BDSM Library - Road to Slavery, Road to Life




Road to Slavery, Road to Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The adventures of Rob, a 23 year old submissive computer programmer.  Taken by a Master from a Mall parking lot and trained to be a slave.  What can I say, it has it's funny moments, sad moments, painful moments and pleasurable moments.  It was and is being written just for the shear fun of doing it.  Hope you enjoy.  Rob
This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

This story is (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved. 

Please feel free to email comments to Rob:  elder@fetchmail.com.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/WS




Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 1

Captured

I was in the express, 1 - 9 items, checkout at the supermarket.   As I was about
to place my groceries onto the little belt, a voice behind me growled.  

"How many items you got there asshole".

I stopped, with a jerk and looked back at a big bear of a man standing right
behind me.   His steel black eye's bore right into me.  I could feel my face
begin to colour as I tried to stammer a reply.

"Uh....I....ah......have.....ah.... 10",  I finally managed.

"What the hell's the matter with you", he snarled, "are you one of those damned
illiterate types that run around expecting everyone else to help because your
too stupid to learn to read."

By this time the cashier, the lady in front of me and some people waiting at the
next checkout were all looking at me.    I was totally deflated.  A very nervous
and submissive type to begin with, this attack really did me in.   I was so
humiliated and embarrassed I couldn't think straight.  My whole body was
shaking. 

Then he started in again.

"You got too many items,  now you just put them all back in that basket". he
ordered,  "Now you see that checkout with the big long line".

"Yes sir", I quivered as I started placing the items back in my basket.

"Well you just march your sorry little ass down there and stand at the end of
that line.   And you just wait your turn.  I am going to be sitting right
outside watching and if you try going to any of the other checkouts I am going
to beat the shit out of you when you come out".  he sneered,  "understand".

Still shaking, my face red and I wanted to die but  answered, "yes sir",  then
hurried along on trembling knees down to the end of that long line.  There were
three women ahead all with full carts, one women had two carts. I could hear a
lot of snickering behind me. 

One of them spoke out loud enough for everyone to hear.

"It's about time someone put jerks like that in their place".

All of this shame for one measly item.  Tears were forming in my eye's.  Great
that's all I need  tears rolling down my dumb face.   But then I became aware of
something else as well.   My dick had started to rise and was now pressing
arrogantly against my trousers.  Oh shit I thought as I pressed up closer to the
shopping basket trying desperately to hide this latest assault on my
equilibrium.

Thirty minutes later I finally made it through the checkout.  Thankfully the
tears had not lasted very long and the boner had gone down.  After paying I
grabbed my bags and with head down, headed out towards my car and the drive back
to my lonely apartment. 

I was about to insert the key into the door to unlock the car when I felt a big
hand land on my shoulder.

"Well if it ain't the little line jumping asshole",  growled that same voice
from the store.   "Now ain't it amazin' how you follow orders so well.   Why
I'll bet your one a those wimps  that pisses himself when the boss gives an
order.  Right".

I didn't know what to say.  I was scared shitless, so I just stood there shaking
in my boots.

"Ah you poor little wimp the big bad bear has gone and scared ya, huh.   Well
little wimp,  not to worry I am really very cuddly."  he said gently with a
touch of a smile on his face.  His eyes were sparkling now with a hint of
mischief

That look made me feel much more  at ease and I finally found my voice.

"I'm sorry",   I whined,  "I don't normally cheat on the lines and I promise not
to do it again".  I was almost crying  again.

"Are you married wimp"? he asked.

"No sir".

"Have a girlfriend?"

"No sir".

"What about a boyfriend then?"

"No sir,....... I'm.......ah...... not gay".

"Of course your not",  he continued in that same soothing voice.  "I'll bet you
live alone and are lonely too, right?"

"Ah.....well......yes......ah...........I guess so".  I stammered in reply.

"I knew it", he stated,  "right, your coming home with me.  I think you need
some company to brighten up your life.   Leave your car here we will go in
mine".   With that his big hand,  still resting on my shoulder started me moving
away from my car.

I attempted to protest, but he stopped that real quick by just squeezing the
fingers on that big hand into my shoulder.    The pain was intense and I
obediently let him lead me,  I knew not where.  

His car or rather his van was parked only a couple of spaces away from mine.  
It was a new vehicle, with smoked glass windows all around.    The occupants
could see out but outsiders could not see in.   He had the keys in his left hand
and continued to hold me with his right, as he unlocked the doors.  He then
pulled open the side sliding door and forced me inside.

I was surprised, there was only one seat back there, all the others had been
removed.  The seat was on the opposite side and he ordered me to get over and
into it.   Like a little lamb to the slaughter I did what I was told and was
soon seated in the seat.  

He climbed in and slid the door closed behind him.

"You have a real serious problem young man",  he began,  "you really are
incapable of living on your own, you know.  You are just not equipped to be in
charge of your own life".

My eye's teared up at this assault on my mental capacity and I began to protest,
but as always he was ahead of me.

"Hush, hush",  he soothed, and paused for  a moment.

"Come on be perfectly honest with yourself.   You are afraid of your own shadow.  
You need someone big and strong to look after you, to protect you, to make sure
you get your share of this world.   Now ain't that the truth". 

Suddenly I was feeling much more comfortable with him.   The things he was
saying were true.  Everyone walked all over me.  I was always afraid of hurting
someone's feelings so would do all kinds of chores and things that  I really
didn't want to do.   It seemed that everyone was taking advantage of me.   And
here was this big bear of a man offering,  at least I think he is offering, to
help me and protect me.

I looked at him with tears in my eyes,  "yes sir, I am not very strong when it
comes to other people.   They do take advantage".

"Well boy,  I'll tell you what".  he began,  "I think you need someone like me
to look after you.  Now I am willing to take you on but you have to agree.   If
you don't want my help, my friendship then get up right now and leave.  The
choice is yours.  But whatever your choice there will be no turning back.   So
what will it be, me or out there?"

He looked at me with those warm sparkling black eyes and my heart melted.   He
looked so friendly like a father waiting for his son to make a major decision.  
I didn't have to think long.  My life up until now had been a lonely existence, 
yes that was the word, an existence.  I wasn't living and hadn't really lived
since I was a small child.  He was offering me a chance to live again,  I just
had to take it.

"I think I would like to stay",  I said just above a whisper.

"Are you absolutely sure",  he cautioned.

An emphatic, "Yes",   was my reply.

"I thought you would", he answered with a smile.  

He then went around behind the chair and said, "bring your arms around behind
the chair and clasp your hands".

A little confused by this request, but still trusting I did as he commanded.

He then grasped both wrists and before I knew what was happening my wrists were
handcuffed together.  A little bit of fear began to replace the confidence I had
been feeling just a few seconds ago.  

He must have sensed the fear because he spoke gently,  "If I am going to help
you, then you have to be trained.    Bondage is part of that training process". 

Then I felt him placing something around my neck.   It wasn't until sometime
later that I learned that it was a black leather dog collar with steel
reinforcements.  It had silver studs spaced all around the outside,  and a built
in ring for a leash.   But the worst part was the lock.  It was made of hardened
steel which was connected to the hardened steel reinforcing  inside the collar. 
Once locked, only the key would open it.   The collar was close fitting and it
would be almost impossible to get a cutter that would be able to cut it off.  

Once the collar was fitted and locked he got up and came around to face me.  
The words he began to speak shocked me,  I really was not prepared for this.

"The collar is now in place, and you are now a true slave",  he stated in cold
tones pausing to let his words sink in.   "You are no longer a free man, you
belong to me and will obey my ever command.  Failure to obey will result in
swift punishment.   I see the disbelief in your eye's, but it is true.   The
only way you can be protected is to be turned into what you really have always
been, a slave.  Your only goal in life from this moment on is to please me.   It
may take a little while and a whole lot of pain, but you will soon learn your
new status and accept it.  Believe me you will soon begin to enjoy your new life
and wonder how you ever got along before".

I opened my mouth and started to protest,  "I am not a............".  My words
were cut off by the back of his hand, as it viciously clipped me across the
mouth.

"Slaves never speak without permission", he snarled,  "You have no say in
anything anymore.  You had your chance to leave, but didn't take it.   That, in
itself,  is a sure sign that you needed to be enslaved."

Then without saying anything more he began to undo the buttons of my shirt.  He
took out a small pen knife, opened it and placed it inside my right sleeve cuff
and pulled up.  The material ripped apart.  He grabbed both sides and tore the
sleeve all the way to my shoulder.  He took the knife again and cut the heavy
seam at the shoulder and ripped the shirt across the front.  This was repeated
on the other sleeve.  When he was finished he grabbed the collar of the shirt,
at the back of my neck and pulled up.  The shirt came completely away and he
dropped it to the floor.   I sat there shirtless, tears rolling down my cheeks. 

I had suffered a lot of indignities over the short span of my adult life, but
this had to be the worst.  Cuffed up, with a collar locked on my neck, in a
strangers van and he was stripping me.   How was I ever going to live with
myself after this, I wondered.  But these thoughts were driven aside,  it was
time for me to get smacked again.

I watched astounded as he reached for my belt, and then began to protest.   But
again his hand came up, but this time his hand moved at lightning speed, back
and forth, back and forth across my face.  I don't know how many times he
smacked my face, it must have been six or eight times.   It hurt something
fierce and drew blood from my lower lip which was split during the assault.  As
well,  I was seeing stars and had a terrible ringing in my left ear, one of the
blows had landed across the ear.

"I told you to keep your worthless fucking mouth shut",  he screamed,  "do I
have to beat you senseless before you learn to obey!  Now keep your mouth shut."

I stared at him in a terrified, stunned silence.   He continued to undo my belt,
then unzipped me.  He moved down and removed my running shoes.  Then taking a
cuff of each pant leg in a massive hand he gave a quick,  hard tug and my pants
were off.  

Then he brought one of those massive hands up and grabbed the waistband of my
boxers.  One heave was all that was needed,  the material ripped to shreds and I
was now naked except for my socks, and the dog collar.  Tears dripped down my
cheeks,  I felt terribly violated and my damned cock was beginning to rise
again.   Would the shame never end?

"Ah, that's much better slave",  he said in that soothing voice,  "see it wasn't
so bad, and if you had behaved yourself you wouldn't have had to suffer through
that punishment".

Without another word he made his way to the front and got in the drivers seat. 
He never mentioned my rising dick, but he couldn't have helped but notice.  He
placed the key in the ignition, started the van and off we went.    At that
moment I didn't have a clue where we were going.  He could be taking me
somewhere to snuff me for all I knew.   I was terrified and shaking from fear.  
Tears were still cascading down my cheeks.   What a fool I was.   What a bloody,
useless fool.

He made his way to the freeway and 30 minutes later we were on the other side of
town.   The good side.   We drove down some streets with homes worth millions of
dollars each.   Where does he live, I began to wonder.  Who is this guy,  I
still didn't know his name or anything about him.  The drive was soothing and I
had begun to settle down.  The tears had stopped and my dick had settled down,
so I just kind of enjoyed the ride.

He turned into a small paved drive with a long line of Maple trees along each
side.   The drive seemed to curve slightly to the left and there was a massive
steel or wrought iron gate.   As the van approached the gate began to open.  
The gates were completely open by the time the van reached them and it passed
through.   I turned my head to look out the back window and watched as the gates
swung closed.

I turned back to the front and watched amazed as we continued up a tree lined
drive.   Soon a large building began to emerge through openings in the trees.  
It was a sudden thing.  The trees just seemed to stop and there was this huge,
treeless lawn and a huge mansion. 

He drove the van right up to the front door,  shut off the engine, got up and
came back to me.

"I am going to undo one of your cuffs.  You will get out of the van and stand
still with your feet together and your arms behind your back.   If you don't
follow these instructions exactly I will string you up and whip the ass off you. 
Is that clear slave?"  he commanded.

"Yes sir",  I replied meekly.

He undid the cuff and I brought my arms around front.  It was a relief to have
then loosened up.  It had been very uncomfortable to have them pinioned like
that.   He opened the sliding door and I stepped out.   I was really afraid and
decided that I had better do exactly what I was told,  this guy wasn't foolin'.  
He would whip my ass as soon as look at me.

Pushing aside my pride and humiliation at being made to get out  of the van
naked, I slid out.  I moved a little away and stood up straight, put my feet
together and placed my hands behind my back.  He soon joined me and refastened
the cuffs.   Then pulling a heavy gold chain from the van he clipped it to my
dog collar.  The   van door was closed and we headed for the mansion, he had one
end of the chain in his hand and I had no choice but to follow.

We were just approaching the door when it opened and a very stiff english butler
type, stood back and said, "good day sir".

"Ah, good day to you to Henry.   Picked me up a nice little slave to train", he
said jovially.

"Yes sir", Henry responded,  "very good indeed, sir".

Oh this was humiliating,  being lead into the mansion, naked, on a chain was bad
enough but worst of all, at the sight of the butler, my dick started to harden. 
What in hell was happening to me.  This all had to be some kind of weird
nightmare and I would wake up back in my lonely, safe little apartment.   The
reality of the situation hit home very quickly the moment I walked through that
door.




Chapter 2

"It", Enters the Cage and the First Lesson Begins

Henry closed the door after we had passed through.   The sound of that door
closing was like a thousand massive thunderboomers striking all at once.   The
sound bounced off the walls of the massive foyer and echoed down what seemed to
be a long endless hallway.   I think the closing of that door was my first
realization that Rob,  the person that I had been for 23 years, ceased to exist. 
I somehow knew beyond a doubt that I would never again have any say or control
over my life.

"Henry take this useless piece of shit down and put, it, in the cage",  he said
handing the end of my chain to the butler.

"Yes sir",  he replied courteously and then asked,  "should I water it as well,
sir"?

"Mmmm....no I think not Henry.  No feed or drink until it has experienced the
first lesson",   he said as though this were just normal everyday routine.

"As you wish, sir",  replied Henry and without a word or glance at me,  he
started off down the hall.   He gave a little tug on the chain leaving no doubt
in my mind that I was to follow.  

My dick had risen considerably during the exchange and was almost at full
erection.   Why was I getting turned on by this treatment?   It didn't make
sense to my tormented brain and I was having a great deal of difficulty trying
to come to grips with it all.

Had they really referred to me as an, "it"?    Have I lost my humanity to this
man?  They were going to put me in a cage, like an animal,  and I didn't have
the balls to put a stop to it.  No, instead I just got fucking well turned on.  

The hallway we were heading down was huge and seemed to go on forever.  It was
decorated with the most lavish of furnishing.  There were huge paintings on the
walls, interspersed with what must have been very, very expensive tapestries. 
The floor was covered in what could only be the plushest carpeting I had ever
seen in my life, let alone walked on.  It was soft and springing through my
socking feet and felt fantastic.

We had not gone very far when a door just ahead, and on the right opened.  A
young boy, he couldn't have been more than 15 or 16 emerged.   He was a
miniature copy of the man that had brought me here. 

"Ah, what do we have here, Henry.   Father find himself a new slave?",  the boy
asked.

"Yes, Master William it would seem so". Henry answered as he came to a
respectful stop.  It was obvious this boy commanded respect in this house.

The boy came over and looked me up and down.  I looked down to the floor unable
to look him in the eye,  my dick was fully erect now,  throbbing and bouncing up
and down.  As well precum was beginning to dribble out the end.  I am sure my
face was brilliant red, tears again filled my eyes as this boy examined my naked
body.    

"Well Henry I hope dad gets it trained soon,  the filthy beast is dribbling love
snot all over the carpets", the boy sneered has he reached out and grabbed my
balls with hands that were almost as big as his fathers.

Once he had hold,  he squeezed with all his might.  For one second nothing
happened,  but then the pain hit.  A blinding flash of bright light swept in
front of my eye's.  A blinding pain erupted from my tortured jewels,   spreading
quickly throughout my groin, up through my abdominals and back, into my pecs and
shoulder blades, up my neck and into my brain.    A pain so utterly soul
wrenchingly painful that it could never be adequately described.  Only someone
who had experienced it could understand.  I must have collapsed into
unconsciousness trying to escape this devastating agony.

One moment I was standing there in agony, the next a sharp, extremely unpleasant
odour was assaulting my olfactory senses.  I remember  trying to get my nose
away from the source of this assault, while this terrible burning pain continued
to spread out from my nuts.   The pain was so bad I just wanted to die.   But
then I heard someone telling me to get up and I could feel whoever it was
kicking me.   I slowly began to regain my senses and rose painfully to my feet. 

"That will teach you to dribble your dick snot on our carpets you filthy
animal", the boy spit at me.  "Get him down to the cage Henry, I am going to let
dad know that he has a really filthy beast on his hands this time.".

The pain was still so great that the boys insults had no effect what-so-ever. 
The tears were flowing fast and I was shaking,  but this was from the pain and
the uncompromising fear that was now enveloping me.   How was I ever going to
survive this treatment.  

My cock had gone flaccid but I could now feel a new problem developing.   I felt
like I was going to throw up.   A big gorge was building up in my throat,  hell
if they would almost tear my balls off for dribbling a little precum what would
they do to me if I were to puke on their expensive carpets.   The terror rising
inside of me was getting out of control and over came my fear of speaking.  

"I'm going to throw up Henry",  I quickly stammered.

"Oh no it's not",  he replied and in a movement that was so fast I didn't even
see him move, he was behind me and placed one hand over my mouth.  His other
hand went behind my neck and he propelled me at amazing speed down the hall,
then suddenly forced me to the right and though a door.   We were in a washroom. 
He quickly forced me over to the toilet and said, "do it there".

I didn't need any prompting.  I barely had my face over the hole before I began
retching.  Spew after spew of acrid vomit erupted from my tortured body.   I
didn't think it would ever end.   Once it ceased Henry pulled some toilet paper
and wiped my mouth and chin.  He pushed the flusher to remove the foul mess in
the bowl.

"Please Henry may I have some water to rinse my mouth",  I pleaded.

"No", he replied.  "The Master said no water".

"But the acid is burning my throat",  I tried again.

"The Master said no water and so no water it is",  with that he gave a yank on
the chain and  led me back out into the hall.

My balls were still burning and shooting pain through my groin as we walked. 
The acid from my vomit was burning my throat.  My dick although now flaccid was
still dribbling precum.   Tears were flowing from my eyes and I was shaking like
hell.  All and all I was in pretty bad shape.

After walking down that accursed hall for what seemed like forever, my balls
send jolts of pain with every step,  Henry finally stopped and opened a door. 
We passed into another smaller hall.   We only walked a few paces before Henry
turned again and we went through another door into a stairwell.   Henry started
down the stairs and just like a little puppy on a leash, I followed.

At the bottom we went through another door and into another small hall.  There
were four doors along the opposite wall.  We went past the first two and Henry
opened the third and in we went.

It was a dingy looking room, about 10' x 10' in size, painted a dark yellow and
had a single, uncovered light bulb in the centre of the ceiling.  There were no
furnishings in the room, but smack dab in the center was a small cage.  It was
made of what looked like quarter inch stainless steel rods welded together.  It
measured about 2ft  long by about 1 1/2 ft wide and 1 1/2 ft  high.  One end was
on a hinge and was open.

Henry pulled me over to the cage and commanded,  "It will get down on it's knees
and crawl in".

I looked at him dumfounded.  How in hell was I going to get in that tiny cage. 
I am 5'9" and weight 175 lbs.  For a wimp I am pretty well built with a broad
chest and thick thighs.  Even with my hands free, getting into that cage would
have been difficult.  With my hands cuffed behind my back I figured it would be
near impossible.

But what I didn't know at that moment, is that with the right incentive, the
impossible becomes merely difficult.

"I said get in",  Henry snarled as I continued to hesitate.

Henry walked over to the wall and opened a door.   I hadn't seen it because it
was designed to blend right in with the wall.  He pull this wicked looking whip
out, raised it above his head and snapped it in the air.  It gave a crack like
the sound of a rifle being fired in an enclosed firing range.

The message was very clear and I dropped to my knees instantly and began to
force my way into the cage.  It was not too bad and I was doing ok until my
knees where in and on top of the cage bars along the bottom.  These bars dug
into my knees and sent shocks of pain surging through me again.  As well I had
to bring my legs closer together as my thighs started to enter the cage.  This
of course put pressure on my already aching nuts.

I must have hesitated again because I heard the sound of that whip crack through
the air.   Pain or no pain I forced myself into the cage.   Finally my head came
up against the back end and I thought I was in. 

"It will force itself in more",  Henry commanded.  "It's ass is still sticking
out and so are it's feet."

So unable to do anything else other than obey I forced myself further into this
devilish contraption.  I had to bend my head down and towards my chest in order
to get my ass in.  But I finally managed because I felt the cage door close, the
stainless steel bars cold against my naked ass.  

Then I heard the snap of a lock.

In a rather sad voice Henry gave me some advice,  "It is no longer considered
human and will always be referred to as, "it", "slave", a number or what ever
other name the Master decides to use.  My advice is that it forget it's previous
existence and concentrate on pleasing the Master.  Life will be much more
pleasant the sooner it learns that fact".   With that he turned and left the
room closing the door behind himself.  A few seconds later the single bulb
burning in the centre of the room went out.

I was locked naked, my hands cuffed behind my back,  in a cage barely large
enough for me to stuff myself  into.   I couldn't move at all and the cold metal
bars were pressing against me all over.   To make it worse I was in complete
darkness and to top it off, Henry was telling me that I was no longer considered
human.   I was a thing, an, "it".    What in hell was I going to do?   How could
I have been so stupid as to allow myself to get into this situation in the first
place?




Chapter 3

Food, Water & Relief

I didn't know how long it had been since Henry had locked me in the cage.   It
seemed like days.  My balls were still aching from my introduction to the
Masters son William.   My knees were in agony from hours spent pushing into the
bars on the bottom of the cage.  With almost no room to move I could only manage
to shift my knees a few centimeters at a time to try and relieve the pressure.  
My thigh muscles were cramping from supporting my upper torso in such an awkward
position and my neck was aching from my head being pushed down so far.  My
throat was dry and raw from the acid that remained after I had vomited.  To top
it off I was cold and had begun to shiver and shake.   I didn't think I would be
able to take too much more of this inhumane treatment.   I guess I didn't really
believe Henry,  I still thought I was human.

Many hours later I slowly became aware that I was no longer in darkness.  A warm
light surrounded me,  a glorious light,  a blessed light.   I was unable to see
anything clearly, my vision was a blur, but oh the joy to have the warmth of
that light surrounding me.   From somewhere off in space and time I could
faintly hear a voice.  I couldn't make out what it was saying, only that it was
there.   I began to force all my concentration towards hearing what the voice
was saying, but I was delirious.  The more I tried to concentrate the more the
voice sounded like insane ranting.   As I managed to push back the delirium it
became very clear that indeed what I was hearing was ranting.  Jumbles of words
that made no sense.   Was there some other poor demented soul in the room with
me?

Then sudden realization,  the ranting was coming from my own lips.  The shock
sent me over the edge and I collapsed into blessed oblivion.

When I awoke I was no longer in the cage.   I was laying on some kind of hard
bed or table.    A blanket covered my naked body, providing me with warmth.   My
vision was still a bit blurred but I could see and thankfully the light in the
room was dim.  It took me a few seconds to realize the Supermarket, being naked
in the van, and that horrible nightmare......the cage,  was not a bad dream. 
Then I heard his voice.

"Ah, It has finally woke up".

"Did It enjoy the time in the cage", he asked in that soothing voice he used on
me in the van.

"No sir", I rasped.  My throat was still raw from the vomit.

"That's good", he said as he approached the bed or table or whatever the hell I
was lying on. 

"Would It like to have me place It back in the cage?" he asked with a slight
smile curling his lips.

"Oh please sir, don't make me go back in that cage", my voice crackled and
rasped and tears formed and began to run down my cheeks.  I was filled with
terror.  "Please sir,  I'll be good I promise, but please don't make me go
back",   and I broke down into a full fledge crying spell with the big sobs and
gasps, well you know what I mean.

He let me go on crying and pleading for a while,  I guess he was enjoying
watching me demean myself.  He let me go on until the crying spell had turned
into big sad sobs.   He just stood there looking at me, his face a mask, hiding
what he was thinking or feeling. 

"It was only in the cage for sixteen hours".  he said,   "Barely  long enough to
get a taste of how bad this punishment can be.   Imagine being forced to stay in
the cage for days or weeks at a time.   Wouldn't be very pleasant now, would
it?" 

"No sir", I managed to gasp.  Just the thought of spending even another minute
in that terrible cage scared the hell out of me.

"Well then It will just have to make every effort to be a good and obedient
slave."   His voice had hardened a little.  "I will not hesitate to put It back
in that cage if It does not obey, so be warned".

He then got that fatherly look back on his face and the twinkle in his eye. 
"Now that It has passed lesson  one I have decided to give It a name.   For the
next part of It's training, we will call It,  Pussyboy.    Has a nice ring to it
don'tcha think",  he gave a little laugh and went on,  "Pussyboy must be hungry
and thirsty.  Must be at least 20 hours since you last had food or water."

I looked up at him expectantly.  He hadn't asked me a direct question so there
was no way I was going to answer.   I did not want to go back in that cage and I
didn't intend on doing anything that would get me there.

"Henry", he called,  "Time to feed and water the Pussyboy".

"Yes sir", I heard Henry reply from somewhere in the room.  "It is in place,
sir".

"Alright up you get Pussyboy",  the Master commanded.

When I tried to sit up, sharp agonizing pain ripped through my thigh, back and
shoulder muscles.  I heard myself scream in agony as I fell back down to the
bed.

"Get up Pussyboy",  he growled, "I don't give a shit how much it hurts.   Ignore
the pain, get used to it.  Unless of course you would like to go back in the
cage."

That was all the incentive I needed.   Although my body felt like it was being
torn apart,  I forced myself up.  Small screams of pain escaped involuntarily
from my parched lips.  Finally, my legs slid over the side of the bed, my body
was bathed in sweat from the pain that coursed through every fiber of my being.  
My feet hit the floor and I used every ounce of my strength and willpower to try
and push myself forward and up.  I didn't make it. 

My tortured legs just couldn't take my weight and I fell like a rock to the
floor.  Scared and trembling,  the threat of the cage filling me with
unimaginable fear,  I tried desperately to get myself up off the floor.   Tears
had begun to flow again.   I managed to get up onto all fours,  then slowly
began to raise myself to a standing position. 

"Oh no you don't",  he said,  "stay on all fours and crawl over to Henry."

I was still hurting but with no alternative but to obey, began the painful crawl
over to Henry.

But now a new agony inflicted itself upon my tortured body.  I had to pee.  The
Master hadn't said anything about the toilet, and I didn't have permission to
speak.   What was I going to do?  Now that I was aware I had to go, that
awareness became greater and greater.

It was slow going and it was agonizing, but I made it.  On the floor beside
Henry were two large, stainless steel dog bowls.  One was filled with water, 
the other with what looked like dog kibble mixed with water into a kind of mush.

"Your dinner is served, Pussyboy",  intoned Henry in his best butler style.

I couldn't believe what I was seeing.  They were going to make me eat dog food.  
I couldn't survive on that, could I?   Unable to protest, fearing that dreaded
cage and desperately needing a drink to sooth my parched and burned throat,  I
bent my face over the water bowl and began to lap and slurp up the cool
refreshing water,........ like a dog.

The water felt wonderful in my dry mouth and parched throat.   I must have drank
most of it when I suddenly realized how hungry I was.   I looked up and could
see the Master and Henry looking down at me with warm smiles on their faces, but
no mercy in their eyes.  I took one more disgusted look at the dog food, moved
my face over the bowl and began to eat.  

In all honesty it wasn't too bad,  rather bland but at least it didn't taste
bad.  I must have been very hungry because when it was all gone I found myself
regretting that there wasn't more.  I then placed my face over the water bowl
and drank deeply again.

The need to void had not left me the entire time and had become worse.  The need
to piss was wrapping itself unmercifully around my groin.  What would they do to
me if I should accidentally let it go.  The consequences were too terrible to
think about so I held tight.  All my concentration was needed to keep my bladder
closed.   I must have been giving outward signs of my desperate need, because
the Master looked at Henry and said, "I think the Pussyboy needs to empty his
bladder,  he may even need a bowel movement.  What do you think Henry"?

"It would seem that way, sir, from all the dancing he is doing."

"Better take him out for a walk then Henry."  the Master said.

"Yes sir",  Henry replied.  With that he connected a leash to my collar and
said, "Come along Pussyboy".

Unable to do anything else and with a promise that I would be able to relieve my
aching bladder I painfully crawled along on my hands and knees behind Henry.

My joy at the prospect of relief was soon dampened when I realized where Henry
was taking me.  Just down the hall from the room we had been in was a door that
led out into a garden.  Henry went out and I followed.  Outside he headed across
a lawn and not too far away I could see what looked like dog kennels.   Then the
dogs started barking and jumping at the ends of the runs.

Henry headed straight for those kennels.  I couldn't figure out why we were
going to the kennels when we were supposed to be going to a washroom.  I wasn't
in doubt for very long.  Once we reached the kennels Henry marched right up to
one of the runs.  Two black labs were on the other side all excited, tongues
hanging out and slobbering all over the place.  Henry bent over and undid my
leash.

"When I open the gate you will get in the cage",  Henry commanded. 

He then opened the gate, and the little lamb went to the slaughter. 

"You have 10 minutes to empty your bladder and bowels.  You had best be finished
by the time I get back and be very sure to get both your bladder and bowels
empty.  It may be a very long time before you get back out here to go again." 
having said that he shut and locked the gate.  A small smile creased his lips
when he saw the crestfallen look on my face.  He then turned and walked away.

The two dogs were overjoyed to have a new playmate.  They were all over me,
licking and jostling.  How the hell was I going to empty my bladder and bowels
with these two.  I mean it was demeaning and unsettling enough to be naked
outside and locked in a kennel, never mind having to take a piss and a crap with
two dogs jumping all over you. 

Finally my poor bladder just couldn't take the pressure any longer and piss
began pumping out of my cock which was betraying me again.  It was semi hard and
piss was splashing all over the place.  I tried grabbing my cock to get some
control on where the piss was going but couldn't keep my balance.  When I lifted
my hand and reached back,  I  to toppled over, and landed right into the large
puddle of piss that had spread around me on the concrete floor of the run. 

Now to make matters worse the two dogs were in their glory.  Warm dog tongues
were flicking against my cock, lapping at the piss as it pumped out,  causing my
cock to harden even more.  Lying in the piss was not very comfortable so I was
trying to get back up on all fours while attempting to fend off the two frisky
dogs.  Piss is still pumping out of my cock and the two dogs are still trying to
get at it.  

Finally the flow began to lessen and stopped completely.   I was now back up on
my hands and knees, but my entire left side was wet with my own piss.  It was
then that I really began to appreciate the dogs for the first time.  The flow
coming out of my cock had stopped so they set about cleaning the piss off my
body.

Ok, one thing down, one to go.   It seemed to me that the easiest thing to do
would be to try and squat by pushing my thighs down.   I attempted that but
could only go a short way the pain in my thighs was still great.   But it was
the best I could do, so I started to push.  In a few seconds I could feel turds
exiting and dropping to the floor of the run.  Guess the dogs either heard it or
smelt it, don't know or care which, but like a bat out of hell they were both
back there.  Two fucking tongues licking my ass while I'm trying to shit.  That
of course was all the incentive my cock needed to rise to it's fullest.  One of
the dogs was attracted and began to lick it again while the other was working on
my asshole. 

While I am not into animal/human sex,  I was in a bind and unable to physically
do anything except accept what was happening.  For a change, although I didn't
really like the idea,  it felt great and I just let the fucking dogs do whatever
they wanted.   It didn't take long before I started shooting my load.   But
wouldn't you know it,  The Master, his son William and Henry the butler all
chose that particular moment to show up.

"What the fuck are you doing",  the Master yelled.  "You rotten no-good
sonofabitch.  I ought to throw you back in that cage and throw away the key."

"No Master please",  I pleaded.  I couldn't stop them.  They wouldn't leave me
alone".  The tears were coursing down my cheeks again and fear had gripped my
guts.   The fucking dogs which had caused this problem were still busy licking
my ass and cock.  Unable to lift my arms high enough to fend them off without
falling over, I had to just endure the indignity of it all. 

"Well let me tell you this kind of behavior will not be tolerated",  he
reprimanded.  "You will have to be punished.  Get the miserable fuck out of
there Henry",

"Yes sir",  says Henry in his very Butler'y voice.  He walked over to the gate, 
unlocked and pulled it open.  As He was unlocking the gate I was making my way
to it.  The two dogs were still having a grand time licking me.  Young William
stood there the whole time, not saying a word, but a big smirk on his miserable
little cherubic face.    I didn't like that boy very much after what he did to
my balls,  I liked him even less for that merciless smirk.

When Henry opened the gate he gave a one word command,  it was too quick and
unexpected for me to grasp exactly what it was.  But the instant he gave it both
of the dogs sat and didn't move.  Now why didn't he give that command when they
first arrived and he saw what the dogs where doing to me?  Then it dawned on my
slow, dense brain.  This was all a set up.  I was put in this cage on purpose
knowing full well what those dogs would do.  And now I was going to be punished
for something that I had no control over.  I was going to be punished because
the Master wanted me to be punished.  All of these thoughts were running through
my head as Henry refastened the leash and we all started walking, well the three
of them walked and I crawled, back to the mansion.

What would the punishment be?  A return to the accursed cage?  Fear was gripping
my guts on that long crawl back and with that fear came another problem,  I had
to pee again.




Chapter 4


Upon our return to the mansion, the Master and young William went on down the
hall as Henry led me back to the room with the bed.

"Ok Pussyboy", said Henry.  "Time for you to stand up."

The pain in my thighs had eased considerably from earlier so I gave it a try.  
As I stretched my legs out a sharp pain shot through the thigh muscle, but soon
subsided.  Although the thighs ached I was able to stand.    Henry ordered me to
hold out my arms and when I complied he fastened leather cuffs to each wrist. 
Each of the cuffs had a large metal ring attached. 

Henry then walked over to the wall and did something that caused two heavy
chains to drop from the ceiling, on either side of where I was standing.  He
came back over, took my right wrist, producing a padlock he locked my wrist to
one of the chains.  He then proceeded to do the same with my left wrist.  Then
he walked back over to the wall and I suddenly felt my arms being lifted by the
chains attached to my wrists.   As they rose the chains also moved out to either
side.  Soon the chains began to lift me but Henry stopped them when I was on my
tip toes.   So there I was stretched up, my arms pulled taunt by the chains
forming a wide V shape and all my weight resting on my toes.  I suddenly became
scared again,  maybe there is something just as bad if not worse than being
locked in that cage.

Henry walked back over, stood in front of me and just stared up and down.  After
all I had been through I was still embarrassed to have another man staring at my
helpless naked body.  My helpless naked body that was starting to sport another
erection.  What the hell was wrong with me?

"mmmmm it would seem that you like this Pussyboy",  Henry smirked.  "Do you
really like this treatment?"

"No sir," I replied.

"Well it sure looks like you do.  How else can you explain that erection,
Pussyboy?"  he sneered.

"Ah", I stammered, "I ah, sometimes get hard when I have to pee real bad and I
have to pee real bad now".

"But you just went", exclaimed Henry.  "How could you possibly need to go again
so soon?"

"Probably all that water I drank", I replied.

"Could be, but you now have a very serious problem.  The Master is not going to
let you go again for a few hours, maybe longer.  And I know he is going to be
here soon to punish you for your disgusting behavior in the kennels.   Chances
are your bladder is going to release that build up involuntarily.  Should that
happen the Master will be very, very angry.   He may even be angry enough to
throw you back in the cage.  I sure am glad I'm not you at this moment."  saying
that Henry turned around, walked to the door and opened it.  He turned, gave me
a pitying look, shook his head and walked out, closing the door behind him.

Now I was terrified again and needed to pee worse than before.  As the terror
took hold my body began to  shake and the need to pee became even greater.  Pee
pains started to spread out through my groin.   I started hopping up and down on
my toe tips trying to relieve the pains.  This only caused my toes to start
aching worse than they were.  On top of that my dick was still hard and was now
throbbing something wicked.  I don't know which I wanted more, to pee or to cum. 
Unable to do either I began to cry instead, working my self up into quite a
frenzy of fear and erotic excitement.

After what seemed an eternity, the door suddenly burst open.  Framed in the
doorway was a terrifying sight.  A black hooded, heavily muscled man dressed in
the strangest leather outfit I had ever seen.  Besides the black leather hood,
he wore what seemed to be some sort of leather harness over the top portion of
his magnificent upper torso.  It consisted of two black leather straps that came
over each shoulder and attached to a black leather belt which went around his
waist.  Gold chains joined the two straps, one just above the nipples and one
half way between that chain and the black leather belt.  His crotch was covered
by a leather pouch that bulged from the contents.  Other than a pair of high
sided black boots that was all he wore.  Gripped tightly in his hand was a long
leather whip.

The sight was so frightening I could not hold my bladder and I began to piss.  I
must have also found this whole thing extremely erotic because no sooner had I
began to piss than I also began to cum.   The piss flow suddenly stopped in mid
stream and long ropes of cum began to shoot out of my poor cock.  I was in such
a state I don't know how many ropes I shot, but it seemed it would never end. 
When my nuts were empty the piss started again. 

Now that I had shot my load, the erotic part of this little adventure was over
and pure terror took over.  I was so scared I passed out.

I woke up to a sharp, unpleasant odour.  The Master was holding a small bottle
under my nose.  My shoulders were on fire, I transferred my weight back to my
toes which relieved some of the pressure on my shoulders.

Then I noticed that young William was there as well.  He was dressed much the
same as his father, only the pouch between his legs was nowhere near as huge.

Then I heard the Master say to young William, "Now do you understand why I had
to bring  this incompetent fool here.  He is totally incapable of looking after
himself.  He lets animals suck his cock and even his pissing and ejaculations
are out of control"

"Ok dad, you win.  It really does belong here", the little bastard replied with
a smirk.

Tears of embarrassment,  frustration and fear began to flow down my cheeks
again.

"Why the tears, Pussyboy",  the Master asked in that fatherly tone.  "Ashamed of
yourself for pissing and ejaculating all over my floor?" 

Before I could answer he added,  "If not you should be.  It is disgusting to
have a grown man piss and ejaculate out of control like that.  But don't worry,
you are most fortunate to have me to help you learn to control you disgusting
habits".

"Henry", the Master called.

"Yes sir", replied Henry from just outside the door.  He then appeared, but was
no longer in his fancy butlers outfit.  He was dressed much the same as the
Master and William except he did not have a hood.  He wore a thick black collar
instead and his black leather boots came up to just below the knee.  All in all
it was quite an erotic site and I could feel my cock rising again. 

"Lower the Pussyboy", the Master ordered, "he has a mess to clean up".

"Yes sir", replied Henry.  He went over to the wall and did something which
started to let the chains down.

When my feet first hit the floor I let out a yelp of pain.  I had been standing
on my tip toes for so long that something in my feet had stretched and didn't
like being un-stretched.  Finally my arms were almost down to my side when Henry
walked over and undid the chains from my wrists.

"Now Pussyboy", said the Master.  "Whenever you make a mess you are going to
have to clean it up.  You must admit you made an awful mess of my floor, don't
you agree"?

"Yes sir', I replied, tears still rolling down my cheeks.

"And don't you think that since you made the mess, you should be the one to
clean it up"?

What else could I say but, "Yes sir".

"Ok then get down on your fucking knees and clean it up" he yelled.

I dropped to my knees right away and waited for him to give me the bucket and
mop.

"What the fuck are you waiting for asshole", he yelled again.

Young William was standing there with a big smile on his face.  Henry as usual
just stood there his face expressionless.

Well he did ask a question, so I naturally answered.  "For a bucket and mop,
sir".

"A fucking bucket and a fucking mop", he snapped as he looked at William with an
incredulous look on his face.

"The fucking slave thinks it should have a bucket and a mop,  do you think this
piece of shit should have the use of a bucket and a mop William", he asked of
his son.

"No way dad",  sneered William.  "Make him use his built in bucket and mop" and
he gave a little snicker.

"Hear that Pussyboy", he snapped again.  "You have a built in bucket and mop,
use them".

Being in such an emotional state from all the things that had been happening to
me, I just did not understand what he was saying.  A built in bucket and mop? 
What were they talking about.

I must have been showing my confusion because the Master suddenly yelled,  "Your
mouth and tongue asshole.  Use your fucking mouth and tongue".

That was the last straw.  There was no way I was going to clean up my piss and
cum by drinking it and I made the big mistake of voicing that opinion.

"No way",  I boldly stated.  "I have had enough of this, I want to go home".

From out of nowhere a black leather whip came swishing through the air and
landed square across my unprotected back.   I gave a loud scream and fell
forward into my own mess.   That's twice today I landed in my own piss.  

Before I could recover another blow landed, this one lower down and just above
my ass cheeks.   I screamed again and tried to crawl away.  

"Start cleaning up the fucking mess or I'm going to beat the living shit out of
you, asshole", he screamed and another blow landed.  This time on my ass cheeks.

Screaming in pain and trying to avoid the whip,  I finally forgot any pride that
I may have had left and lowered my face to the floor and began to slurp.  The
whipping stopped.

"See Pussyboy",  the Master said in his calm fatherly voice again, "all you have
to do to avoid punishment is  obey.   As for going home,  well Pussyboy you are
home.  This is where you will live from now on.  It isn't right for someone, so
totally incapable of looking after themselves as you are, to be running free. 
Soon you will see that I am right and you will be much happier, believe me.  I
am only doing this for your own good".

For my own good?  I couldn't believe what I was hearing.  He had me scared to
death, had kept me in a tiny cage for hours, made me eat and drink from a dogs
dish,  put me in a kennel to relieve myself with two dogs that wouldn't leave me
alone, hung me up and scared me so bad I pissed myself, had just beat me with a
whip to make me drink my own piss and cum up off of the floor and had the nerve
to say he was doing it for my own good.  What other tortures  lie ahead?  It
would seem that anything goes with this guy and I had no choice but to obey.

My piss tasted bitter and I almost threw it up a couple of times, but managed to
gag it back down.  I'm not really sure what the cum tasted like because it was
mixed in with the piss, so that was all I could taste.   Finally I managed to
get the last of it.  All that was left was the damp spot left by my tongue.

I sat back on my knees and looked up at the three of them.  I thought I had lost
all my pride, but that wasn't so.  The look on the faces of the three of them as
they stared at me was more humiliating then the situation in the store, the
kennel or anything else so far.  I just felt completely and totally degraded. 
Little did I know, it had really only just begun.




Chapter 5

I was on my knees waiting for the Masters orders.  I had just finished licking
up all my piss and cum off the floor.  The Master, his son William and Henry,
the butler all stood there looking at me with a disgusted look on their faces.  
I thought I had lost all my pride, but that wasn't so,  I was feeling more
degraded than any time since this all began.

It must have been 5 minutes or more since I took up this position, but still
they continued to just stare.  I was feeling lower and lower by the second.  
Finally I couldn't take the staring any longer and burst into tears of shame and
frustration.

The Master must have been waiting for the tears, because no sooner did they
start then he finally spoke.

"Well Pussyboy, you really are a pig". he said in a sarcastic tone.  "Only a pig
would lick it's own piss off the floor.  So you must be a pig".

I just quietly knelt there looking at the floor, feeling completely humiliated.  
I didn't answer because it really didn't sound like a question.  But the Master
must have had other ideas about that.

"Well answer me", he demanded.  "You are a pig, right?"

"No sir", I stammered.  "You made me do it".

"I made you do it", he asked incredulously.  "How could I have done that?"

"With the whip, sir", I responded weakly.  "It hurt so bad".

"Oh no you don't asshole", he exclaimed.  "You are not going to blame me for
your being a pig.  Let me prove it.  Henry would you lick your own piss off the
floor simply because I had given you a couple of love taps with a whip?"

"No sir",  replied Henry.  "You would have to half kill me before I would stoop
that low, and even then I'm not sure I would".

"See asshole", the Master sneered.  "Henry sure as hell wouldn't do it because
of a couple of love taps".

"What about you William?"  he asked his son.

"Nothing could make me demean myself that much, dad",  the little prick
responded.

"There now, see only a genuine pig would do it.  So you must be a pig.  Now I
want you to admit to us that you are a pig.  I want to hear you say that you are
nothing but a disgusting, low life pig that loves nothing better than to drink
his own piss and wallow in shit.  So go ahead and tell us".

I just knelt there tears running down my cheeks.  No fucking way was I going to
admit to that.  It wasn't true.  It was more than love taps that he gave me with
that whip and I know damn well that William and Henry would both have done the
same thing under the same circumstances.  So fuck him, I not saying anything.

"Come on asshole, admit it", he taunted.  "Tell us what a pig you are".

I just continued to look at the floor and kept my mouth shut. 

I heard the whistle of the whip, but it was too late to react.  It struck me
across the back at shoulder height.  I fell forward screaming.  The pain was
intense.  Then another blow struck lower down.  My back felt like it was on
fire.  The another blow landed, this time the tip of the whip struck with
fearsome force and cut into the flesh on my side.  I thought I was going to die. 
I could feel a wetness through the fire.  That blow had opened the skin and I
was bleeding.  The whip landed again, this time down across my ass cheeks.  Now
I started to beg him to stop.

"Please, please stop",  I screamed.  "I'll do anything you want, but please
stop.  Please........." I began but was cut off by another blow across my upper
back.   I was now rolling around on the floor screaming in pain and trying to
get away from the source of my misery. 

The whipping stopped and he let me continue rolling around screaming, until the
pain had subsided enough that I could catch my breath and calm down.

"Now please tell us what a pig you are, Pussyboy",  he said in the fatherly
tone, that I was beginning to hate.

"I am a worthless, good for nothing pig",  I began softly, between sobs and
gasps for breath.  "I like to lick my piss from the floor and wallow in shit".

"Say it again, only really loud so we can hear you, and keep saying it over and
over until I tell you to stop". he commanded.

"I am a worthless, good for nothing pig that likes to lick my piss from the
floor and wallow in shit.  I am a worthless, good for nothing pig that likes to
lick my piss from the floor and wallow in shit.  I am a worthless, good for
nothing pig that likes to lick my piss from the floor and wallow in shit".  I
repeated myself over and over for what seemed like hours before he finally gave
me the ok to stop.

"I have decided on your punishment for fucking around with the dogs, Pussyboy",
he said.  "You will receive 20 lashes with the whip".

"No!"  I screamed.  "Please Master no more whippings.  I can't take any more. 
Please, please.....", and I went into another crying fit.

"Oh yes, Pussyboy",  he responded.  "You must learn to behave yourself.  And
because you spoke without permission the lashes will be increase to 30".

I am sure I must have turned white.  I was suddenly feeling very light headed
and felt like I was about to pass out.  How was I ever going to survive 30
lashes with that whip.  I was very wrong about the cage,  it would be much more
preferable to the whip.

"Oh come on Pussyboy, cheer up.  It's really not all that bad, and besides I'm
not going to punish you right now.  That will come later tonight".  he said
smiling.

Oh yeah, that is supposed to make me feel better.  He just prolonged the
torture.  

"Right now it is time for me to get to know you", he began.  "You really are a
mystery man you know.  Henry was over and packed all your belongings, then
cleaned your apartment and paid your landlady a little bonus because you left
without notice.  She thinks you are working for the Government on a secret
assignment", and he gave a little chuckle.

"We have gone through all your stuff but it told us almost nothing about you. 
Not even where you work or should I say worked.  So you are going to have to
give us all that info so we can set your life in order.  Can't just have you
disappearing off the face of the earth now, can we".  He was talking in that
fatherly tone again and was smiling.

"Ok,  we know your name was Robert Elderson and that you used the nickname Rob. 
You are 23 according to your driver's license.  Now where did you work and what
did you do?"

"I am a computer programmer and work for Rushton Digital Systems", I replied.

"Really!", the Master exclaimed in surprise.  "How about that, I have my very
own computer geek.  Were you any good at it, Pussyboy?"

"Yes sir", I answered.

"Good, I might have a use for your talents after you are trained".  he paused
for a second then continued.

"Ok, we will contact your employer and tell them you had to leave town on urgent
family matters and probably will not be returning".

Oh no I thought.  He can't do that.  I worked hard to get where I was and it
could take me years to do it again.   This guy was destroying me, I had to find
a way to escape.

"You told me in the van that you were not married  and did not have a girl or
boy friend.  So how did you get your nuts off? 

I am sure I turned every shade of red imaginable.  How was I going to explain
that I was still a virgin.  That the girls I had dated would get me all worked
up and then refuse to let me go any farther.

"Come on Pussyboy answer me and don't bother trying to make something up.  I
will know if you are lying and will add more lashes to your punishment".

"Ah.....I'm...ah...a....virgin", I whispered, head bowed and feeling violated.

"Louder, Pussyboy", he commanded.  "We can't hear you".

"I'm a virgin sir",  I said louder, still keeping my head down.

"Now why does that not surprise me?  But that doesn't answer the question how
did you get your nuts off.  We know you can get it off, we watched you just a
little while ago.  So other than peeing yourself and cumming all over my floor,
how do you usually get your rocks off?"

"I masturbate sir",  I answered, feeling even lower if that were possible.

"Ah a wanker", he said sarcastically.  "Well let me tell you, Pussyboy, I think
you are a closet faggot.  Any hot blooded boy your age that hasn't been into a
broads pants must be a faggot".

I couldn't believe what he was saying.  I raised my head and looked him directly
in the eye and shook my head vigorously, no.

"Oh  yes, Pussyboy, you are a faggot.  There is no doubt about.  So as well as
your slave training we will begin training you to be the best fucking faggot in
the whole fucking world.  Now see how well I am looking out for your interests. 
Yes my little slave boy pig faggot, you are going to make one hell of a great
cocksucker".

Oh shit I thought this can't be happening.  I just have to be having a really
bad nightmare and will wake up from this hellish dream at any moment. 




Chapter 6

I couldn't believe what was happening.  The Master had just told me that he
considered me to be a faggot and that he was going to put me into faggot
training.  This couldn't be real. 

I had gone to the store to get a few things I needed and should now be at home,
reading, watching TV or maybe even sleeping.  Not kneeling naked in front of
this man, I only know as the Master, his young son William and his butler Henry. 
Things like this don't happen in real life, I must be having one doozy of a
nightmare.

"Now Pussyboy", the Master said.  "There is no time like the present to begin
your training and besides I think William will find it very amusing.  So I want
you to crawl over to Henry and using just your mouth and teeth, remove his jock
then give his cock a really great blowjob.  If you don't do a good job I will
add 30 lashes to the 30 you already have coming.  So let's see how good a faggot
you really are".

I was stunned.  Not only was he going to force me to suck Henry's cock he was
going to force the indignity of stripping off Henry's jock with my mouth.  Tears
again formed in my eyes and blurred my vision as I slowly crawled on my knees
towards the smiling Henry.

As I got closer I could see that Henry had already started to rise inside that
leather pouch that he wore.  Henry's smile only made me feel worse so I looked
down at his feet as I made my way closer. 

Finally I was there.  Henry's manhood was throbbing under the pouch and I was
going to have to remove that pouch with my mouth.  But how?  I couldn't see any
way to undo it.  I looked up the straps to where they joined the belt around his
waist but there were no ties or fasteners.  I looked close at the top of the
pouch where the straps were attached but again no way to undo them, and Henry's
cock was throbbing even more.

Then the Master said, "Henry turn around and bend over,  let the Pussyboy pig
see were the buckle for the jock is located".

Henry obligingly turned around and bent over.  He spread his legs and grabbed
his ankles.  There smack dab over top of his asshole was the buckle that undid
the pouch.  To get it undone I would have to practically put my mouth and lips
on Henry's asshole.  I wanted to die right then and there.  How much more
degradation could one man take.

"Come on Pussyboy, get that fucking mouth up there and undo the strap".  the
Master ordered.

Slowly I pushed my mouth forward, towards the buckle.  If you have never tried
to undo a buckle with just your lips and teeth you could not possibly know how
difficult it is, especially when that buckle is resting against another man's
asshole.  Although there is a strong musk scent, the smell is not really  all
that unpleasant but it was not something I wanted to have in my mouth. 

Try as I would there was no way to get that buckle undone without my lips and
tongue touching Henry's hole.  All the while Henry kept moaning in pleasure.

Finally I managed to get the buckle undone.  Henry started to stand up but the
Masters voice halted him.

"Hold on Henry.  Did you like the feel of the Pussyboy pigs tongue on your
rosebud?" he asked.

"Yes sir, it felt divine", Henry replied.

"Well then I think Pussyboy pig should give your ass a good rimming.  Did you
hear that Pussyboy pig,  get that tongue busy and give Henry's asshole a real
good licking.  Make sure that tongue goes right up inside his hole".  he
commanded.

Unable to do anything else I complied.  I licked that hole all around the
outside and worked my way closer and closer to the centre of the opening.  The
feeling of Henry's rosebud against my tongue was actually quite pleasant.  It
was so soft and smooth. 

I couldn't put off the inevitable any longer and started to push my tongue up
Henry's ass.  I got a bit of an unpleasant taste right away, but that taste was
much better than 30 more lashes from that terrible whip.

"That's the way, Pussyboy", I heard young William say.  "Fuck Henry's asshole
with your tongue.  Let's see it going in and out, in and out.  Make sure you get
it in real deep.  Henry will tell us if you don't".

I don't think Henry was even listening to the little prick.  He was moaning and
twitching and forcing his ass back against my face, as my tongue worked it's way
in and out of his hole.  After a while I actually began to enjoy what I was
doing and my cock had risen and was throbbing.  All kinds of emotions were
running through my head.  Maybe the Master was right,  was I really a faggot?

Finally Henry couldn't take anymore.  He wanted his cock in my mouth so he stood
up and turned around.

"Suck it, Pussyboy", he commanded.

By now I was so turned on that I really didn't give a damn, so I took Henry's
6.5 uncut joy stick in my mouth and sucked it for all I was worth.  Never having
had a cock in my mouth before I was unsure exactly what to do.  I didn't even
have the experience of having had my own meat sucked.  I must have been doing
ok, because  Henry just kept on moaning and trying to force that stick down my
throat.

I was amazed at how wonderfully smooth and velvety Henry's cock was.  I really
enjoyed the feeling of it against my lips and tongue.  There really is nothing
else that can even remotely compare to it.  And then there was the taste, just a
little salty but not overly so.  Actually I must admit that I really liked the
taste,  how could I have ever imagined that a cock would taste bad.  

Every once in a while I would get a bit of a taste explosion as Henry would let
off a dribble of precum.  I found myself looking forward to each dribble. 

By now I was really getting into it.  My own need was becoming great,  I  slowly
moved my hand up and grasped my cock and began a slow slide back and forth along
the shaft.  Sensations of pure pleasure were coursing all through my body. 
Every nerve end seemed to be on fire.  I had never had a sexual experience like
this before and I loved it.

So far I only had the head and a bit of the shaft in my stretched mouth, and I
wanted more.  I wanted to feel it in my throat, no that's not true, I needed to
feel it deep in my throat.  An overpowering lust to suck that thing as deep into
my throat as it would go.

So I began pushing it in deeper.  When it got to the back of my throat I began
to gag.  I pulled back slightly, waited a second and then pushed forward again,
slower this time.  When I began to feel the gag reflex coming on I would stop,
wait for it to settle then push forward again.  Then suddenly I realized that I
had the whole of Henry's cock down my throat.  My nose was nuzzled into Henry's
pubic hair.  I then began to fuck my face with Henry's cock.

Henry was moaning and trying to face fuck me.  His hips moving in rhythm with my
mouth.  My hand on my cock moving at the same rhythm, it was heaven.  All the
pain, the humiliation, the degradation, it had been worth it for this wonderful
moment in time.  I twisted my head and my eyes met the eyes of the Master.  Deep
inside I felt my very first spark of love for this man that had done so much too
me in so short a period.

I don't know how I knew but suddenly I could feel that Henry was about to cum. 
My hand picked up the pace on my cock, I wanted to cum at the same time.  Then
it began.   Henry's cock was all the way down my throat when he shot his first
load.   I could feel the hot love juice scald the walls of my throat and at the
same moment I began to spew my load. 

I pulled my face back and the bitter sweet taste of cum filled my mouth.  Henry
was pumping his cum into my face faster than I could swallow.  My mouth filled
and started to overflow, out the sides and down over my chin.  I could feel his
hot seed dripping and running down my chest. 

Finally we were both spent.  I fell back onto the floor and lay there in a haze
of pure ecstasy.  I don't know nor did I care at that particular moment what
Henry was doing.  I was just enjoying the after glow of my first sexual release
with another human being.

The Master let me lay there for a while and enjoy the feelings that he must have
known were racing through my body.  But all good things must come to an end and
the Master spoke.

"Well Pussyboy, I don't think there is any doubt now that you are a faggot.  You
enjoyed that didn't you?"

I looked up at him with grateful, loving eyes and responded with, "Yes Master,
very much, thank you sir".  

"Don't thank me yet Pussyboy, your training is only just beginning.  Just wait
until Henry fucks your ass".

Oh no, I thought he's going to get to fuck my asshole.  This just gets crazier
and crazier.

"Now you have gone and made another mess all over the floor, so get your fucking
mouth down there and clean it up".  he commanded.

"Yes sir", I said and without hesitation I was on the floor licking up the cum I
had squirted all over.  This time I got to taste my own cum without it being
mixed with piss.  It also was bitter sweet, I think much more on the sweet side
then Henry's was.

When I had it all cleaned up I sat back up on my knees waiting for the Masters
next order.

"Now Pussyboy, I hope you realize that I am going to have to increase your
punishment by 5 lashes". he stated. 

I just looked at him dumfounded.  What the fuck did I do to deserve that, I
wondered?  Well I didn't have to wonder for long.

"I did not give you permission to wank your dick.  You were supposed to give
Henry a blowjob and that was all.  You must learn Pussyboy, that you are a
slave, your life is now controlled and you never do anything  without
permission.   I really have no choice but to add on to your punishment,  it is
for your own good.  The sooner you learn your place in this new world, the
happier you will be".

Shit, one minute I'm loving the guy the next I'm hating him.   How can he do
these things.  First let me feel fantastic and then scare the shit out of me. 
So now I was going to have to submit to 35 lashes with that whip.  I just didn't
think that I would be able to survive it.

"It will be soon time for dinner, Pussyboy.  Your training will continue after
dinner. Climb up on the table". 

I guess I must be learning because no sooner had the words left his mouth than I
was up on the table.  He came over to me, reached under the table and brought up
a chain which he fastened and locked to my collar.

"Get some rest, Pussyboy",  he said sadly,  "you won't be able to get much after
your punishment tonight".

With that he and William turned and left the room.  I was all alone with the joy
of  my first sexual encounter still making me feel elated, but also the stirring
of fear from his parting words.  I was extremely tired so I closed my eyes and
soon drifted off into a deep, but troubled sleep.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  elder@fetchmail.com




Chapter 7


I was strapped to a table by a leather belt cinched tightly across my chest.  My
wrists were bound on each side of the table and above my head by leather cuffs
and chain.    There were leather cuffs around each ankle as well, attached to
chains which dropped from the ceiling, that pulled my legs wide apart and lifted
my torso up off the table.  Only the leather belt across my chest kept it from
rising.  It was very uncomfortable and I didn't know how I had gotten into such
a position. 


A big man all dressed in black from head to toe was standing a short ways away
from me.  He slowly turned and all I could make out of his features were his
dark, angry eyes, which peered through round slits in the hood that he wore.  


But what really got my attention was the white hot poker he carried in his
heavily gloved hands.  He walked slowly towards me, the poker held straight out
in front of him like a brilliant white hard on.  It then dawned on me that, that
white hot poker was going to be used on me.  I began to scream and tried to
wiggle my way out of the bonds.  I fought like a mad man but I was so securely
fastened that I could not move at all.  Closer and closer came the poker. 
Although it was in vain I continued to scream and fight my bonds.  But still
that poker came closer and closer.  Slowly, one excruciating inch at a time, his
dark, black, hellish eyes never leaving mine.  Closer and closer.


Sweat was pouring from my face, it got in my eyes and caused them to blur, but I
could still see that poker advancing.  I screamed louder, fought harder, but
still that poker advanced.  Suddenly it became obvious the poker was headed
straight for my asshole.   Oh God help me I screamed, over and over.


As he got closer the poker vanished from my view, but his terrible eyes
continued to eat into mine.   I felt the heat radiating off of this terrible
phallus as it inched towards it's final destination.  Still I screamed and
tugged and pulled, harder and harder.  The harder I tugged and pulled the
tighter the bonds seemed to become.


My asshole was suddenly on fire and that inferno of white hot heat was at the
entrance to my shitter and  was unceremoniously plunged in.............


I awoke screaming,  a burning sensation on my ass and the Master standing there.


"Come, come Pussyboy, I barely touched you.  If you can't handle a little slap
with a bare hand how are you going to fair when the whipping begins?" he asked.


It took a few seconds for me to regain my senses and realize that I had been
having a nightmare.


"I was having a bad dream, sir".  I replied stupidly the sweat still pouring off
me. Thank God it was only a dream, but it seemed so real.


"You really shouldn't be dreaming, Pussyboy", he said, "I don't recall giving
you permission to dream". 


The horror that must have come to my face at this pronouncement caused him to
start laughing uproariously.


When the laughter finally died down he said,  "Don't worry Pussyboy I'm not
going to increase your punishment because you had a dream without permission".


My relief was instantaneous.


"Time for your dinner", he said as he unlocked the lock connecting the chain to
my collar.  "Up you get Pussyboy".


I quickly climbed off the table and stood there in front of him.  He handed me a
black leather belt and ordered me to put it around my waist, which I did right
away.


"Now turn yourself around and place your hands behind your back".


Again I followed his orders right away,  I had 35 lashes with the whip coming
and didn't want anymore.  I would be obeying all his orders very promptly
tonight.  As soon as I was turned around, he placed leather cuffs on my wrists
and then connected them to the back of the belt.  My wrists were effectively
bound behind my back.


"Henry has made you a very nice dinner, Pussyboy.  You have ten minutes to eat
it all up,  it had better be all gone by the time I get back.  It is over there
in the corner where you had your lunch earlier today".  saying that he turned
and left me alone.


I walked over to the corner, on the floor were the same two metal dog dishes
that they fed me out of earlier.  What was in the dishes didn't look much
different either.  I got down on my knees and bent over the bowls.  One
contained cool, clear water.  I slurped up a few wonderful mouthfuls.  I hadn't
realized how thirsty I was.


The other bowl however was not what you could call wonderful.  It contained what
looked like dried dog kibble mixed with some sort of meat and water.  I bent
over and forced myself to take a mouth full.  It didn't taste very good, but it
didn't taste bad either.  Not having a choice I ate the rest of the dog food and
then finished off the water.


When it was gone I got up and walked back to the table.  I wasn't sure whether
it would be alright to sit on the table or whether I was required to stand.  He
had told me that I was never to do anything without permission.  Since he had
not told me I could sit, I figured it would be much safer if I just stood and
waited for his return, which wasn't long.


The door opened and the Master, young William and Henry entered the room.  They
were all still dressed in the funny leather get up they had on earlier.  Henry
walked over to where the dog dishes were, bent down and picked them up.


"The Pussyboy ate and drank all his dinner, sir", he stated and then walked out
of the room with the dishes.


"Did you enjoy your dinner Pussyboy",  he asked.


Again I thought maybe I had better play it safe and answered,  "Yes sir, very
much sir".


Henry reentered the room as the Master responded with, "I knew you would
Pussyboy.  Somehow I just knew you would", and then he began to laugh.  Young
William, the little prick, laughed right along with him.


"I suppose your bladder must be full again and you would like some relief?", he
asked.


"Yes sir", I replied, but I wasn't looking forward to it.  I was sure they were
going to put me back in that fucking cage with the dogs.  The fucking dogs that
got me 30 lashes which were still to be delivered.  The thought of going back in
the cage with the dogs caused my cock to twitch and start to rise.  Oh shit, No!
I thought to myself, this could end up costing me another 30 lashes.  But my
dick didn't listen to my head, it just kept thinking of the dogs and kept right
on rising.


"It looks like pissin' turns the Pussyboy on dad",  the little prick William
said.  "Look, you mention letting him have a piss and he gets a hardon".


"You really are one real sick fuck, Pussyboy", the Master said, shaking his
head.  "You are so very lucky that I found you and have decided to waste my time
training you.  I don't know how in hell you have managed to survive so far with
all the bad habits you have".


He turned to Henry and said,  "Better take him out for a piss Henry, but keep a
close eye on him.  He is so sick he needs constant attention".


"Yes sir", Henry answered as he turned, walked over to that hidden cupboard on
the wall and took out a gold chain leash. 


He walked over to me and clipped the leash to my collar and started for the
door.  I saw the chain begin to tighten and decided that I was supposed to
follow even though no verbal order had been given.  As I followed Henry out the
door I could hear both the Master and his wicked little brat of a kid laughing.


We followed the same route we had taken earlier, down the hall and out into the
yard.  Across the way I could see the kennels which it seemed would be my toilet
from now on.  Henry made a beeline straight for the same dog run he had put me
in before.  When we got there he ordered me to my knees, opened the door of the
run and told me to crawl in.  There was no sign of the dogs as I entered and I
figured I would be able to piss real quick and get the fuck out before they
returned from  whom ever they were tormenting at the moment.


The last time I was in this dog run I was unable to stand up due to the cramps
in my thighs.  This time I was not able to stand because it just was not
possible.  Unlike most dog runs this one was only about 3 foot high and I had to
remain on my knees and bent over at the waist.  My wrists were still bound to
the black belt behind my back.


My hope of having a peaceful piss was short lived.  The moment Henry closed and
locked the run door the two beasts from hell came bounding out of a small doggy
door at the other end of the run.  They both saw me at the same time and then
had a competition to see which one could get to me first. 


I quickly turned and crawled to the fencing.  I stuck my still hard dick through
the fence and pressed my body as tight up against it as I could.  This was no
easy task considering that I was bent over at the waist.  Then tried to begin
pissing.  The dogs arrived at about the same time and began licking my ass, 
which only made my hardon harder.  My bladder was full and I needed to piss but
the erotic feelings the dogs were giving me were making it almost impossible.


Henry, a little perplexed at first about what I was doing came around the side
of the run and saw my erect member sticking through the fencing.   He walked
down to where I was.  I didn't notice that he had something in his hand until I
felt a fearful sting across my dick, which caused me to fall back.  The two dogs
were on my cock like a bat out of hell.  The two tongues licking my throbbing
dick were sending fantastic sensation through my body.  I knew I had to stop
them, but didn't know how I was going to manage it.


Thoughts of another 30 lashes suddenly entered my head and I began to cry and
beg Henry to call off the dogs.  But Henry just stood there with that same none
committed smile on his face, and the dogs just kept right on driving me insane.


I was on my back with my legs under me.  Without the use of my arms and with two
flaming great dogs on top and lust flowing through me like water through a sieve
it took a Herculean effort to get myself turned over.  That got the dogs away
from my cock, but they just went for my ass then.  This was becoming a no win
situation.


Then a brilliant idea struck me.  Bent over as far as possible to prevent the
dogs from getting at my dick, but still being able to maintain balance and move,
I headed for a corner of the run.  When I got there I wedged myself facing into
the corner and got up as high as I could.  With my legs spread slightly the dogs
could still lick my ass but they couldn't get to my dick, got the odd lick
across the balls though.  At the same time my dick was free to piss and Henry
couldn't wack it with his little wand or whatever it was he had hidden in that
hand behind his back.


The pain from the wack Henry had given my dick had caused it to go down quite a
bit and after 2 or 3 minutes of concentration I finally manage to open my
urethra and let my bladder empty.  Henry looked at me and a big smile lit up his
face.


Once I was finished, Henry said his magic words and the dogs retreated.  He
opened the run door and I crawled out.  Had to craw through my own piss, but at
least I wasn't going to get any additional lashes and that made me very happy.


When we returned to the room Henry told me to go stand in the corner.  I obeyed
instantly and stood there quietly while Henry conferred with the Master in very
low tones.   I began to pray that Henry was giving the Master a good report. 


Then Henry called me and I went obediently to him.   Henry removed the chain
from my collar and  unfastened the cuffs from behind my back.  He then removed
the cuffs from my wrists and ankles walked over to the wall and opened a door
that had been invisible until it was opened.  Behind that door was a huge
washroom with sink, shower, sunken whirlpool and a beautiful toilet.  I wondered
if I would ever get to use a toilet again.


Henry motioned me to enter the room.  I walked over and entered. 


"Go to the shower and give yourself a good wash", he instructed. 


"When you are finished dry yourself good, the towels are here", he said pointing
to a linen cupboard on one side of the room. 


"Then come back into the other room.  And Pussyboy, a word of advice, don't be
too long, the Master does not like to be kept waiting".  With that he turned and
left the room closing the door behind him. 


For the first time since I entered the Masters van back in the grocery parking
lot, I was not bound and had at least a little bit of freedom.  Taking Henry at
his word, I quickly headed for the shower.  Everything I needed was there and I
turned the water on to as hot as I could stand.  I took the risk of just
standing there for a few minutes, letting the hot water pour over me and washing
off some of my pains.  But then the vision of that whip and what it had already
felt like spoiled the wonderful feeling of the water.  I grabbed the soap and a
big floppy sponge and began to clean myself.


After rinsing off good, I grabbed a big fluffy towel, dried quickly and headed
back to the other room.  I really didn't want to go, I would have preferred to
get back in that shower and just stand there for the next couple of hours.   But
my fear was greater than my desire.


When I reentered the room all three of them were standing together talking. 
They stopped and turned to watch me.  Even after all that had happened so far I
was still feeling embarrassed being naked in front of them.


"Ah Pussyboy", said the Master with a big smile on his face.  "And how was the
shower?  Did you enjoy it?"


"It was wonderful, Master", I said with true feeling.  "I enjoyed it very much,
thank you sir".


"You earned it Pussyboy".  he said in a matter of fact tone.  "You passed a very
important test this evening.  I honestly thought it would take you two or three
days to figure out how to prevent the dogs from interfering while you relieved
yourself.  So you have proven that although you are incapable of looking after
yourself, you are still a very intelligent man.   I decided that you deserved a
reward and that is why you were permitted to take a shower all by yourself". 


He paused for a moment, looking deep into my eyes to see what my reaction would
be.  I prayed that he could see that I was truly grateful.   That shower had
made me feel wonderful,  I didn't feel as run down and worn out as I had before
it.


"You will find Pussyboy, that although I am a very strict, demanding Master, I
am also very fair and loving.  If you misbehave you will be punished severely,
if you do good you will be well rewarded.  Get yourself back up onto the table".


I quickly climbed back up onto the table, not sure whether to lie down or sit
up, I decided to just sit.  Once I was settled he looked at me and smiled.


"Now it is time to continue with your faggot training.  My son would like to
take your asspussy cherry and I have agreed.  But this is not going to be some
kind of rape,  this is to be done properly.  You must learn to make love with
your partner.  Therefor you and William will have a couple of hours to suck and
fuck each other.  William is a very experienced lover and he will be your first
teacher, so learn well Pussyboy".


"Come with me Pussyboy", William ordered before I had time to even think about
what the Master had just said.


I jumped off the table and followed him out the door and down the hall in the
opposite direction from that which I had taken to go the kennels.  We didn't go
very far before William opened a door and led me into a room that was furnished
just like a normal bedroom.  It had the largest four-poster bed I had ever seen. 
I'll bet six couples could sleep in that bed and never touch each other.


Once I was in the room, William closed the door, put his hands on my shoulders
and looked up into my face.


"I know you don't like me much Pussyboy, but you had better get used to the idea
that I am also your Master",  he said with a very serious look in his eyes.  "I
really don't give a shit whether you like me or not, but if you know what is
good for you, you will obey." he paused for effect then continued, "For the next
couple of hours I am going to introduce you to the only kind of sex you are ever
going to want or need.  By the time we leave this room I guarantee that you will
be wanting to spend the rest of the night with me fucking and sucking".


He removed his hands from my shoulders and walked over to that huge bed.  I just
stood there speechless,  this little prick figured he was so good he would have
me begging for more, well I have news for him.  I am not a foggot and there is
no way I will ever be a faggot, let the little prick put that in his pipe an
smoke it.


"Come on Pussyboy,  get your ass over here and get me undressed", he ordered.


A slave I am, then a slave I will be I thought to myself.  "Yes sir, coming
sir", I said in the same tone of voice I have always heard Henry use.


I hurried over to the young prick and began removing the leather straps.  It
didn't take very long to get to that black pouch which hid the little bastards
dick.  Maybe I would get a chance to.... ah.... accidentally... squeeze the
little pricks nuts.  That thought made me feel better as I removed the pouch.


I still wasn't sure how old the kid was,  but would guess his age to be between
16 and 18.   It was so hard to tell these days.


It was when I removed the pouch that I noticed the kid did not have any body
hair at all, except for his head.   A closer look led me to the suspicion that
he shaved himself regularly.


Once the pouch came off the kids dick began to harden.  At first it seemed like
a rather small, uncut dick , surrounded my two massive nuts.  However once it
began to stiffen I could see that the kid had nothing to be ashamed of. 


"Go ahead touch it, Pussyboy", he said,  as I stood there staring at his rising
dick. 


I brought my hand forward and gently rubbed my fingers across the top of his
young joy stick.  It felt hot and the moment I touched it, it gave a little
bounce and the boy moaned.


"Take it in your mouth and do me like you did Henry, Pussyboy", he said with a 
quickening breath.


The reminder of my little encounter with Henry began my own dick to start
rising.  I moved my face forward and licked the tip of his dick.  By now it had
become quite thick and had grown to a healthy six and a half inches.  A little
sparkling drop of precum glistened at the tip.  The taste reminded me of the
little flavor explosions I got while sucking on Henry.  I licked around the head
and William really began to moan.  I then took the head into my mouth and began
to suck.


"Oh yes, Pussyboy, suck that thing", William gasped between moans.


This served to turn me on even more than I was.  I could feel the adrenaline
pumping through my body and my cock was throbbing like mad.  I wanted badly to
grab it and wank, but remembered that the last time I did that it had cost me 5
more lashes.  To keep my hands away from temptation I brought one up and began
to massage William's balls and with the other I rubbed his soft, smooth, hot
little ass.


This brought an immediate response from William.  


"Oh fuck, Pussyboy that feels soooooooo goooood",  he gasped.


As much as I hated the thought of giving the little prick pleasure, I figured if
it kept me from additional lashes it was worth it.  So I increased my
manipulations of his nuts and ass.   I suddenly remembered that when I was
masturbating it always felt real good to rub a finger over my asshole, so with
that sudden insight I brought a finger down and slid it across the boys hole.


This little action produced the most remarkable response from William.  He gave
a scream of pure delight and started fucking my face trying to ram his cock down
my throat.  I hadn't expected this and when his cock passed the back of my
tongue and headed down my throat I went into gag mode.   It is a  most terrible
feeling and you must experience it to really understand how awful it is.  I
began to feel bile rise from my gullet.  I quickly pulled my head back and
fought back the need to throw-up.


Willie must have realized what had happened because the little prick actually
apologized.


"Oh shit Pussyboy sorry".


Once I got settled down which only took a second or two,  William spoke again.


"Let's lie down and we will do a 69.  If you have never done it before you will
really love it Pussyboy".


He crawled up onto the bed and lay down on his back, I quickly followed and got
myself into position with my cock over his face and his cock bobbing
impatiently, waiting for me to begin my ministrations again. 


I had never been sucked before and the feeling of William's tongue licking
around the head of my dripping dick sent unbelievable sensations driving through
my body and I was overcome with pure lust.    My head dropped down to his cock
and I began to work on it with earnest.


Then I felt another new sensation, William had sucked one of my nuts into his
mouth and was working it round and round.  I could hear a moan of pure ecstasy
escape from my lips as I worked on Willies love stick.  Taking the cue from
William I pulled off his stick and made my way down to his nuts.  I licked the
sack for a few moments, savoring the scent of male musk, a scent I was beginning
to enjoy.   Then I took one of his nuts in my mouth, it felt heavenly.  I worked
it around, rubbing my tongue on top, on the sides and on the bottom.  I could
hear Williams' moans of pleasure mixed with my own as we each others nuts.


When William made his way back to my throbbing dick I returned to his.  I was
feeling like I was not going to be able to last much longer, but this felt so
good I never wanted it to end.   It was beginning to look like the little prick
was right, I was going to enjoy this two hours and want more.  


Once I returned to sucking his love meat I also began fingering his balls and
rubbing his asshole and he reciprocated.   It wasn't so very long after, that I
felt his balls begin to move around in the sack.  I guess I must have
instinctively knew that he was about to cum, and I knew that I was ready and
would any second.


His nuts gave a hell of a jump and he started pumping load after load of his
young seed into my mouth.  It was not quite as bitter as Henry's.  In fact it
was very sweet and I just couldn't get enough of it.  As fast as he pumped I
swallowed. 


Just a fraction of a second after he began to fill my mouth with his seed, I
began to fill his.  The feeling of my seed pumping into that young mouth was the
most fantastic feeling I had ever had up to that moment.  I almost choked on his
seed when I gave a gasp of pure unadulterated  pleasure.  I had never known that
sex could be so good.  We kept on sucking until we had each  pumped our nuts dry
into each others demanding throats.  I then rolled onto my side staring at his
now deflated young dick.  I just lay there, lost in the luxury of the after glow
of a good climax.


When we had finally caught our breath and our systems were almost back to
normal, William raised himself up on one arm and looked down at me.


"Pretty damned good for a beginner Pussyboy.  Come on up here".


Not really wanting to move just yet, I reluctantly obeyed his command and
crawled up beside him.  He was up on one arm, his head resting on his hand.


"Rob I know you are still pissed at me for squeezing your nuts yesterday, but
get over it.  It is my right as your Master to do whatever I like to you
whenever I like, and that's that.  But for the rest of our time together this
evening I am going to even the score and put you on an equal footing.  So from
this moment until my dad knocks on the door, we are equals.  You can say what
you want, when you want and you may call me William or Bill.  Ok?  The only
thing you cannot refuse is to fuck or be fucked"


I was taken aback by this little speech and it took a few moments for it to
register.  When it did I looked at him with a new respect.  He might be a little
prick, but he wasn't all that bad after all.


"Ok", I answered, "but I ain't callin' you William or Bill, I'm gonna call ya
Willie", and  a big smile spread across my face.


He looked at me for a second, then the same smile spread across his and he said, 
"Bastard, I hate that name".


"Good", I replied and grabbed him and started tickling.  We rough housed and
fooled around for a few minutes until we both became real comfortable with each
other.  Then just as suddenly as it started we stopped.  I was on my back and
Willie was on top, our faces were only inches apart.  We looked deeply into each
others eyes and then Willie brought his lips down to mine.  His tongue came out
and I opened my lips to accept his exploring appendage.  This was the one part
of the sex act with which I was very experienced.  I could always get the girls
I dated to kiss and kiss and kiss.


I don't know for how long we kept trying to swallow each others tongues, I only
know that I was aroused again.  We broke and Willie made his way down to my
chest and started teasing my nipples.  First one and then the other.  Another
first, and the feelings were wonderful.  I had played with my nipples while
masturbating but it never, ever felt as good as Willies tongue.


"It is just about time for me to take your cherry Rob, now it can be pretty
painful if your asspussy is not prepared for it so I want you to get up on all
fours.   Then lower your front but keep your ass up and spread your legs.  I
promise to make this as painless as possible, and even if there is some pain at
first it will quickly disappear and you will feel the most wonderful sensations
you have ever felt in your life".


Strange as it may seem, considering all that had gone before in the last day, I
believed him completely.   I turned myself over and raised my ass up and spread
my legs.  Willie moved over to the side of the bed and opened a draw in the
night table.  He removed some items and made his way back to me.  In his hand he
held a small tube, like a toothpaste tube and in his other a big rubber cock.


I gave a little shudder thinking about him shoving that thing up my ass.  
Willie must have seen that momentary flash of fear cross my face.


"Don't worry Rob this thing will slide up your ass with no problem and you will
love it.  Just try to relax and let your sphincter muscle be loose.  I will use
my fingers first to loosen you up a bit and then work the dildo in very slowly. 
If you find it hurts too much just say so and I will pull it out, ok?"


"Yeah, I guess so", I said doubtfully.


Then I felt the cold of the lube Willie used to reduce friction and make entry
easier.   Then that great feeling of his finger rubbing around the outside of my
hole.  He brushed his finger across the hole and it sent shivers up my back.  
He kept rubbing around then across, around then across.  My cock had risen again
and was throbbing with expectation.


Suddenly I felt the intrusion of Willies finger into my nether regions.  It was
totally unexpected so my sphincter was relaxed and his finger slipped right in. 
At first it felt rather uncomfortable, just exactly like when the doctor checked
my ass during a medical last year.


Once I had become accustomed to his finger being inside me Willie began to move
it around and then in and out,  it felt really good.  After a few minutes of
this I felt Willie forcing another finger up.  I could feel this one start up
and must have tensed because Willie had to tell me to relax.  But I was too
tense.  Then he told me to push gently, just like I was going to have a shit.  
I followed his instructions and bingo that second finger just slipped right in.   
He worked that around for a while and then put in a third finger.  He kept
moving them around and pushing in and out.  This continued for a good 5 or 10
minutes. 


Willie pulled out his fingers and then I felt the head of the rubber dildo
against my hole.  I must have tensed up again, because Willie had to tell me to
take a shit, then he giggled.  I must admit it was funny, so again I did as I
was told and I felt that rubber cock slip right up inside.  Willie worked it in
slowly.   He would push it in a little then out a little then in a little more
than out.   It was feeling pretty good, at least my dick thought so.  It was
throbbing and bouncing and spitting precum all over the place.


"How does it feel Rob", he asked.


"Unbelievably good Willie", I answered.  "It just feels unbelievably good".


"Think your ready for the real thing?" he asked.


I only had to think about it for a second before replying,  "yeah Willie, I
think I am ready".


He pulled the dildo out and threw it off the bed.  He picked up the tube of lube
and squirted a little in his hand and rubbed it all over his love stick and
moved into position behind me.  I felt the knob of his meat pushing against my
hole.   He didn't have to tell me again.  I relaxed the sphincter and pushed
gently.  Then I felt his hot dick slide into my ass.  It was much thicker than
the dildo and there was a little bit of pain, but my ass soon adjusted to that
hot piece of boy meat on which I was impaled.


Willie was very experienced and he worked his piece in slowly and gently.  In
and out a little at a time, giving my ass time to adjust.   Finally I could feel
his nuts against my ass and I knew he was all the way in.


"How is it Rob",  he asked,  "are you ready to get fucked, but good".


"Yeah, I guess so",  I whispered  boldly.  "I thought I already was".


Willie just giggled and then began to thrust in and out gently.   Willie was a
superb lover,  every move he made was intended to make me feel wonderful.  As he
made love to my ass he played with my throbbing dick and aching balls.  I had
never felt anything so wonderful and erotic as this in my life.  Willie found my
prostate right away and electric jolts of pure pleasure kept erupting through
all of my being.


After humping me for a while Willie suddenly stopped and pulled his love stick
out of my....ah...well I guess I should call it a pussy now.


"Lye on your back and lift your legs up Rob",  he said.


I quickly did as instructed, I wanted that lovely love stick back in my aching
pussy.  Willie sidled up and entered me again.  My legs now resting on his
shoulders.  He bent over and gave me a kiss, which I returned and the fucking
continued.


It wasn't so very long after that I could feel the need to cum roiling up
through my balls.  Willie gave me a smile and nodded, which I took to mean that
he was ready to cum as well.  Then it began, shot after shot of my hot seed went
flying up and came down on my chest and one load even landed right on my mouth. 
I licked it up quickly.  At the same moment I could feel Willies hot seed enter
my bowels.   Oh my,  what a feeling, as Willie shot load after load and
continued to hump.   It seemed like neither of us were ever going to stop
shooting huge ropes of seed, I know it was only a few seconds but it seemed like
hours at the time.


Full drained and sated, Willie licked his way up from my pubic region to my
chest, licking up all my juice.  When he reached my face our lips met, mouths
opened and I ended up with a mouthful of my own cum.  We spent a little while
exchanging it back and forth,  this was so erotic I could feel a slight stirring
in my loins again already.  Finally we each swallowed half of the cum and fell
back to rest.


We must have lain there for five or ten minutes, not speaking, just listening to
our breathing settling down to normal rhythm.   I turned my head and looked at
Willie, he was lying full on his back with his eyes closed.  I watched the
gentle rise and fall of his chest and thought, "I think I could fall in love
with him". 


But shit, I'm not gay.  I'm straight, I like girls.  I get an instant hard on
just being around them.  But if that's the case how come I was able to get it on
with Willie?  How come I got hard sucking Henry?  I was totally confused.  I
didn't know what the hell I was, maybe the Master was right and I do need to be
controlled.


Willie opened his eyes and looked at me looking at him. 


"How did you enjoy your first ass fuck, Rob", he asked.


"Very much Willie, thanks you are very good", I replied sincerely.  I raised
myself, bent over and gave him a kiss on the lips.


"Very good indeed.", I said again, as I rolled back and lay down.  We were still
looking each other in the eye.  For some reason it suddenly became very
important for me to know how old he was.


"How old are you Willie."


"Would you believe 20, Rob",  he replied.


"20!", I exclaimed.  "But you look so young, I had guessed between 16 and 18,
but was leaning more to middle to late 16".


"Ya, it fools a lot of people.  There are times when it is an advantage, but
others when it's not".  he said in a kind of quiet, sad way.


I didn't think this was a good time to get to personal so decided to keep my
mouth shut.  If he wanted to talk he would.   I somehow got the feeling that
Willie was just as much a slave as it appeared I was going to be.  Could the man
that I only know as the Master turn his own son into a slave?   Which also
raises the question about Henry.  He acts like a butler, but seems to provide
more services than a butler would.  Is Henry also a slave?  So many questions. 


I didn't have time to think anymore, Willies hand grabbed my dick and started to
play with it, at the same time he raised himself and leaned over and stuck his
tongue in my mouth again.


It was my turn to fuck Willies pussy hole and I had me a great time with it. 
Just as before we came together and then just fell back and rested.  I was just
about to ask Willie for the answers to a couple of the questions that had been
bugging me when the knock came at the door.


Willie sat up right away,  looked at me with sad eyes and said, "You are a slave
again Pussyboy.  Get your ass off the bed and go kneel in the corner until you
are called".


Shocked with how quickly he could change I was not as fast as I should have
been.


"Do you want another 5 lashes added to your punishment?  Move it asshole", he
ordered.


I came back to reality real quick and was in the corner and on my knees in a
flash.


"That's better Pussyboy",  he said,  "Henry will be here in a few moments to
take you to the punishment room."  


He gave me another sad look and said, "It is time for your punishment" then left
the room.


To be continued.

(c) Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:   robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com




Chapter 8


Like a little child that has done something naughty I was kneeling in a corner
waiting for Henry to come and escort me to the punishment room.  I cannot tell
you how humiliating it is to be constantly forced to do these things.


A few minutes ago I was making wild,  passionate love with the Masters son.  He
was gentle and loving, kind and considerate.  He had taken me to heights of
sexual pleasure I had never been.  My body and mind still tingled from
stimulated nerve ends I never even knew I had.  Then suddenly at the tap on the 
door it had all come to a crashing halt.   Faster than you could snap your
fingers, Willie reverted back to the prick William, whom I had come to detest.


As my body came down from the sexual high, the fear of the upcoming punishment
took its place.  New sensations of anxiety replaced sensations of pleasure.  The
anxiety soon turned to pure fear as I remembered the pain of that whip cutting
into my flesh.  Thirty-five lashes,  how in the name of heaven was I ever going
to survive thirty-five lashes with that horrible whip?


The fear became so great that I began to shake uncontrollably.  Tears filled my
eyes as I began to cry,  I couldn't help myself.   The last thing I remember was
the room filling with the terrified screams  of someone in mortal fear, then all
went black.


I was swimming in blackness, around me the eerie sounds of slithering and
sliding.  My fear was great but I knew that if I did not continue to swim I
would drown in the blackness.  I did not know where I was going or where I had
been.  I swam on, my arms aching, my body shaking.  I was tired and I wanted a
rest, the terrible sounds of slithering and sliding became louder and louder. 


So tired, oh so tired. 


Must stop for a moment. 


Rest for just a moment. 


As I stopped swimming I could feel myself drifting downward, but I was so tired,
just had to rest.


Suddenly I felt something slimy curl around my right leg.  I tried to shake it
off but it hung on tight.  My fear was so great bile rose in my throat and I
began to spew.   The vomit that spewed from my tortured body sent shockwaves
through to my very being.  It was fluorescent, glowing a bright green.  The
light from my vomit made my terror even greater when I witnessed the horrible
creatures that surrounded me.  My glimpse at the horror was only momentary as
the light from the vomit soon diminished and blinked out.


The shock of the vomit and my surroundings momentarily made me forget the horror
that was slithering up my leg.  I kicked again to try and dislodge it, but it
clung tightly to me.  When I tried to reach for it with my hands I found them to
be tightly secured behind my back.  I was helpless as the slimy horror continued
to travel up my leg.


It slithered slimily past my knee and was winding around my upper thigh.  Any
moment it would be brushing against my cock. 


Just as I expected it to pass between my legs and brush against my jewels on its
upward travel, the horror stopped.  My heart stopped along with it.  Even my
shaking stopped.  The eerie sounds stopped.  For just a fraction of a second
there was nothing.


Then I felt a delicious tickle in that sensitive spot between my balls and
asshole.  Back and forth, round and round.  I could feel my cock begin to
stiffen.  The tickling moved to my nutsack, shit the horror was turning me on. 


The tentacle or whatever it was seemed to stretch out thin and wrapped it's self
completely around my nutsack and tightened.  I could feel it squeeze my balls
and then begin to pull downwards.  I began to panic, thinking the fucking thing
was going to try and pull my nuts off.   As it pulled it tightened and loosened
the grip around my balls and it felt fantastic.  Instead of screaming in panic
and pain, I was moan in ecstasy.


As it continued to pull and release, pull and release it also began to move
again.  However this time as it moved it just kind of slithered around my balls,
continuing to keep its grip and pulling and releasing.   Then I could feel the
tip of the tentacle flicking gently against the base of my throbbing dick.  If
this kept up I would be blowing my hot seed all over the fucking darkness. 


I gave a little giggle at the thought and shouted out loud, "Look out you
motherfucking horrors I'm gonna drown the lot of ya in cum".


The tentacle continued to work it's way up my pulsing shaft, then began to flick
gently across that most sensitive of spots just be low the slit.  All thoughts
of anything but the pleasure of this creature bringing me closer to that magic
moment, left my head.  I moaned and squirmed in pure ecstasy.


Then I could feel the tentacle entering the cum shoot,  oh shit it was going to
go up my cock.  I was in fear but at the same time I was experiencing pleasure
like I had never known.   Farther and farther up my urethra it traveled, it felt
cool against the heat of my throbbing dick.    When it reach what could only be
my bladder it stopped for just a fraction of a second,  then suddenly pulled
almost all the way out instantly. 


The feeling was almost like shooting a wad.  Then just as quickly it pushed all
the way back up, then out, then up again.  The horror was fucking my cock hole
and taking me to heights of physical pleasure I never knew possible. 


Then a whole new feeling enveloped my dick.  It must have brought up another
tentacle, because I could feel it wrapping around the outside of my cock.  It
wrapped itself around three or four times and began to masturbate the outside of
my dick in time with the other tentacle that was fucking the inside. 


I was no longer moaning in pleasure, I was screaming in pleasure.   It picked up
the pace, faster and faster.  I could feel myself reaching that magic high when
the build up of pressure within my nutsack would become so great that it would
shoot forth my love seed with tremendous force down my urethra and out into the
world.


But how would it escape with that thing up my dick?  That thought passed
momentarily through my head but was quickly lost in the pleasure.  My nuts began
to push against the confines of my nutsack still wrapped by that pulling,
pushing, squeezing, releasing tentacle.  Rising higher and higher until they
could hold back no longer and began to release their precious cargo.


I began to shoot great wads of love juice all over the blackness around me as I
screamed in ecstasy. 


I was still screaming and shooting great wads of cum as I came back to the real
world.  Load after load shot forth from my dick around which my hand was firmly
wrapped.  As the final weak wad shot, or should I say dribbled out I became
aware of an audience.


The Master and William were standing there in their skimpy leather outfits, a
wicked smile on their faces.  Henry was kneeling beside me holding a thin metal
rod with a little knob on the end.  He also had a wicked smile on his face as he
stood up and looked down at me.


I, as usual was embarrassed, my face, I'm sure turned beet red.  Shit would this
stuff never end.  But hot damn that was one hell of a dream.  I wouldn't mind a
few more like that.


"Well Pussyboy", the Master began, "we cannot even leave you for a few moments
alone,  you are so sick you just start wanking.  By the way,  I do not remember
giving you permission to touch your dick".


Oh shit I thought, the fucking punishment,  he is going to add to the
punishment.  But I was asleep or something.  Shit I shouldn't be punished for
something I do when I'm asleep.


"Now what do you think I should do about your abominable behavior Pussyboy", he
asked in that dreaded fatherly tone.


"Please Master", I whined as I rolled over and got up on my knees. "I didn't do
it on purpose I was having a terrible nightmare.  Please don't whip me Master I
will do whatever you want, but please don't whip me".  


I was totally terrified again and fell to the floor shaking and crying.


"Stop the fucking crying", he yelled. 


That only terrified me more and then all was blackness again.


When I awoke I was stretched spread eagle from chains in the ceiling and floor. 
The lights were dim and there was a strange smell in the air.  I looked around
as far as I could stretch my neck in each direction, but from what I could see I
was alone.  It was then I noticed why the light was so dim, the room was lit
with candles.  They were spaced about a foot apart, on a ledge about a four foot
off the floor that seemed to go all around the room.  The lighting designed to
instill even more fear.


A door opened behind me and I could hear the shuffle of feet.  The Master
appeared first from my left followed by William.  Henry came around from the
right.


"Ah the wimp Pussyboy is finally awake.  Still shaking, but at least the crying
has stopped.  So you are really afraid of the whip, little wimp Pussyboy".  He
paused for effect.  I was too terrified to say anything.


"That's good Pussyboy, it means that after tonight you will be totally obedient
to your Master.  You will know without doubt that disobedience means the whip
and you will do anything to avoid it.  So you see Pussyboy I am really doing
this for your own good".


I guess my terror had reached a peak because I found that the shaking was easing
up and I was able to comprehend more of what he was saying.   Could it be that
you can only experience fear to a maximum point for just so long and then you
begin to loose it.  The moment of truth was at hand, but instead of passing out
again, I was beginning to calm down.


The Masters looked me straight in the eye and asked, "how did you like your
faggot training this evening?"


I wasn't expecting the question, so was caught off guard and stammered, 
"ah.......ok......Master".


"Just ok?", he questioned.


"Well no sir, it was really good.  I did enjoy it very much, William is a very
good teacher, sir"  I did much better that time.


"Oh it's William now, is it?"  he asked.


I am sure my heart stopped.  I looked at William and could see that he suddenly
had a very worried expression on his face.


"Sorry sir, I meant to say Master William".


"Master William...mmmm...  has a very nice ring don't you think, Willie", he
said looking directly at his son.


Williams face went pink and he began to stammer, "I can explain Sir. I
thought.."


"You thought!" the Master said between clenched teeth, "who the hell told you
that you could think.  I trusted  you to take that slave and teach what I wanted
you to teach him.  Instead you took that wimpy assed, Pussyboy pig and made
fucking love to him.  Worse still you let him make love to you.  Don't you know
you can ruin a perfectly good slave with just a few thoughtless actions?"


"I'm sorry sir, but it seemed to me to be the best way to teach him what you
wanted in the time allowed".  William manfully responded.  "If there had been
more time my approach would have been entirely different".


"Is that so?", the Master asked.


"Yes sir it is", was his bold reply.   William was not going to give an inch
here.


"So you are trying to convince me that you thought that was the best way at the
time and that you have no feelings for this slave?"  he asked.


"No sir, I am not trying to convince you of anything.  I am just stating what
happened and why.  I have no feelings for this slave other than that I want to
train him to be the best slave we have ever had".


The Masters eyes softened and a smile curled his lips.  "Ok, William but a word
to the wise, never ever let a slave be equal to you for any reason at all.  As
it is you are going to have some trouble getting Pussyboy here to really see you
as his Master.  However I think I know how to do that".  The smile on his face
got bigger and he looked directly at me.


"Well Pussyboy, William gave you a real good time a little while ago and he made
a very big mistake with you.  You got very bold with him and forgot your place. 
No matter what anyone says,  you are and always will be a slave.  Taking the
liberty of calling your Master by a silly name like Willie will not be
tolerated.  Now just to prove to you that William really is your Master, he will
administer your punishment, all 40 lashes."


40 lashes, so the bastard did up them and now William will administer them. 
Surely he will not be as hard on me as the Master would have been.   There must
be some feeling in him for me, besides my slavery.  I think William is in love
with me and I know I have strong feelings for him at the moment.  I looked over
at William but his face betrayed not a thing.


"Get the whip William and I want you to give each and every lash everything you
have.  If you get tired then Henry will take over."


"Yes father",  William replied, but he betrayed himself with his voice.  He did
not want to do this.  So he does have feelings for me.


"Pussyboy", William said sternly, "you will count each stroke, thank me for it
and ask for another.  If you loose count, fail to count or thank me or ask for
another, then a stroke will be added for each failure.  Do you understand?"


"Yes sir", I replied in a shaky voice.


He went to the wall and picked up the whip.  He gave the nasty instrument a
couple of practice swings through the air.  It made a loud snap each time and
got my full attention.  William knew how to use this terrible torture device.


He took up a position approximately three feet away on my left.   He was facing
me and I could see pain in his eyes as he lifted the whip up and back.  In a
flash it was whipping towards my unprotected back.  When it landed the pain was
a searing burn that ran from shoulder to shoulder.  I screamed in utter agony. 
This was going to be even worse than I had imagined.  William was going to do
his duty, no matter his personal feelings.  Before I could give the count or
anything else for that matter a second blow landed slightly below the first one. 
Again I screamed.  I was totally lost in a world of pain. 


How could any reasonable human being do this to another?  Again I was so wrapped
up in the pain I did not say anything  and the third blow landed right beneath
the second one.  By now I was gasping for breath between the screams that just
would not stop.  They started way down in the pit of my stomach and traveled all
the way up my throat and through my lips with great force.  My throat was raw
and this was only the third lash.  I would surely be dead long before number 40
landed.


The fourth lash landed and the agony had become so great that I could not stay
conscious any longer.  Just as the scream from that lash exploded from my
parched lips I faded off into blessed blackness.


I awoke to a strong acrid odour.  Henry was standing in front of me waving
something under my nose.


I was back in the land of pain.  My back felt like it was on fire.  Henry
disappeared from sight for a second then reappeared carrying a glass of water
which he brought to my parched lips.


"Don't drink, Pussyboy", he said gently, "just rinse your mouth and let it
dribble out.  If you swallow you will vomit".


I took a dozen sips, savoring the cool water in my dry mouth.  My throat was
burning something wicked as well and I wanted to swallow some of that cooling
water, but I knew Henry was trying to be helpful so I followed his advice. 
Finally Henry moved aside.


The Master stepped forward and looked me in the eye.


"Are you ready for us to begin you punishment yet, Pussyboy?"  he asked.


I looked at him with want must have been total confusion.


"You never counted even one of those strokes, thanked William, or asked for
another.  Now under the rules of this punishment which you stated very clearly
you understood, we must raise the number of lashes which you will receive".


I was stunned.  Oh shit,  I was to get one extra lash for each time I missed a
count, a thank you and asking for another.  I had received four lashes, had not
fulfilled my task therefore I had 12 extra lashes coming.  I looked up at him
with a totally defeated look, then just gave up.  My eyes were open but
unseeing,  my body sagged held up by the chains on my wrists.   I was incapable
of holding myself up any longer.


I don't know what happened after that.  In fact I don't know what happened for
the next twelve hours.  I was completely broken, which of course was what the
Master was aiming for in the first place.  He had to break my will to resist and
he succeeded, almost too well. 


I was of such a mild and submissive nature to begin with that, the long hours of
fear and humiliation prior to the punishment had almost caused permanent
physiological damage.  I had retreated into myself  to hide from the pain.  When
I finally came out of that state twelve hours later, I was a total submissive. 


Now my real training for slavery could begin.




Chapter 9


I was lying on a soft bed, face down.  A bright morning sun was shining through
a window and the curtains were wafting back and forth from a gentle morning
breeze.  I just lay there staring at the curtains not wanting to move everything
seemed so peaceful and cozy.


I felt an itch on my back and started to move an arm to reach behind to scratch,
but that slight movement of the arm was all I managed.  Instead of easing and
itch I let out a scream of agony. 


My back was on fire. 


It all came back with a rush.......the whipping.  I only remember four lashes
and the Master saying they would start over and add twelve more lashes because I
had failed to count.  Then all was blackness.


Did they go ahead and finish the punishment while I was off in never, never
land?


My back felt like it had taken a lot more than just the four lashes I remember.


The door opened quickly and Henry rushed in,  "It's ok Pussyboy",  Henry
soothed,  "just lie very still and it won't hurt so bad.  You are quite
fortunate the Master called off the punishment after twenty lashes.  William had
opened a couple of wounds and the Master decided that you had,  had enough.  Be
sure to thank him for his kindness and mercy when he comes to visit you today.  


I just lay there, looking at him but saying nothing.  Henry walked out of sight
and I heard water running.  He returned carrying a glass of water with a bent
straw.  He lowered it down to my mouth.


"Just sip it slowly, Pussyboy",  he said gently.  "We don't want you getting
sick".


I followed Henry's advice and took gentle sips.  The cold water felt wonderful
on my parched, sore throat.  I must have screamed a lot during the whipping my
throat felt so raw.   When the glass was finally empty Henry pulled it away and
disappeared again.  I could hear him rinse the glass and place it on what
sounded like a sink.


He came back into view a few seconds later.  "I am going give your back another
rub with an antibacterial ointment,  it is going to hurt a little at first, but
I will be as gentle as I can",  he said this in a tone that left no doubt in my
mind that he was truly sorry, but had no choice. 


"The ointment will prevent infection and it helps to speed healing.  By this
evening you should not be experiencing any pain at all, just a kind of dull
ache."


I managed to get a, "thanks Henry", through my soar throat.


Henry was correct of course, the moment he started to rub, my back turned to
fire.  Not as bad as when I had moved, but still some serious pain here.  He had
done my shoulders and was working down to just below the shoulder blades when it
felt as though he had placed a red hot iron on my back.  I let out a terrible
scream.


"Sorry Pussyboy, but that is one of the open wounds and it must have the
ointment applied.   Grab some of the sheet in your teeth and bite down, it might
help some. 


I managed to scrunch up some sheet and get it between my teeth and bit down, at
the same time I grabbed sheet in both fists and locked tight.  Henry must have
been watching because as soon as I bit down on the sheet he began to rub again.


The pain was still incredible, but biting the sheet seemed to dispel some of the
pain.


The other open wound turned out to be on my waist just above my ass crack.  
Henry was very gentle and did his best not to cause me anymore pain then
necessary to achieve his goal.


When he was finished he said, "just relax for a little while Pussyboy and I
shall return shortly with your breakfast". 


I tried to tell him to forget it, I wasn't hungry, I couldn't face the thought
of more dog food, but he had walked away from the bed and I heard a door open
then close, before I could say anything.


I lay there, my back still burning from the application of the ointment,
pondering my fate.  There was one thing that was very clear in my mind.  I could
never go through another whipping so would now do anything to avoid punishment. 
I was a slave and I would obey my Master in all things.  I would be the best
damned slave that I could be.


The door opened and I could hear a small cart being rolled in.    From around
the end of the bed the cart appeared with Henry pushing it.


"Got a real nice light breakfast for you Pussyboy",  he said cheerfully,  "some
nice fresh fruit, a bit of oatmeal and a nice glass of milk.  How does that
sound?


Oh joy of joys, no more bloody dog food.  "Sounds good Henry", I managed to
croak out.


"Throats still dry and sore from the screaming huh?"  he asked.


"Yes", I croaked again.


"Well lets start with the oatmeal and the milk, that will help coat your throat
and make it feel a bit better."


"Ah....Henry", I said,  "I....ah....have to pee".


"Oh shit, how stupid of me", he replied.  "just a moment and I'll get the pan."


He disappeared again and I could hear some rattling coming form another part of
the room.  Then he reappeared holding a stainless steel bedpan.


"Try to lift your back end real slow, just enough for me to get the pan under
you", he instructed.


Very slowly indeed, I brought my legs up raising my ass, trying not to do
anything to disturb the open wounds on my back.  When I was high enough I felt
Henry slip the pan under and I began to pee right away.  My bladder was near to
bursting.  It might be a bit embarrassing to have to piss this way in front of
Henry but it was a damned sight less embarrassing then trying to piss in front
of him with a couple of dogs jumping all over me.


When I was finished Henry removed the pan and  placed it on the floor under the
bed.


"Now lets get some wholesome food into you", he said as he wheeled the cart
over. 


From the cart he took a wine coloured cloth napkin and placed it on the bed
partially under my head to catch anything that might dribble during my feeding.  
Next he brought forth a small white bowl and a spoon.  He brought the bowl up
close to my face, dipped the spoon in and brought forth a spoonful of oatmeal.  
He brought it to my lips, which I opened and cleaned off the spoon.


The sensation that struck my taste buds was heavenly.  The oatmeal had been
flavored with cinnamon, honey and apple.   I played with that spoonful, letting
my tongue swish it around, getting all the flavor onto every taste bud in my
mouth.  Then the swallow.   Oh it felt so good, so soothing sliding slowly down
my aching throat, coating it with the cream of the oatmeal.   I thought how much
alike this oatmeal cream  was to that sweet cream that shot from young Willie's
cock.


I must have been lost in space, cause I suddenly felt the spoon brushing lightly
against my lips and Henry gave a slight, "hurrumph".


I finished up the oatmeal savoring each spoonful.  Henry as usual was correct,
the oatmeal cream made my throat feel much better.


"What would you like now Pussyboy, a drink of milk or some fruit.   I have some
fresh peach slices here as well as apple and pear".


"The peach sounds good Henry, I'd like to try that next."  I said with out the
terrible croaking from earlier.


I ate the peach and then some apple and some pear and finished it all off with
the milk.  I was feeling much better now, even the ache in my back seemed to
have subsided.


"Well you try and go back to sleep, Pussyboy,  it will help your back to heal". 
With that he took his cart and I heard the door open and close.


I was alone again and had a nice warm feeling in my belly.  I just lay there for
a while not really thinking of anything and eventually fell asleep.


To be continued.


This story (c) Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com




Chapter 10

I awoke with a start.  Henry was sitting in a chair just a few feet away from
the bed. 

"How are you feeling Pussyboy", he asked.

"Ah...ok  I guess",  I replied stupidly.

"Does it still hurt to move?" he asked.

I was almost afraid to try moving.  I felt quite comfortable the way I was and
didn't want to start that terrible aching and fire in my back again.   But
overcoming my fear I tried moving an arm carefully.   I brought it up from my
side and over my head with no problems.  Then did the same with the other arm.   

Now really feeling brave I brought them both back even with my shoulders and
tried pushing myself up from the bed.  I got a bit of burning pain just below my
shoulder blades, but nothing like the searing pain of earlier.  I let myself
fall back to the bed.

"Seems to be much better Henry", I said.

"Good, the Master will be pleased",  he said.  "He was amazed at how quickly you
were brought to orgasm".

"What!" I exclaimed in shocked surprise. 

"You started shooting your load right after the 20th stroke and kept screaming,
"harder, harder, more, more".  You started to get hard by the 5th stroke and
were really into the whole thing in no time at all.  The 19th stroke caused the
small opening on your lower back and the 20th opened the small wound on your
shoulders.  That is probably what made you cum with such intensity".

I was totally speechless.   Bullshit.   There is no way on this green earth that
I got off from that whipping.  Shit those first 4 were so painful I passed out. 
How in hell could I possibly have taken 20 more and got my rocks off from it? 
This just didn't make sense.

I sat up, disregarding the little bit of pain and swung my feet over the edge of
the bed.  I felt a little light headed at first but it passed very quickly.

"Look Henry", I said,  "I really appreciate your kindness, you have been doing a
wonderful job of helping me through this.  But I have to tell you that I don't
believe a word you are saying.  There is no way anyone could even get a hard on
while experiencing such pain, never mind getting off".

"Really", Henry said with a smile on his face.  "Wait till you see the video. 
Better still watch this".

He walked over to that cupboard built into the wall and withdrew a whip.  He
lifted it into the air and gave it a crack.  The sound snapped through the air
like a gun shot.  I felt a warm flash go through me from head to toe.

"Uh hummm", he croaked.  "How's your pecker feeling?"

I looked down and at the same time grabbed for my dick.  I couldn't believe it. 
It was hard as stone and had begun to throb.  I looked at Henry, my face turning
pink.   Could I really have sunk so low that I now get hardons just from the
snapping of a whip.  Where in hell was I headed?

"Oh don't feel embarrassed Pussyboy, believe it or not your reaction is normal
for a real submissive.  You love to be dominated and punished.  It really turns
you on.  You just never knew it before.  Part of your training is to help us
find and awaken all of the little things that turn you on".

The door opened.  Presumably the same door that Henry had been using, but which
I could not see when I was lying down.  I looked over my shoulder and could see
the door directly behind me.  It opened completely and William entered.  He was
dressed in a black tank top and tight black shorts.  What a sight, my dick which
had begun to wilt suddenly was standing at attention again.

William entered, closed the door and then came over to the bed.

"How are you feeling, Pussyboy", he asked concern written all over his beautiful
face.

"I am fine, sir.  Just fine.  Only a dull ache  left. " I replied.

"That's good", he said relief visible in his eyes.  "I had begun to tire by the
19th and my aim was off just a little.  It was not my intention to open the skin
so I must apologize for loosing control".

"I understand Master",  I said, using the formal title of respect just to see
how William would react.  "They are only small wounds and will heal quickly".

There was a little flash of hurt in his eyes  from the formal address, but he
quickly recovered.  So the little prick was in love with me.   Well it was
mutual.  I was in love with him, but this was going to pose some serious
problems with his father,  my Master.     I suddenly felt a flash of fear go
through me as I thought of how I could be on the end of a very painful stick if
the Master didn't like his son being in love with a slave.

"What's this?", asked William in mock horror as he grabbed my throbbing member. 
"I think the Pussyboy is in heat Henry.   What do you think?"

"Well sir", Henry replied with a smile curling his lips, "It sure looks like it. 
Now I wonder what we should do with a new slave that just happens to be in
heat?"

"mmmmmmm",  mumbled William as he raised a finger to his chin.  "Let me think. 
Now what would father do in the same situation".  he paused and at the same time
was looking into my eyes with a bemused smile, while his hand gently stroked my
throbbing shaft.

"Ah.... I know", he said,  "Henry I think the Pussyboy is in need of the
expertise of your wonderful lips".

"Yes sir, right away sir", said Henry smiling like a little school boy.

He was down between my legs in a flash, his beautiful lips curled around my
shaft.  I was looking down watching Henry as he took my dick in his warm mouth.  
It felt so good, I lifted my head in a moan and then noticed that William had
shucked his shorts and was standing over top of Henry,  his legs spread wide and
his cock just a bouncing.

"Now look at that Pussyboy, you have gone and gave me one of those things as
well.  Now what are you going to do about it?"  he asked.

I didn't say a word, just  leaned forward and started licking his warm, soft
dick head.  I could see a little drop of precum form at the slit and quickly
licked that delicious little drop of nectar into my longing mouth.  William
moaned as I continued to lick around his cock head.  I brought my hand up and
started to massage his walnut sized nuts.  Gently needing and pulling on them.  
The more I worked them the more turned on he became.  My lips were now moving up
and down the outside of his shaft and as they moved along my tongue flicked out
and licked gently sending thrills through his engorged member.

Meanwhile, Henry had one of my nuts in his hot mouth, shifting it around,
rubbing his tongue all around it.  He had one hand wrapped around my shaft
gently, slowly wanking it.  I was in heaven, floating along on a cloud of pure
pleasure, oh shit this slavery thing sure had some great rewards.

I had moved my mouth down to Williams left nut and had just taken it in my mouth
when a shudder of pure ecstasy traveled from my anus to my brain and back.   I
let out one huge moan of pleasure, the vibrations of which must have felt really
great to William as it transferred from my throat and mouth to his nut.  Because
before I got my moan finished he had begun one as well. 

Not to be out done by Henry at the giving pleasure business,  I placed one hand
around Williams shaft and wanked gently.  Now I brought up a finger and placed
it at his slit, coating it with his precum.   When I felt It was wet enough, I
first took his other nut in my mouth then moved the wet finger to his pussy.   I
sucked on the nut for a few seconds, then began to rub his anus with the wet
finger.  William was in instant ecstasy, I could feeling it as the nut in my
mouth gave a little jump.  For some reason I found this funny and began to
laugh.  So now William had me wanking his dick, with a nut in my mouth being
stimulated by my tongue and laughter and a finger swishing around his pussy
hole.   William wasn't moaning anymore.  He was screaming now.

I spit out Williams nut and took the head of his cock in my mouth and began to
take it deep into my throat.  I worked it carefully down my throat.   Oh, it
felt so good to have that soft, warm, velvety dick in my mouth.  The taste of
it, the smell, the feel.  It was glorious.  Once I had worked the whole shaft
down my throat, I stopped for just a second to savor the feeling.   Then I
pulled back and began to fuck my face on Williams hard, throbbing cock.  Slowly
at first, then picking up the pace.

Henry was working away on my cock and I was getting real close to that final
moment when the stars would sparkle, the fireworks explode and all the cares of
the world would disappear for a few moments in wondrous time.

I wanted desperately for William to cum at the same time so I picked up the
pace, massaged his balls a little faster, more urgently, and started pushing my
finger up his pussy.   My actions were rewarded as I felt Williams nuts begin to
shift around in their sack.

William began to scream, "Suck it Rob, suck it.  Oh fuck I'm gonna fill ya with
cream".

Henry hearing this brought me up and I could feel my balls rise and prepare to
shoot.  William began first and I followed a split second later.   He filled my
mouth and throat with shot after shot of hot boy seed.  I swallowed as fast as I
could but there was so much it began to build up and some started to escape from
between my lips and Williams still pulsing, face fucking cock.

My own cock was unloading rope after rope of my own seed into Henry's eager
sucking mouth.  Henry and I kept sucking until we had sucked our respective
cocks dry.  William pulled his now flaccid dick out of my mouth and Henry sat
back, with a satisfied smile on his face.

Oh man did I feel good.  I was luxuriating in that wonderful after glow feeling
when I happened to notice Henry just sitting there looking at me.   Henry.  
Hey, I thought,  this ain't fair.  We gotta do something for Henry. 

William had stood back a bit and was still getting his breathing back under
control.   I got up off the bed and moved down onto the floor beside Henry.

"Lay back Henry", I said timidly, "It's your turn".

Henry didn't need any further invitation.  He lay back and I began to pull down
his light trousers which had an elastic waist band.  As the waist band passed
over Henry's pubic area his big cock bounced up.   Henry did not wear underwear. 
I then moved down to his feet and grabbed a trouser leg in each hand and pulled. 
Henry's trousers just slipped right off.  Before I could get back up to Henry's
dick, William was there.

There we were,  young William on one side and I on the other.  Our heads low and
Henry's big six and a halfer between us.   Without a word, but a big smile on
each of our lips, we moved in and began licking Henry's shaft.

William and I must have had the same thing on our minds, because the next thing
I know we are both trying to get one of Henry's balls into our mouths.

It's a good thing Henry had low hangers or it might have been very unpleasant
for him.   Once we each had a nut in our mouths we brought our faces together
and tried to kiss.

Now I have to ask, have you ever tried to kiss another guy when you both have a
nut from a third party in your mouths?   Well now it is an experience you just
don't want to miss.    We brought our mouths together, well the parts that were
not blocked by Henry's nut sack.  Then tried to get our tongues around Henry's
huge nuts.  I don't know how Henry felt about it, but it sure as hell was
exotic.   My dick was just a throbbing again.  

Well William and I were having such a good time at this little game that we
forgot all about poor old Henry, until we heard him growl.

"If you two don't mind, I have a cock that needs attention".

William beat me to it, he spit out the nut he was sucking away on and grabbed
Henry's cockhead before I could even think about doing it.  So while William
sucked cockhead I worked my way to that very sensitive area between the nuts and
the anus and began to lick.  Henry was moaning his appreciation for us attending
to our duty.

As I licked I got a whiff of that musky odour I had yesterday when I removed
Henry's G string.  I found the odour intoxicating and it drew me nearer the
source.   Without thinking at all I was rimming Henry's asshole.  Could this be
real?   Was I really voluntarily licking another man's asshole?  But even worse,
I was enjoying it.  A lot of emotion was battling away in my head.

Just two days ago I was a heterosexual male going about my normal routine in
life.   I loved girls and had dates regularly.  Ok, maybe I had struck out, over
and over, trying to get a girl into my bed,  but I still loved girls and would
never have even considered trying to make love to a male.

So what was I doing?  Well, I had let two dogs bring me off and had sucked the
cocks of two different men and loved it.   Fucked another man up the ass and
been fucked up the ass and again loved it and wanted more.  And now here I was
licking another man's asshole.  What does that make me?  A queer? A sick'o? 
Some kind of pervert?

These thoughts were beginning to make my head hurt so I pushed them aside and
concentrated on making Henry feel good.

By this time, without even realizing it my tongue was working it's way in and
out of Henry's pussyhole.  My left hand was busy massaging Henry's balls and I
could feel them begin to tighten preparatory to releasing their load, of which I
wanted my share.  I let go of his balls and brought a finger to my mouth and
worked it between my lips and tongue which was moving in and out of Henry's
hole.   When I felt it was wet enough I pulled my tongue out and replaced it
with my finger.

I moved up next to William.   He had Henry's massive organ deep in his throat
and was busy fucking his face with it.

"Sir," I asked as humbly as I knew how.  "Henry is ready to blow.   May I share
his nectar with you?" 
William shifted his eyes to me and I could see a yes there.   While my finger
continued to work his pussyhole I shifted myself up a bit and took his right
nipple between my lips and gently stroked the tip with my hot tongue.   Henry
was moaning in pleasure.

Then I heard Henry gasp and knew he was about to cum.   I sucked his nipple deep
into my mouth and worked my tongue over it feverishly.  Then Henry hit release.  

He began to shout out, "oh yes, oh yes, do it sir, do it.  Suck me dry".

I could see William swallow Henry's love juice as it filled his mouth and
thought that William was going to keep it all for himself.   I felt a momentary
sadness go through me at this thought.  Then William pulled back and Henry's
cock was free and shooting rope after rope of burning hot man juice into the
air.   William grabbed the ejaculating cock and wanked it as he aimed it for me. 
A large gob of hot seed struck me on the face.  More began to land on Henry's
chest and rippling abs.

I let go of Henry's tit and began licking up the hot seed.   Oh man it was good. 
I just couldn't get enough of it and Henry obliged by continuing to shoot it
out.  How much cum could one may shoot at one sitting?

William had joined me licking the cum up as soon as it landed.  Finally Henry's
nuts were empty and that wonderful fountain of cream dried up.   William and I
greedily searched all over for any remaining traces of Henry's nectar.  I was
busy licking out Henry's belly button hole when I felt warm lips engulf my still
throbbing rod.

William was down between my legs and was forcing his back end up towards me.  
His own pulsing shaft just begging for attention.

"Sorry Henry", I said sadly,  "but my Master needs me",  I moved off of Henry
and planted my mouth around Williams Shaft.   I was sure glad William was on the
bottom.  I don't think my back could have taken lying on that floor.

William and I were taking our time, really enjoying ourselves.  I felt a hand on
my ass and then a finger massaging my hole.   I thought is was Henry returning
the favor and so just concentrated on Williams hot cock.

Then I felt the incredible sensation of a hot tongue rimming my hole, oh shit,
it felt so good.  The tongue then worked it's way into my ass and began to
tongue fuck me.  So this is what Henry was experiencing when I was doing it to
him.  No wonder he was moaning so loud,  this had to be the most incredible
feeling I had every felt.

Then the tongue pulled out and I wanted to scream,  "put it back, oh please put
it back".   Instead I just felt an incredible let down.   But that only lasted
for a second, because then a finger was working it's way up my hole.  I relaxed
my sphincter and it slipped right in.   It felt good, not as good as the tongue,
but good.  It worked its way around and in and out.  After awhile I felt another
finger being forced up with the first, again I relaxed my sphincter and it
slipped in with no problem.   Now the two fingers were working around inside of
me and it was feeling really good.

Then a third and forth finger were in and working around.  I knew where this was
leading, Henry was going to try sticking that massive dick of his up my ass.   I
didn't really believe that I would be able to take it, but I didn't try to
protest, I just kept sucking away on Williams dick.

When the fingers were pulled out, I knew I was about to feel a big dick being
shoved up my hole.  I took in a couple of deep breaths and tried to relax, but
it was difficult I was a little worried about that dick.

Then I felt the hot head of the cock against my pussy.  I knew that if I didn't
relax this was going to hurt, so summoning up all my will power I forced myself
to relax.   When I felt that head moving in, I gently pushed out and the head
popped right in.  Oh it was filling.   My ass had never taken anything so large
before, but it wasn't uncomfortable at all.

Then the cock was pushed in a little further and it felt just wonderful.  It
just kept on pushing in until I felt the balls against my ass.   I had that
whole massive cock up my ass and it felt wonderful. 

"Ok, Pussyboy",  the voice of my Master said,  "time for you to have a real
fuck".

I was stunned.  It wasn't Henry who had mounted me, it was the Master.   I had
not even heard him come in.  Then he began to ride me.  He used slow, long
gentle strokes at first.  The feeling of his cock moving along the membranes of
my interior was thrilling.   Then he picked up speed and William and I picked up
his rhythm as we sucked away. 

I was a little disappointed though.   The Master seemed unable to find that
magic spot, my prostate, that William had found right away.   I mean I am not
complaining, it was feeling really good, but it didn't feel anyway near as good
as when William brushed his cock against my prostate.

"So how do you like being fucked by a real man, Pussyboy", he taunted.  "You
like the feel of a big dick up your tight little pussy, don't you?"  he never
gave me time to reply he just kept right on,  "bet you want me to hit your joy
button, huh?  Well, I will but in good time, Pussyboy, all in good time. 
Remember you are here to please me, not me to please you".

Well Master, I thought to myself I will do everything in my power to please you,
but please shut the fuck up and hit that prostate. 

The Master continued to hump me for a while, constantly changing his attack.  He
would go from a series of short quick jabs to long leisurely deep strokes.   But
all the while completely missing the prostate.   It was so good but I longed for
that spark of pure pleasure to ignite a fire in my bowels.  

"I don't think you are ready for this Pussyboy, but here goes." the Master
gasped.

At that same moment he pushed and rubbed his cock against my prostate.   The
feeling was so fantastic that I could not hold back a howl of pleasure.   It
must have come out pretty weird 'cause I had Williams cock deep in my throat at
the time.

Then the Master started a series of strokes specifically aimed at massaging my
prostate.  I was moaning and crying and pushing my ass up to meet his thrusts at
the same time sucking wildly on Williams cock.  This had to be the height of
pleasure.  Could one person experience pleasure any greater?  I didn't think so
at the time,  but my experiences with pleasure were just beginning.

I just couldn't hold back any longer.  The constant rubbing of my prostate
started my balls to jiggling in their warm little sack.   My hot seed bubbling
and around inside, waiting impatiently for that magic moment of release.

The Master sensed my condition and increased his pace, banging his heavy balls
against my back side so hard I was finding it difficult to keep Williams dick in
my mouth.  Then I heard the Master give a moan and knew he was about to unload
his hot juices deep within my bowels.   At the same time I could feel my own
juices getting ready for that final ride down the urethra and into the eager
young mouth of William.

The Master began to shoot his load up my ass, a fraction of a second later I
began to shoot mine down Williams throat.  Almost at the same time William
started shooting his load into my mouth as I fought desperately to keep from
having his dick ripped from my throat by the wild thrusts of his father.

I was doing my best to catch and swallow every last ounce of Williams wonderful
seed, but he was shooting faster than I could swallow and some was escaping
through the sides of my lips.  It dripped down in large white gobs, landing on
Williams pubic bone, and was starting to trickle down towards his balls.

When the Master had finally shot his nuts dry he pulled out and it made a kind
of slurping sound, which I found to be very funny and started to giggle.

"What the fuck are you giggling about fuckface",  the Master growled.

I stopped the giggling and continued to lick up the cum from Williams pubic bone
and from down between the cracks leading to his balls and then just for good
measure licked around his balls.   When I was finished I sat up and waited for
the Master to give further orders.

The Master and gone over to the bed and was sitting on the edge.  It was then
that I noticed that Henry was lying on the bed and had his eyes closed.  William
looked like he had gone to sleep on the floor.  We all just sat or lay quietly
for quite some time.

The Master finally broke the silence.

"Well Pussyboy, I think it's time we took you out for a little outing".

An outing?  I hope he doesn't mean the kennels again.   Just what I need,
another go round with those fucking dogs.  Shit.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excited.com    or    elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and nonconsenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condon or subscribe to the behaviour discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com    or    elder@fetchmail.com

Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 11

Preparation for an outing.

An outing.  The Master had just said he thought I should go on an outing, but
just exactly what does an outing mean? 

Another trip to the kennels? 

Another round with those damned dogs?

Or was this going to turn out to be one of those things where being back with
the dogs would be infinitely more preferable.

"Wake up Henry", the Master commanded, "time to get the Pussyboy ready for his
first outing".

"Yes sir, right away sir", said Henry.

Henry jumped up off the bed and went over to the cupboard again.    Opening a
bottom door he rolled out a small cart.   Some things from an upper cupboard
were taken out and placed on the cart.  Calling for me to follow, Henry rolled
the cart into that big bathroom.  The Master followed close behind.

"Well boy, you have way too much body hair", the Master stated.  "A good slave
should be bald and Henry is going help you to be a good slave by shaving you.  
All body hair except for your head will be removed.  Do you have any problem
with that?"  he asked, giving me that cold stare.

"No Master", I replied.   Well what the hell else could I say, it was going to
come off whether I liked it or not and I certainly did not.  If I complained he
would probably punish me so best to go along with whatever he wanted. 

But why remove my body hair?  That didn't make much sense.   Then I remembered
that William had no body hair.   Was William a slave?  

Henry, on the other hand, who always differed to the Master,  was one big bear
of a man.   He had more hair than your average dog,  well a slight exageration
but he was very hairy.  So  what was the real reason for the hair removal. 
Probably just to cause me more humiliation, the Master seemed to just love
humiliating me.

"Just as good boy,  because it is coming off anyway".  With that he turned to
Henry and said, "do it Henry and let me know when you have him ready to go. 
Dress him in outfit number two with harness set number 4".

"Yes sir," Henry replied.

The Master then turned and called to William, who had been strangely quiet and
out of sight during this little part of the game.  William followed and they
both left the room.


Henry wheeled the cart over to the shower.  "Get yourself in Pussyboy and get
wet". 

I did as ordered and stood there under the hot water, just enjoying.  When I was
good and wet Henry had me move out from under the spray and turn to face him. 
He picked up a shaving cup and brush from the cart,  dipped the brush into the
cup and swished it around.  He brought it out and started applying shaving cream
to my entire chest.

Now I did not have a lot of chest hair, but was very proud of the little I had. 
It was a real blow to my male pride to have that hair taken away.  However I
just closed my eyes and tried not to think about it.  But of course that was
impossible.  The feel of the safety razor scraping across my chest began to feel
very erotic and I could feel my dick begining to harden.

Shit, Henry had said one of the goals of the training program was to find out
what turned me on.  Well it looked like Henry had something else to add to his
little report, at least I presumed he had to make a report.

 Henry worked fairly quickly.   In no time at all he had my entire chest
denuded.    Then Henry began on my right underarm.  

"Ah Henry, do you really have to remove that".  I whined.

"You heard the Master, all hair except for your head.  Don't know why you are
complaining.  From the looks of your dick you are really enjoying this".  he
said with a smile.

Ya right, I am really enjoying this, I thought.   But damn it to hell, he was
right.  I was enjoying it.  I didn't really want it and it was humiliating to
have another man shaving me completely without my ok, but at the same time it
was one hell of a turn on.

In just a few minutes both arm pits were completely nude.  It felt strange to
have the cool air in the shower pushing against my denuded pits.

Next to go was that beautiful upside down triangle of hair that started just
above my navel and branched out to the sides as it passed over my button, down
and across the pubic bone wrapping around my dick.  Although my dick was
bouncing and throbbing like crazy from the erotic feelings of being denuded, a
small tear dropped from my eye at the loss of my manly hair.  

When he was finished with that he said,  "Lift your dick up and hold it against
your abs and don't play with it.  The Master will be very angry if you do and
even angrier if you were to cum without permission."

I grabbed hold of my shaft and pulled it up tight against my abs.   I held it
there, but it was difficult not to at least gently rub it.   But I knew the
consequences of making the Master angry so just held it tight against my abdomen
and gritted my teeth.

Henry then quickly removed all the hair from my balls.   It was a bit of a
ticklish feeling and also very erotic.  My dick was throbbing under my hand
demanding relief, but I just held still.

When he finished with my nuts he had me get back under the shower and rinse off
good.   It was then back out from under the water and stand still while he
inspected all the areas completed so far.  He found a few missed hairs and
quickly got rid of them.

"Ok Pussyboy, turn around, bend over and grab that safety bar.   Now spread your
legs wide".

The safety bar was almost on the floor, I would guess not more than 8 inches up
off the floor.  I grabbed the bar and then spread my legs as ordered.   Henry
didn't waste any time.  I felt the most fantastic feeling all around my
asspussy.   He was lathering it up real good and driving me crazy.  My breathing
became extremely laboured.  Shit I wasn't going to have to wank my dick, these
sensations were going to drive me to the magic summit.

But before that could happen Henry had enough shaving cream on my ass and began
shaving.  While he shaved my ass he started applying cream to the upper thighs. 
When finished with the ass he just moved right on down each thigh.   A quick
application of cream to the calves and they also were denuded in quick order. 

He then ordered me to stand up and turn around.   An application of cream down
the front of both legs, a quick swish with his razor and my legs were now nude.

He told me to get back under the shower and rinse, which I did thankfully.

"All that is left is your arms Pussyboy and you will do those yourself.  Good
practice becuase you will have to check yourself every morning and make sure you
shave off any hair that grows in during the night.  The Master wants you nude so
take my advice and keep yourself nude".

He handed me the brush and held out the mug.  I lathered up the brush and began
lathering my right arm.  When it was well lathered I handed him the brush and he
gave me the razor. 

It didn't take long before both arms were denuded.  Back under the shower, I
used shampoo to wash my hair and then a good rinse and the hair removal exercise
was completed.  It was a strange, but very nice feeling drying down with the
towel.

Surprisingly my dick had settled down during the shower.  It was still oozing
precum, but it wasn't hard and throbbing.   I took the wash cloth and gave it a
good clean off.  My balls were a little tender, they wanted release, but I guess
that was going to have to wait until the Master decided to permit it.

Back in the bedroom, Henry went to the cupboard and pulled out a box, about the
size of a shoe box.  He brought it to the bed and opened it.  Inside I could see
some kind of black leather belt thing.  

He had me stand in front of him with my legs slightly spread.  The thing turned
out to be some kind of leather harness.  He first placed a black belt about an
inch and a half wide around my waist and pulled it tight.  Then took another
leather belt or strap out, this one had  a ring about half way along its length. 
Kneeling down infront of me, he lifted my balls and slid them through the ring. 
My dick followed right behind.  It was a very snug fit and I could feel my dick
begining to rise again.

Henry took the front end of the strap and attached it to the belt around my
waist.  The bottom end of the strap was pushed between my legs and up my back,
attaching to the waist belt.  He snugged both ends up until I could feel a
pressure but was not uncomfortable.

Next out was a whole conglomeration of straps which seemed to be attached
together.  He had me stretch my arms out straight in front of me.  Then placed
the harness on me, kind of like putting on an invisible vest that had the
opening in the back.  He went around behind and quickly fastend the straps
together and again snugged them up so they were tight but not uncomfortable. 

Coming around front he grabbed the one strap that was hanging down the middle
and fastened it to the belt.  Next he placed a finger in behind the straps at
various points checking the fit.  A few adjustments and he declared the harness
satisfactory.

Henry put the lid back on the box and placed the box back in the cupboard.  He
moved over and opened another larger door and pulled out a black outfit.    He
brought it over and laid it on the bed.

From the pocket of what looked like a leather vest he pulled a strange looking
disk,  it kinda looked a bit like a small childs spining top.  

"Ever seen one of these before Pussyboy?" he asked.

"No Henry I havn't though it does look like a kid's top".

"Well it sure as hell ain't no top Pussyboy", he laughed.  "It is a butt plug. 
You will have to wear it during our outing today.  I don't think you are going
to like it much, at least at first.    But the Master wants you to wear it and
wear it you will.  So bend over the bed and spread you legs.   I will place a
little lub on it to make it go in easier, be sure to relax your annus and gently
try to shit."

I did as ordered and could feel Henry undoing the strap that went up my ass
crack.  He rubbed some lub on my hole and soon I was the proud owner of a butt
plug.   He refastened the strap and snugged it up.   My dick of course was
throbbing like mad.

Well Henry was right, I didn't much like it.  It was uncomfortable and I felt
like I had to shit.  I sure hope he is right and I get used to it, I wouldn't
want this feeling for very long.  It was like having a big load that needed
dumping.

From another pocket in the vest he pulled a jock very similar to the ones he and
the others wore yesterday.  It consisted of a leather pouch for the cock and
balls, attached to an elastic type waist band with a strap that went from the
bottom of the jock to the back of the waist band.  This one was one piece unlike
the one Henry wore yesterday.  I found out later that it was called a thong.

Henry handed it to me and I put it on.  It was a pretty good fit,  my hard dick
was pushed up and the head was sticking out the top of the pouch.  It was not
very comfortable with the elastic waist band of the thong pulling it in tight
against the leather strap from the cockring.  I felt rediculous, but what the
hell could I do.

Next Henry handed me a pair of leather pants, but they had no crotch.   I gave
him a strange look but all he did was smile.   It took a considerable amount of
effort to get myself into these, ah.....well.....I don't know what the hell to
call them, so I will use the term pants, but be warned I am using the term
loosely.  They were very tight and I really had to pull hard to get them on. 
The crotch was open but only at the front and I could feel the warm leather
pulling tightly agains my ass.  My poor dick  with it's purple head being choked
by the elastic of the thong just kept on throbbing and dripping precum.

Henry then lifted up the vest.  Again black leather, it was soft and smooth and
smelt heavenly.  It also was a very tight fit and was open from the neck down
across my entire chest and came together just above my navel, where it fastened
with two small leather straps.  It also had other fasteners and Henry spent a
few minutes fastening the vest to the.....ah.....pants.  The arms of course were
sleeveless.

Henry had me sit down on the bed and went back to the cupboard.  He returned a
few seconds later with a pair of knee high boots.  He had me raise each leg one
at a time and forced the boots on, again they were a tight fit.  When I went to
stand up I found out that these boots had very high heels.  They had to be at
least 4 inches.   I had never experienced foot wear like this before and it took
a few seconds for me to get a good balance.

Henry had me follow him over to the cupboard from which he had removed this
outfit.  He opened the door wide and on the inside of the door was a full length
mirror.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing.   This really sexy dude all done
up in black leather, my poor old cock was just a throbbing.   I had never seen
one, but I had the very distinct impression that what I was looking at was a
male prostitute. 

Now just where did the Master intend on taking me for my, uh.......outing?

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and nonconsenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condon or subscribe to the behaviour discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com


Road to Slavery, Road to Live

By Rob

Chapter 12

The Club

While we waited for the Master to return, Henry had me walking around the room. 
He demonstrated a few modeling poses and had me perform them.   He told me that
if I used these verious poses and methods of walking at just the right moments
during the outing the Master would be very pleased with me.

Now was he telling me that the Master expected me to know exactly which of these
poses or suggestive walks to use at exactly the right time or was he just being
kind and trying to help me impress the Master?   What  if I didn't use these
things at the right moment and how would I know which to use at which moment? 
If I fucked this thing up, would the Master be angry and punish me?    Damn
there was so much happening and I was so bloody confused.  

Well I didn't have long to dwell on it, the Master opened the door and said,
"Come on, lets go".

I headed for the door and as I passed through I looked into the eyes of William. 
He was standing just outside the door and he gave me a very sad look.  I turned
left and followed the Master, Henry was right behind me and I assumed William
was bringing up the rear.

We went down a number of different hallways, geesh a guy could get lost in this
place without even trying, and eventually ended up in the hallway through which
I had entered this place.   The Master opened the door and we all followed him
out.  The sun was just setting above the tree tops.  There were a few cumulus 
clouds and their bottoms were streaked with gold.   What a wonderful sight to
greet me on my first time out since I became a slave.

The same van, well I assumed it was the same van was parked at the bottom of the
steps.   Henry stepped around and opened the sliding side door and indicated I
was to get in.   There were two seats in the back this time, just like a normal
van, one on each side.  I scrambled over to the far seat.  Henry climbed in and
sat in the seat by the door.

The Master entered the passenger side front and William took up the driving
position.   I was sitting directly behind William and could see his eyes looking
at me in the inside rearview mirror.  Again the eyes seemed to have a sad look
about them.   I wondered it maybe William and his father had, had words about
me.  Well there may have been words but I suspect they were all from the father, 
William was definitely not happy.

Once we were all seated and belted in William started the van and headed out
that long driveway.   The Master began talking, giving me instructions so I did
not get to see where we were going.

"Tonight there will be times when you will be on your own Pussyboy", he began in
that fatherly tone that I had come to drea.  "Now if you are so inclined you
will have ample opportunity to run away.  It is possible that you may still want
to try  going back to your old life,  but let me caution you.   First you have
no job, I have taken steps to make sure your old employer would never hire you
back.   You have no apartment, no place to live.   You have no money or credit
cards, your bank account was closed out and credit cards returned.   All
outstanding debts were paid off."

He paused for a moment to let that all sink in, then began again, "Now if that
should not be enough to deter you remember how you are dressed.   Where would
you go dressed like that?" a pause for effect.

"Who would take you in?" another pause.

"Who would even trust you? and yet another pause.

"In fact it is even possible you could get picked up by the police and I am sure
they would find something to charge you with.   There are many of them that
would just  love to get hold of a guy dressed as you are.   You wouldn't like
what they would do to you."  he paused again and gave me that cold stare from
his big dark eyes.

"Then there are the photo's and video tapes of all the sick, disgusting things
you have been doing the last couple of days.  It is always possible that they
could surface at the most inappropirate time to cause you irrepairable damage".  
He turned around and looked out the front windscreen.

I sat there stunned.   He had all bases covered.   I was going to do exactly
what I was told tonight,  I had no choice what-so-ever.   I could not go back
now even if I wanted to.   The threat of the photo's and the video made it very
clear that I was his slave and would remain his slave until he decided
otherwise.    But I didn't really mind because I had no intention of trying to
go back to my old life.   Where else was I going to get sex as good as this?  
The humiliation and other assaults on my dignity and pride were a small price to
pay, so I just sat there in silence. 

We were on the freeway and headed towards downtown.  William pulled off on the
offramp for Main St., and I suddenly knew exactly where we were heading.  On
Main St., just two blocks up from the freeway was   the begining of the Gay
Quarter.    Our city was very liberal and had a very large Gay/Lesbian
Community.  The Gay Quarter had shops, resturants, bars, dance halls and
theaters that catered specifically to Gays and Lesbians.

We entered the Quarter and William turned off Main and followed a couple of
different side streets.   Again I was not paying that close attention to where
we were going as the Master had started to give some more instructions.

"We are going to a Gay Night Club Pussyboy", he said.  "When we get there you
will follow behind me at all times, never, ever walk in front of me.  Do you
understand?"

"Yes sir,"  I answered.  "Always stay behind you and never walk in front of you,
sir".

"Good boy",  he complimented.  "Whenever I stop walking you are to get down on
your knees and wait there until I start walking again or give you specific
instructions.  You must tune into my body language, sense what I am going to do
and react accordingly."

He had me repeat that and tell him that I understood then he went on.

"We will be ushered to a table at some point and when we do there should only be
three chairs at that table.  William, Henry and I will sit in the chairs, you
will kneel on the floor beside whichever chair I sit in.   You will stay
kneeling and not move.  You shall not speak unless asked a direct question by
someone."

Again I had to confirm that I understood the instructions.   This was begining
to sound like an outing to hell.   I had envisioned a bit of embarrasement but
figured that I would have a good time anyway.  But this was not sounding good at
all.

"One last thing",  he said, this time in that fatherly tone.  "You will be
providing the entertainment for the club as some point.   You will have to get
up on the stage and dance for us.   During the dance you will remove the thong
from your dick.   Henry will show you how to quick release it in the front.  
After you release it you will remove it and toss it out into the crowd.   I then
want you to wank your dick and continue to wank until you cum.   You may, infact
I insist, that you use your other hand to play with your balls and rub your
nipples.   There will be a panel of judges in the crowd and I expect a score of
at least 10/10 from you.   Anything less and you will be punished severly when
we get you home.   So you get up there and perform the most seductive dance you
are capable of.   There are no limits, the idea hear is to win.  Do you
understand?"

Do I fucking understand, holy shit do I understand.   He wants me to stand up in
a night club and wank off infront of I don't know how many strangers.   Not only
that,  it is some kind of contest he wants me to win it or be punished, but I
don't even know what kind of contest it is.

Tears were forming in my eyes and I had started to shake.  "Yes Master," I
studdered.  "Please don't make me do this".

"Quit it with the fucking whining", he snarled.  "You will do it and you will
win.  I will except nothing less,  so you better set your mind on the positive
right now or you will be in agony tonight". 

He paused for a moment and then almost as an afterthought said,  "Umm, there is
also a reward for a win, Pussyboy.", again he paused.   "If you win, you will
get to spend the rest of the night with William, once we get home."  He gave me
one of his sly smiles and his dark eyes sparkled with glee.

My heart skipped a beat and my breathing suddenly got very tight.  Was this a
test to find out if I was as in love with William as William seemed to be with
me?  Or was he just trying to be kind.   Shit I just didn't know anymore.

But one thing forsure, I was going to do my best to win this fucking contest.  
I wanted the night with William.   I wanted it more than I have ever wanted
anything else in my whole life.

"I will do my best to obey, Master", I answered quietly.  I'll be damned if I
was going to give him the satisfaction of hearing me drool out, "Yes, yes, yes." 

He gave a little smirk and turned back to the front.  The van pulled up to a
building that kind of looked like a warehouse.  A large door opened and William
carefull drove the van inside.

William drove up and stopped infront of what looked like the entrance to a Night
Club, built right here in the warehouse.  There was a Doorman and what looked
like Valet's for parking.

Before he opened the door to get out, the Master turned and looked at me once
more,  "Don't forget Pussyboy, whenever we are not moving you get down on your
knees real quick and stay there till I move."

He then turned and looked out at the Doorman, giving a little nod.  The Doorman
instantly opened the door and greeted the Master like Royalty. 

"Good evening Mr Scott, Sir",  he said.  "Welcome back Sir and may you have a
very pleasant evening."

"Thank you Charles",  he said placing something in the Doorman's hand,  "It is
good to see you back.   We were very worried about you there for a while."

"Thank you Sir, Doc says I am good as new now."

While this conversation was taking place the rest of us were getting out of the
van.   As soon as I was out Henry clipped a chain to my collar and handed the
other end to the Master.   He wasn't moving so I figured I had better get down
on my knees right away.    I kept my eyes on the Master watching for the
slightest indication that he was ready to start moving.   When he finally did I
jumped up quickly and followed behind.

The Master and the Doorman continued their conversation all the way to the door. 
The Doorman opened the door and we all filed through.    It was fairly dark
inside after the bright lights of the entrance.   However our eyes adjusted
quickly and the Master headed towards what looked like a bar.   The first thing
I noticed as we made our way through the crowd was that everyone was male.   The
second thing I noticed is that the Master was treated with the greatest respect
here.  The crowd parted to make way for us as we moved forward.  The Master
greeted and shook hands with many of the patrons as we passed by.  With many of
them he also exchanged a quick greeting.

When we got to the bar we were at one end.  Just before I dropped to my knees I
could see that on top of the bar there was a strange looking panel with coloured
push button switches.   Henry went up to the panel and pushed one of the
buttons.  There was an instant ding, dong sound and then noticed the large
pyramid above the bar.  It was made up of coloured lights and one of them was
now flashing.  

Then William  pushed a button and there was another ding, dong and a different
light on the board started to flash.  I then noticed that all the lights but two
were lit.  The one at the very apex of the pyramid and one at the very bottom on
the right.

The Master stepped forward and pushed a button and the light in the apex began
to flash and a small siren began to wail.  At the sound of that siren the club
became very quiet.   Everyone stopped whatever they were doing, turned and faced
the Master.

He looked down at me and commanded loudly so everyone could hear,  "On your feet
slave".

I jumped up immediately scared that I had done something wrong.

He pointed to the button on the bottom right of the pyramid and commanded, "Push
that button, slave".

Again I did what I was told without any hesitation.  The ding, dong sound filled
the quiet bar and the bottom right light on the pyramid above the bar started to
flash.   I was then surprised and slightly embarrased by a loud clapping of
hands and cheering from all the patrons.   I had no idea what it was all about.

"You have made quite a hit here so far Pussyboy", he said with a smile,  "keep
it up and you just might end up having a fun night after we get home".   He then
started walking down towards the back of the bar.

I quickly followed, keep in a respectful distance and alway right behind.  
Whenever he stopped to talk with someone I dropped to my knees and kept my eyes
on him for an indication that he was ready to move on.  I would then jump up and
follow.   He must had stopped a dozen or more times.  Each time I went down on
my knees hurt a little more than the time before.  If we kept this up for very
much longer I would be lame before the night was over.

Finally as the crowd parted I could see that we were approaching a double door. 
On either side of the door were two young men about my age and dressed exactly
the same as I.   When we were almost to the door these two pulled the doors
open, then got down on their knees and stayed there as we passed through.

This room was a large dinner theatre.   There were round tables spaced all
around and at one end a large stage with the red curtain closed.  The Master
headed down the centre of this theatre right up to a round table placed dead
centre infront of the stage and about twenty feet back from it.  There were
three chairs, one was placed so the occupant would be facing centre stage.  The
other two chairs were on either side of this chair.

The Master went right to that centre chair and sat down.  As soon as he sat I
was down on my knees and behind him.   He motioned me with his hand to move up
closer to his side,  which I did.   My knees were quite sore by this time and I
was hoping that the Master would eventually give in and let me sit in a chair.

William sat on the Masters right and Henry on the left.  I could hear a lot of
scuffling behind me and knew that all those that had been in the bar were now
taking their seats in the theatre.   Obviously the show was going to start real
soon.

We had only been there a few moments when a waiter, again dressed the same as I
was, brought the Master,  William and Henry a drink.    There was nothing for
me.  Oh, yes this was going to be a real fun filled evening.    I mean just look
at me, wasn't I having a ball?   This was almost as much fun as being on a
religious retreat.

Two server boys, again dressed in identical outfits to mine, appeared at the
table each carrying a chair.   Oh good I thought I am going to get a chair.  
They each placed the chair they were carrying down and then got down on their
knees. 

"You may leave", the Master said, and the boys both got up in unison, bowed
there heads, turned and left.

A few minutes later a couple of big impressive men, similar in stature to the
Master appeared and sat down in the chairs.   Well there goes my hopes of
getting a chair, I thought to myself.    They all began talking but I didn't
have a clue what the hell they were talking about, so I let my head turn
slightly to try and see as much of what was going on around me as possible. 

Suddenly I received a vicious blow across the back of the head.  I let out a
squeal of pain as stars errupted and I almost fell forward.  "Keep still slave",
a rough voice bellowed loud enough for everyone within twenty feet to hear
clearly. 

A big bear of a man bowed slightly and said to the Master,  "My compliments
Master Scott Sir, your new slave was fidggeting around like he had ants in his
pants".   He bowed slightly again and went away.

The Master gave me an evil stare.  His dark eyes flashed fire leaving no doubt
what-so-ever that he was angry.   I had made my first mistake of the evening and
I was now very sure that I had better not make another.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and nonconsenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condon or subscribe to the behaviour discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com


Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 13

Floor show.  Act I.

With the back of my head still stinging from a vicious blow delivered by some
big bear of a guy, probably another Master by the look of him,  and my emotions
still in up heavel fromt the terrible look I had recieved from the Master,  I
held my self ridged in the kneeling position.

The talk at the table seem to go on and on.  My knees were aching something
awful and now my back was starting to stiffin form holding myself so ridged and
I was begining to feel a bit light headed.   The Master, for some  reason took
that moment to look at me. 

"Henry", he said quietely, but loud enough that I could hear him, "the Pussyboy
is in distress get him  relaxed".

"Yes sir", Henry replied in an equally quiet voice.   I am sure no one at the
table heard the exchange except the three of us.

Henry got up from the chair, took the chain from the Master and said, "Come with
me, Pussyboy".

Getting up, however proved to be easier said then done.  My knees had really
become stiff and later I found out that they were also a little swollen from all
the dropping I did back in the bar.   But I wanted to move so badly that I
forced myself up.  I was a little light headed and it took a moment for my head
to clear.

Henry started back the way we had come in.  At the doors the same two boys were
there to open them for us.   We exited into the bar which was now completely
empty, except for the barman and a number of lads, again dressed identical to
me, who were cleaning tables and the floor.

As we entered the bar Henry turned left and I followed.   We finally came to a
door which Henry opened and we went through into a long hall.   About halfway
down Henry removed a key and opened a door.  We went inside.   It was a fairly
large room that had a sofa and two matching easy chairs.   A coffee table with
reading material seperated them. 

"You were doing so well there Pussyboy",  he began.  "The Master was very proud
of you, I could see it in his eyes.  But then you had to try looking around, 
that was not good, and you will probably be punished for that later.   But he
did warn you".

"I didn't mean to disobey", I whined, tears forming in my eyes again.  "But
there was so much happening around me and it was so difficult not to look
around".

"Well you can see what happens when you disobey", he said.  "This is a club for
Masters, anyone not dressed like you is a Master and they like nothing better
than to find fault with another Masters Slave.  You are being watched every
minute and the moment you do something wrong one of those Masters will apply
discipline and then gloat as he informs your Master of your disobediance.   It
is very embarrasing for the Master to have his slave put him in such a
position".

"I didn't know Henry,  why didn't you warn me before hand.  I really don't know
anything about this Master/slave stuff".

"Well Pussyboy", he said,  "the rules of the club do not allow a new slave to be
given much of an intro about what to expect.   You are completely on your own. 
If you obey the Master as you were warned to do before entering the club, you
will not have any problems.  So remember, obey the Master".

"I am trying Henry, I am really trying", I answered.

"That cuff on the head is making you try too hard.  Now you are making yourself
ill.  You must keep still but you must also relax while you do it.   It is not
necessary for you to knee at attention.  You may sit back on your heels.   Just
try not to move once you have a position or someone will surely disciplin you". 

"Ok Henry I will do my best", I said.

"The floor show will be starting soon and you will not be the focus of attention
as much as you are now, and will have some leaway to shift your positions
slightly.  Just do it very carefully and you shouldn't get caught.  Also
remember what the Master said about your performance on the stage.   Watch
everything that is going on and try to come up with the sexiest routine you can
think of.  Anything goes and you will be awarded points based on originality. 
Now we had better get back the floor show will start soon and we must be in the
theatre when it starts".

With that he turned and headed for the door, being as I had a chain leash
attached to my collar and that Henry held the other end I had no choice but to
follow.

When we got back to the table Henry passed the end of the leash back to the
Master and went to his chair and sat down.  I plopped back down on my knees, but
did it carefully so as not to cause anymore pain then necessary.   Then I sat
back on my heels and waited.

It was another 10 minutes or so before the house lights dimmed and the curtain
began to rise.   As it rose I could see that behind the curtain was a stage set
resembling a dungeon.   It was a scene right out of an old movie and looked
real.

A voice permiated the hushed theatre, "Good evening Master Scott, Master Muller,
Master Fitroy and Master Anderson.   Welcome distinguished members of Slaves
Unlimited to our monthly evening of fun and entertainment.  We have a wonderful
show planned for you this evening and as a special treat we have enough new
slaves that we shall be able to have a, "Dance of the Slaves", event".  That
brought a big cheer and clapping of hands.

"As if that wasn't enough, Master Scotts new slave has only been in service for
2 days, which should really make for an interesting contest".

With that the spotlight travelled quickly from the Master of Cerimonies to me. 

The Master gave a one word command,  "Stand", and I obeyed instantly.

I felt the blood rushing into my cheeks, this was terribly humiliating. 
Thankfully the spotlight only lingered for a moment and was gone.  The crowd was
clapping maddly and hooting.   Once the light left me the Master gave another
one word command, "down", and I dropped back to my knees.  As I dropped down and
started to rest back on my heels I noticed that my dick had started to rise
again.   Oh shit, that's all I needed.

The MC went on for a while telling a few jokes and in between announcements
about upcoming events and the like.    Except for the jokes which I found almost
impossible not to laugh at, which earned me a severe look from the Master when I
did, the remainder of his dialogue was boring.

Finally he finished and introduced the first act.   It was a couple of slaves
that had been in training for six months,  apparently they belonged to different
Masters and had never met before.  There assignment was to make each other cum.

Slave number one, I have to call them One and Two because no names were given,
was at least 6' tall, had pitch black hair, a broad chest with very well defined
pecs and a well developed six pack.  His buns were perfectly shaped and beckend
to be held and carressed through the tight leather of the pant things..  

Slave number two was equally as good looking, the only real difference was his
blond hair and he seemed to have an inch on One. 

In a movement so quick I didn't even see it coming, One grabbed Two by the arm,
twisted it up behind his back and placed his other arm around Two's neck.   His
right leg shot out and kicked Two's legs out from under him and in a second Two
was tits down on the floor.  Before Two could recover from that little bit of
action, One whipped some rope out of thin air it seemed, and had Two's wrists
securely fastened behind his back.

Well the crowd in the theatre went wild.  They screamed, shouted, whistled and
clapped their approval,  it seems these guys like rough stuff.    Not good I'm
thinking.

One paid no attention to the crowd, he was set upon completing whatever it was
he had in mind.  He quickly grabbed Two by his bound wrists and lifted up.   Two
let out a howl of pain as his shoulders were wrenched,  but One paid no
attention and continued lifting up until Two got up on his feet.   One continued
to apply pressure to Two's arms by lifting up on the bound wrists and forced Two
to hobble to a spot where a chain was hanging from the ceiling.

He fastened Two's bound wrists to the chain then went over to the wall and
started turning a winch.  Two's arms began to raise higher.  One continued to
winch until Two began to scream out for mercy.   He then let the chain drop back
a notch and walked over to where Two was practically imobilized.  

He then gave Tow an order, "Spread you fucking legs, bitch".  Two tried to
comply but that put more pressure on his arms.

One was having none of that, "I told you to spread your fucking legs now you
getem' spread wide or I'm gonna break your fucking balls".

Two must have realized that One would carry out the threat because he spread his
legs wide while at the same time letting out a moan of pain.  There must have
been some kind of fastening devices on the floor, I couldn't see from my
position, because One bent down and did something at each of Two's ankles.

One then stood up and walked all around Two.  He was either admiring his handy
work or what was more  likely,  admiring Two's magnificent body, from my
position it was difficult to tell which.   Once he was behind Two he cozied on
up close and started to rub his hands up and down and across Two's pecs.   Then
while the left hand continued that task the right began to drop, massaging
across the abs.   The the hand continued to move on down, across the black thong
and began to massage Two's dick.  

Around behind, One was now making humping motions agains Two's back while he
massaged Two's dick.  Two's dick must be massive, every once in a while I could
make out the outline of his dick through the black pouch whenever Ones hand
moved out of the way.  This all went on for quite a while, until Two was begging
for One to, "let me cum,  shit man, please let me cum".

One paid no attention to Two's pleading and just kept up what he was doing. 
Ones hands were roaming all over Two's body taking him to the top.  Two's moans
and groans of pleasure came through loud and clear.  The stage must have had one
hell of a good sound system. 

Finally One pulled away from Two's back and came around front.  He got down on
his knees, moved his hands to Two's waist and in a flash the thong came off and
out popped the largest cock I had ever seen.  It had to be 8 or 9 inches long
and it was also very thick.   I had read about cocks like that but had never
believed that they really existed.  As it pulled out of the thong it few upward
and a long silver string of precum went flying across the stage.

One wasted no time, he took that massive organ in his mouth and began to work it
in and out.  On each in stroke that massive instrument went further into One's
mouth.    He worked slowly and eventually the entire length of Two's magnificent
cock disappeared into One's mouth and throat.   One held it there for a few
minutes and was moving his head slightly.  I don't know exactly what he was
doing, but it was obvious he was providing some kind of stimulation to Two's
dick.

One then pulled almost completely off Two's organ and began taking it all the
way in,  then all the way out.  As he worked he picked up the pace and soon was
working that cock at a pretty respectable clip.  Two, meanwhile was moaning away
oblivious to the pain in his shoulder being exerted by the bonds.  The look on
Two's face and the moanings indicated that he was enjoying this tremendously and
would be soon shooting his load into Ones eager, facefucking mouth.

In fact it was only a couple of minutes later when Two let out a wild screech of
pure delight then started to shout,  "Oh yes work that cock, boy, work that
cock."

One had his hands full, or should I say mouth full trying to keep up with the
goobs of cum Two was shooting into his mouth and throat.  But of course there
was just too much and some began to dribble out the sides of One's still bobbing
head.   He must have felt the escaping boy juice and put his hands up to catch
the overflow.

Two continued to spasim for two minutes or more.   When he finally stopped
pumping, One continued to suck the juices making sure he got it all.   When he
pulled out he licked his hands clean and licked somemore around Two's cock head.  

Finally he stood up, put his arms around Two and gave him a big kiss.   They
both stood there locked in that kiss for a few minutes before the crowd burst
into applause and cheering.   One pulled away from Two, turned, faced the
audience and bowed.   The crowd went wild.

Once the crowd had settled down, One bent down and released Two's ankles.    He
then went over to the wall and released the lock on the winch and let Two's arms
down.   Then he was behind Two undoing the ropes.  He then took Two's hand in
his, they were both facing the audience and they both took a bow together.  
Again the crowd went wild.  If I hadn't been cautioned not to move I think I
would have joined in, it really was quite an erotic show, my dick was throbbing
and oozing precum inside my thong pouch.

The curtain dropped and the house lights came up. 

It had now become apparant to me the the outfit I wore was a kind of slave
uniform here at the club.  That was kind of reasuring and eased the
embarrasement I had felt at first,  I was not alone.   What I didn't realize was
just how many slaves were present.  As soon as the house lights came up the room
suddenly was full of slaves scurrying around delivering fresh drinks to all the
Masters.  This only took a few moments and then the slaves all disappeared,  the
lights dimmed and the curtain rose for act two of this little drama between One
and Two.

As the curtain rose One was sitting in a chair, centre stage.  He was looking
around, a bit of a worried expression on his face,  I guess he realized that Two
was probably pissed off at the way he was treated and was going to get even. 
Well if that was what he was thinking, he was right.   Suddenly from off stage,
on the opposite side from which One was now looking a larriet came flying out. 
With pinpoint accurracy it dropped around the unsuspecting One.  Once it was
just below chest level, Two gave it one hell of a jerk and it tightened around
One locking his arms to his side.  

Before One could react, Two had flicked the rope and it again wrapped itself
around the hapless One.  Two kept a steady tight pressure on the rope as he
quickly walked himself up to his prey.   He tied the rope off so the struggling
One could not get it loose, then grabbed the back of the chair, tilted it back
and dragged the chair and One over towards a large wooden X which was stage
centre but near the back of the stage.   He walked up to the X raised his arm
above it and grabbed a chain and pulled it down.    He pulled it all the way to
the still struggling One.  He connected the chain to One's collar, then went to
the wall did something that caused the chain to start retreating back towards
the ceiling dragging the hapless One with it.   When it seemed just about read
to lift One off the floor,  chair and all by the neck, Two turned off the
mechanism.

He walked back to one and untied the ropes and removed them.  One's stood up and
his hands went to his collar right away but he could not undo the chain.   Two
went back to the wall and again turned on the chain mechanism and it started to
lift again.  When it had One almost standing on tip toes,  Two walked up to him
and grabbed his right wrist, pulled it to the upper right arm of the X and
secured the wrist in a cuff.   He then did the same for the left arm.   Then he
fastened each of Ones ankles to a lower arm of the X.  Two then walked back to
the wall did something and the chain pulling One up slackened.   Two went to him
and released it from the collar.   The chain then just seem to lift on its on
accord up to the ceiling.   Two went behind the X and then we could see the arms
of the X expand stretching poor One tight on this cruel form of stretching
table.

Two came around and faced his victim.   There was a big smile on his face as he
brought both hands up and each grabbed one of One's nipples and began to
squeeze.  One gave out a howl of protest, but Two just squeezed harder and then
twisted.   One was screeming from this treatment, but I noticed his cock was
stiffening right up.  

Two noticed as well and removed his right hand from the nipple it was torturing
and grabbed One's balls.  He pulled down hard which wrenched another howl of
protest from One.   Then, it was hard to tell from this distance,  it looked
like Two squeezed One's nuts real hard.  This elicited a scream of pure agony
from One and a great big smile of satisfaction from Two.   It looked like he had
gotten his revenge for the treatment One had forced on him earlier.  

Two's hands then reached for Ones waist and the thong was off  he wipped his now
dripping dick with it and then stuffed it into One's mouth.  One tried to fight
it, but it did no good, Two had the upper hand and that thong went into One's
mouth.

Two turned to the audience and gave a little bow.  The audience cheered,
whistled and applauded.   Two then  went over to a rack and selected what looked
like a small version of the infamouse cat-of-ninetails.  He went back to One.  
One was shaking his head no and trying to beg for mercy through the thong gag,
but Two was having none of that.    He lifted the little whip and brought it
down with a resounding series of small cracks against the unprotected chest of
poor old One.   The audience went wild.

One's face went red and he seemed to be trying to scream through the gag.   His
body was jerking but due to the tightness of his bonds he couldn't move very
much.  The whip was raised and met is mark a second time.  The reaction from One
was, if anything, even more wild then the first time.   What was even more
amazing was that One's cock was just a throbbing and bobbing up and down.   He
was really turned on by this pain.   I found it almost unbelievable that anyone
could be turned on this way,  but then hadn't Henry said that, that is what had
happened to me?   The thought sent a chill up my back.

Two laid 10 good ones to poor old One's bare chest.   When the whipping was
finished, One's chest was one big mass of red welts.  They looked angry and
sore.   But his cock was jumping, bobbing, throbbing and  throwing precum all
over the place.   That boy was one big ejaculation just waiting for the moment
of orgasim.

I am sure a good fortyfive minutes to an hour had passed since Two began his
seduction of One.   Two's dick was a bobbing and throbbing  as well.   Long
sivler threads of precum could be seen constantly dripping from his dick. 
Finally he got down on his knees infront of One and took the poor boys big dick
in his mouth and began to suck.  Two didn't fool around,  he seemed to really
know what he was doing and in just a couple of seconds had One's dick deep in
his throat and was face fucking himself on that huge shaft.

One was so turned on he couldn't hold any longer and began shooting his load
into the eager mouth of Two, who sucked like crazy, making sure none of that
prescious load slipped away.   When One was finally dry, Two performed the same
action that One had done earlier.  He got up and gave One a long, lingering kiss
while the audience went wild.

Two then undid One's bonds and they held hands, faced the audience and bowed.   
The audience again gave a resonding creshendo of approval.  The curtain dropped
and the house lights came up.

The Master stood up and everyone at his table did like wise.  He hadn't moved at
all so I thought it would be best if I just stayed kneeling.   My instructions
were not to get up unless he moved.  So I stayed still.  He turned around and
walked away from the table towards the doors we had come in.  I was on my feet
in an instant although it was bloody painful.  My legs were close to cramping
from being in that position for so long.   As well the room had gotten real hot
and my throat was dry.

We went into the bar turned left and headed back to that room where Henry had
given me some valuable instructions.   Once we were in the room the Master
headed for an easy chair and sat down.  I got down on my knees beside his chair
and sat back on my heels.  He hand came up and rubbed my hair.   Shit he was
treating me like a dog again.

"Good boy", he said.  "Your not doing too bad at all Pussyboy".  He then sat
back in the chair and said nothing.   Henry and William had not stayed, they
went through a door behind the couch into another room.

Shortly they came back and Henry came over and took my chain from the Master.  
He then told me to follow him and I did.   We went through the same door to a
bathroom where Henry advised me to take care of any needs I might have.   I
would not get another chance until the evenings festiveties were over.  I went
to the toilet and had a pee.  My dick was all wet with precum.   The show had so
far been extremely erotic and I had been dripping like a faulty tap.   I grabbed
some toilet paper and dried the inside of the thong as best I could and then
dried off my dick.  

I went to the sink, washed my hands and then sprinkled water on my face and took
a couple of hands full of water to slack my dry throat.  

"I shouldn't be letting you do that Pussyboy",  he said, "slaves are not
permitted to partake of any refreshments while in the club.  I will overlook it
this time but never do it again".

"I'm sorry Henry I didn't know, I won't ever do it again I promise." I said with
the utmost sincerity,  "Thanks Henry".

He just gave me one of his really wonderful smiles and said, "come on the Master
will be wondering what is taking so long".

When we reentered the room the Master and William were both sitting in the easy
chairs and having what looked like a wonderfully cool drink.  There was a tray
on the floor right infront of the position that I was supposed to take when
kneeling.   I knelt down behind it and sat back on my heels.  The Master reached
over and placed his drink on the tray and then,  I am sure,  purposfully knocked
it over.

"Oh shit", he said, "I've spilled my fucking drink.  Pussyboy lick it up before
it sinks into the carpet".

Is the man insane, how in fuck can it  sink into the carpet when it is on a tray
with almost two inch sides.  But who am I to argue with the Master,  my lot is
to obey and I bent over and started lapping up the wonderfully cold, 
deliciously refreshing rye and 7.   I was a very good boy and lapped up every
last drop.  I even took each ice cub and crunched it right up and swallowed
before it could damage the carpet.   I was a very good slave.

The Master looked over when I sat back up, "did you get it all before it sunk
into the carpet, Pussyboy?"

"Oh yes Master", I replied in an ernest tone, "I got it all including the ice
cubes, sir.  Thank you for trusting me to do a good job sir".

He just gave me a big smile, then broke into open laughter.

"Now it is time for you to earn the privledge of cleaning up after me Pussyboy.   
These shows are pretty erotic and we are not permitted to do anything about it
in the theatre, so before we go back in my nuts are full and need some relief".

He didn't have to say anymore,  I crawled quickly over between his legs and
pulled down his fly and removed his massive organ.  I didn't waste anytime, but
began to suck away on that beautiful piece of  masculan fruit.  The Master
wasn't kidding,  I had only just managed to get the whole thing down my throat
when he began to cum.   Monster spasims of hot seed were forced down my throat
under great pressure.   When he was dry I licked his dick clean, placed it back
in his pants and did up his fly.

"That was good Pussyboy, now do William and when you finish with him do Henry. 
You will not be permitted to cum just yet.   Save yours for the show".

Disapointed that he wouldn't let me have relief but extremely happy that I was
going to get to have young Williams sweet cock in my mouth again more than made
up for the disapointment.   I crawled over to William, opened his fly and pulled
out his throbbing dick.   William had been suffering as badly as I had been.  
The inside of his shorts and his dick were completely covered in gooy precum.   
I bent down to go to work and marveled at how sweet William's dick seemed to
taste in comparison with his father's.

I was not in a big hurry this time, I was going to take my time a make sure
William really enjoyed it.  I licked all around the engorged purple head.  
Savouring the aroma that wafted to my nostrils, like a child with a lolly pop I
licked all the wonderful juice off the head, the shaft and down around the
balls.  I was in heaven and so was William. 

I must have been taking too long because the Master growled, "You better stop
fucking around Pussyboy and make William cum.  You still have to do Henry and
there is not a lot of time left".

Shit, I thought just when I was really begining to enjoy this.   Well I had no
choice so I swallowed Williams cock and began facefucking myself on his shaft.  
My right hand was fingering and playing with his balls and I could feel them
begin to tighten.    I didn't want too, but I picked up the pace, bringing
William to the magic moment.   His nuts unloaded with a gush that almost started
me choking,  I hadn't expected such a large load.   I managed to get things
undercontrol and did my best to make sure I emptied his nuts completely.  "Oh
William my love," I thought to myself,  "your seed is like the nectar of the
gods.  I love you so".

Once William was dry I gave one last lick all round to make sure I had got all
there was to get then tucked his beautiful cock back into his pants and zipped
him up.    Right away I was off to do Henry.   I was surprised when I turned
around, because Henry was completely naked, lying on the couch.  One leg was
draped over the back of the couch and the other was on the floor.   His massive
dick was standing straight up, bobbing back and forth almost as if it were doing
a little dance.

I scrambled over real quick and got down between his legs and began my
minstrations to this wonderful example of masculinity.   I made some preliminary
licks up and down the shaft and a few quick darts around his huge balls.   I
knew I couldn't take too much time or the Master would be all over me again.  
My right hand began fingering his nuts and I could feel them thightening.  Henry
was not far from shooting, so I sank  his shaft deep into my eager throat. 
Henry's big cock was sliding in and out of my mouth and throat, my tongue
wrapping it's self around the shaft on it's journeys back and forth.   I picked
up the pace and Henry was soon shooting wads of hot cum deep into my throat and
down into my gullet. 

Henry was still shooting when a soft ding dong sound filled the room.  I was not
expecting it and it startled me.

"10 min to curtain", the Master said.  "Finish up there Pussyboy and if you have
the urge go empty your bladder, but if I catch you wanking I'll break your
fucking hand, understand".

"Yes sir", I said.

I finished Henry off and headed for the toilet.  Couldn't believe they were
letting me go in there by myself.  Well I guess the Master was begining to trust
me and I wasn't about to do anything that would negate that trust.

I had a quick piss and then went back to the room.   Henry was dressed and they
seemed ready to go.

"Oh by the way", the Master asked, "do you know how to remove the thong?"

"If you mean like the two guys on stage did, no sir I don't".  I answered.

"Show him Henry"

Henry came over and showed me that although the waist band looked like one piece
it was actuall held very close together with a velcro fastener.  If you grabbed
it in just the right position and pulled up, the pouch dropped down and the
waist band seperated.   I gave it a couple of quick tries and the Master was
satisfied that I would be able to take it off at the right moment.  Henry
clipped the chain to my collar again and handed it to the Master.

The little ding dong sound filled the room again as the Master opened the door
and we all stepped out into the hall.


To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and nonconsenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condon or subscribe to the behaviour discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com

Road to Slavery, Road to Life.

By Rob

Chapter 14

Floor show Act II

As we passed through the bar on our way back to the theatre, the crowds parted.  
It would seem the Master was a fairly powerful man around here, everyone treated
him with the greatest respect and differance.  Maybe if I asked, Henry  might
tell me just what it was all about.

The same two boys were ready to open the doors for us.   As we entered I noted
that the theatre was empty just like the last time.   It would seem that none
were permitted to enter until after the Master.  This Slaves Unlimited Club had
some pretty strange rules.   We walked right down the centre isle again and the
Master sat in the same chair as before.  As soon as he sat I was down on my
knees.   William and Henry took their places as did the two other Masters, whom
I had not been introduced to.  When I sat I must have jarred something, because
for the first time since arriving at the club, I felt the butt plug.  It gave a
me sudden sensation of needing to dump a load but only lasted a second before
receeding.

The theatre was pretty noisy from all the other members filing in and taking
their places.   Slaves were scurrying around serving drinks.  I could not see
very much as I had to keep myself as still as possible.  Only my eyes moved, but
seeing as we were right up front and there were no tables ahead or to the sides
of us, my view of what was happening was very limited.  I knew the slaves were
delivering drinks because they seemed to materialize from a dark area on each
side of the stage carrying trays of drinks.   The first delivery of course was
to the Master and his guests.  Yours truely being nothing but a lowly slave was
was not offered anything.   Besides Henry had said that it was forbidden for
slaves to recieve any refreshments while at the club.

The house lights began to dim and the noise abruptly ended and the room became
quiet except for a cough here, a cleared throat there.  The curtain began to
rise and it was interesting  to watch.  It started to rise in the very middle
and once it had formed a fairly large teepee opening, a second lift mechanisim
started lifting from the bottom edge of the teepee on each side.  In a very
short time it was looking like a dome with a steeple which kept getting bigger
and bigger until the top of the steeple was above the top opening for the stage. 
The remaining portions of the curtain kept rising  and disapearing behind the
top opening.   It really was something to watch.

The scene on the stage had changed, and boy had it changed.  Instead of a
dungeon we now had a bed room with a huge bed.   The bed had to be 20 feet long
by at least 30 feet wide.  The walls all around the bed were mirrors.  The
ceiling started about 10 feet above the head board and lifted at an angle and
came all the way to the top front of the stage.  The ceiling was a mirror as
well.  It was all designed in such a way that no matter where you sat in the
audience you would be able to clearly see whatever happened on the bed.  I was
willing to bet that whatever was going to take place on that bed was going to be
real hot and my poor nuts were going to be sore as hell when it was over.

A young slave came out from the wings and kneeled at the foot of the bed, facing
the audience. He looked about 18, he may have been a year or two older or
younger, I mean it is sometimes hard to tell a persons age just by looking at
them.   He was between 5.5 and 6 foot tall, had a fine muscular chest with
beautifully defined pecs and abs.  His hair was blond, long and tied in a
ponytail.   His facial features were very fine, he had a beautiful baby face.  
His skin was soft, smooth and tanned a golden brown.

A few moments later a second slave came out and kneeled beside the first.  This
young man was about 25 had dark brown hair which was cut in much the same style
that Ringo Starr wore back in the early days of the Beatles.   He also stood at
between 5.5 and 6 foot, I have to guess height because I am kneeling on the
floor behind a table and about 30 to 40 feet away.  This was a man who spent
many hours in the weight room.   He had muscles on his muscles, I couldn't
believe it, but I was drooling for this guy.  Shit a couple of days ago I was
straight.

The black leather slave's outfit seemed almost ready to burst from his body.  
His muscles rippled and the stage lights seemed to reflect from him like light
from a many faceted stone.  His facial features were strong, dark eyes, eye
brows and a square jaw.   He was immensly handsome.   Many a man would kill to
look like this.

As soon as the audience had had a chance to salivate over this hunk of male
flesh, a Master entered the stage.   He was a very big man and matched the other
two in height and weight.   Although his muscles didn't ripple like the second
slave, they certainly were a match.  His chest was very broad and pressed
tightly against the leather vest that he wore.  He must be a real bear of a man
because his arms were very hairy and his chest hair was poking out around the
top of the vest.  His legs were also very hairy,  the colour almost matching the
black leather shorts he was wearing.  The hair on his head was also pitchblack
and he had a deep dark beard shadow on his face.  He was one of those men that
can shave but never look like they have.  He had a huge mustache that covered
very strong pouty lips and accented his dark eyes and heavy eyebrows.  He looked
like a gentle giant, but looks can be decieving me thinks.

He walked over and stood infront of the youngest slave and looked down at him
for a few moments. 

"You look like a dink to me slave.", he sneered.  "Are you a dink?"

"Yes Master I am a dink, " he said through trembling lips.

"On your fucking feet dink", the Master commanded.  The young lad jumped up and
stood there waiting on trembling knees for he knew not what.

"I want you to walk up to the front and centre of the stage, whip off your thong
and tell these very nice people out there that you are a dink and why you are a
dink." he said,   "Now move your ass, dink.", he yelled.

The kid was terrified but he did as he was commanded.  He moved quickly to the
front and centre of the stage.  He quickly removed his thong, and of out popped
a six inch, uncut dick that had risen to it's full glory.  There were tears in
his eyes as he yelled out, "I am a dink, sirs".

Tears were pouring down his cheeks as he tried to think of how to explain why he
was a dink.  I felt very sorry for the poor kid.  I could feel tears welling up
in my own eyes.

"Ah......I.....ah......am.....ah.....a........dink, sirs....ah
because......ah.....I.....ah.....am.....ah......ah..... always....ah getting
hardons when....ah ...... I....ah.....shouldn't.", he stammered.  
"My....ah...pecker is not very big.....and is not.......ah...much good for
pleasing ...... ah ....my.......ah..Master".

"Give it up dink", the Master yelled.  "Your ability to talk sensibly is just as
bad as that little tiny thing you have the temerity to call a cock.  Get your
fucking ass back here, now."

The poor kid shut his mouth and ran quickly back,  his dick bouncing and
spraying precum all over.  He resumed the position he was in when he first came
on stage and  stood before the Master waiting for further orders and no doubt
further humiliation.  Surprisingly the Master turned away from him and moved to
the other slave. 

He looked down at that beautiful, muscular body and sneered,  "Now what do we
have here?  Mr Muscle or Mr Shithead.  Mmmmmmmmm......well let me say I don't
think I see enough intelligence for it to be Mr Muscle so I think what we have
here is Mr Shithead.  On your feet shithead."

The young man's face went bright red and I thought oh, oh, when he gets on his
feet he is going to knock this Master from here into yesterday.  But he rose and
stood meekly, his head bowed, waiting for further degredation.  If that is what
he was waiting for he wasn't disapointed.

"Bet you spend hours working this body to build these muscle." he sneered.   "I
also bet your proud of them, huh?"

"Yes Master", he replied humbly.

"It kinda makes you look like a raspberry,  a whole bunch of useless bumps.  Yes
siree shithead you look just like a little raspberry",  the Master taunted.

The lads face got even redder and he was tensing up and even begining to
tremble.  The Master knew that he had hit this lads vulnerablility and decided
to play somemore with it.

"Tell you what little shithead raspberry, why don't you just give us all a nice
little shithead raspberry dance while you sing, I'm a little raspberry.   Now
you get going and you better give us a good performance or I'm gonna whip your
fucking ass off.  Now get."

What surprised the hell out of me was that this big all masculin he man began to
actually do a silly little dance all around the stage while singing, I'm a
little raspberry.  The audience was killing themselves laughing.   Well I must
admit it really was very funny and I had a hell of a job to keep from laughing
out loud along with the others. 

The Master was a master at playing an audience and just before it started to
become a bore he called the poor lad back.  As he returned to his place I could
see that under the pouch of his thong his dick was fully erect and throbbing.  
So this big bruiser got an erotic thrill from being humiliated, I would never
have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes.

"I can see that little dance really turned you on shithead", he said scornfully. 
"Bet you would really like to fuck the ass off the dink here, wouldn't you?"

"Yes Master if that is your wish, sir." he answered respectfully.  "I would love
to fuck the ass off the dink, sir."

"Well why don't you just strip the little prick, then make him suck your dong. 
When your ready we would all love to watch you fuck the little dinks pussy.  But
one word of caution, do not let the little prick cum."

"Yes Master", he said and moved over and started ripping the slave's outfit from
the boy now known as Dink.

Dink just stood there, the embarrasment of having his clothes, even clothes as
revealing as these, stripped off was apparent in the colour of his face and the
look of dismay in his eyes.  Shithead didn't waste anytime stripping the Dink.  
In just a few minutes Dink was completely naked. 

"Remove my thong, Dink", Shithead orderded Dink.

Dink complied whipping the thong off.  An impressive  7 inch, uncut cock flew up
and struck Shithead in the abs.  It then dropped back and bounced up and down. 
There were a few ah's from the audience.   Shithead placed a large hand on
Dink's neck and moved him over to the bed.   They both crawled to the centre of
the huge bed and Shithead lay down on his back and spread his legs.  Dink
crawled between those muscular legs, bent over and began working on Shithead's
cock.  The swollen purple glans was huge and seemed to just fit in Dink's mouth.   

The mirrors on the walls and ceiling made it possible for everyone to clearly
watch this blowjob in all it's splendor.   The Dink turned out to be one hell of
a cocksucker.  He had licked and kissed his way down and around the shaft to the
base.   He licked Shithead's pubic bone as though there was something there that
was delicious and he couldn't resist.  He then moved down to the balls which
from my position looked about the size of golf balls in a low slung sack.  Dink
picked the huge balls up in the palm of one hand and licked the sack all around
the nuts.   He held them in such a way that it was clearly visible in the
mirrors, so we could all see the action.

He then took one of the huge nuts in his mouth.  Shithead gave a groan of
pleasure as Dink worked that nut around in his hot mouth.  It was then that I
noticed that Dink had also moved his other hand up and was massaging Shithead
boypussy.  Shithead was moaning, groaning and moving his head back and forth in
ectasy.  Dink now had the other nut in his mouth and was working on it.

When he figured he had done that nut justice he moved off and started to lick
and kiss Shithead in that very sensitive spot behind the nuts but infront of the
annus.  Shithead was moaning even louder now.   Dink then began to work his way
back up and over the scrotum and back to the base of the big throbbing cock,
which was dribbling precum all over.  In fact as Dink moved up the shaft his
face became a little clearer in the mirrors and we could see that he had precum
dripping from his hair and all over his face.  It must have been splattering on
him while he was sucking on Shithead's nuts.

A string of the precum was rolling down over an eyebrow and about to run into
Dink's left eye.  He brought the hand that had been massaging Shithead's balls
up and wiped the precum off.  He lifted his head from the cock and quickly
licked the precum from his hand.  Then his lips were wrapped around that massive
head once again.

What followed was an amazing sight.  Shithead's dick was thick, but the head was
much larger than the shaft, it looked like it just barely fit in Dink's mouth.  
Well Dink began to push down, impaling his face on that instrument of pleasure.  
He did it slowly and in stages, in a bit, out.   In a bit, out.  Each time that
magnificent piece went a little deep down the young throat.   It took about five
minutes for Dink to finally get thoe whole length of that 7 inch shaft all the
way down his throat but he did it.  As soon as Dink's nose reached Shitheads
pubic bone, the audience broke out into cheers, wolfwhistles and clapping.

Dink didn't pay any attention he just started to fuck his own face on that
instrument.  Shithead was still moaning and groaning in pleasure.   I wondered
if he was going to be able to bring himself to have the Dink stop so that he
could fuck him.  The facefucking went on for another 5 minutes or so before
Shithead decided that he better start the ass fuck or he would loose his load
down the kids throat.

He tapped the kid on the head and then they changed places.   Dink lay on his
back and raised his legs.  Shithead climbed inbetween Dink's legs and shuffled
himself up close to  Dink's asspussy.  The Master tossed Shithead a tube of KY. 
Shithead spread a liberal amount of the the gel around and into Dink's pussy
hole and then greased up his throbbing cock.

He placed the big purple head against Dink's little pink rose bud and pushed. 
The head disappeared into Dink's hole.  Dink gave a small vocalization of pain. 
At the same time Shithead grabbed Dink's ankles and brought the Dink's legs in
so they were resting on his shoulders.  The Shithead was considerate and waited
a few seconds for the Dinks annus to adjust to the intrusion of his massive
organ.  He then began to push in slowly.  Just as the kid did when trying to
swallow this massive instrument, Shithead pushed it in a bit, then pulled it
out.  Pushed it in a bit more, pulled it out.   He kept this up until his balls
were resting against the beautifull bubble cheeks of Dink's ass.

Shithead then began a slow gentle hump of  Dink's ass pussy.   He was hitting
Dink's prostate the rubbing was cause Dink to moan and groan in pleasure.  
Slowly Shithead increased the pace until soon the bed was just a rocking from
the fucking.   As they fucked they both were rubbing and pinching each others
nipples.   Dink dropped his hand a couple of times to his dick to try and get
some relief, but Shithead slapped his hand away.   They were both going at it so
hard now they were literally bouncing around on the bed.  I don't know how
Shithead managed to stay locked onto Dink's pussy they were bouncing so maddly.  
The audience was going wild.   They were screaming,  yelling obscene remarks,
whistling, clapping and, well you know how audiences get when they are getting
their moneys worth.   They were certainly getting their moneys worth tonight.

Suddenly Shithead gave out one hell of a scream of joy.   "I am cumming up your
worthless ass you fucking little Dink prink", he screamed.

You could see each ejaculation by how he tensed his body when the spasm came. 
It was the most amazing thing I had ever seen.   His body would tense, relax,
tense, relax.   Shit it was so erotic I almost came without even touching my
dick.   I could feel my nuts jumping around wanting desperately to release their
load.  If this had gone on even a fraction of a second longer I am sure I would
have emptied my nuts and been in real deep shit with my Master.

When Shithead climbed off of  Dink he lay back on the bed gasping for air.   His
huge chest rising and falling, oh what a beautiful sight.   Sweat glistened and
ran from his forehead and chest.  He must have been very warm and uncomfortable
under that leather outfit.

Talking about being warm and uncomfortable,  the temperature in the theatre had
risen considerably from when we had first entered, I don't know how many hours
ago.   My body had that clammy feeling, but worse, much worse, I had developed
an itch.
 
It felt like it was dead centre in that sensitive spot between the balls and the
annus.  The strap from the thong was rubbing over it, which only made it worse. 
It had started something like a little  pin prick just as Shithead was pushing
his big purple cockhead into Dink's glory hole.   At first it was just a small
annoyance but now had grown into a full bodied, raging itch.    Now we all know
that when you get an itch, if you don't scratch it, it will grow.  Well my itch
had grown, it was spreading up the crack on each side between my balls and
thighs.  I thought at first it was my imagination, but a new itch had started
right on the sack over top of my right nut.   This itching was driving me a bit
nutty, but I couldn't do anything about it.   I had to endure, but I didn't know
how long I would be able to withstand it, threat of punishment or not.

Back on the stage, the Master had growled something, but I was so preoccupied
with the itch I didn't catch it.   However Shithead  and Dink did.   Dink raised
his legs up, grabbed his ankles and pulled his legs down so his feet were on the
bed above his head and his sexy ass was facing up for all to see.  

Shithead had sat up, got to his knees and  quickly crawled behind Dink.   He
bent over and began to lick rapidly all around Dink's pink rosebud, which had
been glistening from Shitheads cum seeping out oh his boypussy.   Although I
found this tremendously erotic, my dick was throbbing hard again.  I also found
it a bit distasteful, I mean there is a big difference between licking around
the outside of an annus and licking up stuff oozing out of it.  How could
Shithead do it without throwing up?

Not only did he not throw up, he seemed to relish it.   He kept pushing his
tognue into Dink's beautiful little hole trying to get more of his own juices.  
This went on for sometime and everyone in the theatre was moaning a little.  I
also noticed that the Master on stage had an erection.   His cock looked huge
pushing hard against his black leather shorts.  I had a feeling it wouldn't be
long before he was in on the action.

As Shithead licked and sucked at Dink's asshole we could see his dick rising
again.  Dink's dick had not gone down and was still oozing gallons of precum.  
It was dripping from his cock like a faucet that had been turned slightly on,
was landing on his abs and pooling.

The Master on stage said something, but again I didn't catch it.  The itch had
now spread to my pubic bone and I was sure I was going to get clipped for
fidgeting.   Shithead got up and off the bed,  followed by Dink.  Dink quickly
began to undress Shithead.   I would be willing to bet Shithead was glad to get
that outfit off.  Sweat was still pouring from his forehead and chest.

Once he was naked they both turned to the Master and got down on their knees in
supplication in front of him.  He stared at them both for a few moments then
said, "Do it."

They both rose and began to carefully remove the Master's leather outfit.  Each
garment was carefully placed on clothes hangers which Dink seemed to produce
from out of thin air.  As a piece was removed it was placed on a coat hanger and
taken over to one wall where there was a rack and hung up.

When the Masters shorts were pulled down a gasp filled the room.  Out from under
the shorts popped a huge piece of man meat.  His cock had to be 10 inches long
and at least 2 inches in circumferance.  I thought Shitheads dick was
impressive, this one made Shitheads look tiny.   Before the boys could get the
Masters shorts all the way down a long silvery string of precum started to flow
from the tip of that magnificent cock.  Dink looked up quickly to the Master,
who gave a quick nodd of his head.  Dink caught the long silver string before it
could hit the floor .  His open mouth rising catching the string all the way up
to the cockhead.  He gave a couple of quick licks at the Masters dick slit.

The Master said, "Doughnut time boys.  Dink you do Shithead, Shithead do me and
I get the sweet stuff."

With that they all crawled to the centre of the bed and lay in a kind of
triangle.   Dink wrapped his lips around Shithead's cock while Shithhead did the
same with the Master.  The Master was not in as big a hurry to fill his mouth
with dick so he just started licking Dink's  6 inch dong.  We could see him
savoury this young dick as he licked up and down each side, along the top and
bottom and then pausing to lick at the frenum for a while.   Moans of delight
were begining to rise from the bed but it was difficult to try and pinpoint from
whom the moans came.

After initially taking the whole head of Shithead's dick in his mouth, Dink had
now worked his way down to Shithead's balls and was sucking away on one.  His
right hand was pushed up between Shithead's legs and it was obvious he was
fingering Shithead's gloryhole.

Shithead had his face down between the Master's legs and it looked like he was
rimming the Master.  Even though the Master had risen his leg it was not
possible to see the actual rimming, but you knew it was happening. 

The Master had sucked and licked all around Dink's nut sack and had taken each
nut in his mouth and worked it well.  Poor Dink's nuts must have been really
full and sore,  he had been going almost full tilt for close to an hour without
release.   But he sure seemed to enjoy the Master's ministrations.  The Master
had returned to the cock itself and was just taking the head into his mouth.  
He worked the head in and out, much the same as a child would do with the end of
a popsicle.  The moans from the bed were getting much louder and one in
particular got real loud when the Master began this little trick.

The Master had also raised on hand and had Dink's nuts resting in his palm so he
could feel everytime the nuts began to jump.   We knew when that happened
because he would slow the pace of his bobbing on and off the head of Dink's
dick.  He would work it slow for a bit then pick up the pace and then just
suddenly stop.   It must have been driving poor Dink mad.

Dink on the other hand was giving as good as he got.  He had Shithead's dick
down deep in his throat and was holding it there.    He would pull off and it
seemed take a deep breath then force it all the way down his throat and just
hold it.  Being very inexperienced I wasn't sure what was happening, but
Shithead sure seemed to be enjoying it.   I could see little shudders ripple
through his body  has soon as his dick was deep down Dink's throat.

Shithead had the Master deep in his throat as well and he was fucking his face
on that massive cock.  Shithead was obviously a master cocksucker.  He took all
10 inches of that huge cock down his throat.  When it was fully down, he would
make a series of quick in out motions but only moving about and inch almost as
if he were masturbating that cock with his throat.  Whatever he was doing the
Master loved it because he would give out loud moans of pleasure each time
Shithead did it.

The whole scene was tremendously erotic, my dick was a throbbing in my pouch
again and it felt really wet and sticky.  I really don't know how I managed to
keep from blowing my load.   Just keeping my hands away from my dick took one
hell of a lot of willpower.   Meanwhile the itch was spreading not only was my
entire groin area itching but now my chest, particularly around my nipples was
also itching.   So between the desperate need to scratch and wank I was in one
hell of a state.   As much fun as watching all this erotic stuff was I was
wishing it was over so I could get some relief.

It was then that it dawned on me what was going on.   They were purposely
building up my need to cum so that when I hit that stage my need would be
greater than my humiliation at having to remove the thong.  Well they knew what
they were doing because right now, I would be willing to remove that thong in
the middle of Times Square, on New Years Eve,  in front of Millions of people
all over the world, if it ment relief. 

If the need to itch and cum were not enough, on top of that, the few sips of
water I had taken during the break along with the rye and seven I had licked up
from the tray was now filling up my bladder and wanted to vacate the premises.  
All I need now to really make life complete was for the fucking butt plug to
start wanting to vacate.   Oh shit why did I think that, now it will I am sure.

On stage our entertainers were all getting ready to fill each other's mouths we
a load of sweet white cream.   Isn't it amazing, all this frantic activity, all
those wonderful feelings, all the humiliation, all the fun and games,  all just
to force the male body to release a small amount of white cream.  Oh, isn't
nature marvelous.

The first to release his load was Dink,  the poor boys nuts were bursting and he
gave out a loud scream of pleasure which passed  all around the 7 inch cock of
Shithead which filled the boys mouth.  The sound escaped in a kind of muffled
cry of glory.   The vibration from that screem must have been all that shithead
needed to get his balls to jump and release their load of boyjuice, be cause he
then gave a bit of a loud moan which mangaged to escape around the Master's
massive cock.

We could see that the Master had started to spill his load because he was
humping Shithead's face like his life depended on it.  The scene was something
else and loud moans could be heard in the audience.  I don't know whether that
ment guys were cuming in their pants or not, but it sure felt good just to think
it.

When the Master and two slaves had finished sucking each other dry they all lay
back on the bed to rest.  The curtain began to lower and the house lights began
to rise.   The audience went wild with applause and cheering.   Well one thing
sure, this part of the show had also been a hit.

Again slaves appeared from the wings bringing the Master's fresh drinks.    I
tried to sit still with the itching, the throbbing of my cock, the need to piss
and now a slight need to dump.  Everyone around my Masters table was laughing
and joking.   Well it was nice to see someone really enjoying themselves.   I
was wondering if I would every enjoy myself again.   The itch was really getting
difficult to ignore.

It wasn't long before the lights dimmed and the curtain went up again.   The
scene hadn't changed but the Master and Shithead were gone.   In there place was
another young lad about the same age as Dink.  He was  standing at the end of
the bed.   As soon as the curtain was fully raised Dink made his way to the new
lad and began to remove his leather outfit.   Unlike when the Master was
undressed, this outfit was just dropped to the floor.

Once the new lad was naked the two of them held hands and walked to the centre
of the stage and bowed.  The new lad was almost a replica of Dink.  The only
difference was the size of his dick.   Both of the boys were flacid, Dink's
flacid dick was about four and half to five inches long,  the newlads flacid
dick was almost twice that, which ment  when hard it would be between eight and
nine inches.  It was also uncut and like the  Master, it was very thick.   After
bowing the two boys faced each other and Dink got down on his knees.  He
shuffled up to the new lad and started to lick that impressive piece of boy
meat. 

At the first touch of Dink's tongue Newlad's dick began to harden.   I watched
in fascination as it grew and grew.   Dink worked his magic, soon Newlad's dick
was throbbing and bouncing as Dink licked the head, the shaft and the nut sack.  
Soft moans of pleasure errupted from his throat when Dink took each nut one at a
time into his hot mouth and gently worked them around.

The first drops of silver precum began to drip out the slit which was just
poking out from under it's little forskin hood while Dink was sucking on ball.  
It dropped down and landed dead centre on Dink's cute nose and glistened there
like a silver wart.   The audience found this amusing and gave a little chuckle.  
Dink brought his finger up and caught the drop, wiped it on the nut sack and
then licked it up.   An appreciative little clap arouse from the audience.

While he was sucking away on Newlad's dick, Dink's own cock was rising as well.  
It had now reached the state that it had been in for practically the whole first
part of the act.   A little drop of precum was glistening at the tip and would
be dropping to the stage at any moment.

Newlad tapped Dink on the head and then made a circling motion with his finger. 
Dink stood up, turned round and  bent over grabbing his ankles.  Another slave
walked out from the wings with something in his hand.   He walked right up to
the pair  and when he got there I could see that he had a tube of KY.   He
brought the tube over close to Dink's beautiful buns and squirted a liberal
amount of this lubrication on dinks rose bud.   With his other hand he began to
work the lubrication around and in the Dink's pussy hole.  He started with one
finger and soon had two in.   He removed them squirted KY all over those two
fingers and reinserted them working them around.   Then he worked in a third
finger. When he figured he had Dink's ass pussy lubricated well enough he pulled
his fingers out and turned to Newlad.    He took the tube and squirted a liberal
line all along the top of the pulsing shaft.  Then wrapped his hand around and
wanked a bit to work the lub all round.  When he was finished he retreated to
the wings.  

 Suddenly the sound of the Master's voice broke the tension in the air.   "The
Dink has never had a cock  as big as this in his pussy before.  This will be a
test of his stanima and ability to quietly take whatever is handed out.  Should
he display any outward sign of pain during his break in he will be severly
punished. 

All the stage lights dimmed,  the theatre was in total darkness except for the
two spots which uliminated the two young men.   From somewhere in the theatre a
drum roll began to play very softly.   Newlad moved up closer to Dink's
backside.   He placed his hands on Dinks hips moved his massive organ into
positions and pushed.   The huge purple glans disappeared inside dink's
pussyhole, but he made not a sound.   To my mind if he had never had a dick that
size up his ass before, that massive intrusion must have been painful.   But he
gave no outward sign of it.

The audience gave an appreciative applause,  not a roudy type of applause but
one of respect.   Newlad then began to slowly move that massive head in and out
of Dink's pussy loosening it up.  Getting it ready to take the entire shaft. 
Each time he pushed the head in, it went in a little deeper.   Each inward push
was followed by a short rest and this continued until the entire 8 to 9 inches
of thick dick was all the way in Dink's pussyhole.

After resting a moment, Newlad began a slow fuck, all the way out, all the way
in.  He was brushing against Dink's prostate because Dink had begun to give out
small moans of pleasure.  It is really hard to believe that anyone could get
pleasure from having such a big, thick object shoved up their ass, but there it
was happening right infront of me.  Anyone who had any doubt only had to look at
Dink's throbbing dick to get all the proof they needed.

Newlad picked up the pace of the fuck.  As he pushed forward, Dink pushed
backward and they would meet with a small slap of skin against skin.  It often
looked like Newlad's balls were taking a beating as they slapped hard against
Dink's ass.

Sweat began to form beads on Newlad's forehead.  Those beads joined together and
began to run down his face.  More little rivelets could be seen running down his
chest.   But he kept picking up the pace and what we were witnessing was two
young studs locked in rut feaver, totally unaware of their surrounds, the only
thing that matter was to cum.  Every fibre of their young bodies was working to
that end, cum or die trying.

Young Dink had begun to sweat as well, he was using just as much energy in his
quest for utopia as Newlad.   Again it was a most erotic site to watch these two
young men rut.   There were loud gasps coming from the audience behind me.   No
doubt there would be a few people leaving this theatre with cum filled pants.  I
was just praying that I would not be one of them.   The itching, the need to
pee, the feeling of the butt plug pushing against my annus and the stimulation
of these two boys had my dick bouncing and throbbing even more than before.  
The insides of my thong pouch was sopping wet from precum.   I could just
imagine what kind of gooy mess would greet me when the time came for me to whip
off the thong.   The thought of the humiliation I would go through  caused blood
to fill my cheeks.

Finally Newlad let out a squeal,  "I'm cumming, I'm cumming.  Slam that pussy up
here and take my cum you fucking faggot bitch."

Then Dink gave out a squeal and he began to shoot his load down towards the
stage floor.   Rope after rope of hot seed erupted from Dink's pulsing dick and
slammed onto the stage floor under pressure.  The two boys kept humping until
finally Dink's dick stopped shooting.  A few more humps and they seperated.  
The audience hooted, clapped and cheered.    The Master walked out onto the
stage and over to Dink.   Dink was now standing and smiling at the ovation from
the crowd.    The the Master's voice filled the theatre and the ovation stopped.

"Look at the fucking mess you two have made on the stage.   Get it cleaned up
now," he ordered.

The two boys instantly dropped to the stage and began licking up Dink's cum.  At
one point both there heads came together and they swapped a quick kiss, cum
covered tongue's swapping loads.  Then it was back to cleaning up the mess.  
The Master stood there and watched very carefully to make sure they got it all.   
When he was satisfied he told the boys to stand up.

He then addressed the audience.  "I now need your help gentleman.  All those
that believe the Dink passed the test raise your arms."

Shit I couldn't look around to see.   But at our table every hand went up.

Then the Master asked, "All those that believe the Dink failed the test and
should be punished, raise your arms."

Again I couldn't look to see.

"Well Dink you lucked out tonight,  the Master's have unanomously voted in your
favour.   You passed the test."    The audience broke out in wild applause and
Dink, with a smile on his beautiful face turned and bowed to the audience.  Then
as the curtain began to drop all three turned and walked to the wings.

The house lights came up and the theatre was one big din of noise.  My Master
said something to his two guest Master's then stood up.   I remained  kneeling
until I was sure he was going to move.  Then William and Henry both stood up as
well.  The Master said something to William then turned and began to move off
down the isle towards the exit doors.   I was on my feet in an instant, but the
pain I was feeling in my limbs was something else.   On top of that I still had
to pee and was itching like hell.

In just a few moments we were back in the special room.  After all three had
gone to the toilet and refreshed themselves I was given permission to go in and
take care of business.    I finally got to empty my bladder and use toilet paper
to clean off most of the gooey mess that was all over my dick and balls.   It
took a little longer than I expected and a little longer than the Master
expected because Henry came in to check up on me.

"What is taking you so long Pussyboy", he demanded.

I explainded about the gooey mess and Henry seemed to believe me because he just
told me to hurry and went back to the other room.   I finished up as quick as I
could and at the same time gave my self a good scratch.   It was such a relief
to be able to scratch the fucking itching.

When I returned to the room the three of them were sitting exactly as they had
earlier.    I made my way over to kneel beside the Master.   I noticed that the
tray was back, did that mean there was going to be another accident?

There was a full glass on the coffee table.  The Master reached over, picked it
up and took a tiny sip.  He sat back in his chair and then reached over to place
the drink on the tray.   As before as soon as the glass was on the tray it was
accidentely, on  purpose was my bet,  knocked over.

"Oh shit, Pussyboy clean up that mess quick before it sinks into the carpet", he
commanded.

I gave a quick yes sir response and was down there licking up that wonderful rye
and seven.   I was terribly  thirsty and this was just what the doctor order.  
Again not only did I lick up all the drink but also chewed up the icecubes. 

When I was finished  the Master looked at me and asked,  "How are your legs
holding out, Pussyboy, have  they started to cramp on you?"

"Ah...no sir, but they have stiffened up sir", I responded.

"Would you like to get up and move around to loosen them up?"

"Yes sir I would really like that, but only if it pleases you, sir", I answered.  
I was starting to learn my place.

A smile lit up his face and his eyes sparkled.   "Then by all means get up and
move around.   I want your legs good and loose before we go back into the
theatre."

"Thank you Master for your kindness, sir", I said and ment it.  "I will do my
best get them as loose as possible sir."

I stood up and began to walk around the room, lifting my legs high and shaking
the stiffness out.   Once I had been around the room a few times I tried a
little running on the spot, it felt wonderful.   Then a few jumping jacks
followed by more quick laps around the room.   By the time the little ding dong
sound giving the 10 minute warning came my legs were as loose as they were going
to get.

"Ok let's get back to the theatre.   When we get back in there Pussyboy you
won't be staying with us.  Henry will take you behind the stage and turn you
over to Master Jackson.    He will give you all the instructions you need for
the contest.   Remember Pussyboy,  it is very important to me that you win this
contest.   Also remember that if you win you will be rewarded with something I
know you want very much.  So go for it".

With that he turned and headed out the door and being connected to him by a
chain, I followed.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and nonconsenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condon or subscribe to the behaviour discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    elder@fetchmail.com

Road to Slavery, Road to Life.

By Rob

Chapter 15

Rob, Centre Stage.

When we reached the Master's table, he handed my leash to Henry.  They were
stopped so I got down on my knees and waited.   The Master said a few words to
Henry that I could not hear because of all the noise from the others returning
to the theatre.  Henry then turned and headed for the left side of the stage.  I
jumped up and followed.

We went through a door and along a hall which seemed to run parrallel to the the
right side of the stage.    About halfway up the hall we came to a door, Henry
opened it and walked in.  Once we were inside I closed the door and as Henry had
stopped I got down on my knees.  I didn't even have to think about it, it was an
automatic response.   Guess I was learning to be a slave.

A rather short man, must have been between 5.0 and 5.5 met us once we were
inside the room. 

"Master Jackson, sir.   Master Scott sends his compliments and bids you take
good care of his new slave, Pussyboy".  Henry said very politely.

"Why thank you Henry.  Please extend my best wishes to Master Scott and thank
him for trusting me to look after this piece of shit."

"You are most welcome sir and I will pass on your best wishes to Master Scott." 
With that Henry removed the chain from my collar, opened the door and left.

I don't mind admitting I was scared to death.  This was the first time since I
was taken as a slave that I had been out of the Master's direct control.   I
didn't know what to expect.   This Master Jackson, although short, looked mean.  
He had something I had not seen in a very long time, handlebar mustaches.   They
must have been four or five inches long on each side.  He obviously took great
pride in them,  the were waxed and curled around and around.  They kind of gave
him a sinister look, something like the villan in the old time silent movies.

He had short dark hare, beady little eyes that seemed to be sunken deep into his
skull.  His cheeks were hollow and his lips were tight benieth the mustaches. 
His chin and nose were both narrow and pointed.

Below the neck was a pretty impressive body.   Here was another man that spent a
good deal of his time in a gym and wieght room.  His shoulders were very broad
as was his chest.  They stretched the material of his black t-shirt tight
reavealing the magnificent outline of his well developed pecs and upper arms. 
The material of the shirt was kind of glossy and reflected light which I guess
also added to his sinister look by kind of making him look omipotent.  A look I
gather that he went out of his way to engender.

Below the t-shirt he wore a tight pair of black shorts.   His cock could be seen
outlined along the inside of the right thigh, his huge balls made an outline on
the left.  I was assuming his dick was flacide because it really didn't look
erect, but it was hard to tell because it was so long.  It must have been at
least 8 inches, which got me to wondering just how long it would be if fully
erect.   I gave a little shudder thinking about it.

"So Master Scott has gone and found himself another piece of useless shit." he
sneered.  "You have got to be the sorriest excuse for a two legged creature that
I have seen in a long, long time.   If it were up to me I would just throw you
down in a sewer where you belong.  But Master Scott has a softspot for a useless
piece of shit like you.  He will expend a tremendous amount of effort trying to
train you and make you useful, but will more than likely fail and be
disapointed."

He just seemed to go on and on and on, running me down.  By the time he was
finished I felt about 1 inch tall and the worst thing in the world that could
have happened to Master Scott.   Master Jackson was an expert at stripping away
dignity.  He actually had me believing what he was saying.   Tears filled my
eyes and I just wanted to die.

"Oh quit your fucking snivelling", he commanded.   "Get your lazy ass up off the
floor and come with me."

I got up quickly and followed him through a door that led into a rather large
room.  There were four small cages, very similar to the one I had spent my first
night in.  Three of the cages were occupied by young men of about my age.  
Master Jackson headed right for the forth cage and opened the small door.

"Get your sorry ass in your fucking cage, Pussyboy", he commanded.  "If it were
up to me I'd just lock the lot of you useless assholes up and throw away the
keys."

Knowing that it would be useless to argue I got down on all fours and crawled
into the cage,  I shuffled up tight and felt the door close on my ass and the
paddlelock being closed.   So here I was back like that first night locked in a
cage so small I could not move.  I just wanted to scream, but held it in.

"Ok you four pieces of useless globs from a manuer pile.  It is my sad duty to
have to look after you until you have all made your debut performance.  I have
found from experience that the only good way to keep a slave is to keep it
locked in a cage.  You will all remain in these cages until it is your turn to
go out on stage and wack off.  When you are done you will be brought back here
and you will return to your cage until your Master comes and claims you.   You
should know that slaves that disapoint their Master's may not get claimed for
days.    Should you be one of those, let me tell you, other than for your
performance tonight you do not under any circumstance come back out of that cage
until claimed."

This guy was scaring me.  I could not possibly spend more than an hour or two in
this cage without going completely mad.  How could Master Scott, William and
Henry do this to me?  Was I really that bad?  Tears filled my eyes and I began
to really cry.   I was totally and completely miserable.   If that was what
Master Jackson was trying to achieve, well he succeeded with me.

"Ok, listen up shithead's, I am only going to give you these instructions once,
so you better listen very carefully if you want any chance what-so-ever of
winning the competition.  First of all you must stay on the stage for a minimum
of 15 minutes before you bring yourself off.  If you cum sooner than that you
will be disqualified"  he paused for effect and to let this little bit of info
set in.

"You may remove all of your clothing, except the thong before going on stage, if
that is what you want to do.   Once on stage, you may not remove any clothing,
except for the thong.  The thong must be removed at or close to centre
stage/front and thrown out into the audience."  he paused for a moment to revel
in our fear.  His face was a glow with delight from the angst he was
engendering.

"Your Master's mark is on the inside of the thong",  he began again.  "whoever
catches it will recieve $1000. from your Master to burn it, should you finish
last.   If you finish third your Master will pay whoever catches it, $2500.   If
you finish second, now get this, if you finish second your Master will pay
whoever catches it, $5000. and will give you to that Master for a period not to
exceed 6 months.   Finally should you finish first whoever catches your thong
will be permitted to keep it as a souvenier."

Again he paused for effect.  These guys don't fool around.  But why so much more
for second and third place, that doesn't sound right.   Shouldn't it be the the
one that finished last that had to pay the most?

"Ah I can see your confusion, but then that is typical for creatures such as
yourselves that are unable to reason.   The second place Master must pay the
most because his slave could have won but didn't put in enough effort.  By
making that Master pay more, that slave will end up being severely punished for
not trying hard enough.    The last place slaves Master pays the least because
that slave is totally useless and having to pay so little is an insult to that
Master and he will surely punish his slave severely for failing so miserably." 
His eyes just gleamed as he imparted this little bit of knowledge.

"So you see if you want to avoid severe punishment, you had better make your
little wank off the best fucking wank off the audience out there has ever seen."  
he then began to laugh and all I could do was shiver and cry.

"Ok assholes in my hand is an envelope.  Inside this envelope there are four
numbers between one and ten written down from top to bottom on the page.  The
number at the top is for who will go first, the one at the bottom for who will
go last.   You will each give me a number, from one to ten, the one closest to
each of those numbers without going over will get the position indicated."

He started with me and I yelled out 6.   When he opened the envelope 6 was the
second number and I was slated to go on stage in second place.  Now I settled
down to give some serious thought to just what the hell I was going to be able
to do to win this.

There was no doubt in my mind that if I lost this, the Master would be very
unhappy and I would be very sore for a long, long time.  I didn't want that
either, so I was in deep  thought when Master Jackson came and opened my cage.

"You will be on in about 5 min." he said.  "Come with me."

I followed him out, through the first room and on out into the hall.  We went on
down the hall and into another room.   In this room there were shelves and
shelves full of all kinds of strange things.

"This is the toy room," he said.  "You may use anything in this room to help you
win the contest.   If you have decided to go on stage naked, then remove all
your clothes, except the thong, and place them in this box before I come back
for you." he said indicating a wooden box slightly larger than a shoe box.

You may do anything you want, to try and win this contest.  Let me tell you
right now if you want to win make it as sexy as you can."  he turned and walked
out the door leaving me alone.

I had already decided on what I was going to try and do to win, but all these
toys just added to the possibilities.  I quickly began to examine everything.  
The first thing I decided on for sure was a strange looking couch which had one
end about three feet up.  It then gradually came down and ended in a curl. 
Anyone lying on it with their head at the bottom would be supported under the
shoulders.   This would be perfect for what I had in mind.  I continued looking
and came up with a couple of other things I just might want to use.

It was about fifteen minutes or so before Master Jackson finally came for me.  
He asked what equipment I wanted and I told him.   He called in three slaves
gave them orders to bring the equipment to the stage and then had me follow him.

Back out in the hall we went a little farther along and Master Jackson turned 
and entered through a door on the right this time.  We  climbed a few stairs and
were in the left wing of the stage.   A little farther down from where I was
standing I could see the slaves carrying the couch, that I had asked for.

There must have been another entrance to the wing closer to the Toy Room because
they certainly didn't pass us in the hallway.  The lads disappeared through the
black wing curtains out onto the stage.   I was finding it a bit chilling in the
wings,  the rest of the theatre seemed so much warmer, but knew that in a very
few moments sweat would be pouring from every pour on my body.

My dick was still fairly hard and oozing precum.   It was going to be so good to
finally get to release that build up from my aching nuts.   I was just hoping
that I didn't hurt myself in what I was about to attempt but figured it was
worth the risk if it ment I had a chance of winning.

"See this red light here." Master Jackson said pointing  to a light on pole that
I was standing next to.

"It will be turned on when you have spent exactly 15 minutes on stage.  You may
stay on stage and act your little heart out for as long as you want, but do not
cum before that light goes on.  Once you have cum and cleanded up your mess, 
that means you get down on your fucking knees and lick it all up, you may leave
the stage." he said and then looked at his watch.

"How do you want to do this Pussyboy", he asked.  "Are you going to be out on
the stage when the curtain goes up or wait and then enter once it is up?"

"I will wait until it is almost up and then enter sir", I said.

"Ok", he said,  "curtain will rise in two minutes.

That was a long two minutes but it finally passed and the curtain began to rise.

When the curtain was about threequarters of the way up I made my move.   Now
before I try to describe this  I must tell you that I loved gymnastics and could
do all kinds of great things.   I had never really been trained for it, but had
watched competitions and we did do some in school.    Once of the things that I
was very good at was cartwheels.   I could make myself move just like a big
wheel over great distances and even do some great tricks.  So to open this show
I entered the stage in a cartwheel. 

Out onto the stage I went over and over all around the stage I circled.  I had
opted to be naked for this and so it must have been quite a sight to see.  An
almost naked man doing cartwheels on a stage.  I let myself go round the stage
completely twice and on the third brought myself to centre front and let myself
fall just like a plate would do.  You must have seen how a plate rolling on it's
side will ride around and around on it's rim as it falls.  I really cannot
describe it any better than that.  It requires a good deal of bouncing from hand
to hand and foot to foot.

Once I had let myself come to rest, my arms and legs were outstretched and my
trunk extended up as far as I could push it.   I dropped onto my stomach and
then jumped up in the air, made a bit of a twist and ripped the thong off at the
same time.   Before my feet hit the floor the thong was flying through the air
out into the audience, which I couldn't even see because of the spot lights
shining in my eyes.

Well the audience errupted into the loudest cheering, stopping, yelling and
clapping that I had heard all evening.   My heart skipped a beat, if I could
keep it up I just might have a chance of winning.

When I landed, my cock which was now free of the thong bounced up and down.  
The sound of the audience  and knowing that they were looking at me completely
naked, just made my cock throbb and bounce even more.    I was as embarrased as
hell, but I was also more turned on then I had ever been in my life.

I grabbed my cock with my right hand, spread my legs slightly and thrust my hips
forward.   I wanked towards the centre of the audience a few times, turned to
the right and wanked a few times, then did the same to the left.   This got me
another round of loud cheering and clapping.   I then started doing some
summersaults intermingled with cartwheels.   Every once in a while I would go up
and stand on one hand and with the other give myself a few wanks.   Each of
these brought more cheering and applause.   All the while I kept an eye on that
pole with the red light.

I figured they might start to get bored with this any moment so went over to the
couch and picked up one of the items that I had asked for, an 8 inch dildo that
had a cute little set of balls moulded right on.  

I lay down on the couch, with my ass up in the air and my head at the bottom.  I
then placed the big dildo in my mouth and began to sensually suck on it.   This
brought another howl of approval from the crowd.  

Once the dildo was good and wet I took my first real risk.   Would I be able to
get this thing up my ass?   I had left the butt plug back in the box in the Toy
Room.   I figured that it had been up my ass so long it should be well stretched
and the dildo should slide right in.  After all it was no where neer as thick as
the buttplug was in circumference. Well I guess I was going to find out.

I placed the head against my annus and began to push slowly.  There was a bit of
resistance so I tried pushing on my sphincter as though I were going to have a
shit and I felt the dildo begin to enter.   I continued to push and at the same
time force the dido up my ass.   After a little work it was finally in and I was
merrily fucking my asspussy.   The crowd went wild, I guess they really like
watching a guy fucking his asspussy with a dildo.  Another point for me......I
hope.

I continued fucking myself for a while and then got up with that dildo still
stuck up my ass.   I was prayed that I would be able to hold it in while I did a
few cartwheels and summersaults.   I didn't know it if were possible or not
because I had never done it before.   

To my surprise by clenching my sphincter tight I was able to do all the tricks
and drive the audience wild, especially at one point where I was standing on
both hands by the mirrored wall.   I let my feet go back and touch the wall. 
Then I lowered myself so I was resting on my shoulders with my legs spread and
my feet against the glass.   I then wanked my dick with one hand while the other
fucked my ass with the dildo.

The cheering that went up from the audience almost made me topple over, I wasn't
expecting it to be so loud.  I continued this for a bit because they really
seemed to like it.   The real trick was going to be to try and get myself back
up on my hands.  That would be a great way to end this little part of the act.

I got my arms down and pushed up.    I had never done a push up like this before
but was amazed at how easily I succeeded.  I then did a series of summersaults
over to the couch and took up my position again.   I noticed the the red light
was on so I could now start the grand finale.

Once on the couch I brought my legs foreward so they were spread wide and over
my head.   I kept bringing them forward until my throbbing cock entered my mouth
and I swallowed the whole thing.    

The audience just about had a fit.   I guess they don't get to see many guys
that can take their own cocks all the way down their throats.    I am blessed
with complete doublejointedness and can bend my body into the most impossible
shapes.  Getting my whole cock in my mouth is simple stuff and I have been doing
it for years.

Well there I was naked on a stage fucking my own face with my own cock.   I
didn't fool around I wanted relief and I wanted it as fast as I could get it, so
really began to pound my face.    

With the audience screaming and yelling their approval I brought myself up to
release.   When my balls were ready to let go my cock just happened to be out of
my mouth and the first strong rope of hot seed landed right on my nose.  The
response from the audience was so loud I could feel the couch vibrate under me.

I quickly took my dick back in my mouth and all the remaining seed went where I
wanted it, down my throat.   When my nuts were finally dry, I licked the end of
my nob clean, then wiped the cum from my nose and licked it off my fingers.    I
got up off the couch walked to centre stage and bowed. 

The curtain dropped in front of me while the audience was still in a wild
uproar.

Well I had given it my best shot, I would either win or be the sorriest fucking
slave in the country, because there was no doubt in my mind that I would be
either first or second.

As I left the stage Master Jackson was standing there looking at me.

"That was one hell of a show, Pussyboy.   Bet your thinkin' ya got it aced,
huh."  he sneered.   "Well shithead got news for you, other than the
cartwheelin' there ain't nuthin' else that you did that was new.   You forgot
that what was wanted was sexy.   Cartwheelin' and saults are not sexy, they are
great to watch but they are not sexy.   As far as suckin' your own dick we get a
dozen or more guys just like you that do it every year."  he paused to catch his
breath.

"But I will tell you what you have done.   You have probably cost Master Scott a
lot of embarrasement and $5000.    Unless one of the other's fucks up as badly
as you just did they will vote you in second place, I know I have been doing
this job for going on 10 years and know how they vote."  he was enjoying himself
tormenting me like this.   

"There is one more thing, better get used to the cage.   The last time a slave
got Master Scott stuck for $5000 bucks he didn't claim him for two weeks.   The
slave couldn't get out of the cage we had to pull him out.   Apparently it took
3 months before he was able to walk again."  He looked at me with his beady
little eyes and gave a laugh.

Tears filled my eyes and I was crying as we reentered the room with the cages.  
The lad who had gone on first was in his cage and he was also crying.   The cage
for lad three was empty, he was probably in the toy room.   Lad four just looked
at me with big, sad eyes.   I got down on my knees and crawled into my cage.

I was devasted,  I had taken a big risk and lost completely.   The Master was
going to hate me and would leave me here for weeks with the evil Master Jackson.   
I let myself sink back into a deep, dark canyon of self pity and loathing.  I
was still crying when Master Jackson came back and got lad four.   I didn't pay
much attention and just went on wallowing in my misery.

A little while latter Master Jackson was back again with lad three.  Big tears
were flowing down three's cheeks and he was sniffling.   I tried to ignore this,
but all of a sudden a light went on.  

When I had returned I noticed that number one was crying, when I returned I was
crying and now number three was crying.   Could it be that sweet, lovable Master
Jackson was feeding us a line that we all bought, hook line and sinker?   I
waited until he had left and closed the door before taking a big, big risk.

"Psst.....psst.....hey guys", I whispered as loud as I dared.   "Did Master
Jackson tell you that from his experience he new with out doubt that you would
get the number two position and that your master would leave you here for
weeks?"

There was no response  for a few moments, but then lad number one whispered
back, "Yes he did".

Then lad three whispered, "Ya that's what he told me too."

"Me as well." I piped in.  "I think we have been had lads.   I think this is
still anybodies ballgame".  I felt a little bit better knowing that I still had
a chance of winning this thing.

We all remaind quiet.  It was just too risky to take the chance of getting
caught talking, besides I think we were all contemplating what our chances were
of winning.   It was really hard to predict seeing as we had not seen each
other's performances.

After a while the door opened and a slave came in.   He unlocked the cages and
told us to get out and follow him.    Once we were all out we followed him
singlefile back to the wing on the stage where we had started.  Master Jackson
was there with number four, who just happened to be crying.  I smiled silently
to myself.   Master Jackson had us all stand shoulder to shoulder.

The Master of Cerimonies was out on the stage.  The curtain was up and he was
babbling his head off, just as he had done at the begining.   Finally I heard
him say the words we were waiting so patiently to hear.

"It is now time gentlemen, to judge this months Dance of the Slaves.   We were
very fortunate this month to have four contenders.   All have given a good
performance, but only one can win",  he paused and looked at us standing just
off stage, in the wings.   Then turned back and said, "and three will be
punished."

A shiver went up my spine at that pronouncement.   It hit home that in a few
moments one of us was going to be very happy, but the other three were in for
severe punishment.   Somehow it just didn't seem right.  

Again I began to pray that I would be the winner.   I wanted this so bad, not
only because I wanted to spend the night with William, but also because I wanted
desperately to please the Master.   You see I suddenly realized that I was not
only in love with William, I was also in love with his father.

"The first wanker was Snotnose." the MC went on.   Master Jackson touched lad
one on the shoulder and told him to go on stage.    The lad moved forward real
quick and went out and stood by the MC who was still babbling.

"Snotnose belongs to Master Arnold."  read the MC from his little notepad.   "He
has been in training for two weeks and has become an expert cocksucker." 
Snotnose turned every colour of red under the sun at that little quip.

"The second wanker was Pussyboy, belonging to Master Scott." he announced.  

Master Jackson touched me on the shoulder and whispered in my ear, "Get your ass
out there and stand quietly beside the Snot." 

I shuffled out onto the stage as quick as I could and took my position next to
Snotnose.  I was still completely naked and now that I didn't have the
distraction of having to perform was not only naked in fact but also felt naked.  
I wanted desperately to be cover my dick, which was begining to rise again.  

The MC went on, "Pussyboy has only been in training for two days.  He thought he
was straight, but found out that he is just plain kinky.  Not only has he been
busy sucking cocks and loving it, he has had his cherry taken and has fucked
asspussy and loved it.   Now the real surprising thing about this slave is that 
just loves to get it on with dogs."


The sonofabitch just seemed to go on and on.    The more he reveal the smaller I
shrunk.  By the time he was finished I felt about 1 inch high, except for my
cock which seemed to be bigger than me.   I looked down at the wretched fucker
to see silver strings of precum dripping down to the floor.   Sex thy name be
humiliation, I thought.

The MC noticed my boner and of course had to draw attention to it,  "Mmmmmm uh
Master Scott it looks like you got one horny slave on your hands."   Everyone
got a big laugh out of that but me, I just sank lower into the ground.

He then turned to Snotnose and said, "Pussyboy is dribbling all over the stage,
get down there and clean it up." 

Snotnose dropped to the floor and on his way gave me a terrible look.    He
licked up the little puddles and then came up and sucked in a new one just
forming on the head of my dick.

He then went to stand up but the MC told him to stay there and catch all the
drips.  This of course only made my dick throbb all that much more and pour even
more silver nectar into Snotnoses waiting mouth.

He then introduced, Fuckface, that was lad number three and ,Motherfucker, lad
number four.    I breathed a small sigh of relief when I noticed that each of
these guy also sported a big boner,  I didn't feel quite so alone anymore.  
Snotnose was still licking my precum, but I noticed his dick was still soft. I
suddenly had the feeling this lad was not enjoying his slavery at all.  Could it
be that he was totally straight.  No gay tendancies what-so-ever?  If that were
the case this could be pure hell for him.   I suddenly felt great sympathy for
this young man licking precum from my throbbing cock.

"Snotnose that will be good enough", the MC said.   Snotnose stood up and faced
the audience.  He didn't even look at me this time.

"Ok gentlemen",  the MC went on.  "You have all seen the slaves do their dance
and you have been introduced to each one.   At the begining of this session you
were all give cards with the slaves names on them.   You were to score each
slave with a position, 1, 2, 3 or 4.   The cards were collected immediately
after the last act and have now been tabulated."  

He put his hand inside his jacket and pulled out an envelope.   He opened the
envelope and pulled out a sheet of paper.  

"I will start with last position and work forward." he said.  "In position
number 4 is....... Snotnose."

I heard Snotnose let out a big sigh of relief.  I wanted to congratulate him on
not being 2nd, but could not say anything.

"In position number 3 is..........", and the sonofabitch paused, the said, 
"Motherfucker".

It was Motherfucker's turn to let out a sigh of relief although he knew he would
still be punished.

That left Fuckface and I still in contention.   I am sure Fuckface was feeling
as bad as I was.   One of us was going to be very happy,  the other was going to
be very sad.

"In position number 2 is........", and again the bastard paused.   My heart was
skipping beats, come on prick just get it over with.

"Fuckface".

A scream of utter pain escaped from Fuckface's lips and he collapesed to the
floor crying and blubbering.  I found out later the probable reason why he went
histerical.   Master Jackson was his Master.

Adrenelin suddenly began pumping through my body at a tremendous rate, I was
flying.   The audience had errupted in an uproar.   Screaming, shouting,
hooting, whistling and clapping.    I had won, I had really won, my Master
wasn't going to hate me.   I was so happy I wanted to scream out my joy but
instead I just dropped down to my knees and cryed.

The house lights came up and I could see my Master, William and Henry all
shaking hands with everyone.  My Master looked so happy,  I was proud that I was
able to do this little thing for him.  He had just shaken hands with someone and
then turned around.   He looked me right in the eye and I could see how happy he
was to have won.   Then I remembered that I would get to spend the night with
William and a big smile spread across my face, the tears dried up and I just
waited for someone to tell me what to do.

The back patting and hand shaking went on for quite some time.    I just
continued to sit back on my heels waiting for orders.   Poor Fuckface was still
laying prostrate on the stage sobbing his poor heart out.

Suddenly I felt something being attached to my collar I turned and looked up and
there was Henry.  I cannot tell you how happy I was to have him there beside me. 
I felt secure again.   I felt safe.

"You did real well Pussyboy", he said with a big smile on his face.  "The Master
is very proud of you tonight, very proud indeed.   Come on, there is someone
else that is also very proud of you.   He said he wants you to teach him how to
do those cartwheels tonight."  I couldn't help but laugh out loud at that.

"Thanks Henry", I said as I got up and followed.

As soon as we were back at the table and Henry had stopped I got down on my
knees.   He handed the leash to the Master. 

The Master looked down at me and said, "Good job Pussyboy, you have earned your
reward."

He turned around and called, "William could you come here for a moment please."

William came right over and the Master handed him the leash.   "The Pussyboy is
yours until this time tomorrow night, have fun."   A big smile lit up Williams
face.   It was the first time I had seen him smile since our first session
together.  The Master looked down at me again, gave me a big smile and then
disapeared into the crowd.

"Well Pussyboy", William said with a smile,  "Whatever am I going to do with you
for a full 24 hours.   I suppose I could take you home and put you in your cage,
then I wouldn't have to worry about you, would I?"

"I am very sure you will think of something more creative than a cage, Master", 
I said with mock humility.

"Oh that I shall Pussyboy, that I shall."

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and nonconsenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condon or subscribe to the behaviour discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:   robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com

Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 16a

Part A

A Night To Remember.

As soon as the Master handed me over to William, we made our way out of the
theatre, into the bar and over to the door.  Charles, the doorman held the door
open for us and we walked out into the warehouse.  As we were walking through
the door, a big black limo pulled up.   Charles  rushed passed us and had the
rear door of the limo open before we got there. 

William let me enter first and I scrambled over to the other side, I was glad to
get into the limo, I was still naked and was feeling really seflconscious.   He
placed what looked like a wad of bank notes into the doorman's hand.

"Thank you Charles", he said.  "You take real good care of yourself,  it is not
the same around here without you."

"Thank you Master Scott, sir",  he replied.   "I missed being here, sir."

William jumped in beside me and Charles closed the door.   We both settled back
and the limo pulled away.

"Poor old guy", William said.   "he lost his wife, son, daughter in law and two
grandchildren in a terrible car crash four months ago.  He had a complete
breakdown.   We didn't expect he would ever be back, but his doctor called us a
week ago and asked if we would take him back.   It seems all he had left in the
world that he cared about was this job.  Of course dad agreed right away."

"Your dad seems to be very important around the club, is he the president or
something?" I asked boldly.

"Well ya I guess you could say he is important.  First he owns the building.  He
founded the club, along with Master Jackson.  The club rents the building from
him.

Second, he is currently the Grand Master of the club.  He has been Grand Master
for the past five years.  He has been Grand Master twice before, for stretches
of  two years and three years respectively.  His current tenure is the longest
of any Grand Master so far.   But the membership seems very happy with his
leadership so they have been keeping him as Grand Master.

"I am impressed, sir" I replied testing the water.

He turned and looked me square in the eye, "Rob, until I have to turn you back
over to dad you are not a slave and I will not treat you as one.   Don't worry,
I extracted a promise from dad that there would be no video cameras or
microphones this time.   It is just you and me for the next 24 hours." 

In that case I thought to myself,  I am going call you Willie, again, I thought
as I gave him a big smile. 

He pressed a button beside the arm rest, "Yes sir",  the voice of  the driver
came over a speaker hidden somewhere here in the back.

"To the Mansion please Frank", William said.

The car pulled gently away and headed for the exit, I think.   I really wasn't
paying any attention.  William had slid over close and we embrassed and then
locked in a long, passionet kiss.  Now when I say long, well I mean.....like it
was very long.   The car pulled up to the front door of the mansion and we were
still locked in that kiss.   We hadn't even noticed that the car had stopped.  

Our tongue's were frantically searching, discovering, exploring each other in
minute detail.   We both had raging hardons and were playing with each others
cocks.    Precum was flowing like water from a fountain.  Mine was all over
Willie's hand and my nuts, not to mention my shaft and the car seat as well.  
But to tell the truth I was so wrapped up in Willie it wouldn't have matter to
me if it was flowing out the door in river.

Willie's, willy, (sorry, just had to make the pun), was sopping wet,  the front
of his pants were a mess,  I didn't know it was possible for us to produce so
much seminil fluid.   Our other hand was busy rubbing a chest, an ab or playing
with a nipple or squeezing a nipple.   I was so turned on the world ceased to
exist, there was nothing but Willie and me and a deep hunger that needed to be
satisfied.

All good things must come to an end.   Our need to release the tension that had
built up in our balls became so great that we were forced back into the here and
now.   We pulled reluctantly apart and that's when we both noticed that, we were
sopping wet and the car was stopped infront of the Mansion.

"Let's get up to my room to finish this", Willie gasped as he tried to get his
breathing back to normal.

"Quickly", I gasped in return.

Frank, the driver sensing movement in the back started to get out to open the
door for us, but Willie was much too quick for him.   He opened the door and
started to get out.

I heard him say to Frank,  "Don't bother Frank we can manage.  Take the rest of
the night off, we won't be needing the car again".

I heard Frank reply with a thank you and the driver's door close as I was
getting out.  Once out I just grabbed the door and gave it a quick pull to close
it and followed at a semi run right behind Willie.  After all I was still naked
and even though it was dark and little chance of anyone being around to see me,
I was still very uncomfortable.

I rushed up the stairs to join Willie and the mansion door started to open, as
if my magic.   A magic that was short lived, my mouth dropped open in surprise
at the sight of the young man, dressed in the very same slave outfit as the one
I had worn, holding the door open for us. 

My hands instinctively went to cover my dick.  After the events of this evening,
why was I embarrased to be naked infront of this young slave?  To make matters
worse, Willie decided to give the lad some instructions, which only made me feel
even more naked.

"John have David prepare pizza for two and a bunch of snacky things, he knows
what I like.   When it's ready I want you to bring it up to my room", Willie
said in a tone that reminded me of William the prick.

"Yes, Master William, Sir", John said

Then without a word of thanks or acknowledgement he started off down the hall.  
I was a bit taken aback by this change in attitude.   Then I remembered how he
had treated me when we first met.   Willie, me thinks is a very complex
individual, just like his father.

"Come on Rob", Willie's call broke through my thoughts. 

"Shit, you will be getting John all hot and bothered if you stand there much
longer with your dick flapping around like that", and with a giggle headed on
down the hall again.

My face turned red and I gave a quick glance at John, his face betrayed no
emotion, but I also noticed in that quick glance that his rod was stiffening. 
Even more embarrased now, I hurried off after William.

We were approaching the same place in the hall where I had first met Willie a
few days ago.  He stopped by the door he had come out of that day.    I watched
as he pressed an almost invisible button on the wall and the door slide open.   
We both entered and that's when I realized this was an elevator.

 On a panel on the left, where you would normally expect to find elevator
controls, was a verticle row of buttons.  Starting at the top they were labled,
W, 3, 2, 1, B, D.   The 3,2,1 & B were obvious, but what did W and D stand for?  
Well the W question was answered almost as quickly as I thought of it.  Willie
pressed the W.

The elevator rose without a sound and so smoothly it was hard to tell it was
even moving.    When it stopped the door opened and we entered what Willie calls
his room, but I call his apartment.

From the elevator we entered into a sort of foyer.  The walls were all finished
in   cherry paneling with blackwalnut for trim and there were three doors that
lead out of it.   The ceiling was a cream colour with recessed lighting.   The
floor was hardwood and polished to a deep,warm shine.   The room had a pleasant
scent of lemon oil and leather, a man's smell.  

Furnishings included a fairly large black leather settee and two matching easy
chairs.  A large ornately carved mahogany coffee table was the centre piece for
the room, for on it reposed a large chrystal sculputre of Mickey Mouse with a
humongus hard on.   Three small lights recessed in the cieling,  illuminated the
sculputure from three sides, ensuring that the sculpture was the centre of
attention.  

Willie however couldn't have cared less about how beautifully decorated that
foyer was, or how hard Mickey's cock was,  he was too busy removing his clothes
as we passed through, leaving a trail behind him.  Not having to worry about
removing clothes I just happily followed.

There were three doors leading off of the Foyer, one straight ahead and one on
the right and the left.   Willie headed for the one on the left.   He opened the
door and entered with me right on his tail.   The room was huge and it was a
bedroom, Willie's bedroom.

Straight ahead as we entered the room was a large bed, not as big as the one
used for my initiation into gay sex,  but it was big.    The bed coverings were
all in black and looked like satain from my position.  But that bed and the room
were totally forgotten in a split second once that bedroom door closed.   
Willie, completely naked now, stopped, turned around and we were in each others
arms and trying to see who could suck the other guys  tongue the farthest down
our throats.

We were both in such desperate need that I do not even remember going down to
the floor, one moment we were standing locked in an embrace and the next we were
on the floor.   Willie's cock was all the way down my throat and I could feel
mine in the luxurious warmth of his.  We were in 69,  facefucking each other as
though our lives depended on it.  A lot of moaning was taking place and at least
half of it was mine. 

Oh jeese how I loved the taste and feel of Willie's cock in my mouth and throat. 
Each time that sweet head passed my tongue it would leave another drop of
precum.   I was becoming quite addicted to that taste and just couldn't get
enough of it.  I had been fingering Willie's nuts with one hand and rubbing his
soft, smooth ass cheeks with the other.   I moved my hand from his nuts and
slowly, gently started rubbing around the outside of his annus.  Willie's cock
gave a sudden jerk and a shot of precum when he felt my finger there. 

I rubbed a bit more but it was very dry.   Bringing a finger to my mouth I
pushed it in alongside of Willie's cock.   Willie's cock felt so good against my
finger that I began to rub against and around it.   Willie began  moaning loudly
and the vibrations from his moaning sent wonderful sensations through my cock
which was buried deep in his throat.  That in turn got me moaning again which
increased Willie's pleasure, it just seemed to be a never ending cirlcle. 

Once I had the finger wet enough,  I pulled it out of my mouth and began rubbing
around Willie's annus again.   He really started squirming now.   I then moved
my finger right across that sesnitive little pussy hole and around the edges of
his pussy lips.  He really started coming on to my dick now.

Around and around I rubbed just barely touching that sensitive little pink bud. 
Then without warning I started pushing it up the hole.    Slowly working my
finger in, twisting it left and right as up it went.   Once in I withdrew then
pushed it back in.  As his pussy lips adjusted and relaxed I started finger
fucking him faster and faster.   Building the rythm up to match the bobbing of
our heads on the cocks.

While I was busy doing all of this, Willie was busy reciprocating.   Every nerve
in my body was on fire, sending fantastic signals of pleasure to my brain.   I
was flying on a cloud feel enormous pleasure, I never wanted it to end.

But the pleasure was just too great, the constant stimulation of my erotic
pleasure points was having the desired effect and I could feel my nuts lift,
getting ready for that magic moment.    I was climbing up and up, going higher
and higher, nerve ends on fire then the blinding flash of pure, white light and
my nuts began to release their precious cargo into the eager mouth of Willie.

Willie was making the same climb, at  the same time and reached his nervana at
exactly the same moment as I.    Just as I felt my seed pumping into his throat,
his hot, sweet seed was pumping into mine.    I swallowed quickly, not wanting
to loose even one precious drop.  

I only managed to pump  5 strong ropes and two weak ones before my nuts stopped
pumping.   Willie on the other hand just kept on going and going, shit I was
beginging to think he would drown me in that sweet ball nectar.  He managed 8
strong and 3 weak shots of hot seed.

Once he stopped shooting I just kept on licking and sucking making sure I got
every drop.   Willie couldn't have got his cock cleaner even if he spent all
night scrubbing it with a wash cloth.   Of course Willie was doing one hell of a
job on mine as well.

Finally both our cocks had become completely flaccid and we both pulled our
heads back at the same time. 

I gave a start and jumped about 3 ft when I looked up.   John the slave was
kneeling quietly just inside the door. 

Willie looked up to see what the hell had gotten into me and also saw John, then
broke into uncontrolled laughter.

Frankly I couldn't quite figure out what the hell he found so funny.    I guess
he was used to having slaves enter and leave his room silently.   Me I found
that very disconcerting.

"The snacks ready, John?" Willie asked.

"Yes sir, shall I bring them in?"  John replied.

"Yes John, put them over on the coffee table and stick around, I think we might
need your services shortly".

What was that?  I looked sharply at Willie, but he said nothing and started to
get up.   Now what the fuck is this kid up to, I thought to myself.    He has
some kind of evil plan running around in that warped little mind of his.   But
if he makes me feel as good as he just did, he can make whatever evil little
plans he wants.

"Let's go clean up a bit, then we can have a nice snack.", he said,   "I'll bet
you are really hungry".

Damned right I was hungry,  shit it had been a busy night and I had used up a
lot of energy.   A nice snack would be very welcome and besides I was crazy
about pizza.

Willie walked to the right side of the room and opened a door.  He went through
with me right behind.  The door led into a large bathroom.  Much like the one
that I had used down stairs.  It had a large shower, a whirlpool hot tub and a
sauna.

We both had a quick pee and washed our hands.  We were standing at the sink,
hands well soaped up, when we turned and looked into each other's eyes.   Our
heads were drawn together as if they opposite poles on a magnet.  Our mouths
opened and we began to suck tongue again.   Then our arms, soapy hands and all,
were around each other.   My soapy hands moving up and down Willies back while
he reciprocated.

Of course all this tongue swallowing and soapy hand massage had it's effect on
our dicks, which were rising again.   It was Willie that finally broke the
spell.

"Let's go get you fed then we can play for the rest of the night",  he said
through his heaving chest. 

"Ok", I panted in return.   Oh geesh how this guy turned me on.

We grabbed some big fluffy towels from the linin closet and toweled each other
dry.  Once dry we returned to the bedroom.  On the other side of the bed there
was a large alcove type section.  It probably had large windows but they covered
by floor to ceiling drapes. 

The alcove also was furnished with a couple of easy chairs, a large soft looking
sofa and a huge coffee table.  The chairs and sofa formed a kind of hollow U
shape, with a chair at each side and the sofa taking up the long side.  The
coffee table was directly in the centre, easily accessable from where ever
someone may sit.

On the coffee table a whole array of food had been set out.  There must have
been enough to feed 10 or more, I thought.   John was on his knees on the side
of the table opposite the sofa.   He did not move or say a word as we
approached.

We walked around the table until we were between it and the sofa.   I thought we
were going to sit on the sofa but instead Willie knelt down on the floor.   Well
if that was good enough for him, then it was good enough for me and I joined
him.

We didn't bother with plates or cutlery, we just picked up what we wanted in our
fingers.  Then Willie picked up a succulent slice of fresh mango, took a bite
then brought it to my lips.  I opened my mouth and ate this wonderful piece of
juicy fruit from his fingers.

Well this turned into a little game and we started feeding each other.  In
between the bites Willie was feeding me, I was using my free hand to stuff my
face with pizza.  I never can get enough of the stuff. 

After my third or was it fifth, slice of pizza, plus countless little morsels
that Willie had been shoving in my mouth, I was finally begining to feel filled
up.

Willie must have figured out that I had had enough, because he began filling his
face with these delectable little pop corn shrimp that David had prepared.

He ate a few more then picked up a small container of what looked like tomato
sauce.   He looked at me with a mischievious smile on his face and dipped his
finger in the sauce.

Thinking he was going to lick it off his finger I turned away to pick up an
olive.  Willie took advantage of my distraction and rubbed that finger down my
nose.   Then quick as could be he dipped his finger back in the sauce and dobbed
tomato sauce onto each of my cheeks.

My first instinct was to whip it away with the back of my hand, but some little
evil thing inside said wait dummy, lets see what he is up too.  Well it didn't
take long to find out.  Willie bent over and started licking the sauce from my
nose and cheeks.   Well I gotta tell ya folks, it is one erotic feeling to have
someone licking real food off of your body.   My dick was up to full staff
before Willie got to my second cheek.

Once he had licked the sauce off he picked up that little container again and
this time painted all over my nipples, my bellie button and then took the
container, grabbed my cock and dipped it in the sauce.   I was flabbergasted and
just sat there stunned.

Willie didn't give a shit, he just bent over and started licking it all off.   I
was feeling fantastic and started looking for something to rub on Willie's body.  
But instead my eye caught John's.   My face went instant red.   I didn't know
John from Adam and there he was watching Willie lick tomato sauce off my body.  
But John never gave any indication whatsoever that he was even looking at me.  
He just knelt there quietly, breathing gently through his nose.

I don't know how long I stared at John staring at me, but suddenly I heard
Willie make his presance known.

"Ahhummmm", he grunted.  "My dick is feeling lonely", he said.

I looked down and saw that he had dipped his dick in the sauce, so I bent over
real quick and started to clean it off.  Well if I thought his licking sauce off
of me was erotic, licking it off of him was even more so.  Once I had him
cleanded off I looked up to get that sauce.  

"Looking for something Rob?" he asked with that devilish look in his eyes.

"Ya where is that fucking sauce I wanna dip your wick".  I said bluntly.

He gave a little laugh and said,  "well I think John's got it".

I started to look him in the eye but noticed that he was looking over towards
John, so I looked too.   There was John, only kneeling up against the table with
his dick all covered in tomato sauce.  The little container was on the table
right below his 7in uncut cock, which was bobbing up and down.  

"I think John would like you to clean that sauce off his dick Rob", Willie said
with a giggle.   "wouldn't you John?"

"Yes sir, I sure would."  he said with no emotion in his voice.

I didn't need a second invitation.   I scrabbled around that table on my knees
until I was beside him.  John just continued to kneel facing the table.   Why
the hell didn't he turn around, I thought.   Then the answer came to me, John
was a slave.   A very well trained salve, he wouldn't do anything unless told
to.

"Lay down and spread your legs so I can get at that thing John", I ordered
shakily.

Without hesitation John was down, legs spread, his big tomato sauce coverd dong
waving in the air.  It looked so comical I almost broke out laughing, but
figured John would get angry if I did that.   Man do I got a lot to learn about
this slave business.

I crawled inbetween his legs and started licking the sauce from that beautiful
red coated dick.  A few seconds later Willie was there as well but on the
oppossite side and we cleaned Johns dick together.

Every once in a while our tongues would cross which would lead us into a bout of
tongue licking.   This was so erotic, my dick was throbbing again dripping
precum all over the place.

I opend my mouth to take John's thick, purple glans in, but Willie saw what I
was about to do and he was there as well.   So with one half of John's cockhead
in my mouth and the other half  in Willie's we brought our lips together, our
tongue's flicking against the head.   Then we worked our way down the shaft,
keeping our lips together while we flicked our tongues on and around the
throbbing dick.  Once we reached the root of John's love stick we started back
towards the head.

John was moaning and groaning, but we were so absorbed in our own pleasure that
we paid him no attention at all.  All that existed for us was that shaft and our
lips.

When we reached the head, Willie pulled away and went down to take one of John's
walnut sized nuts into his mouth.  Not to be left behind I joined him by
slipping  the other nut into my own mouth.  I then noticed that Willie was
finger fucking John's ass.   Not to be left out, I wrapped a hand around John's
shaft and began to wank his dick while I sucked merrily on his nut.

As we sucked our respective nut, our heads moved closer together until our lips
met and our tongue's met with the nuts between us.  Before I knew what was
happening Willie and I had both spit out the nut and had embraced in a deep
kiss.

Willie pushed me gently backward and soon I was on my back on the plush carpet. 
Willie followed me down never breaking the kiss.    I felt his hand down between
my legs pushing them apart and I cooperated by opening my legs.   Willie crawled
in  and began to play with my dick and balls while we continued our kiss.

Then I felt his throbbing dick brushing against my aching member.   They rubbed
together for a bit while Willie loosened my pussylips.    When he felt it was
loose enough he moved his dick into position and I felt it begin to penitrate my
love hole.   I relaxed my sphincter muscle and Willies 8 inch shaft slid deep
into my guts.   Willie got all the way in on first shove and there was almost no
pain at all, just a bit of an uncomfortable feeling like I had to have a dump,
but it passed quickly.

Willie then began a slow all the way in all the way out rythym.  As he humped
his cockhead brushed against my prostate sending waves of pleasure through my
body.  Willie bent over and started to pinch and pull at my tender nipples,
increasing the pleasure I was feeling.

I raised my arms and took Willies nipples between thumb and forefinger and began
a slow massage to match the rhythm he had set in my pussyhole.   He threw his
head back and moaned in pleasure.    Then bent over and we began a deep,
searching kiss again.

I was riding a wave of pure ectasy and Willie began to pick up the pace.

Willie lifted himself up from my face but kept his steady rhythm.  "John", he
called.  "I want to suck that stick of yours and Rob wants to suck ass."

"Wait a minute here", I protested.  "I do not want to suck ass".

"Oh yes you do", Willie insisted.  "You just didn't know it."

I had forgotten all about poor John, one moment we were turning the poor bugger
on,  the next we had left him cold.     Regardless of what I had to say, John
came scrambling over without a moments hesitation.   He crawled over and spread
his legs apart and he moved over my head.   From my position I could see that
big hard cock, then the balls and as he continued forward, his ass.   Because he
was a slave John was completely hairless.

As he brought his smooth, pink rose bud closer to my hesitant mouth I picked up
this most wonderful of smells.    The closer John's ass got to my face the
sharper this wonderful smell became.   The smell alone was very erotic and I
could feel my dick begin to pulse even stronger than before.   Just before that
asspussy reached my mouth, I realized that the smell was coming from John's
shitter.   He had cleaned himself real good before coming to the room and had
applied some kind of scent to the inside of his pussy.

The smell was so enticing I couldn't resist licking that hole.   The taste was
like nothing I had ever tasted in my life, it was fantastic.    How to describe
it?........hmmm......well.....it was a bit nutty, with just a hint of  mixed
fruit and the barest hint of male musk.  Well don't look at me like that, how
the hell am I supposed to describe it, I havn't got a clue what it was, I was
just smelling and tasting it as I licked away, so get off my case. :)

I may not have liked the idea of licking and sucking ass, but that taste and
smell was just so over powering I couldn't get my tongue in deep enough.   I
licked and sucked that asshole like I was a drowning man and that hole was my
life belt.

Willie must have been doing one hell of a number on John's dick, while I sucked
his pussyhole.   John was moaning and his whole body was vibrating. 

Willie had picked up the pace, and his dick was moving in and out of my asspussy
at a much greater rate.   The constant stimulation of my prostate had me on the
edge of a prescipace and Willie kept me there as he brought John up to the same
edge.

Finally I could feel myself reaching the plateau and knew that within a very few
minutes I would be there and my seed would be pumping up between Willie and
John.   I brought a hand up and began to massage John's nuts and from the
movement of his balls I knew he was close as well.

A minute or so later I felt John's nuts jump up and he began to cum.   That was
all the incentive I needed and my nuts began shooting their payload up between
the two young men hovering over me.  A fraction of a second later I felt Willies
hot seed begin to pump into my cockshute. 

I shot off 4 good strong pulses and a couple of weak ones.    Don't know how
many the other's shot, but it seemed to go on forever.  Finally William pulled
away and then John followed suit.    As John moved back Willie bent over to give
me another big kiss. 

When our lips met Willie opened his mouth and filled mine with a load of John's
cum.   I was taken completely by surprise and almost choked on it, but regained
my senses in time and forced it back into Willie's mouth.   Then he forced it
back into mine.

Just like a couple of kids playing a give and take game, we passed John's sperm
back and forth.   Finally Willie forced it into my mouth and pulled away.   I
had no choice now but to swallow it,  but to be perfectly honest I didn't mind
at all.   It was just as sweet as Willies and my own. 

Then I felt a warm tongue licking my bellie and looking down watched as John
licked up the sperm which I had shot inbetween them.

After we had cleaned each other up, Willie and I embraced and lay back on the
plushly carpeted floor.   Within a few moments we both fell into a relaxed
sleep. 

Willie and I lay locked in each other's arms for just over an hour.   Willie
awoke first and began to play with my nipples, which brought me back from where
ever it is I go when I sleep.

"Hungry?", he asked.

"No not really", I answered.  "But I sure as hell could use a cold drink."

"Anything in particular?",  he asked.  I shook my head no and he asked, "coke
ok".  I gave him the yes nod.

"John", he called. "Get us a couple of cold coke's, and get one for yourself if
you like."

The ever silent John got to his feet and said, "Yes Master William, sir".

We started talking about the club and the contest that I had been in.   I was
thinking about the other three lads that had also been in the competition.  I
shuddered as I thought that in some dark room somewhere those poor guys were
hanging from chains, having the skin torn from their backs by unmerciful whips.

"It doesn't seem right William", I said.   "I mean those lads didn't do anything
wrong.  Just like me they tried their best, but only one can win."

"Rob, you are in a differnet world to what you are used to." he said in a very
serious tone.  "You have entered a world where the norms are not the same.  All
three of those lads are in the positions they are, because they want to be
there.   You were the only one on that stage tonight that did not voluntarily
seek slavery as a way of life.", he paused to let that sink in.

"They will be whipped, for sure, but the skin will not be shredded from their
backs.  The Masters are all experts at inflicting just the right amount of pain
to turn those guys on.   The Masters are not angry with their slave's, or hate
them.   The Masters love their slaves and   are very careful not to hurt his
slave beyond the level of endurance he knows his salve can handle.

The slaves want the pain, they crave the pain and the humiliation and the
degredation that goes with it.   For them it is a normal way of life."  His hand
was rubbing up and down the very back that he had whipped only the night before
as he explained.

I admit I made a couple of mistakes last night.",  he said with real concern in
his voice. 

"You should not have been cut.  I appologize for that, I became tired and should
have quit the moment I noticed it.  But I didn't.   Dad was very angry and
dissapointed with me.  It will be quite some time  before I live this down."  It
looked like a tear had formed in his eye as he said this.

"It is ok William, I don't hold it against you.  It doesn't even hurt anymore." 
I said as I wiped the tear from his eye.

I then leaned over and gave him a tender kiss to demonstrate that I ment what I
said.    I heard a rustle and looked around.   John had returned with the
drinks.   I took mine and pulled back the tab on the can.   I think I drained
half the can on my first swallow.   I couldn't believe how thirsty I was.   
That cold, sweet coke felt good flowing down my parched throat.

John was still standing there, "sit down John and drink up", Willie said.   
John sat and began to drink his coke as he watched and listened to us.

Willie continued from where he had left off. 

"So you see Rob, you really don't need to  worry or be concerned.   Those slaves
will all be ok, in fact I would suspect by now all three of them have shot off
countless loads and are in a blissful state."  He let this point drive home.

"John", Willie asked,  "Tell Rob how you came to be my personal slave".

I looked up in surprise, his personal slave.  I had been thinking John was just
a household slave.  It had never occurred to me that Willie would have a slave. 

"I have always been a very submissive person.", John began.  "As I came into
puberty I also realized that I was gay.  I was not interested in girls at all,
while just seeing a guy in a tight t-shirt would cause my dick to rise."

"It was not easy, being both submissive and gay.  The worst problem was being
gay but being scared to death that someone would find out.  After all the guys
in school were always taking about what they would do with a faggot if they ever
caught one."

"I had just turned 17 when I had my first sexual encounter with another person. 
Erin was my age, we had met the year before when he moved into the apartment
next to ours.  We met the same day he moved in and became instant friends.  We
liked all the same things and from that point on did everything together."

"About a week after my 17th birthday, Erin and I were in my room working on a
school project.  It was very warm and Erin removed his shirt.  Well that was all
I needed to pull a boner.  Usually I was able to hide it, but for some reason,
Erin caught this one."

"Did my removing my shirt do that to you?", he asked.

"I of course went red in the face and stammered and just generally felt shitty,
'cause I thought I was about to loose a good friend.  But Erin was ready for
me."

"Don't sweat it John", he said.  "I have been fairly certain for quite some time
that you might be gay."

"Well that only made my face go even redder."

"It really is ok John", he said reassuringly, "because so am I."

"Well that night we engaged in oral sex and I loved it.   From then on we began
to explore and enjoy our sexuality."

"About a year or so later, Erin came to me one day and said that he had become 
aware of a gay group that practiced slavery.   He said that he had done so
research and had decided that he wanted to turn himself over to a Master and
enter into a life of total servitude to that Master."

"I of course thought he was crazy and tried to talk him out of it, but to no
avail.  He was determined.   From his research he found out that Master Scott
was one of the most respected Masters in this part of the country.  He told me
that he was going to give himself to Master Scott and he did try."

"You might think that a Master would be more than happy to take on a new slave.  
Well there may be Masters that will just take anyone that comes along, but
Master Scott didn't get his reputation by having an open door policy.   He is
very selective when it comes to choosing whom he will train and retain as a
slave."

"Erin returned from his interview with Master Scott very depressed.  After four
hours of baring his soul, Master Scott had said he would study the results of
the interview and give a decision within two weeks.   For the next two weeks
Ering was on pins and needles constantly.   He would jump up and run to the
phone every time it rang."

"While all this was going on, Erin began to fill me in on why he wanted to be a
slave.  The more he talked the more convinced I became that he was right. 
Slowly I began to want the same thing."

"Almost two weeks to the day, the phone call came.   Master Scott would be
willing to take Erin into training.    He was close off all loose ends.  Close
his bank accounts.  Pay off all outstanding bills and give notice to his
landlord.  He must get rid of all his possession.  He would not be permitted to
bring anything with him but the cloths he was wearing.  He had three day to
accomplish this and was to present himself at the main door to a specific
address at exact 10:00 am three days hence."

"Erin was ecstatic and three days later we said our tearful goodbyes.   Once he
was gone the apartment was empty, bare and lonely.  I cried a lot, I missed him
deeply."

"Approximately one week later I was sitting at the kitchen table, crying when
there was a soft knock on the door.  I wiped the tears from my eyes and answered
the door.   When I opened the door I was surprised to see a young boy of about
16 standing there.  He told me he was a friend of Erin's and could he come in
and talk with me for a few minutes.   Well as I said he looked about 16, was
very clean and well dressed so I had no reason not to let him in."

"The few minutes turned out to be a couple of hours.   My visitor was Master
William.   He explained that he was Master Scott's son and that Erin had turned
out to be an ecceptionally good slave, but was very sad because his friend John
was not with him."

"He also explained that Master Scott could not take on anymore slaves at the
moment.  However he, William was looking for a personal slave and would I be
interested.  My first response was an emphatic No.   But as we talked all the
things that Erin had said started to come back and I began to feel a deep need
to give myself to this young boy."

"He then suggested I visit the mansion and see for myself.  He also told me that
if I decided to go ahead with this I would have to sign a contract.   That
contract gave both parties the right to break the agreement at anytime.  Master
William told me that like his father any contract between a him and his slave
also includes funds to help the slave reestablish himself should the contract be
broken.  Those funds are payable to the slave immediately, regardless of who
breaks the contract."

"I visited the mansion, talked with Erin and also talked with David, Master
Scott's slave cook.  I was convinced that I would be much happier here and so
gave my self to Master William.   I have never looked back.   I am very happy
here and would not ever want to go back to my old life."

With that John became very quiet again.

"Is Erin still here?", I asked.

"Yes sir", he replied.  "Our Master's allow us to spend most night's together if
our services are not required for other duties."

"Thank you John", I said.  "Most interesting".

I sat back reflecting on all of what John had just described. 

I then turned to Willie and asked, "So is that how most slaves become slaves?"

"Well not necessarily", he replied. "There are many different ways, but that is
certainly one of them.   In the vast majority of cases it is the slave that
approaches the Master first.  In a few rare cases, such as your own, the Master
sees a very strong candidate for slavery and initiates the contact."

This was all very interesting but there was something else flying around in my
head and I really needed an answer.  So I figured this was as good a time as any
to ask.

"There is something I would really like to know, Willie", I said.   "Somewhere
out there a stranger has my pouch.   Did you, by any chance see who caught it
and is he a half decent sort?"

He looked at me with a rather serious look on his face and I thought,  oh oh
maybe I have stepped into forbidden territory.  He got up from the floor, walked
over towards the door looking for something.   He seemed to have found it
because he bent over and picked something up.   As he turned to come back I
noted that it was his pants.   He came back over beside me and sat down. 
Putting his hand in one of the  pockets, he turned and looked at me with a big
smile on his face. 

"I did", he shouted pulling my pouch out of  the pocket and waving it in my face
as we both broke out into fits of uncontrollable laughter.

I don't think John had any idea what we were laughing about because he just sat
there, silently, sipping his coke and watching us.   There was an amused look in
his eyes, but his face betrayed no emotion at all.

After the fits of laughter finally eased up Willie gave John orders to clean up
and put the food away.   He told him that once he was finished with that he
could go to bed, his services would not be needed anymore this night.

Willie and I adjourned to the big, satin covered bed.   I suddenly realized that
I was extremely tired. 

"Could we go to sleep for a while, Willie?", I asked.  "I am bushed and that
little nap a while ago only made it worse."

"Certainly", he replied.  "I had the same thing in mind.  It has been a very
long day.  If we go to sleep now we will have that much more time to play
tomorrow."

We climbed up onto the bed and shuffled to the centre.   We cuddled up close
gave each other a good night kiss and fell into a deep sleep locked in each
others arms.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or     elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and nonconsenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condon or subscribe to the behaviour discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or     elder@fetchmail.com

Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 16b

Part B

The Next Day

I was lying on my side and awoke to the feeling of a hand playing with my dick
and a warm body pressed up against my back.  I snuggled in and sensed a new
feeling, a hot, hard dick pressed up against the crack in my ass, gently moving
back and forth.

It didn't take long to realize where I was and what was happening.  I just lay
there for a while enjoying this wonderful feeling of waking up to a warm body in
my bed.

The silk sheet that had been covering us began to slide down.  I started to move
to see what was going on, but Willie's strong arm held me back and he whispered
in my ear, "Keep still and enjoy".

The sheet slid right down to the end of the bed and a slight momentary chill
swept over me as the sheet was removed.  However my body quickly adjusted to the
warmth of the room.

A strong hand lifted my foot slightly and a hot tongue began to massage the
bottom of my foot.   My cock reacted immediately by giving a jerk and filling to
the maximum.  It became so hard it felt like it would burst and was most
uncomfortable for a few seconds.  But the erotic pleasure of having a hard cock
rubbing against my ass crack, a hand playing with my dick and balls and a hot
tongue licking my foot overcame any sensations of pain that I might have felt. 
I was filled with the most intense pleasure.

I was moaning, almost on the verge of a scream, from over excited nerve ends,
sending unending rounds of pleasure to my fevered brain.

I had my eyes closed luxuriating in all of this when I felt the head of a hard
cock press against my lips.  Without thinking my lips parted and my tongue
darted out to start licking on this unexpected treat.  I licked around the big
glans for a bit and then opened wide and took that head into my eager mouth. 

Willie, not content with just rubbing his dick up and down my ass crack and
wanking my now throbbing joystick, began to bite playfully on my neck and
shoulders.

The hot tongue on my foot had found it's way up to my toes and was licking and
sucking each one individually.  After each toe had had a good licking and
sucking that warm tongue began working it's way up the leg.

Then another exquisite surprise, another strong hand latched onto the other
foot, lifted it slightly and began to lick.

I was just about out of my mind with pleasure when the first tongue reached my
scrotum.   Willie kept wanking my dick as a warm mouth encased first one of my
nuts and then the other.

After finishing on my balls that tongue made it's way to that sensitive area
behind the scrotum but in front of the annus.  It licked and tickled that area
driving me even higher.   I was screaming in pleasure but all that came out was
muffled sounds.   The cock that was buried deep in my throat  was the fortunate
recipient of the vibrations from my pleasure screams.

Willie's hand suddenly came off my cock and was replaced by a hot mouth.  While
the tongue licked my glans, Willie's hand moved slowly up to my chest and found
my sensitive nipples which must have been sticking out a mile by now.

The cock in my mouth was throbbing and felt like it was going to blow at any
moment.   My own dick was throbbing and pulsing as it slid in and out of the
throat of.........ah....well a..?    Shit I didn't even know whose cock was down
my own throat.

But I was working on that cock, giving it all the pleasure my limited experience
could muster.  And it responded by suddenly filling my mouth with a load of
sweetly acidic man juice.

My own dick not wanting to be out done began to fill the mouth
of..........ah....?  Hell I didn't know who was sucking my cock either.  But
that wasn't going to stop me from unloading my hot cream down his throat.

In the midst of all of this, Willie began to unload his own nuts up against my
back.   The hot loads of cream provided a lubrication that changed the whole
feel of that dick and sent new sensations through me.   I think I tried to
scream out my pleasure again but had to cut it back real quick as I started to
choke  on, whomever's, man juice, that was pumping in unending streams down my
throat.

The dick sucker continued to suck my dick dry as I did to whomever's cock was
down my throat.  Willie just kept humping my wet, slimy back, while someone else
was still sucking on my toes.

Finally the cock pulled out of my mouth and pulled away.   I opened my eyes to
see a beautiful young man I had never seen before.   His body was also bereft of
any hair except the head and it was a golden yellow.  

His chest was broad and his pecs well developed.  This boy was no stranger to a
gym that was for sure.   His dick that was slowly deflating was hanging there at
about 7in and was uncut.  I looked up at his face and he gave me a big smile.

The mouth pulled away from my cock but I was so mesmerized by this big beautiful
hunk standing in front of me that I didn't even notice.

Willie said, "Roll onto your stomach Rob".

Finding it difficult to take my eyes of the young man I did as Willie commanded,
but kept the lad in focus, but only for a second.  As soon as I was on my
stomach he leaned over and joined Willie licking the cum from my back.

"Wackkkkk".  I suddenly jumped cursing from a slap to the ass.  Willie broke out
into gales of laughter.

"What's wrong Rob, didn't you know you can not have pleasure without pain", and
he howled in laughter again.

Unable to control myself I began laughing as well.   When I finally got it under
control I grabbed Willie and pulled him close, planting my lips squarely on his.

He returned the kiss, our tongues probing, tasting the bittersweet taste of cum
which lingered in both our mouths.

When we pulled apart I said, "Good morning Willie, and thanks".

He just smiled and returned the greeting, "Good morning to you as well Rob my
love".

"I guess you have not met Erin, the big dick you just finished sucking."  He
said with a smirk.

"Rob meet Erin, Erin meet Rob," he said with a big smile.

We shook hands and said the usual glad to meet you's.

"You certainly must remember John from last night.   Me thinks John has a thing
for your cock."

My face went a little red, but John just gave a big smile.

"Last but not least, the toe sucker," he gave a giggle as he said this, "the toe
sucker is none other than our wonderful cook, David.  So Rob meet David,  David
meet Rob."

David squiggled up and shook my hand as Willie went on.

"Ok first things first, let's go empty our bladders then have breakfast before
we go get cleaned up.  How's that sound."

"Fine with me", I answered.

John, Erin and David quickly left the room while , Willie and I headed for the
bathroom.   We emptied our bladders, gave our faces a splash of cold water and
then headed back to the bedroom.

We headed for the alcove where the sofa, chairs and coffee table were located.  
All three boys had returned carrying large trays.  With practiced expertise, the
boys set about serving breakfast.   A plate with a large silver dome was placed
in front of me.   A set of utensils, wrapped in a scarlet table nappy was placed
beside the plate.  David removed the dome revealing a huge mound of scrambled
eggs, a generous helping of home fries, a thick slice of ham, rashers of bacon
and four sausages.  

A mug was placed beside my plate as I unwrapped the utensils from the nappy.  A
big pot of coffee was placed on the table along with all the condiments and a
huge plate of toast. 

It would seem that everyone at this table was equal this morning.   Everyone had
the same service.  Once the boys had set everything out they pulled up the
chairs and set about devouring this huge, delicious breakfast.

We all ate in silence for a while but Willie began a discussion about baseball
and for the next hour we ate, drank coffee and well.....were just five normal,
but naked, guys enjoying breakfast and each other's company.

When breakfast was finished  Willie got up.

He turned to John and said, "John we will have a full clean up this morning".

"Yes sir", John said in response returning to the slave role.   He and Erin got
up and headed for the bathroom.

"Now Rob get ready for a shower and shave like you have never had before.", he
said with a smile on his face.

He got up from the sofa, waited a moment for me to rise and then ushered me
towards the bathroom with his outstretched hand.  David I noticed as I turned
was busy cleaning up the breakfast remains.

Now what? I thought to myself as I headed towards the bathroom.  What does this
little rouge have up his sleeve this time.   Well so far his schemes have all
resulted in intense pleasure so who the hell am I to argue.

When I entered I could see the lid had been removed from the whirlpool and two
large leather covered tables had been set up.  Each had a set of stirrups
sticking up on each side.

Willie headed right to one of the tables and indicated that I should take the
other.  

"Shave first Rob, then the luxury", he said with a giggle.

He lay back on his table and I did the same.  A moment later John was by his
side and Erin by mine.  He had what looked like a big pail that he place on a
small tray beside the table.  From it he pulled a hot towel which he wrapped
around my face, leaving a small hole for my nostrils.

The towel was hot, but not unpleasant.  I felt the radiant heat sinking deeper
into the pours of my face.  It felt wonderful.

After what seemed an hour but in reality couldn't have been more that 5 or 10
min., Erin removed the towel and brought a shaving mug with brush into sight.  
After filling the brush he proceeded to soap down my face.   Like a barber he
shaved me expertly with a straight razor.

Once my face was done, he proceeded to soap up my chest, then shaved it.  After
shaving my abs he had me place my feet in the stirrups, he made some adjustments
and my legs were spread wide open giving him full access to my most private
parts.  As usual I could feel the blood pump into the small veins on my face,
the embarrassment showing again. 

Next my legs were denuded  then my  arms.   Finally he had me turn over and
shaved my ass cheeks, the crack and all around my hot little pussy.  

When he was finished he gave me a  rub  down with an oil that had the most
intoxicating smell.   I had never smelt anything like it before in my life.

After the shaving it was into the whirlpool.  Willie and I sat together and
talked about computers and programs. 

As we talked I watched the boys wash down the tables they had used to shave us. 
Then they covered the tables with what looked like flannel sheets.  A metal rod
was attached on the side of the each table, close to one of the stirrups.  They
reminded my of the IV holders used in hospital.

John went to a cupboard and took out what looked like water bottles made of red
rubber.   Erin went to another cupboard and removed an assortment of clear
plastic hoses.  The hoses were draped over the rods on the tables and the water
bottles were taken to the sink.

John poured something from a white bottle into each of the water bottles and
then the bottles were filled with water.   The sides of the bottles bulged as
they filled.   Once filled and stoppered they were brought over to the table and
clipped to the rods.

The hoses were then attached to the bottles.  It was a kind of eerie sight, two
beds draped in white flannel, with a red IV hanging along the side and stirrups. 
It actually looked kind of funny and I gave a little laugh inside.

"All's ready sir", John called to Willie.

"Great", he responded.  "Let's go Rob."

We got out of the whirlpool and John and Erin where there to wrap and dry us in
big fluffy towels.

Once dry we headed back to the tables.  Willie jumped up onto his and placed his
feet in the stirrups right away.  Not one to be left behind in the crowd, I
followed suit.

The position of the stirrups had been changed and I found my feet and legs away
up in the air and spread wide.  It was a kind of embarrassing situation.  After
all I had only just met Erin, so what if I had sucked his cock.  We were still
strangers and here I was exposing my most intimate parts to him again.

Erin took my left arm raised it over my head and fastened my wrist to  a leather
cuff at the top of the table.  He then did the same with the right arm.

Oh oh, I thought what is going on that they have to bind me to this fucking
table. 

Then Erin bound each of my ankles to the stirrup.

"Ever had an enema before, sir", he asked.

What the fuck, an enema.  I didn't want no fucking enema.  What the hell was I
going to do.  Willie was laying there just waiting for it.  Shit I guess I
really don't have much fucking choice.   Wish he had of mentioned this earlier.

"Ah.....no I haven't Erin", I said haltingly.

"Your a little uptight about it Sir, no need to be.   It will just feel like you
are filling up.   It is not unpleasant at all.", he reassured me.

"Ah..ok", I said and just waited apprehensively for it to begin.

Erin began by massaging around my boypussy he had lubricated his fingers
beforehand.  The finger rub felt great and I could feel my dick begin to rise. 
Then he suddenly sunk a finger deep into my chute.  That initial intrusion is
always a bit uncomfortable and the tendency is to want to shit it out.  I
withheld that impulse and just enjoyed the feeling of that finger working around
inside my chute.

A sudden feeling of loss enveloped me when the finger was withdrawn.  But that
feeling of loss was short lived.  As it was replaced by what?  A tube of plastic
or rubber I think, from my position I could not see, only feel.  Feel it I did
as it slid in and in and in.  It seemed like it had gone in far enough to come
out my mouth.

"Ok, Sir", Erin said.  "The probe is in and I am about to turn on the flow.  The
water is quite warm and you will find it a very pleasant experience.  As it
flows in you may also get the urge to shit it out.  Don't.   You must hold it
until I give you the word or we will have one hell of a mess.  Ok?"

"Yes", I said, "understood.  I will hold it".

Erin opened the tape and a warm sensation began to fill my bowels.  At first it
was so relaxing.  I felt at peace with the world and just enjoyed.  I felt the
flow begin to lessen and looked up.  The water bottle had deflated and looked
empty.  

Erin was right there and disconnected the bottle and took it down.  He then hung
up a new one that was bulging.  A few quick movements and I could feel the flow
begin again.

"Ahhhhgggh", I cried out in pain as a sudden cramp shot through my intestines.

"It's ok Sir", Erin said soothingly.  "That's natural.   You will be getting
more cramps but hold on.   The cramps won't hurt you, just a bit uncomfortable."

"Oh shit", I said, "that was a hell of a lot more than just uncomfortable.  It
felt like my insides were tearing apart.  And I could see that my stomach had
begun to rise. 

"I think you got more in me than I can take.", I warned Erin.

"Believe me, Sir", Erin again soothed.  "Your insides are not tearing apart. 
You still have another bottle to go before you will be filled."

"Holy fuck", I whined, "I can't take another bottle, I'll fucking burst."

"Stop whining like a baby", Willie called from his own bed.  "The waters going
to clean you out real good.   You will get to like it after a while.   After all
you are going to get one every morning from now on."

Well that shut up my whining.  Every morning!  They were going to do this to me
every morning.   Well this was one thing I was not going to get used to, I
thought as another cramp shot through my guts.   The cramps were coming much
closer together now and the second bottle was still flowing.  Erin said I had to
take another bottle.  Well I was going to be in a lot of pain in a very few
minutes, I was sure of that.

By the time the third bottle had emptied it's contents into my aching guts I was
fairly certain I was going to die.  The cramps kept coming, invading every part
of my soul as they slammed through my guts.

At one point the pain was so bad I tried to expel the invader,  but found that
my sphincter was not working.   Try as I might I could not get the sphincter to
open.   The probe which was used to infuse my system also sealed it.

Tears of pain were coursing down my cheeks as I begged Erin to remove the probe. 
But in that pleasant, soothing voice he told me to hold on.

How long had it been since the flow stopped?  An hour?  Two hours?  A day, a
week?  It seemed like forever.   All I could think about was expelling this
horror from my guts.

"Ok, Sir", Erin said, "time to empty your bowels.  I will place a special
receptacle up against your back end.  Then I will pull the probe.  You must hold
that water in for about 10 seconds while I get the receptacle in place.  Can you
manage that?"

"Yes", I gasped.  "Just do it quickly, Erin.  Please just do it quickly."

I felt part of the table pull away from under my ass cheeks.  Then something
made of metal and cold touched me.  

"Ok, Sir, I am pulling the probe so hold your sphincter closed after the probe
is removed." Erin ordered.

I felt the probe slide out.  The need to release the flood was great.   I wasn't
sure how long I could hold it while Erin positioned the receptacle.  To my
horror Erin began to walk away from the table still holding the receptacle which
he had been holding under my ass.

"What are you doing Erin," I screamed.  "Get that thing under my ass, I can't
hold this shit, I can't".

"Just hold on for a moment, Sir.", Erin said.  "I'll be right back."

The son-of-a-bitch then left the room.  I went into complete panic mode.  My
guts were filled with god only knows how many gallons of hot water.  The probe
that was holding it in has been removed.  Cramps were coursing through my guts
in protest to this liquid intruder.  I had my sphincter clamped tightly closed
but it is weakening from the onslaught within and threatening to let go and blow
this foul concoction all over this fucking bathroom.

"Calm down Rob", Willie's soft voice intruded on my panic.  "Just relax and
concentrate on holding the sphincter closed.   You can do it.   Block out the
cramps, think of that little muscle clamping around a hard cock as it screws the
shit out of your ass."

"Very funny", I replied.  "Well if I let go it will be the fault of you and
junior wise guy.   You can both have fun cleaning up the mess."

"Well now that ain't the way it works Rob," he said sounding a little more
authoritative.  "If you make the mess you will have to clean it up.  There is 
something else you will have to take into consideration.   If you let go, Erin
will know and when dad asks him about today he will tell him everything.   You
can be sure that if you blow that enema all over, dad is going to know." he
paused for effect.

"Now I won't punish you, other than to make you clean it up, but if dad finds
out, he WILL punish you. He will punish you regardless of any punishment I might
have given and I can assure you it won't be pleasant.  Remember you are dad's
slave not mine. So I think it might be better if you hold on tight just a little
longer."

That was all I needed to hear.  Now ontop of the worry of trying to hold this in
I had to worry about what hellish thing would happen to me if I didn't.

Tears were falling down my cheeks from the severe cramping and now I had begun
to shake from the severe terror I was feeling.  What had started out as a
pleasant shave and bath had turned into a horror story.

Just when I felt I could not hold that mess inside my body one more second, Erin
returned.

"Sorry I was so long, Sir."  Erin said sincerely.  "I had to take the Master a
cup of coffee.   Are you ready to drain yet?', he asked innocently.

I wanted to scream, yes you fucking fool, but thought better of it and just
said, "Please".

Erin placed the receptacle up against my ass and my sphincter released at almost
the same moment.

Water and god knows what all else came shooting out at tremendous force.  I felt
the receptacle move slightly away from my ass from the force of the goop hitting
the bottom.  Wave after wave of affluent shot down my shoot.   The cramps ceased
with the first release, bringing me instant relief.

After I had unloaded what seemed like gallons, Erin told me to close my
sphincter while he changed receptacles.  I closed my sphincter and Erin hurried
away to the toilette to dump it.

While he was at the toilette another cramp engulfed my insides.   The pressure
around my sphincter began to build and it felt like it was going to let go.

"Erin hurry", I pleaded.  "I can't hold it."

"Be right there, Sir", Erin said, but he didn't speed up.   He just took his own
sweet time rinsing the fucking pot and then drying the top.

I became almost hysterical.  "Erin, hurry.  Please hurry", I screamed.

"Coming Sir," he said but didn't move one iota faster.

Meanwhile the pressure was building and building.   I tired to think of anything
but the building pressure and concentrated on keeping that sphincter closed.

Finally Erin returned and placed the receptacle back in place and I was able to
get blessed relief.  It would be a long, long time before I would ever again
feel kindly towards or comfortable around, Erin.

After a while the spasms died and the last of the water and shit expelled from
my poor, battle weary bowel.   But I was now feeling wonderful.  Of course the
fact that I was no longer feeling those terrible cramps may have had something
to do with it.

Then I watched in horror as Erin placed another bottle on the hook and attached
the hoses.  He picked up the probe and brought it to my ass pucker.

"Now it's time for your rinse", he said with a smile.

"Please Erin, don't do this," I pleaded.

"Have to Sir", he said.  "Can't leave any of that dirty water in there.   It
won't be as bad this time, I promise."

I had no choice.  I knew that water was going up my ass with or without my
permission.  Being bound to the table I could do nothing to stop the intrusion.

The probe slipped right in and in a few seconds warm water again began to fill
my bowels.   Again it felt good going in.  But I lay there waiting for the
cramps to start.  Dreading that moment. 

But none came.  The second bottle was hooked up and began to flow.  The fear and
tenseness had left and I was beginning to relax and enjoy.  The second bottle
was just about all in when the first cramp came, however it was not bad and I
could handle it.

By the time the third bottle was in, I was getting regular cramping, but none
were as severe as the first time round.   I really didn't mind them all that
much.  Maybe they were right, could it be I was already getting used to them?

Once the bottle was empty he disconnected it.   He left the probe in and went
and got the receptacle.  He placed it up against my ass, pulled out the probe
and told me to, "let her rip cowboy".

The remark was so funny I couldn't help but start to laugh just as all that
water, under high pressure, burst forth.  The release felt grand and it just
kept on rushing out.

At the half way point, Erin told me to close and lock my sphincter.  I don't
know how I managed but I did.  This time he didn't leave me.  He just bent over
and placed the full container on the floor and picked up an empty one.  As soon
as it was in place he told me to open up and the rush was on again.

While I was emptying I began to think about what the hell had gone on during the
first round.  Erin had purposely left me to hold onto all that water.   He had
taken his time on purpose making me squirm in pain.   This was not Erin's doing.  
He was a slave and never did anything without permission.  Someone had put him
up to this, now I wonder who that someone might be.

Well it really didn't take a lot of wondering to know and whether that laddie
knew it or not he was in for a surprise.   It make take a while, but you can be
very sure I will get back at him.  He broke my reverie by calling out.

"Ok Rob, it's back to the whirlpool for us", Willie said as he jumped down from
his table.  

I suddenly realized that I was empty and Erin was over by the toilette emptying
the containers.  Willie came over and unfastened my shackles. 

"Sorry we had to restrain you, but if we hadn't you would have put up a fuss and
then I would have had to order punishment.", Willie said with a smile.  "Now we
wouldn't want to spoil our time together with me pulling rank, now would we."

It's ok you little prick, I thought to myself with a smile.   I will get you
back.  This was going through my mind as I followed Willie to the whirlpool.

Once settled in the whirlpool I just lay back and let the hot swirling water
wash away my aches and pains.   It felt wonderful after the events of the last
30 minutes or so.

"Isn't this great Rob?", Willie asked. 

"Yes it is Willie",  I answered with my eyes closed.

"How'd you like that enema?   Just the thing to start of the day, don't ya
think?"

"Willie,"  I said through clenched teeth, "If I never have another enema it will
be too soon.  I class that experience right along with that fucking cage, the
dogs and the whip.  Been there, done that, don't want to go back."

Willie just roared out with laughter.

"Oh poor Rob", he said with mock pity.  "Believe it or not you are going to love
enema's.   It will get to a point where you just won't be able to start the day
without one.   For some guy's and I guess you are one of those, the first few
times are pretty rough,  but it will get better as you get used to them."

"Willie do I really have to have one everyday?", I questioned.

"Afraid so Rob.   Dad insists on it.   Everyone that lives in this house has an
enema every morning.  Sometimes, depending on whether or not we are
entertaining, it may also be necessary to have one in the late afternoon."

I let the subject drop and just relaxed letting the hot water rejuvenate my
body.  Wasn't able to do that for very long though, Willie had slid silently
over and had a hand wrapped around my cock and it was rising, again.

Once the boys had the enema mess cleaned up they joined us in the whirlpool.  
The next thing you know all four of us were sitting side-by-side wanking each
other as the hot water swirled around our bodies.

"I want to do your boypussy, Rob", Willie whispered in my ear.

"Here in the tub?", I asked incredulously.

"Why not", he said, "can't think of a better place."

"Well ok", I replied dubiously

"Just stand up, turn round, bend over and grab the side of the pool", he
instructed.

I did as instructed and soon felt his hard rod pressing against my ass crack.  
I pushed up my ass to make it easier for him and felt his hand guiding his hard
cock to my love hole.

Once it was there he just gave a little shove and it slid right in.   It felt
fantastic.  He started a slow, rhythmic hump.   I notice the boys get up.  John
went around behind Willie and I knew instantly what was about to go down.

John made his way to Willie's back end.   Willie had to do all the work though. 
John placed just the head of his hard cock inside Willie's hole.  On the back
stroke Willie would impale himself on John's dick and on the foreword stroke
would impale me on his. 

Now Erin was ready to join this melee.  He made his way behind John and as
Willie started the back stroke Erin began a forward stroke.   Soon John had
Erin's cock sliding up his pussyhole while his own dick was forced up Willie's.  
I kinda got the impression that these guys had done this before.   The were just
too well coordinated to be beginners.

So I wouldn't feel completely left out, if that were possible with a dick stuck
up my ass, Willie began to wank my dick in time with the fucking.

If ya ain't never fucked in a whirlpool or  hot tube, ya just don't know what ya
bin missin'.  This truly was a fantastic experience.  The feel of the swirling
water around the loins and balls just added immeasurably to the effect.   Even
the sound of the swirling water splashing against naked bodies lent something to
the overall erotic sensations surrounding me.

Each time Willie's dick rubbed against my prostate the sensations increased 10
fold.   I had become 175 lbs of pure animal in rut.  I could hear my moans of
ecstasy resounding from the walls and driving me higher and higher.

My insides were on fire with an insatiable need to feel Willie's cock ramming
home.   He had picked up the speed of his onslaught, as had Erin.  John had
joined me with loud moans of pleasure filling the bathroom, echoing from the
walls, sounding like an army of men in the throes of ecstasy instead of four.

The sensations passing through my prostate were greater and greater and the need
to cum had reached a crescendo. 

With a scream, "Oh fuck....fuck my ass Willie, fuck my ass.   Drive that cock
deep into me Willie.  Fuck me. aaaaaaaiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"

I emptied my load into the swirling waters of the whirlpool as Willie pumped my
dick.   Then I felt him unload up my ass.   A shout from John told me he was
unloading in Willie and finally a small shout from Erin gave way to his pumping
his load into John.   Willie and Erin kept pumping away until they were dry and
could pump no more.  They all pulled out and we all sat back down and just let
the water swirl around us as we let our breathing slowly return to normal.

We all just lay there for the longest time, heads back, eyes closed.   Totally
and completely relaxed.   When I finally opened my eyes John and Erin were
locked in an embrace, mouths tightly locked together doing the tongue ballet.

I looked towards Willie, but he had his head back and eyes closed.  From the
gently heaving of his chest it looked like he might be asleep.

I bent over, careful not to touch any other part of his body and planted a
gentle kiss on his cheek.   He opened his eyes and looked deep into mine.   Our
arms lifted at the same moment, wrapping around each other and pulling tight. 
Soon we had joined John and Erin in our own rendition of the tongue ballet.

When we finally broke that kiss, Willie whispered,   "I think maybe it is time
for a shower, how about you?"

"Yes, I think that would be nice Willie."

We climbed out of the tub and headed for the shower. Willie turned on the water
and adjusted the temperature.   The whirlpool had raised our body temperature
quite a bit and it was almost uncomfortable.   Willie adjusted the shower temp
to help cool us down.

We climbed under the huge shower head together.   The cool water cascading down,
through our hair, onto our shoulders, down the back and front, across the ass
and cock to fall to the floor or run down a leg.

Once we had cooled down sufficiently, we moved out from under the direct shower
spray.  Willie squeezed some liquid soap from the dispenser into his hands and
began rubbing soap all over me.  I followed suit and soon the two of us were
playing like a couple of kids, laughing and slapping at each other.   We were
covered from head to toe in white soap bubbles.

He filled his hand with more soap and grabbed my pecker and began to kneed the
soap in.  Of course that meant that I had to do the same.   In no time at all we
were both sporting woodies that any sportsman would have been proud of.

Then Willie's hand was busy washing my asspussy.   He rubbed and rubbed.  The
more he rubbed the hornier I got.  Precum was now beginning to dribble from my
pecker slit.  My rubbing of his asspussy was achieving much the same effect.

This went on for a while before we moved back under the shower head and washed
everything away, except the woodies. 

Willie got down on his knees, the water from the showerhead hitting the back of
his head and took my throbbing dick in his mouth.  His expert mouth soon had me
blowing my hot seed down his throat,  mind you I only managed two spirits.   My
poor nuts just had not had time to build up much more than that.

As he started to stand I went down.  My turn to feel a cock in my mouth and
throat.   I took it and worked it like I had been cock starved for half my life,
which in reality was probably true.   I must be learning because it didn't take
very long before Willie was filling my mouth and throat with his lovely boy
juice.  Willie had managed to shoot much more than I was capable of.  He pumped
five good loads down my throat and I had to swallow quickly to keep up.  I
caught it all and swallowed, not loosing a single drop.

We embraced and gave each other a nice long kiss.   When we parted we each
grabbed a little soap and gave each others dicks one more wash.  A quick rinse
and we got out of the shower and grabbed a couple of big soft towels to dry
down.

As we got out of the shower, John and Erin stepped in.  Now that shower does not
have a curtain and Willie and I watched as John and Erin pretty much followed
the same routine we had.

Watching this, I suddenly felt a feeling of contentment flow through my body. 
It was as if I had known these 3 guys my  whole life.   Like we were brothers.  
I suddenly felt that I was home, that I belonged,  a feeling I had not had in
many, many years.

When we returned to the bedroom I was surprised to see Henry there.

"Good afternoon William, good afternoon Pussyboy", he said as he got up out of
one of the easy chairs.

Your dad would like you and Pussyboy to join him for lunch in," he paused to
look at his watch, "20 minutes.  He would prefer you dress, he has a guest. 
Also he would like Pussyboy to wear the proper attire."

"Ok, Henry", Willie replied, "We will be there."

Henry turned and left the room.

"A guest", Willie pondered.  "I wonder what is going on.   We don't usually have
guests for lunch.  He wants you in proper attire as well, so one things for
sure",  he paused and looked at me.  I raised my eyebrows waiting for the rest
of this.

"The guest will most certainly be a Master and an important one at that."

Twenty minutes later we headed for the elevator.  Willie was wearing a light
coloured sports shirt, tan slacks with white loafers and socks.

I on the other hand was wearing the slaves outfit that I had worn the night
before.  I felt like a complete fool.

"When we get down stairs don't forget to always address me as Sir.", Willie
cautioned.  "Stay a couple of steps behind when we walk and when I come to a
stop get down on your knees.  Just follow the routine from last night and
everything will be fine.  If this is an important Master it will be imparative
that you put on a good show."

We exited the elevator and walked down the hall.  Willie stopped in front of a
door and turned to me.

"Ready?", he asked.

I took a deep breath and nodded ascent.

Willie opened the door and we enter a small, for this building, but ornate
dinning room.  The Master was seated at the far end of the table, facing the
door.   His guest had his back to us and did not bother to turn around.

Willie entered and walk around the table to a spot in the centre I followed
right behind never taking my eyes off of him.   As soon as he sat down I got
down on my knees just behind and to the left of his chair.  I settled back on my
heels and did not look around.  I knew the penalty for moving and was not
prepared to pay it. 

I could just make out the guest by moving my eyes all the way to the right but
could not divine his features.  My suspense was alleviated almost immediately
when Willie spoke.

"Why Master Jackson, what a pleasant surprise.",  Willie said in a most cordial 
and respectful tone.  "It is always so nice of you to drop by."

"Thank you William", he replied.  "Guess I don't go out as much as I used to. 
So much to keep me busy at home and the club, just don't seem to be able to find
the time."

"Bill has brought Fuckface over for us, William.", the Master said.

Fuckface, here?  How come I wondered.

"That was awfully good of you Sir," William said.  "We know how busy you are and
we could have come for him or sent Frank."

"That's ok, William", Master Jackson replied, "I really did need to get out for
a bit.   I think maybe I am spending much to much time on business and not
enough on me."

"Well I for one will agree with that", the Master said forcefully.  "I have been
after you for quite sometime now to start turning more of your duties over to
some of the younger Masters."

The conversation went on pretty much like this for the remainder of the lunch. 
I was not invited to eat, drink or even engage in any of the conversation.  It
was as boring as hell and I couldn't wait for the damned thing to be over with.

When they were finally finished the Master stood up, Master Jackson and Willie
did as well.   I assumed that I was to stay put unless Willie moved so did just
that.

The Master began to walk away from the table then stopped and quickly turned.

"Stay", he said to the back of his chair.

I thought is he going bonkers or what.  I almost giggled it looked so funny.

Willie then turned to me and said the same thing, "Stay".

Then all three of them left the room.  Once they were out of sight I shifted
around to see what or whom the Master had told to, "Stay".  I could just make
out a shoulder.

"Is that you Fuckface?"  I whispered.

"Ya, be quiet before you get us both strung up for a whipping." he responded.

Now ain't this an interesting turn of events I thought to myself.   All kinds of
thoughts were going through my mind as I waited for Willie to return.

It must have been a good 15 minutes or so before Willie and the Master reentered
the dinning room. 

"Well just keep him with you for now", the Master was saying as they entered. 
"We will decide tonight on how we will work this."

"Yes Sir,"  Willie said.  "Fuckface, on your feet." he ordered.  "You too
Pussyboy."

"Follow me." he ordered as he started out of the room. 

Fuckface and I were both on our feet in a flash following Willie out of the
room.

As soon as the elevator door closed Willie broke out into a fit of laughter.

"What the hell do you find so funny", I sneered.

Fuckface's face went red and I saw fear in his eyes when he heard me address
Willie like that.   Willie must have seen it as well.

"Relax Fuckface you are really going to have a good time for the next few
hours." then he broke out laughing again.

I just shrugged my shoulders and watched. 

The elevator arrived at W and we all got off and headed for Willie's room.  John
was there but Erin was nowhere to be seen.

"What's your real first name, Fuckface," Willie asked the bewildered slave.

"Uhhh....Edward....uhhh...Ed Sir", he stammered.

"Ed, mmmmm great name", said Willie.  "Until we go back down stairs later that's
what we will all call you.   Can't stand the name Fuckface."

"Is that all right with you Ed?" he asked the even more bewildered Ed.

"Ah....yes..Sir", he replied.

"Good, so Ed it shall be.  So Ed, this here mouthy slave is Rod and over there
the quiet one is John."  We all nodded but didn't shake hands.

"Did you get your full cleaning this morning Ed?"  Willie asked.

"No Sir the house was pandemonium.   The Master was in a foul mood for having
lost me so I just had the shave sir," he replied.

"How would you like to give Ed his enema Rod?" Willie asked me.

"Me?", I asked astonished.  "I don't know how to give an enema".

"Do you know how to stick a spoon into a dish of ice cream?  Well it's not
really much different."

Bullshit.  Sticking a spoon in a dish of ice cream was as different as night and
day.

"Oh come on", he said with a grin.  "I'll help you.  You have to learn anyway
because dad is going to want you to do him one of these days."

"What", I uttered in surprise.  "He is going to want me to give him an enema. 
Oh god I'll never be able to do it Willie."

"Stop worrying silly one.   It is easy as you will soon find out."

So it was off to the bathroom the four of us went.   Interesting four of us to
give one young lad an enema.   I wonder if it is just an enema that will be
given or does Willie have other things on his mind. 

John went right away to the wall where the tables had been last time.  He pushed
something on the wall and the lower half began to raise.   Once it was up he
pulled the table out.  It was on wheels and rolled out quietly.

Willie and I went to the cupboard where the bottles were kept and pulled out
three.  After handing me the bottles he reached back in and pulled out the white
bottle.   I had seen John pour something form a bottle just like this into the
enema bag before filling it.

"What is that?", I asked Willie.

"Well I guess I could lead you down the garden path and say that it is a magic
potion, guaranteed to make you horny.  But somehow don't think you would buy
that.", he giggled.

"This my dear Rob is good old fashioned dishwashing detergent.  Cleans grease
and grime off the dirtiest dishes.  And cleans out a mans shit chute making it
sparkling clean.", again he broke into laughter.

"It is part of the reason you had those cramps so bad.  You will get used to it
rob.", he stated, giggling again.

"Soap is needed to clean the chute.  We do a lot of ass fucking around here and
it is important from a health stand point to be as clean as possible.  I mean do
you want your dong all covered in someone else's shit?"

I shook my head no.

"There a very good reason to have an enema every day."

Ed had climbed up on the table while Willie was explaining all of this to me and
John was helping him get settled.

Willie watched as I filled the first bottle and he showed me how to measure just
the right amount of detergent.  He said about a quarter teaspoon or one short
squirt from the bottle.   He also said that eventually I would become expert at
knowing exactly how much to use.

Once the first bottle was filled I carried it over to the table.  Willie
continued to fill the other bottles.   When I got to the table, John showed me
how to hook the bottle to the rod and then to connect the hoses.

Once the hoses were connected he had me put some lube on my index finger and
slowly work around Ed's pink rose bud.

I worked my finger around for a bit to make sure his cuntlips were well lubed
then pushed my finger gently up his hole.  I was surprised at how loose his ring
was.   I was thinking that Ed must have taken a lot of cock up his ass.

Once I felt the inside was lubed enough I pulled my finger out and John handed
me the knozzle or probe.  It was about three quarters of an inch in diameter. 
Had a hole at the apex of the rounded end and a few holes along the sides.

I watched as John rubbed some lube around the probe before handing it to me. 

"Just push it in gently, feel it glide in, don't force it", John instructed.

I pushed the rounded head up against Ed's hole and gently pushed it in.  It slid
right in, just like my finger had.  In just a few seconds the entire 7 in length
of the probe was deep in Ed's ass.

John then showed me the valve that would release the water and start the flow. 

I asked Ed if he was ready and he replied yes.   I turned the valve and the
water started to flow.

It didn't take long before the bag was empty and Willie was there with a fresh
one.  This time they both stood back and watched as I unhooked the empty bag and
hooked up the full one.   I then reattached the hoses and opened the valve.

"See", said Willie with a smile.  "Ya did that like ya had bin' doin' it all yer
life."

Ya I did didn't I, I thought to myself.   In fact I had done so well I was
feeling rather proud of myself.

The third bottle was connected and it drained into Ed.   As the bottles drained
in I could see his stomach rise.   But there was no sign of pain.  Ed just lay
there enjoying it.   I couldn't believe that he wasn't feeling any pain.   I
mean this same treatment when I had it felt like it was killing me.  Maybe
Willie was right, eventually you get used to it and begin to like it.  I gave a
little shiver, thinking about the, "getting used to," part.

Once the third bottle was empty it was disconnected. 

"That enema has to stay in for five or six minutes to do it's job properly,"
John said.  "So you stick real close to Ed and have the pail ready incase he
can't hold it.  Sometimes even the most experienced cannot hold, and the enema
will accidentally release.  You have to be ready to place the container,
otherwise you end up with a hell of a mess to clean up."

"Now wait a minute here",  I bodly stated.  "Why in hell wasn't I treated with
the same courtesy this morning when Erin was doing me?"

I looked to Willie who just gave a little shrug and a big smile.

"You S.O.B Willie", I barked.  "You had Erin do it on purpose because you
thought I was weak and would blow it all over.   Then you would have been able
to taunt me while I cleaned it up.   And there is another thing, how would you
have made me clean it up?   With my own bucket and mop?"

"Now, now Rob, don't go jumping to conclusions."  he said through his smile. 

"It was done for a purpose.  First it was a test to see just how much stanima
you really do have.  Second it was done that way because sometime's the pain is
really almost unbearable.   You proved that you do have stanima and excellent
selfcontrol and we found out that you are going to have to go through a lot of
pain until your system gets used to that detergent."

"Further more, you would not have been made to clean up the mess if there had
been an accident.  We have a large 3inch hose for doing that.   So all in all it
really was a good learning experience for you, don't you think?"

"Learning experince hmmm.", I said in a mock sarcastic tone.

"Just watch yer back boy, I think I may have a learning experince all lined up
for you too."  I said and broke into laughter.


So for five minutes or so I  kept a close eye on Ed's face and rose bud, looking
for any sign that he might be about to release that horrible concoction all over
me.

"Willie finally said, "I think it's time for him to release Rob."

I brought the container up and placed it against Ed's ass.   As soon as it was
in place I gave him a nod and he began to release, but he did it under control. 
It wasn't a sudden dumping like I had done.   Ed had it completely under
control.  

When the pail was full he locked up and I changed pails.  John grabbed the full
one and went and dumped it.   While Ed was finishing up Willie had refilled the
bags with clear, warm water.

Once he was empty, I used a clean rag to  wipe his ass.   I lubed the probe and
pushed it back in.    After it was in, the valve was opened and the clear water
made it's way into Ed's innards.

The clear flush went without hitch and soon Ed's enema was finished.  He got up
off the table and we all headed for the whirlpool.   Now this is the part that I
enjoy, I thought to myself.   Don't see why we can't just forget the enema and
go straight to the whirlpool.

"How'd you like to fuck Ed's asspussy, Rob?",  Willie asked.

"Me", I blurted out.  "Ah......I'd love to, but does he want me to?"

"It don't matter what he wants,  Ed is a slave and knows it.  He will do
whatever we want.", as he said that a little of the prick I had first met showed
through.

"Well since you put it that way,  I would like to have a go, Willie."

"Want you to do it a little different then we did last time, Rob.", Willie
announced.

"Ed will remain seated and lift his legs up and put them on your shoulders.  You
can kneel in front of him and take him face first.  That way you guys can kiss
and play with each other's nipples or whatever else turns on your nasty minds.",
he gave a small snort and broke out into laughter again.

Well I got down on my knees and crawled over towards Ed.  The water came up to
just below the top of my shoulders.   Well this should be interesting if nothing
else I thought as I continued to move forward.

As I got closer Ed raised his legs up out of the water.   I moved in and he
rested them on my shoulders.  The water along with Ed's legs was beginning to
push me back towards the centre of the tub.  Ed saw this right away and his arms
grabbed me and pulled me back towards him.

When I was close enough our arms went around each other.   I had to lower one
arm down for just a second to guide my throbbing dick into Ed's hole.

It slid in with no problems and Ed and I pulled each other close as we began a
slow rhythmic fuck.  Our lips met and we began to explore each other's hot,
eager mouths.

The water swirling around and between our bodies added another erotic dimension
and we were soon locked in pure animal rut. 

My cock was pounding away inside his love nest and must have been hitting his
prostate rather regularly.   He kept giving these involuntary gasps as I plowed
in and out.

I didn't pay much attention but knew that Willie and John were doing the same
thing just a few feet away.   I didn't know who was doing whom,  but the animal
sounds were emanating from them just as loudly as they were from us.

The sensation from fucking another man face to face were just too great and I
couldn't hold any longer and began to shoot up into Ed's guts.   He felt me
cumming and kissed me more urgently raising my pleasure even higher.  Finally
sated I pulled back and sat down trying to regain my breath.

I could now see that it was John doing Willie and from the looks of it John was
unloading his cargo.

I closed my eyes and let myself just relax.  My hand found Ed's hard dick and
began to slowly wank.

"Can you give me just a moment to catch my breath, Ed," I asked. 

"Then I will take care of this for you.", I said playfully yanking on his dick.

He didn't say anything, but a big smile lit up his face.

Meanwhile John and Willie were just finishing up.  John had pulled off and was
sitting back catching his breath.

"Rob why don't you and Ed go have your shower and .....well...whatever else
should cum up.", Willie said to me, emphasizing the "cum".

"Mmmm now that sounds like a plan", I replied.  "Come on Ed, I think you might
like Willie's shower."

We both got up and crawled out of the tub and made our way to the shower.  This
time I did the adjusting of the taps and began the soap war.

Once we were all soaped up poor Ed's dick was throbbing worse than before.  I
got us back under the showerhead to rinse off.  Then I knelt down and took the
head of his seven and a half inch cut cock in my mouth.

I worked my tongue around the head stopping to lick along the slit.  This did
something special for him, because each time I did it he gave a little jerk and
a moan escaped his lips.

I pulled off and used my hand to lift his dick up and began to lick along the
underside of the head.   Then back to the top of the slit and down flicking my
tongue back and forth quickly as it crossed the underside.

I licked and kissed my way around over and down the shaft to the root at his
hairless pub then on down to his massive balls hanging low in the sac.

I took each, one at a time into my hot mouth and suckled gently.   I licked at
the base of the sac and then started back up towards the shaft.   Then on up the
pulsing shaft to the quivering head.   Taking that beautiful purple beauty into
my mouth again, I started to impale my head on Ed's shaft, I kept moving forward
and back.  Each time taking more of the shaft deeper into my mouth and throat.

Finally I could feel his nuts slapping against my chin as I face fucked my own
face on Ed's magnificent love stick.  My free hands were now playing with Ed's
balls and pussyhole.  This brought more quivers and a loud moan from Ed.

As I sensed his mounting tension I increased the pace.  Soon Ed was moaning
loudly and continuously.   I felt his nuts begin to vibrate, then lift in their
sac.  Ed was about to fill my mouth and throat with is love potion.

"Oh suck that thing", he screamed out, "Suck it hard.  Oh shit man suck it".

As he screamed out a steady flow of male juice filled my mouth and throat.  I
couldn't believe the amount.   Ed's nuts must have been full to overflowing.  
My mouth was full on the first shot and before I could even begin to swallow his
second shot was adding more.  I tried to swallow it all but it was just too
much, coming just too fast. 

As much of his seed was squirting out the sides of my mouth  as I was managing
to swallow, and still he kept on shooting.  Load after load of hot juice,
gushing down my throat and down my chin at the same time.

I happened to notice Willie and John approaching.   They saw what was happening
and were quickly down on their knees licking the overflow from my face.  But
still Ed kept shooting.

Willie and John were having a hell of a job trying to keep up with the overflow. 
I could feel the hot breath of both as they licked and sucked close to my mouth
which was still being fucked by an ejaculating Ed.

However all good things must come to an end as they say, and Ed's balls finally
emptied.  All three of us licked up any left over and when I was sure we had it
all I stood up.

"Shit man", I asked still huffing, "When was the last time you blew a load?"

"Last night on the stage", Ed replied.  "Master Jackson was so pissed he had the
guys keep my dick up all night but wouldn't let me cum.  He said that would
teach me not to try my best."

"Well your nuts sure as hell were full.  We couldn't keep up with it." I said
giving a little chuckle.

"Well it sure is a relief to have it released, thanks
guys...ah....or...sorry..ah Sir.", he had gotten so tongue tied that he had a
terrible job trying to get this out.  John, Willie and I just broke out into
hysterical laughter.

When we got the laughter under control Willie said,  "Don't sweat it Ed, you are
among friends here."

Well I washed Ed's dick again then we both rinsed good and got out of the
shower.   Willie and John took our place.

I got a couple of big fluffy towels and threw one to Ed.   We stood there drying
our selves while John gave Willie a good blow job.  When Ed and I were dry we
headed out into the bedroom.   We climbed up onto the bed, lay back and were
soon dozing.

After a bit I felt Willie and John climb up on the bed to join us.   We all
drifted off into the sleep of the contented.

We all must have been dead tired 'cause we slept for a good two hours.  Willie
was the first to awaken and he soon had us all awake.  The time was going on
6pm.

"I think it is time for us to eat John,"  Willie said.  "But I want it served in
my dinning room.  Set places for us all including Erin and David if they wish to
join us."

"Yes Sir", John said as he scurried off the bed and out the door.

I lay there, my stomach growling.  I had not had anything to eat or drink since
breakfast.  Well that's not entirely true, I had had lots of protein, but what I
was craving was a nice steak and a hot cup of coffee.

Willie wanted us all dressed for dinner, dressed in our slave outfits that is. 
So without fanfare Ed and I were soon dressed in the black leather pants with
the crotch missing, the leather pouch was in place holding as much of our
manhood as it could.  The black straps across the chest and around the waist and
to finish it all off the knee high black leather boots.

Willie wore the Master's equivalent to our outfits.  Very thick leather straps
over the shoulder, joined by a cross strap attached by silver rings at the upper
chest just above the nipples.  Another strap went across the abdomen about four
inches above the navel.   The shoulder straps came down and attached to a three
inch thick leather belt that went around the waist and was approximately two
inches below the navel.

From the belt hung a set of silver handcuffs, a Billie club and a small
cat'o-nine-tails.

He wore a pair of very short black leather shorts, the leg hem only about an
inch or so below the crotch level.  These shorts also were crotchless, so Willie
wore a pouch over his family jewels.

To complete the ensemble he also wore a pair of knee high black leather boots. 
He was rather an erotic figure standing there in this get up.   He also looked
young and innocent.  No one who did not know Willie would ever believe the
things we did together.  Remember Willie although 20 looked to be between 16
&18.

It had taken us a good half hour to get dressed.  Willie now led us out of the
bedroom into the foyer.  We went straight across to the door on the other side. 
He opened the door and walked in with Ed and I right on his tail.

The room was a spectacular dinning room.   The table had to be 30 ft long if it
were an inch.  The room was done up in rich leathers of various colours, giving
the room a wonderful, manly aroma.  Along each wall were serving buffets, all
highly polished.  The table itself was a deep rich mahogany with a French polish 
giving the table a glass like finish.  The items on the walls and ceiling,
particularly the chrystal chandelier, reflected perfectly from the mirror like
surface.

The far end of the table had been set for six.   A place at the head and three
on the left side and two on the right.  Willie ignored the table and took us to
a side board and lifted a folding door.  Behind which were bottles of liquor.

"What would you fancy for a before dinner drink", he asked us.

"I wouldn't mind a rye and coke", I said.

"That sounds good for me too", chimed in Ed.

Willie poured and mixed the drinks.  Once they were mixed he passed one to each
of us.   He had followed suit and we were all drinking the same thing.

As we stood there drinking I decided to take a bold step and ask a question that
had been burning at me since finding out that Ed was here.

"Willie if it is not out of place for me to ask, how come Ed is here?"

"Ah, poor Rob", he said.  "Do you not remember the rules of the contest from
last night?  Whomever catches the pouch of the 2nd place gets $5,000. in cash
from the slaves owner as well as the slave for a period of 6 months."

"You mean you caught his pouch as well", I stated stupidly.

"No, no silly boy", he replied with a smile.  "Dad did.  Ed belongs to dad for
the next six months.  Master Jackson was kind enough to deliver Ed to us.   It
is normal practice for the winner to go pickup the slave.   But I have a feeling
Master Jackson was not very happy about loosing Ed.   I think perhaps Ed is one
of his better slaves.  What do you say Ed."

"Well I do know he was very upset." Ed spoke quietly.  "I thought sure he was
going to whip my ass off when we got home.   Instead he gave me over to Pat and
Lou and told them to keep me hot all night long.  That I was not to cum."

"I thought so", Willie commented.  "He did not seem to be a happy man this
afternoon."

"Well if he didn't want to loose Ed, why in hell did he put him in that fucking
contest?"  I asked puzzled.

"He didn't have any choice Rob." Willie patiently explained.   "All Master's
must enter their new slaves in the next, Dance of the Slave's, that is held
after the slave is taken on.   Just as dad had no choice with you.   He was
really afraid he was going to loose you before he had even begun your training. 
But you surprised him and everyone else for that matter."

I blushed a little at that, but felt wonderful inside.

"So Ed gets to stay here for six months and then goes back to Master Jackson?" 
I said more of a statement then a question.

"Well not necessarily.  There is something else that wasn't said last night.  
The club rules state that if at the end of the 6 months dad decides he wants to
keep Ed, he may purchase Ed from Master Jackson."

"Now it does get a bit ticklish because there are all manner of little rules
that apply.   For example, Master Jackson can set a price.  However if dad
considers the price to outlandish he may appeal to the Master's council.  The
council will take into consideration how much training the slave had before
being turned over, how much has taken place since, the age of the slave, the
slaves health and all kinds of other little things.  The will then set a value
and that value is binding on both parties if the sale takes place.  The decision
of the council is final."

"But there is also a rule that allows the slave to have a say in his sale.  You
see a slave indentures himself to a specific Master, vowing to serve that
Master.  Although the Master owns the slave he does not have the right to buy
and sell the slave willy nilly."

"If the slave disagrees with the sale, it cannot proceed.  Now this may all
sound a bit complicated to you Rob, it's not really.  When a slave is taken on
by a Master he signs a contract.  That contract was worked out before hand by
both the potential slave and the prospective Master.  The rights of both parties
are specified very carefully.   Very strict limits are placed on what a Master
may or may not do with and/or to his slave.  The contract also includes the safe
words as well as the provisions for breaking the contract."

"So you see it really would be impossible  for a Master to sell a slave without
the slave's consent.  Still slaves do get sold for various reasons.  For
instance if a Master becomes ill and unable to look after his slave.   The slave
does not want to go back to a normal life and so will agree to a sale if a
suitable Master can be found."

"That's a lot of info to have to take in all at once so lets stop there for now. 
But I think you have a better under standing of how it all works."

"Mmmm", I said.  "There does seem to be one fly in the ointment though."

"And that would be?", he asked.

"I did not sign a contract.  I did not negotiate any terms.   Your dad more or
less kidnapped me from the mall parking lot."

Willie broke into gales of laughter.

"Ya I guess he did, Rob, and aren't you glad he did?   Just think of all the fun
you would have missed if he hadn't."

I looked at him with a kind of stunned look on my face, mainly because I was
stunned.   Everything he said was true.  I would have missed all this and I
don't think I would have wanted to.  Yes I was beginning to enjoy my new life
very much, very much indeed.

Just at that moment, John, Erin and David entered the room carrying huge trays.  
The trays were place on the side board buffets.   The huge domed lids were
removed and wonderful smells began to fill the air.

Huge plates of cooked meats and bowls of cooked and uncooked vegetables began to
be placed on the table.  

Once everything had been moved from the trays to the table, we all sat down. 
Bottles of wine had already been opened and were on the table breathing.  Willie
lifted one and filled his glass, passing the bottle to me on his right.   I
filled my glass and passed the bottle on.   It made its way all around the
table.

Willie lifted his glass.

"A toast.  To good friends, good food   and great fucking."

"We all clinked glasses and shouted a hearty,  "Hear, hear."

I took a sip and set the glass down.

For the next hour we indulged our stomachs.   The food was magnificent the
company the greatest I had ever had.

Just before we were ready to adjourn back to the bedroom, the dinning room door
opened and the Master followed by Henry, entered.

A hush fell over the room.

"Why dad," Willie said enthusiastically while getting up from the table and
heading towards his father.

"Thank you for coming.   Will you and Henry join us for a drink?" he asked.

"Mmmm", the Master hummed.  "Why not I'm paying for it aren't I."  A big smile
appeared on his face as he and Henry joined the table.

Another round of wine was quickly passed around and we all toasted the Master,
his slaves, his.......well you get the point.

When we could not think of anything else to toast the Master decided to change
the subject.

"Well I suppose William you have been spoiling the slaves as usual.  Why I'll
even bet Pussyboy here is calling you Willie again."

Stupid me I gave myself away by choking on a sip of wine that was half way down
my throat when the Master made that remark.

"Guess I will have to deal with you later Pussyboy", he said locking those deep
dark eyes on me.

I began to shake slightly thinking o shit am I in trouble now.

"And how is our newest member, ah...mmmm Fuckface isn't it, how are you making
out boy?"

"Ah fine Master Scott Sir, just fine Sir."  he stammered.

"That's good Fuckface, always like my new slaves to settle right in and feel at
home."

He drained the rest of his drink, nodded to Henry and the two of them stood up. 
Out of courtesy and respect we all stood.  Something we had failed to do when he
entered and I wondered if he would be after us all for that little misdemeanor.

"Well William my son we are off.  Thank you for the wine and make sure you have
the slaves downstairs in the dungeon for 11pm sharp.   It is just about time to
end the party."  He gave a big smile and headed for the door, Henry hot on his
tail.

When the door closed everyone gave a big sigh of relief.

Seeing the worried look on mine and Ed's face Willie said, "Don't worry guy's
dads bark is always worse than his bite."

That may be, but I was still not looking forward to that bite.  I had been
bitten by it before and it was not a lot of fun.

Well we all drained our glasses and got up with Willie and headed back to the
bedroom.

Willie took a run and leaped up onto the bed.

"Come on lets have some fun before everyone has to go.  Hey Rob, how about doing
the selfsuck thing for us.   None of these guy have seen what won that contest
for you."

"Ah Willie I don't know that I want to do that again in front of people."  I
hedged.

"Oh yes you do", he said.  "You just don't know it."  then he broke out into
laughter.

"Why don't you get up on the sofa.  Do you need one of the guys to help hold you
up?"

"No Willie I don't."

I could see I was not going to win this argument so I just gave in.

"Ok I'll do it, but please don't ever ask me to do it again.  It is very
embarrassing."

I made my way over to the sofa and ripped off my pouch as I went.  I went around
behind the sofa and faced away from them, my ass resting on the top of the back
rest of the sofa.   I wrapped my hand around my dick and started to wank.

It didn't take long before it rose up in all it's  glory.  I then leaned back
and let myself fall onto the sofa.  My shoulders came down to the seat, my back
rested against the back taking up some of my weight and helping me to balance
myself.

My dong which was now bouncing hung just above my face as I slowly brought my
legs down to touch the front edge of the sofa.  As I did this my cock reached my
mouth and I began to lick and suck.  Then to the amazement of the other slaves I
did what they all had thought impossible.   I deep throated my own cock.

I could hear the gasps of amazement and the shouted encouragement's.

"Go Rob."

"Suck that meat."

"Fuck your face."

I picked up the pace and was soon fucking my face at a fever pitch.  The feeling
of my own cock sliding in and out of my throat felt unbelievably good.  I could
no longer hear the guys, I was locked in a small world of my own that consisted
only of my mouth, my throat and my cock.

When I finally came I filled my mouth and throat with five decent sized squirts. 
I love the taste of my own cum and missed not a drop.  When it finally quit
squirting I licked it clean and let myself drop over and then stood upright.

The guys went crazy with their applause and cheers.  I made my way over to the
bed and jumped up to join them.

"Well guys after that little show I think we are all ready to get our nuts off.  
What will it be a circle jerk or a round robin fuck?" Willie asked.

By now you must know the only one stupid enough to ask a stupid question is me. 
So I asked it.

"What the fuck is a round robin fuck?"

"Well dear Rob", Willie said sweetly.  "A round robin fuck is where I fuck you,
while you fuck Ed, while he fucks John, while he fucks Erin, while he fucks
David, while he fucks me.  Does that answer you question?", he smirked.

"Perfectly my dear Willie." I answered bowing my head and giving a royal sweep
with my hand.

"So what will it be gents.  I vote for the round robin",  he said.

Well as if you didn't know, the round robin won 6 - 0.   We all took our
positions.   I wondered how in the hell this was going to work.  Well for all of
you that have never done this before here is how we accomplished it to
everyone's satisfaction.

Willie was doing my ass, I was doing Ed, Ed was doing John, John was doing Erin,
Erin was doing David, David was doing Willie.  John, David and I had to stand
perfectly still.  Willie humped my ass and took David's up his on the out
stroke.  Ed humped John and took mine up his on the out stroke.  Erin humped
David and took John's on the out stroke. 

There we were in a circle three guys humping away and all of us having one  hell
of a good time.

After a while Willie called for a change.  John, David and I took over the
humping  while Willie, Ed and Erin kept still.  The most difficult part was
trying to stay in rhythm with everyone else.  As the tension within our bodies
increased so to did the rhythm.

We were banging away on each other like a steam engine at full throttle.   As we
all got closer to the magic moment everyone was moving and twisting around
trying to increase the erotic sensations engulfing our bodies. 

I am not positive but I believe it was David that started to spew his load
first.  There was a loud moaned and yell of, "Oh Fuck", and it sounded like
David's voice.   It was quickly followed by moan's, groan's and expletives of a
sexual nature as we all started to dump our load into the guy in front. 

When our cocks ran dry we were all down on our knees licking the dripping boy
juice as it dribbled from the little rose bud hole we had just fucked.

When our ministrations were completed Willie suggested we all retire to the
whirlpool.   I did not hear one objection to that offer, so off we went.

We soaked in that whirlpool for about an hour then all six of us were under that
shower, soaping each other, being big kids and having fun.

Once dried it was back to the bedroom to get dressed.  Willie in his Master's
outfit, the rest of us in the standard slave garb. 

My wonderful 24hrs with Willie was drawing to an end.  I looked back on all that
had happened and realized that it was the most fantastic time I have ever had in
my entire life.   Within the next 30 minutes we would be downstairs, in the
dungeon, the Master was waiting.  

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:   robolder@excite.com   or    elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and nonconsenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or     elder@fetchmail.com

Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 17

The dungeon was a huge room located in the basement, not too far from rooms
where I was first kept upon arrival here at the Mansion.  Memories of the
dreaded cage came flooding back as we walked down the hallway. 

We all filed into the dungeon exactly on time.   As we entered I noted a long
row of cells on the right side of the room.  They didn't look very big, large
enough for a man to stand upright, but that was about all.

On the left were all different kinds of contraptions, the uses for which I did
not have a clue at this time.

In the centre of the room was a large wooden table.   It had rings attached all
around the sides, so I assumed that they were used for securing a victim to the
table. 

From the ceiling hung all manner of chains and rings, which again I assumed were
primarily for securing a victim.  The question kept running through my mind,
securing the victim for what, punishment or pleasure?

Once we were all in the room Willie had Ed and I stand shoulder to shoulder on
the right side with the cells to our backs.  John and Erin stood directly across
from us.   The first thing I noticed was that John and Erin both had raging
hardons.   mmmmm I thought to myself, this may not be as bad as I am fearing.

"When the Master enters, you will all go to your knees and stay there until
given further instructions."  William stated this as an instruction in a flat
tone.

I could feel tension in the air.   Something was going to happen I just hoped it
would be something pleasant and not one of those terrible, embarrassing
situations the Master seemed so fond of.

The door opened and Henry entered.   He was dressed identical to William.  He
stood to the side and held the door.  The Master appeared in the door way and a
shiver of fear rippled through my body.

The Master was a terrifying icon of pure authority.   He wore a black leather
hood with only his eyes and mouth showing.  The hood came down and draped
partially over his shoulders.

He wore a black sleeveless leather vest that was open in the front, revealing
his very hairy, magnificently proportioned chest.  Black leather straps similar
to  William's could be seen beneath the vest.

The Master's black shorts however were much longer than Williams, but the crotch
was missing and replaced by a black leather pouch.

The Master's outfit was finished off with a pair of knee high, highly polished
boots, which were laced up on the inside rather than the front like the rest of
us.

From his waist belt hung all manner of things, handcuffs, a Billie Club,
cat'o-nine-tails, and a number of items that I was not able to recognize. 

He walked into the room like a King entering the thrown room.   He was very
regal and very incharge.   Henry remained a respectful distance behind and on
his right.

He walked forward until he was opposite Ed and I.   He stopped and turned to
face us.

"Pussyboy, you are a piece of shit and it is time that you were treated like the
slave you are.   Henry put this piece of shit in number 1."

"Yes Sir", he said as he grabbed me with one hand around my neck and the other
around my wrist, which he twisted up behind my back.

I was taken completely by surprise.  Henry squeezed tightly on my neck and
forced my arm  painfully up behind my back as far as it would go.  I let out a
moan of pain, but that didn't stop Henry.

I was waltzed smartly over to one of the cells.  Henry pushed me up against the
wall and held me there.  He removed his hand from my neck and unlocked the cell
door and pulled it open.

He ordered me to lift my arms over my head and grasp the opposite elbow. He then
pushed me roughly inside, told me to turn around,  then shut and padlocked the
door.   The cell had been designed to restrict movement and it sure was meeting
it's goal.   The bars pressed hard against my chest and back.  My arms over my
head grasping my elbows made it impossible for me to lower my arms.   

As with the little dog cage that I had been held in on my first night, movement
in the cage was next to impossible.  I was very much like the, "filling", in a,
"bar sandwich".  I looked out through the bars with tears running down my
cheeks. 

Henry gave me a smile and then headed back to the group.  No one from the group
was looking our way at all.

"Ah, and now Fuckface",  he sneered.  "You messed up royally boy.   You have
brought great shame and embarrassment to one of the most senior Master's in the
club."

"On top of that your Master has been obliged to pay me a great deal of money
plus the forfeit your services for a period of six months."   His dark eyes bore
into poor Ed.

"You may have thought I would be much easier on you than Master Jackson, but you
are in for a big surprise Fuckface.   I am going to eat you up and spit you out
like so much garbage."

I could see that Ed was now beginning to tremble.  The Master was really laying
it on.   Perhaps he was  angry because of the way William had been treating us
and was now going to make us sorry.

"I don't think you deserve a nice name like Fuckface.  So until you earn and
deserve something better you will be known as Garbageboy.  That suits you
better."

"Henry, put Garbageboy in cell two."

"Yes Sir", Henry said.  "Come on Garbageboy follow me."

What!   He manhandled me over to the cell but is almost being polite to Ed. 
Shit I guess I am in real serious shit here.   If what William said is true I
guess they have to be careful how they handle Ed, he has a contract.   I don't
have that protection so they can do whatever the hell they want with me.

Henry brought Ed over, opened the cell door, had him grab his elbows over his
head and told him to back in.  Ed complied without complaint and the door was
shut and locked.

The Master then turned to William.

"Those two slaves look awfully lonely locked in their cages, don't you think
William.", the Master asked his son.

"Yes they do dad," he answered,  "Is there anything we can do to make them feel
less lonely, Sir."

"Well now I think maybe we should send John and Erin over there to keep them
company."

This dialogue had my full attention.  These two were up to something and I had a
very bad feeling that Ed and I were going to take the brunt of what ever it is.

"Sounds like a great idea to me dad."

"John, Erin why not go over and keep Pussyboy and Garbageboy company.  A little
cocksucking should make them feel wanted.", the Master made sure we heard that.

Well I thought that would be worth being locked in this stupid cage.   Both John
and Erin were great cocksuckers.

As the boys started over the Master stopped them and said something that Ed and
I could not hear.   Oh, oh I thought here it comes.   There is going to be a
catch to this.   When the Master had finished with whatever it was he was
saying, both the boys mouthed a, "yes Sir.", and headed over to us.

Erin knelt down in front of my door, put his hand through the bars and lifted my
dick.   It was still flaccid, but Erin soon had it rising up.  As it became
erect it pushed through the bars and Erin placed his warm lips around it,
sending a great sensation from my dick to the top of my hair roots.   I gave a
little moan and just relaxed and enjoyed.

John had knelt in front of Ed and was busy sucking away on Ed's root.   I had a
full and almost totally unobstructed view of John and Ed.   This added to the
erotic pleasure I was receiving from Erin's expert mouth.

Erin had also increased my pleasure by playing with my balls.   His other had
was rubbing up and down my asscheeks.   All and all it was wonderful. 

All of these ministrations eventually had their effect and I could feel my balls
begin to rise.  Erin pulled his head off my throbbing cock and gave my balls a
sharp squeeze.   A sharp, painful shock shot from my nuts up through my groin. 
I gave a short scream of pain and my dick dropped.

Erin got up and went over to a sink on the wall and got himself a drink of water
while the pain in my balls settled down.

He was soon back and started fingering my dick again getting it to rise.   It
was then that I realized the diabolically evil little plan the Master had for Ed
and I.

John and Erin's orders were obviously to not let us cum.   Well that didn't
bother me too much, hell it meant that I was going to be in for a couple of
hours of great cocksucking.   All I had to do was relax and enjoy.  So I just
looked down at Erin, who just happened to be looking up at me.   I gave him a
big stupid grin and then put my head back against the bars, closed my eyes and
enjoyed.

An hour or so later I was not quite so smug.   In fact I was not smug at all, I
was desperate.

"Please Erin," I begged.  "Let me cum, please."

Erin had brought me up 10 or 12 times then taken me down with a quick squeeze on
my nuts.    My balls felt like they were full to bursting and had started to
ache.

I was ready again and my balls were quivering ready to shoot.   Erin pulled his
mouth away from my dick and gave my balls a quick tight squeeze.  The resultant
pain caused my dick to deflate.    Erin was an expert at knowing just exactly
how much pressure to apply to make my dick go down.   The pain never lasted more
than a couple of seconds.

He stood up, that smile still creasing his handsome face.  Not once since this
began had he said a single word to me.   I didn't think he would either.   If
the Master had not given him specific instructions to speak he would remain
silent.

Just as he stood up to stretch, the door to the dungeon opened.   I hadn't
noticed before but the Master, William and Henry had left the room.   Henry and
William came in.   Just as they approached I heard Ed give a little groan of
pain and knew that John had just made him deflate.

John stood up and turned towards William and Henry.

"We have come to give you a break", William said to the boys.

"Henry has coffee and snacks ready for you out in the lounge.", he said.

"Thank you Sir," they both said at the same time and left the room.

William kneeled down in front of me and Henry took on Ed.  In no time at all
William had me hard again and I felt his wonderful mouth wrap around my
throbbing dick.

It didn't take William very long to have my balls ready to blow.  

"Please William," I begged, let me cum.  "My nuts are so sore, just once William
please, let me empty them just once."

Of course my begging landed on deaf ears.   William paid no attention, he just
kept on working my dick.   Waiting for just the right moment. 

William suddenly stopped, stood up and stepped back.   My cock was throbbing
like mad, my balls felt so tight.   I wanted release and so tried once more.

"Please William,  don't leave it like this.  Make me cum, please."

"Sorry Pussyboy.   Until dad gives the ok we must keep you on edge.   But look
on the bright side, you are getting all this attention and don't even have to do
anything."  He gave me a big smile and went over and jumped up on the table.

A few moments later Henry joined him.  My cock was still throbbing.   Why hadn't
he squeezed my nuts to make it go down?    Was this a new form of torture.   My
cock was throbbing, my nuts wanted release.   I was starting to get a pain that
seemed to emanate from the centre of each nut.  I was kind of like a dull
headache.

I don't know how long it was, but eventually my dick started to deflate.  As
soon as William observed it dropping he came back.   It rose right up at his
first touch and soon he had it deep in his warm, beautiful mouth again.

This just went on and on and on.   Eventually John and Erin came back and
relieved William and Henry.    John did me this time while Erin did Ed.   Then
they were relieved again by William and Henry.  

It had to have been four or five hours since this thing started.  My nuts were
aching worse than the worst headache I had ever experienced.    It was a
throbbing pain that seemed to radiate from the centre of each nut outward.  It
traveled up the scrotal sac and into my lower groin. 

I was extremely tired and wanted it all to end.  On the last change over it was
Henry's turn to wrap his lips around my dick.    After what seemed an eternity
the door opened and I thought it was John and Erin coming to relieve William and
Henry again.   But I did a double take when I saw it was the Master.

"That will be all, Henry, William.", he said.

"How do your nuts feel Pussyboy," he asked with that damned gleam in his eye.

"They are sore Sir," I answered as respectfully as I could manage under the
circumstances.

"Full of juice huh?" he stated giving a little laugh.

"Would you like me to have John and Erin come back in and continue on?", he
asked in that fatherly voice that I had learned to mistrust.

"No Sir please," I answered carefully.  "My balls are so sore Sir, please no
more  Sir."

"How about you Garbageboy," he said turning and looking Ed in the eye.

"Have you had enough as well?"

"Whatever your wish Sir is my duty to obey.", Ed answered in a very hushed
voice.

"Ah, now that is the kind of answer I like to hear.   Did you hear that
Pussyboy?", he said turning to me.

"Yes Sir I did.", I answered.

"Remember it," he said sternly.  "That was how you should have answered."

"Henry, finish Garbageboy.  Let him cum."

"Yes Sir," Henry said getting down on his knees and taking Ed's still throbbing
dick in his mouth.

"Afraid I cannot give you the same reward Pussyboy.", the Master said looking at
me.

"Remember this lesson, it will make life easier for you in future."

"William put Pussyboy in a number 4 belt.", he ordered.

William went over to a cupboard pulled something out and came back over.   It
looked like a mass of straps with a metal cup.

The Master opened the door of my cage and told me to step out.  It felt so good
to be able to move again after being held immobilized for so long.   He then
told me to drop my arms.  They were stiff as I tried to lift them.  The I just
let them drop to my sides.

I was immediately sorry.  All of the muscles in both arms seemed to cramp up at
the same time.   I let out a terrible scream of pain.

William dropped the straps he was carrying and rushed over and grabbed an arm
and lifted it up.   The Master grabbed the other.   They both began rubbing up
and down my arms like mad working the cramps out.   I had broken out in a cold
sweat and was biting my lower lip trying to ease the pain.

When the cramps finally released, William had me move my arms around, bending at
the elbows, lifting and lowering.

"I didn't realize you would cramp up so badly Pussyboy, my apologies," the
Master apologized.

"How is it now, the pain gone?"

"Yes, Sir they both feel fine now.", I replied.

"Good."

"Ok William lets get the belt on him and then we can put him to bed for the
night."

William bent over and picked up the straps and whatever else it was that he had
dropped, in his hurry to help me.

"Spread your legs wide, Pussyboy and keep real still," he ordered.

I spread my legs and wondered what they were going to do to me now.   My cock
had finally dropped.   The pain in my arms had quickly taken away all desire for
sex.

William worked quickly.   He fastened a belt around my waist.  Another strap
that held that metallic cup or whatever was attached to the belt at the back by
another strap that hung down.   William reached between my legs and brought it
up.  The cup looked a little like a jock cup, however on the inside there was a
strange looking, bent piece of pipe.

William brought this up to my crotch, took hold of my flaccid dick and inserted
it into the pipe.   As he worked my dick in he brought the jock cup closer and
closer until it completely covered my now encased cock and my balls. 

There was a thick solid strap attached to the top of the cup in the middle and
two thinner straps attached at each side.

William brought the thick strap up and pushed it against a buckle in the centre
of the waist belt.   He then took each of the little straps and attached one on
each of the waist belt about 8  or so inches from the centre.   He then took
hold of the jock cup and tried to move it.   But it was solidly in place.   It
would move only enough to permit me to walk, bend and perform other normal
activities.

Once it was all in place the Master decided to let me in on what it was they had
just done to me.

"Have you ever heard of chastity belts Pussyboy?",  he asked inquisitively.

"Ah, yes Sir.   I think they used them in medieval times to protect their women
from the conquering hoards."

"Mmm yes I guess they did," he said with a giggle. 

"Well Pussyboy you are now the proud owner of a genuine male chastity belt."

He said that with a wicked smile and paused to let the implications sink in.

Oh shit I thought he had had me worked up for four or five hours to get my nuts
full with the intention of locking me in this damned thing.    How the fuck was
I going to empty my nuts?

"Ah, I see by the look on your face that you have realized that you may have a
wee bit of a problem.",  he had more than a smile on his face while rendering
that little bit of good news.

"You will be able to piss and shit, but you will not be able to cum until you
earn the right.  The reason you will not be able to cum is because you will not
be able to get or sustain an erection.  William, demonstrate."

William came over, put his arms around me and started to give me a deep erotic
kiss.   His hands moved up and down my back and one moved down and rubbed up and
down the jock cup.   The sensations were enough to start my cock arising. 
However that was all it did.   The little pipe that encased my cock, restricted
the growth and at a certain point began to cause pain.  The pain was enough to
cause my dick to go flaccid again.

"Now how long you remain in that chastity belt is entirely up to you.  It could
be a day, two days, a week, two weeks, a month or even longer.    As you can
guess the longer you are in that belt the more desperate you will become for
release.  So the incentive is there Pussyboy for you to start learning to obey."

"If you behave yourself and do what you are told, when you are told, you just
might earn yourself a chance for relief."

I looked at him in stunned disbelief.   Tears were welling up in my eyes again.
I had a terrible feeling that the Master was really going to play with this one
and that I would not like the game.

"There is only one unlocking device for that belt Pussyboy," he said.  "It is
locked in the safe upstairs.   Without that device that belt cannot be removed. 
You see it has special reinforcements built into it.   Bolt cutters could not
cut it even if it were possible to get them under the strap.  So you are in that
belt until I release you."

"Now it is time for you to go to bed and get some rest.  Follow us."

With that he turned and he and William headed out of the room.    I followed
close behind.  As we traveled down the hall I knew where we were.  I had been
here before.    The Master then did the one thing I feared the most.   He
stopped in front of the door to the room that held that little tiny dog cage
that I was kept in on my first night.

My body began to shake, assuming that he was going to lock me in that fucking
cage again.   I was  terrified.   Tears were flowing steadily as he unlocked the
door and opened it.

We entered and sure enough there in the centre of the room was the horrible
nightmare.

"Well what do you know, Pussyboy," he said joyfully.   "There's your cage.  
I'll bet you have really missed it haven't you?  How would you like to spend the
night in there, it would be just like old home week don't you think?"

I was about to beg him not to put me in that cage when I remembered what had got
me into this present mess in the first place.

"If it pleases you for me to spend the night in the cage Master I will do it
gladly.", it was the biggest fucking lie I had ever told in my entire life.  
Tears were falling down my cheeks and I was shaking in abject terror as I spewed
it out.

"Really," he said in mock surprise.  "Well Pussyboy I don't think I would like
to see you in there again.   It causes such terrible pain.   No I think I would
be much happier if you spent the night in a proper bed." 

With that he turned and we all marched out of that fucking room and back into
the hall.   I let out a silent sigh of relief.  Shit I must have come just a
hairs breath away from being locked up.    I must remember to always say, "if it
pleases you Master".   That is sure to keep me out of trouble.

He continued on down the hall until he came to the room where William and I had
spent two hours together.  The room with the huge four poster bed.  The room
where William had introduced me to gay sex.   The room where I had fallen in
love.

He opened the door and we entered.  Nothing had changed.   The huge four poster
bed was still there.  The bedside tables, the dressers.   Except for the size of
the bed it was just a normal bedroom. 

"You will sleep on the left side of the bed and you will be chained Pussyboy. 
William will help you prepare for the night and will chain you in once you are
ready.  I will see you in the morning.  Good night."

"Good night Sir," I said but he had already turned and was heading out the door.

William leaned up close and whispered quickly in my ear.

"Sorry Rob I don't have any choice.  I must obey my father."  He said it quickly
not even stopping as he ushered me to the bathroom.

In the bathroom I emptied my bladder  and removed my boots, the only item of
clothing I was still wearing.   I then stepped into the shower and let the hot
water drench my aching body.

William had everything I needed ready when I came out of the shower.  He handed
me a towel, I vigorously rubbed my body all over.    Then it was off to the sink
to brush my teeth.    When the absolutions were completed it was back to the
bedroom and onto the huge bed.

William picked up some quarter inch, stainless steel chain that was attached to
the bed at one end.   He opened a drawer in the bedside table and withdrew a
small padlock.   He threaded the open end of the lock through the chain then
attached that to my collar.   I heard the lock click closed and knew I was in
this bed until someone came to release me.

"Have a good sleep Pussyboy," he said bending over and giving me a kiss on the
lips.   I returned the kiss.

"Good night William, thank you.", I said as I lay back.

William went to the door.   He opened it then turned to give me one final look.  
His hand flicked the light switch and the main lights went out.  There seemed to
be some kind of recessed lighting which provided just enough light that the room
was not in complete darkness.   Something like what you would expect from light
coming in through a bedroom window.

William exited and pulled the door closed gently behind him.    I was alone and
the silence was deafening.   My mind start to go over the events of the last few
days.   So much had happened.  My life had changed so radically.  Was I happy
with the changes?    Was this the kind of life I wanted?  These and other
thoughts circled round and round in my mind as I drifted off into a deep,
dreamless sleep.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:   robolder@excite.com   or    elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and nonconsenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condon or subscribe to the behaviour discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or     elder@fetchmail.com


Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 18

Another Outing

I was awakened from my sound sleep by the sudden glare of the overhead light.  I
turned over to get it out of my eyes.

"Come on Pussyboy," John ordered.  "Time to get up.   The Master will be here in
about an hour he wants you ready.  So up you get."

I turned over again, sat up and wiped the sleep from my eyes.  John came over to
the bed and unlocked the chain from around my neck.   I swung my legs over the
edge of the bed and stood up.   As I was doing that my pecker began to rise.  It
didn't get very far before I felt a sharp pain and it quickly receded.

That pain reminded me that I was locked in a chastity belt.    Then of course my
balls picked that exact moment to start aching.   A sharp radiating pain which
seemed to start right in the centre of each nut and radiate outward.   Up the
vas deferens to the seminal vesicle and from there through my entire groin.  It
was not a debilitating pain, but it was enough to let you know in no uncertain
terms that it was there.

So with this terrible case of blue balls I followed John into the bathroom.  
The first thing I did was head for the toilet.  The chastity belt placed another
restriction on me besides erections.  I now had to sit to pee.  I sat down,
emptied my bladder and tried for a dump.   However I usually had to have
breakfast before I could achieve a bowel movement and this morning was no
different.

By the time I got up from the toilet John had the table out and all set up for
my enema.  Well I guess I wouldn't have to worry about a bowel movement today. 
That fucking enema was going to take care of that.   I briefly wondered if I
would ever get to enjoy a good, natural shit again.

Knowing it would do me no good to put it off,  I walked over to the table and
got up.   I placed my feet into the stirrups and waited for John to strap me
down.   To my surprise he didn't.   Instead he started lubing my hole right
away.   This was the best part of the whole procedure.  The feeling of John's
soft fingers rubbing gently against my back door.

He added more lube to his finger and then pushed it up into my love hole.   He
worked it around making sure it was well lubed.

"Are you ready, Pussyboy," he asked.

"As ready as I am ever going to get John," I replied.

The probe went in quickly with no problems what-so-ever.  As soon as it was
fully inserted John started the water flow.

I was well into the third bag before the cramps started.   They were severe but
nowhere near as bad as they had been yesterday.    John stayed by my side the
whole time gently rubbing my slowly rising stomach.  Once the last of bottle
three was in he lifted what looked like a watch and pushed a button on it.

"Five minutes more Pussyboy and we can start letting it out.   Just hold on."

I lay back trying not to let the cramps get to me.    John kept up a slow gently
rub of my stomach which did seem to help.

Finally a little buzzer sounded and John bent over to pick up the container into
which I would dump this load from my chute.

"Hold tight for a minute gonna pull the probe.", he cautioned.

I squeezed my sphincter as tight as I could.   The probe felt very erotic coming
out and I could feel my dick start to rise again.   The cold rim of the
container touched against my ass.

"Ok Pussyboy, let it go."

I released my sphincter and dumped the crud.

The clean rinse went with out a hitch, there were barely any cramping at all. 
From the enema table it was into the whirlpool for 15 minutes.   John joined me
and we just sat there enjoying the water and each other's company but not saying
a word.  I had a sneaky suspicion that there might be a hidden mic in the room.  
I also knew that speaking without permission was an offense that brought
punishment.

At the end of 15 minutes a little buzzer announced the time and we got out and
headed for the shower.   We soaped each other up real good then rinsed.   My
cock tried to get hard at least a dozen times during that shower.   Each time a
stab of pain would deflate it again.

We toweled down good and John had me return to the table.   I lay face down with
my legs slightly spread.  He took some wonderful smelling oil and began to give
me a heavenly massage.   The oil caused a slight tingling in the pours of my
skin and just generally made me feel fantastic.

When he had completely done my back he had me turn over and did my front as
well.  Once that was complete it was back to the bedroom where he helped me get
dressed.   Of course the only thing to wear was that stupid looking slaves
outfit.   I don't know, some people may have found it erotic or something, I
just thought it was stupid.

Once I was dressed John told me to go to the end of the bed, get on my knees and
stay there until the Master arrived.  Having learned my lessons about obedience
I did exactly as John instructed.

I thought the Master would arrive any minute.   Was that a wrong assumption.   I
swear it must have been two or three hours before he finally entered the room.

By that time all the vim, all the vigor, all the joy of the new day had left me.  
I was one big ache from neck to my toes.  It had been so long since I had moved
I wondered if I would be able to when he finally arrived.  I was also very
hungry, my stomach was growling like mad and I had to pee again.

"Did you sleep well Pussyboy?", he asked with out another preliminary.

"Yes Sir.", I replied.

"Would you like to go on another outing?"

"If it would please you for me to go on another outing I would be very happy to
go, Master.", I had learned my lesson.

However I had just told him one whopper of a lie.   I didn't want to go on any
fucking outing.   I still remember what happened on the last one.

"Good, good," he said with a smile.  John will be back to look after you shortly
and get you ready.

He then walked up to me and said,

"I think I would like to feel you lips around my dick Pussyboy."

Without even thinking about it my hands reached right away to remove his pouch. 
Oh, sorry folks forgot to tell you he was still wearing that formal Master's
outfit that he wore last night. 

Anyway I removed his pouch.  The Master's cock was huge, even flaccid.   It had
to be 6 or 7 inches of uncut glory, just waiting to be brought to life.   I
leaned forward, stuck out my tongue and licked up it like you would with a
Popsicle.   He gave a little shudder the moment my tongue touched it.    His
dick must have liked it too because it immediately began to rise.

I then went to work in earnest, licking and kissing all along the shaft down to
his thick hairy pubs.  The scent of male musk was almost overpowering.   I took
in great lungfuls as I licked and kissed around the root and down the scrotal
sac.  I picked up his heavy balls in my hand and gave them a good tongue wash. 
I tried to get one in my mouth but they were just too big.  If I had forced the
issue it would have caused him pain and there was noway I wanted to do that.

He had been letting out soft moans so I knew I was pleasing him.  I lifted his
heavy balls up and licked under and behind.  I would have tried for his glory
hole however it was just too awkward from my position to do that.

As I made my way back to his massive cock I saw a small drop of precum glisten
at the slit.   I went right for it.   My tongue licked it off and I savoured the
taste.   I started licking the head, particularly the part at the bottom, below
the slit.   He made loud moaning sounds each time my tongue flicked against this
most sensitive part of the cock.

It was time to shit or get off the pot.  His cock was about 2 inches in diameter
and I wasn't sure I would be able to take it down my throat.   While the boys
had big cocks, none of them had a cock as thick as this one.

I opened wide and forced that big purple head into the warm cavity of my mouth. 
As it entered I swished my tongue back and forth across it.    I sucked on it, I
licked it as I sucked and then slowly started taking more of it in.

It was a long slow process getting that cock down into my throat, but I am proud
to say I managed.   By the time the Master was able to face fuck me he was
moaning in pure ecstasy.    His strokes became strong and faster.   He was
getting close.   I brought my hand up to massage his balls and rub his ass. 
This helped to bring him to the top of mount Olympus.

He was deep in my throat when the first squirt came.   As he pulled out the
second one filled my mouth.   The Master's juice was very hot, sweet but with
just a bit of tartness.   I swallowed as fast as I could before that massive
dick went back down my throat.

He squirted another load down there and another when the head was back in my
mouth.   Altogether he let off 6 loads, three deep in my throat and three in my
mouth.   I am also proud to say that I never lost a single drop.   I caught and
swallowed it all.  

When he finally stopped shooting I licked his dick as clean as I could.  Paying
particular attention to the dribbles of juice still in the urethra.   I did my
best to work it all out and lick it up.   Finally there was nothing left and his
dick went flaccid.

"I must admit Pussyboy that you are learning your lessons very well.   John will
be in shortly to get you ready for our outing later."  

That was it.   He turned and left the room.   Part of me was elated by his
words, "learning your lessons very well", while another part of me felt let down
because he didn't say good bye.

My nuts were aching worse then ever.   As I sucked his dick my own cock kept
trying to rise and it was now actually sore from being squeezed so much.

True to his word, the Master sent John right in.  

"I guess you must be hungry Pussyboy," he stated.

"Ya I am John, but I need a pee worse."

"Well go ahead, you may use the toilet."

I went to get up and that's when I ran into just a tiny little problem.   I
couldn't get up.   I had been sitting like this for so long my legs had become
numb.  I couldn't feel them at all.

"Ah John," I called in a bit of a panic.

"I can't move John, I can't move.   My legs are dead.   Oh gees, my legs are
dead.

John came right over.

"No they are not dead, Pussyboy," he said as if talking to a child.

"You kept them too tight and cut off the blood flow.   I am going to have to
spend some time rubbing them in order to get the circulation going again.   I
think we are going to have to give you some lessons on how to remain in position
for long periods.   This can be quite dangerous cutting off the blood flow like
that."

As he talked he had lifted me up under the arm pits and lay me face down on the
floor.    He was busy rubbing away at my legs and slowly I began to feel his
hands through the numbness.

It took about five minutes of hard rubbing to get the circulation going again.  
I stood up on wobbly legs and staggered to the toilet where my bladder was only
too happy to let go.

"When you are finished on the toilet, jump in the whirlpool.", John called from
the other room.

"The hot swirling water will fix you legs up pronto."

"Right." I called back.

I really didn't need much urging.  I loved that whirlpool and wondered how I had
ever got through my life so far without one.  I climbed into the hot water and
sat down.   My head went back and I closed my eyes.   It just felt so wonderful,
that hot water swirling all over my aching body.

"Come on sleepy head," John called breaking through my revere. 

"You are going to be a shriveled up prune.   Do you know you have been in there
for more than thirty minutes?  Your body temperature is probably way up beyond
what it should be."

"Get your ass out and under a cool shower."

Damn I didn't want to get out, sure it was warm, but oh it felt so good.   I got
up and climbed out.   The air in the bathroom was actually cold after all that
time in the whirlpool   I adjusted the water temperature and climbed under the
spray.

After I figured I had cooled down enough I quickly soaped up, rinsed off an got
out.   I grabbed another big, soft fluffy towel and dried down.   When I was dry
I headed back to the other room.

John was sitting at a table that he had set, waiting for me to return.

"Time for your breakfast," he said.

I sat in the other chair that had been provide while John got up and went over
to a hutch and brought back a plate with a big silver dome on it.   He placed
the plate in front of me and removed the dome.

The plate contained a full breakfast, eggs, bacon, ham, sausage, homefries and
toast.   A set of napkin wrapped utensils was already on the table.   I set to
work demolishing this while John went over and brought cups and a big pot of hot
coffee.

After breakfast John helped me get dressed for my outing.  It was pretty much
the same as the normal slaves outfit however there were some differences.  
Instead of straps across my shoulders and chest, he helped me get into a skin
tight leather vest.   It was black, but made of a very soft leather.  Possibly
deer hide.   It was a strange vest because it fastened up the back instead of
the front and it covered right up to the neck.

There were two holes in front that permitted my nipples to show through.  Oh
shit I thought he was going to take me out looking like this.  If the slaves
outfit made me look like a male whore I could just imagine what this would make
me look like.

The other change was a loin cloth that hung down in front of the pouch.  It also
was made of that very soft hide.

"Do you know where the Master is taking me on this outing?", I asked John.

"Pussyboy, where you are going is the Master's business.  Not yours or mine.  
You had best be very careful about asking questions which are really none of
your business.", John admonished me.

"In other words I should just learn to keep my big mouth shut.  Thank you John. 
Sorry if I put you in an awkward position."

"That's ok Pussyboy, you still are not that familiar with the rules.   However
here is one more.  The Master has not given us permission to talk about anything
but getting you ready to go out.  Therefore you should not discuss anything but
that."

"Right." I said and shut up.

Once I was dressed we went back to the table, sat and drank the remains of the
coffee.   I soon had to go pee again so went and got it out of the way.

I don't imagine it was more than half an hour later that Henry came to get me.  
He fastened a gold chain around my neck and led me out and up to the front door
of the mansion.

The Master and William were standing there talking.   Both the Master and
William were wearing casual, light summer clothes.   I hadn't realized it when
he came to get  me, my mind must have been on other things, but so was Henry.

Before we reached the Master, Henry turned to me.

"Remember the drill from the other night.  You stay behind whomever is holding
your chain.   When they stop you go down on your knees and stay there until they
move.",  he whispered.

I nodded ascent and we continued forward.  When we caught up to them Henry
stopped.  I immediately went down on my knees.   Henry handed the Master my
chain.

"So we will be back at six William, make sure David and John know that I want
dinner to start precisely at 7."

"Right, have fun.", William answered.

Henry opened the door and the Master started out.  I jumped up to my feet and
followed.   Outside the door was the limo.   Frank the driver, had the back door
open.   Henry got in first and the Master indicated that I was to follow.  I
climbed in and went to sit on the seat.

"Kneel, on the floor Pussyboy.", Henry hissed.

I made a quick double take and went down on my knees on the floor.   The Master
climbed in and Frank closed the door.  The Master sat back in his seat and
completely ignored me.

The car started up and headed out the long driveway.   The Master and Henry
began to have a long conversation about some business deal the Master was into. 
I tried to ignore them and concentrate on trying to keep my balance.  

Have you ever tried to stay upright on your knees in a car.   Let me tell you it
is not the easiest thing in the world to do.  In fact is darn near impossible. 
I was being thrown all over the fucking place.

But something the Master said caught my immediate attention.   He was now taking
about a sizable investment in a company that I had been investigating as part of
my job.   They were not exactly a legitimate operation.   I didn't know if the
Master was aware of that and thought maybe I should let him know.

The problem was, I had not been given permission to speak.   As the Master
continued to talk it became abundantly clear that he did not know about this
company.   I decided it was worth a punishment if I could keep the Master from
getting burned.

But I also wanted to minimize any punishment that might come my way.  Now I knew
full well that I definitely could not speak to the Master without permission.  
However, I had always been permitted to speak to Henry.  So I decided to take
the risk.

"Henry, sir,"  I said softly.

"I have something urgent that must be passed on to the Master, may I speak?"

I did not look at the Master when I said this, hell I didn't look at Henry
either, I was too fucking busy trying to keep my balance.

I guess the Master must have given Henry a nod.

"This had better be very urgent Pussyboy or you are in one big heap of trouble. 
Go ahead and tell us what is so urgent."

"It is IconSoftware Services Sir, they are not an honest company.   Oh their
books look good, but the whole thing is managed in the background, by Hugh
Gordon.   I am sure you are aware of his reputation.   If you invest in Icon you
will loose everything.   I was just about finished filing my report on them for
the security people at my company when I came to serve you, Sir.   I am sorry
for interrupting but thought you should know."

I still couldn't look either of them in the eye as I bounced around. 

"We will discuss this when we get back from our little outing.  If you are right
Pussyboy, then you will get a reward.  If you are wrong.....well you know what
will happen."

I shuddered a little then fell over.  Damn I wish Frank would drive a little
more steady.  I picked myself up off the floor and went back to the balancing
act.

We pulled into the parking lot at Rainbow Beach.   For those of you not familiar
with Rainbow Beach it belongs to Gays.   I had never been there but had read
quite a bit about it.   According to all the print material, one could find any
kind of gay sex ones little heart desired at Rainbow Beach.

"Turn around so your back is to me, Pussyboy," Henry commanded.

I obeyed and Henry reached over my head holding a weird looking piece of rubber
in his hand.

"Open your mouth." he ordered.

I obliged and opened up.  The black rubber thing looked like an miniature cock. 
He brought it forward and it fit right into my mouth it had a shield around the
root end and once Henry had it in and fastened around the back and top of my
head it made a very effective gag.

However it turned out to be a little bit more diabolical then that.  Henry had
me turn around again.   He took a little bulb with a hose and attached it to the
front of my gag.   He then pumped the little ball and the fucking cock in my
mouth began to expand.  

Henry kept pumping until my mouth was jam packed full with that fucking rubber
cock.  My jaws had started to separate but the leather strap under my chin that
went up and over my head became tight.   A very effective gag indeed, not to
mention down right uncomfortable.

"Arms behind you Pussyboy."

Again I obeyed and he quickly fastened a pair of handcuffs to my wrists. 
Satisfied that I looked a complete fool the Master pushed a button and Frank
opened the door and we all got out.  

The Master did not move right away so I got down on my knees.  I knelt there in
the bright sunshine in that ridiculous outfit feeling like a complete and utter
fool.   Passers by took notice and started making cat calls and wolf whistles.  
I wanted to scream, but that of course was impossible, even had I dared to try.

Henry gave Frank some instructions and soon the Master started forward, heading
towards the beach.  I jumped up and followed.  Unless you have ever been bound,
gagged, dressed in a ridiculous outfit and led around in public on a golden
chain you can not know how completely humiliating it is.

I kept hearing comments like;

"Pretty bitch".

"Whoohoo, lamb chops.'

"Love that ass."

And on and on.  I guess you must have some idea of what was said, you could
probably think up a few of your own.

Even worse were the bold ones that walked right up and started rubbing my ass.  
One was so fucking bold he tried to rub my cock and if I could have would have
laughed out loud from the look on his face when he felt my chastity belt.

I must have endured all these insults for more than a mile as we strolled slowly
along.  How much fucking farther was he going to go.   Did we have to walk all
the way back when we got to wherever the hell he was going?

Finally we came to a huge establishment that looked like a restaurant and bar. 
It was simply called, "The Sea".

The Master walked up onto the huge porch that surrounded the place and headed
for a table with a huge sun umbrella.   The place was packed, but here was this
one table, with a good view of the ocean, the beach and the strollers,  empty
and waiting just for him.

He and Henry sat down.  I went behind him and to the right and went down on my
knees.  Would have rather been in a chair, but any chance to rest for a few
minutes was better than nothing.   

The waiter was there instantly, falling all over himself to please the Master.  
It was obvious the Master pulled weight around here.  He and Henry ordered cold
drinks.  I guess they didn't order anything for me because how the hell could a
gagged slave drink anyway.

A few moments later, an Adonis joined us.  The man was beautiful. He was built
right in all the right places.  His skin was golden from being in the sun
constantly.  He like the Master and Henry was dressed in light casual clothing. 
He looked so cool and self-assured.  While all I could feel was hot and
self-conscious.

I mean lets face it the other patrons and passers by couldn't help but see the
fool in the ridiculous out fit kneeling behind a good looking man, while that
man had a nice, cool, refreshing drink.

It turned out that Adonis was the manager of the establishment.  After the
pleasantries had been attended too.  The Master had a request.

"Bill put the Pussyboy in a lockup for a while.  He has been getting much to
much sun and needs to cool off before we continue his outing."

"Your wish is my command Master Scott," he said.

He raised his hand and snapped his fingers.  Another big man that could also be
mistaken for Adonis appeared as if by magic.

"Put the slave in number 3 and make sure he gets lots of juice.", Bill ordered.

The guy answered," yes Sir.   He took my chain from Master  Scott and started
into the restaurant.  I jumped to my feet and followed.

He led me through the restaurant and out back.   We walked down a lane which
seemed to be right behind all the stores that faced the boardwalk.  Finally we
came to a big wooden door.  He pulled out a key and unlocked the door.  He
motioned me in and then shut and locked the door.

We were in a hallway and it was cool.  He went down the hall, opened a door that
led off to the right.   It was another hall, but the left side was one long row
of doors.  They were all numbered.  He opened number 3.   It was almost like a
cupboard except there was a large hole on the back wall.   He twisted something
on the front of my gag and the air whistled out.   Once it stopped whistling he
removed the gag.

He then made me get down on my knees and crawl into the cupboard.   The hole was
even with my mouth.  I suddenly had an awful feeling about what kind of juice I
was going to get.  My hands were still cuffed behind my back.

He reached around me and picked up a strap that was attached to the wall.  He
pulled it around me and fastened it to the other side.   He then cinched it
tight so it pulled me up snug to the wall and my mouth was right at the hole. 
It would be almost impossible to pull my head away.

However, these guy were not going to rely on, "almost".  They wanted a sure
thing.   I hadn't noticed it when I crawled in but right above my head was a box
contraption.   He pulled it down and it fit tight around my head.   I could not
move my head at all now.   I was going to have to take whatever came through
that hole.

Behind me I could hear him close and lock the door.   I could not see into the
room that my mouth faced.  In fact I could not see anything.   Just a small
amount of light filtered up past my cheeks.

I didn't have long to wait.   I felt what was definitely the head of a cock push
up against my lips.  I refused to open my mouth.   Fuck them I was not going to
suck cocks I couldn't even see.   Well that's what I thought.   Remember the two
holes for my nipples.  Well my body was pulled up tight against the wall and
there must have been electrical plates there,  a positive and a negative.   Each
nipple had a different pole.

I suddenly felt a jolt of electricity burn into my nipples.  I let out a scream.

"Open your fucking mouth slut unless ya want another jolt.",  The voice came
loud and clear through the wall.

Needless to say I opened my mouth.

For the next few hours I sucked cock after cock after cock.  I figured I had at
least a gallon of cum in my stomach.  And still another cock pushed up against
my lips.

My mouth was sore, my lips were sore and my throat was sore.   My head was
aching from being held so ridged.   My back, legs and knees were also aching.  I
wanted out of this so bad I was willing to do just about anything.  But still
another cock replaced the one that just left.

I had been keeping a kind of count and figured that I had done 30 cocks so far. 
Right after the 30 th pulled away I waited a few seconds and opened my mouth to
take number 31, but it didn't arrive.   I found that disconcerting because all
the others seemed to be timed so perfectly.  I closed my mouth and waited for
the cock to push against my lips, but again it didn't come.

It must have been another 15 or 20 minutes before that big lug came back and
removed the straps that held me.  It was a real chore trying to back out of that
little cupboard.   Every muscle in my body ached.  

Once I was out he fastened the gold chain to my collar,  closed the cell door
and headed down the hallway.  I got up on my feet but my legs hurt like hell.  
I limped along behind him in pain.  That didn't stop him though.   We went out
the back door, along that alley and back into the restaurant.   Through the
restaurant where a whole new group of patrons got a look at the moron in the
stupid outfit.

This time instead of leading me outside he led me into the dinning room.  The
Master, Henry and Bill were seated at a table by the big window facing the
ocean.   He led me over and handed the chain to the Master.   I went behind the
Master and got down on my knees.

One small miracle anyway, they had not put the fucking gag back on.   I just
hoped they wouldn't.

The three of them were eating what looked like some sort of sweet cake and
drinking coffee.  I wasn't offered anything, mainly I think because they were
trying to pretend that I wasn't even there.

The talk went on for what seemed forever.   My throat was really dry and I
needed a drink really bad.   I think maybe there is acid in cum.   Not enough to
do damage in small amounts but if you take as much as I had it builds up and
starts burning the mucus membranes.    I know mine were burning and very, very
sore.   I would be willing to bet that it was going to be very difficult for me
to speak for the next few days.

Finally they all stood up and the Master shook hands with Bill.  Then they
started to move out.  I jumped up and took up a position behind the Master.  The
Master didn't receive a bill for the food and coffee so I assumed Bill the
manager would look after it.

We left the restaurant but did not head back the way we came.   The Master
turned in the opposite direction.   We only walked a short distance until we
came to another boardwalk that headed inland.   The Master turned and headed up
this walk.

After a short distance we came to a parking lot and there was the limo.  Frank
saw us coming, he got out quickly and opened the door.

Again Henry got in first, then the slave and then the Master.   They both
settled back in the nice, soft comfortable seats. The slave on the other hand
knelt on the fucking floor and waited for the fucking driver to try and throw me
through the fucking side of the fucking car.  Oh, am I being a bit spitful here?  
Guess I had better be careful or I am liable to find my self strung up getting
my ass whipped.

The drive home was not as bad as the drive down.  Frank seemed to take it a lot
easier.  Not so much weaving in and out of traffic.   The car seemed to ride
straighter and smoother.   I did not have anywhere near the same amount of
trouble keeping my balance.

We pulled up to the mansion at almost exactly six o'clock.  I know because there
was a clock in the back of the limo and I just happened to be facing it.  Once
the car came to a stop Frank opened the door and the Master got out but he
didn't take the chain.  

Now what the fuck was I supposed to do?   My orders were for whoever held the
chain.

My dilemma was fixed almost at the same time I had the thought.  Henry reached
over and unfastened the chain from my collar.

"You did ok Pussyboy.  You can get out now." he said.

I climbed out of the vehicle and waited for Henry.  The Master was already up on
the porch and heading for the open door.   Henry got out and we followed.   At
the door the Master had stopped and was talking to John.

We entered the mansion and John told me to follow him.  Man, so many damned
people giving orders around here and it seemed only one to take them.  I
followed John down the hall.  We passed William's elevator and went to a set of
doors just past it.

John opened the door and we went in.  This too was an elevator.  John pushed the
number 3 button and the elevator rose swiftly and quietly.   The door opened and
we were in another corridor similar to the one on the main floor.

John turned right as we got off and started down the hall.   At the fifth door
on the right he stopped.   He opened the door and we entered.   It was a small
apartment.  At least that's what it looked like.

"This is your new home Pussyboy.  You have a small kitchen a living/dining room,
a bed room and a private bathroom.   It is your responsibility to keep it clean.  
The Master inspects slaves quarters periodically and they must be spotless when
he does.   You will never know when he will  inspect or even if he has inspected
unless he finds something wrong."

"The Master has invited all the slaves to have diner with him tonight in the
main dining room. This is a rare honour Pussyboy."  

"For this event you will not be wearing slave clothing.   In the cupboard in
your bedroom you will find all manner of normal attire.   For tonight wear the
tuxedo.   If you have trouble trying to figure out to put it on push the button
by your bed and I will come to help you."

"I would suggest you get yourself into the bathroom and have a really good clean
up.    It is imperative that you make a good impression on the Master tonight"

I was overwhelmed by the apartment.  Although it was small by the standards of
some of other rooms I had seen in the mansion it was huge compared to my little
one room.

"Thanks John," I said.  "This is really my own apartment?"

"Yes, I know it is hard to believe after what you have had here so far.  But ya
it is yours, as long as you don't fuck up too badly you will get to spend most
night here."

"Well I gotta go get ready as well so get to it boy."

With that he turned and left me alone.  I couldn't believe it.  It was
fantastic.  I went into the bedroom and stripped off the stupid outfit.   Naked
I headed for the bathroom.  I almost fell flat on my face.   The bathroom was as
big as William's and the one I had used down stairs.   It had all the same
equipment.  The whirlpool, the shower, the sauna. Shit I couldn't believe my
luck.

I jumped into the shower and set the temp for as hot as I could stand.   I had a
lot of shit to wash away.   I must have spent a good twenty minutes or more
scrubbing the feeling of that cocksucking cubicle off of me.   I hadn't been
able to always keep all that cum in my mouth and it had dribbled and flowed down
under the vest and coated my chest.

Once I was satisfied I was clean I toweled down.    Then it was a tooth brush I
wanted real bad.   In the medicine cabinet over the sink I found everything I
needed and spent a good ten minutes cleaning all traces of the afternoon from my
mouth.

Then it was back to the bedroom.  I had never worn a tux before and really was
not sure how it all went together.   I pulled it out and laid it on the bed. 
Well I knew how to put on the pants  but what about all the other stuff that was
on that hanger?

I figured I best not fuck this up so I went  and found that button John had
mentioned.   I gave it a push and a few seconds later I heard John's voice from
a speaker somewhere in the room.

"Having trouble are you, ok I will be there in about five minutes.  Don't worry
we still have plenty of time."

I sat on the bed and waited for John.

He soon arrived and had me dressed in no time flat.   I looked in the full
length mirror hanging on the door and couldn't believe how good I looked in this
outfit.  A ten thousand percent improvement over that ridiculous outfit I wore
this afternoon.

"Ok let's get down there.   The Master wants everyone there for seven and when
he says seven he means precisely seven.   Be even two seconds late and you will
face the wrath of god.

It only took a few minutes to get to the main dining room.   It was on the main
floor and not all that far from the elevator.  When we entered most of the
other's were there.   They all had glasses of something cold that looked awfully
good.  John headed straight for the bar that was on one side of the room.

"It's rye and coke for you isn't it?" he asked.

I nodded ascent and he quickly made me a drink and handed it over.   I took a
tentative sip.   It felt so good going down my still sore throat.  It burned
slightly but at least the alcohol would kill any beasties that might be
lingering there.

The door opened and the Master entered just as the big clock over the door
struck 7.   He was a very handsome man but was even more so decked out in formal
wear.   He headed straight for the bar.  I hadn't noticed until he was there
that  John had slipped over and was making the Master a drink. 

We all stood around making small talk and sipping on our drinks.   Even David
was there so I wondered who was making dinner and who would serve it.

At precisely seven thirty a little bell sounded.   The Master headed towards the
table.    He walked all the way to the top and took the head we all followed
along.   As I got closer to the parts of the huge table that were set with place
settings I noticed that there was a name tag on each plate.

William sat on the Master's right, Henry on his left.   I had expect to find my
position at the bottom end of the table so checked those out first.  As a I
passed by  William I didn't even look at the plates there figuring I was the
lowest of the low here tonight.

However Erin grabbed my arm as I started down the  right side.  He pointed out
my place next to William.   My heart began to pound.  Oh no William, I thought, 
you haven't gone and got me into more trouble have you.

I stood behind my chair as did everyone else.  When everyone was finally at the
right place and standing behind a chair the National Anthem began to play.   A
movement caught my eye and I saw that the Nation's flag was rising on the wall
from some hidden area.  It was rising on all four walls.  I couldn't believe it,
it was just spectacular.

When the anthem was complete, the Master sat and everyone followed suit.  From
door ways all along the room young men dressed in snow white jackets, with 
black bow ties and black trousers began bringing in huge domed platters and
placing them on the buffets along each side wall.

Quickly and professionally food was delivered to the tables and served.   It
seemed that each of us had our own private waiter to look after our every need.  
Wine glasses were kept constantly filled.   Each course was delivered to each
guest at exactly the same time so we all ate together.

We all talked in hushed tones with our neighbors.   I talked with William and
Erin about all manner of thing, sports, politics, religion and gays.  It really
was a wonderful, relaxing dinner. 

When the desert plates were finally cleared away coffee was served with an
aperitif.

The Master then called for everyone's attention and made a number of little
speeches.   He praised certain slaves for jobs well done and gave out rewards. 
He had covered just about everyone in the room but me and Ed.    I was fairly
certain that Ed and I would not be singled out because we really hadn't been
here long enough to earn any praise.   My fear was that maybe I may have earned
a punishment.

"Finally I come to Pussyboy."

This got my immediate attention.  My head sprung up and I looked him in the eye. 
But his eyes were giving nothing away.   So what would it be?   Was I in trouble
or had I done something to earn a reward?

"He has only been with us for five days but has come a long way.   Pussyboy did
not join this household the way most of you have.   I more or less kidnapped him
from a mall parking lot."

This brought a bit of murmuring from those present.  I couldn't believe that he
was admitting to this.

"Yes kidnapped and it is probably more than less.   But Pussyboy needed us.   He
needed us desperately.  If I hadn't taken him he would probably end up as one of
life's losers in about three to five years.   But Pussyboy does not deserve to
be a looser.   He is quite an intelligent individual."

"I had to pay his boss two million dollars  to steal him away."

This brought a gasp from the group and a skipped heart beat from me.   He paid
my boss two million dollars.  Why in the hell would he do that?

"What you don't know Pussyboy is that I have been having you checked out for the
past six months.    Six months ago Russ, the man that looks after all the
finances of my corporation was looking for some answers to a problem we were
experiencing.   Your boss sent him to you.   You managed to give us an answer in
less than twenty-four hours.   Our own finance wizards and those of another
company with which I have close ties had been working on the problem for weeks
but couldn't figure it out."

"Well that was enough for me to get my people to investigate you.   It became
obvious very early that you could not survive out there on your own.   You are
just too good at what you do Pussyboy.  Just too damned good.  Now you are in an
environment where you will be safe."

"I thought it was going to take you at least three or four weeks to get to where
you are right now.  But you have surprised me and I have decided that you
deserve a reward.   I always treat my slaves well Pussyboy.  When they deserve a
reward they get one."

"Today was a pretty nasty test to see if you really had learned the lessons we
have been trying to instill in you.   And I must say you passed with flying
colours."

"Now the rewards.  Two of them.   The first one you already know about.  You now
have your own apartment and as long as you behave it will be yours.  A little
place where you can have some privacy and a small amount of freedom."

Everyone applauded, including  me.   I had tears of joy and appreciation flowing
down my cheeks.  What was reward two I wondered.  Another night with William, my
heart warmed up at that thought.

"Now for reward number two.   Pussyboy is not a suitable name for someone with
as much intelligence as you have shown.  So from today forward, unless I decree
otherwise you shall be known by your own name, Rob."

There was even more applause at this.   My heart was feeling really light at
this point and all I could do was smile through the tears.

"Do you have anything to say for yourself Rob," the Master asked.

"Ah,  thank you Sir, I am honoured."  That's it.  That's all I could manage to
come up with.

"You are most welcome Rob."

"Now that all the formal shit is over I believe that William is planning an orgy
in his apartment in approximately 30 minutes and everyone is invited.  Is that
right William?"

"Damned tootin!"  William exclaimed.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:    robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Best/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:     robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com


Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 19

The Orgy

The Master and Henry left the dining room first.  The rest of us followed
shortly behind.

David and Ed were in a deep discussion as they left the room.   They moved over
to one side of the hall to continue their discussion.  They seemed oblivious
everything but each other.

William, John, Erin and I left together. They were all congratulating me and I,
as usual, was feeling very self-conscious.
We strolled casually down the hall and the subject turned to the orgy.

When we reached our elevator we stopped and finished off the point we had been
discussing.   William then went on to his elevator and we entered ours.  The
elevator whisked us quickly and silently up to our floor.   At my door I asked
John what he thought I should  wear to this... orgy.

"Well Rob, it is an orgy and.... well you really don't need to wear anything. 
Erin and I shall go naked."

"You would walk through the hall naked!', I exclaimed in horror.

"Well of course.   Who's to see us or even care if they did?", he said calmly.

"Look go have a quick shower and we will call for you in about 15 minutes.  We
will all go together and you won't feel so out of place."

"Um...  there is something you are forgetting about, John," I said meekly.

"I have a chastity belt on.  I won't be completely naked.   I will feel like a
complete and total fool.", I whined.

"Well Rob it is up to you, but if you show up with clothes on the Master will
make a note of it and you can bet it will go down as a black mark.   You just
got into his good books, you don't need black marks so soon.", he said very
seriously.

"Ok,"  I gave in.  "See you in 15 minutes."

I entered my room, closed the door and leaned back against it.

"Shit," I said out loud.  "Now I am going to have to run around this fucking
mansion in just this fucking chastity belt.   Will these centre shots never
end?"

I pushed away from the door and went straight to the bedroom.  I started
removing the tux and laying all the pieces out neatly on the bed.

Naked, except for the chastity belt  and collar, I began hanging up the various
parts of the tux.  I remembered what John had said about keeping the apartment
clean.   It would be just like the Master to do a surprise inspection when I
least expected it.  Well he could inspect to his hearts content.  This apartment
was going to be kept spotless.

I hung up the tux, had a quick look around to make sure nothing was out of place
in the bedroom and headed for the shower.

The hot water cascading down and around my body felt great.  I would love to
have jumped into the whirlpool, but there just wasn't time.   Maybe when I got
back from the orgy.   The orgy, I can't believe I am actually going to an orgy.

I toweled down afterwards and made my way to the living room to wait for John
and Erin.   I sat in a big, overstuffed chair in a small alcove with a picture
window.   I looked out into the night.  There were a million stars in the sky,
but the grounds below were dark.  In the distance I could just make out the glow
of the lights from the city.  A reminder that I once had a life out there.

A knock at the door brought me to my feet and I hurried to answer it.  John and
Erin were there..... naked.  I joined them and headed down the hall feeling
terribly self-conscious.   John and Erin
were great, they both made a point of not looking down at the belt.   Trying to
help me feel comfortable in this very uncomfortable position.  I don't know why
I was feeling so bad about them seeing me in the belt.  I would bet that one or
both of then had worn one at some point during their training themselves.   So
why did I feel so centred wearing it?

"Did you guys ever have to wear one of these damned things?", I asked to relieve
the tension.

"Rob, you are forgetting you lessons.  We have not been given permission to
speak.", John admonished me.

My face went a little redder and I shut my mouth.   I was going to blow this, I
just knew I was going to blow it.    Just can't keep my big mouth shut.   I
wonder if that was one of the things the Master's investigators had made note
of?   Was it my big mouth that would have made me a loser?   These and other
dumb thoughts went through my mind as we entered the elevator and went down to
the main floor.

Now why did we go to the main floor?  William's apartment was on floor W.  The
answer became very plain, very quickly.   Our elevator did not stop at William's
floor, in fact William's apartment was above us and our elevator didn't go any
higher.  

Exiting into the main hall we made our way to William's elevator and were in his
foyer in a flash.

The foyer hadn't changed since my last visit up here, however the huge crystal
Mickey sure had.   Someone had unrolled a condom and had covered just the head
of the crystal Mickey's erect cock, the rest of it hanging down obscenely.  I
broke out into hysterical laughter, I just couldn't help myself.  John and Erin
joined in and we were still laughing as we entered William's huge bedroom.

We were not the first to arrive.   In fact it looked like we were the last.  
The Master lay on his back on William's bed.  Two naked young men were licking
his body and a third was climbing up to join them.    That third lad was the one
that had served me dinner.   So, the servers had been invited as well.    If
they were all here that would make 16 of us.   Shit this was going to be some
hot orgy.

My cock began to rise at the thought, but was immediately put in it's place by
the chastity belt.   Damned, I wasn't going to be able to get to enjoy this
party unless the Master removed the belt.   It sure didn't look like he was even
thinking about that at the moment.

John and Erin had each picked out one of the servers and were getting into some
pretty heavy petting.   David and Ed were on the floor on one side of the bed
and were having fun with 69.  

To my surprise there was another large bed just outside the door to the
bathroom.   I wondered for a moment where it might have come from.  Henry was 
ensconced dead centre on this bed.   He was on his back with his head and
shoulders raised slightly.   One server had impaled himself on Henry's cock and
was fucking his own ass with it.   Another was kneeling over Henry's broad chest
getting his dick sucked.

The Sofa in the alcove had folded down in to a large bed as well.   William was
on the bed and had one of the servers flat on his back and was reaming the lads
asspussy but good. 

So there I stood watching all this wonderful sex play and I couldn't enjoy it.  
I wish the Master had taken the fucking belt off as a reward instead changing my
name.  

All this activity was having a dreadful affect on my poor dick and balls.   Sex
filled the air, the sight, the smells.   My cock kept wanting to rise only to be
chastised by the chastity belt.   My nuts were starting to ache again.   Damn I
hated this belt.

I went over to one of the easy chairs and sat down.  I looked over towards the
bed and saw that the three lads were all still busy kissing and licking the
Master all over.   His huge dick stood straight up but not one of the lads went
anywhere near it.

It suddenly dawned on me that they were waiting.   They were waiting for someone
to come over and take that huge love stick and swallow it.   The real dawning
was when I realized it was me that they were waiting for.   Another fucking test
I'll bet.   Damn it I wish he wouldn't work this way.   It is so fucking hard to
know what to, and what not to do.

I really didn't want to do this because I knew it was going to mean my dick and
balls were going to feel more pain.  But I didn't want the Master to be
disappointed with me.  I got up from the chair and made my way to the bed.

I knew my guess had been right when the lads moved out of the way to give me
clear access to the Master's dick.  I crawled up between his thick, hairy legs
and took his huge, throbbing cock in my mouth.   It had only been this morning
that I had taken it in my mouth for the first time, and had managed to swallow
the whole thing.

Well I set to work using every trick that I had learned so far, to give the
Master as much pleasure as I could.  I made another attempt to take one of his
massive balls in my mouth but it was just too big.  Instead I licked down the
back of his hairy scrotum and around the area between the scrotum and the anus.  
Then worked my way back until my tongue was making little circular movements
around his dark rose bud.

The Master was enjoying this,  he raised his legs slightly to give me better
access.   With my right hand wrapped around his throbbing cock, I worked my
tongue into his ass and began to fuck his hole with my tongue.   I couldn't
believe I was doing this voluntarily.    But I knew that every ass hole in this
house was cleaner than most peoples hands.  The Master insisted on it.  Besides
there was that oil or whatever it was they used to make it smell and taste so
wonderful.

The Master was really moaning and shifting around and I figured it was time to
work his cock again.   I quickly made my way back to that cock head and took it
in my eager mouth.   I licked and sucked and got it as wet as possible.   I was
going to try and give the Master more than just a blow job.  I was going to try
and impale my asspussy on this massive joy stick.

I had moved my free hand down and had been fingering my hole trying to loosen it
up as much as possible.   I now felt confident that I could manage it.  I got up
and noticed that the Master was busy sucking the cock of one of the lads while
fingering the asspussy.

This sent a shudder through me as my cock tried to rise and got shot down again. 
I crouched down and tried to centre my hole over that massive instrument of
pleasure.   When I was sure I had it, I lowered myself on while holding his dick
steady.

The huge head slid right in.   There was just a twinge of pain, for just a
moment, and then it was gone.   Confident that I could take the rest of it, I
lowered myself further down.   That massive shaft started to disappear as it
went up my chute.  Deeper and deeper it went into my guts.   I have never felt
so full in all my life.

The head of his cock pushed against  my prostate as it slid up.  The rest of the
shaft, being so thick, rubbed against it all the way.  My prostate was going to
get constant stimulation whenever this cock moved in my love chute.  It is going
to be one hell of a fuck for me, I thought.   I am going to be in real pain when
it is over.  My nuts are just not going to forgive me.

I finally had the full 9 inches of the Master's cock deep in my bowels.  I
pulled back almost all the way out and pushed down.   That cock slid back in
smoothly and rubbed against my prostate all the way.   I then set up a slow and
steady rhythm as I fucked my own ass on the Master huge cock.  

My prostate kept sending urgent requests to my cock to stand up.   The chastity
belt kept saying no.   My balls, getting more pissed off at me by the moment
were starting to send shooting pains up the vas deferens again and radiating
pain throughout my groin.

The pain was great, but the erotic feelings were greater and more intense.   I
couldn't stop humping my bottom on that cock even if I had wanted to.  

The Master for his part had started to thrash around a bit.    He was getting
close so I picked up the pace.  My cock was behaving just like a fist opening
and closing, but it was inflate - pain - deflate, inflate - pain - deflate, all
in time to that cock that was doing such a great job of massaging my prostate.

Suddenly I felt the Master stiffen and knew he was about to unload up my ass.  
I kept the rhythm steady but picking it up a bit to increase his pleasure.  
Then I felt the first squirt of his hot man juice in the depths of my bowels.  
Then to my utter amazement I felt my balls unloading.   It wasn't the same as an
orgasm, it was just the seamen releasing.   It just seemed to pour out like
water.

Although I was surprised I continued to concentrate on milking the Master's dick
with my ass.   He was still shooting gobs of hot juice deep into me.   The Lad
the Master was sucking had started to unload as well.  He was moaning like mad
and humping the Master's mouth like his life depended on it.

Finally I felt the Masters ejaculations stop or  should I say peter out.  They
became less and less forceful and soon stopped altogether.   His dick was still
hard so I continued to milk it.   But even that soon came to an end.   It began
to soften and I pulled off.  

I climbed off and could see the huge puddle of my cum on the Master lower
abdomen and in his pubs.  I quickly bent over and cleaned it up with my tongue. 
I was beginning to acquire a taste for cum. 

I had stuck my ass up in the air while I was busy cleaning up the Master.  The
Master's juice has started oozing from my pucker and I could feel it slithering
down my leg.  The lad that had been busy sucking the Masters nipples made his
way to my ass as soon as I put it up in the air. The lad quickly cleaned my leg
and set about collecting all of the rich, hot, Master cum oozing from my back
end.   

I had the Master's now flaccid cock in my mouth cleaning off the residue of his
cum.   When I felt it was as clean as I could get it I lay down on my back.  
The lad that had been licking away at my ass, lifted my legs and continued
sucking up the goop as it oozed out.  It felt so good,  but it kept causing my
dick to rise, which of course caused pain.   I was wishing he would stop, but
didn't dare say anything.

I closed my eyes and drifted off into a doze.   I really was tired, it had been
a very long day.  The doze turned into deep sleep and a dream.

I was the King and I had a problem.  My cock was hard.   But no matter how many
of my knights I fucked, no matter how hard they sucked me, I couldn't cum.  
Because I couldn't cum, my cock was hard all the time which caused me unbearable
pain.  

Being the King, I could not walk around my Kingdom with a hard on.  The peasants
would make fun of me and I would become a joke.    How could a King maintain
authority over his people if he is the standing joke to the very  people he is
trying to rule?

This was a very serious dilemma for me.  I sent out a proclamation offering a
great reward for whomever could unlock the key to opening the flood gates that
would drain the King's balls.

All manner of fool came forward with all manner of hair brained scheme.  
However I was so desperate I was willing to try anything.  Many different and
obnoxious substances were smeared on my poor jewels.  But none helped.  Still my
cock throbbed and my balls ached.

Finally a most handsome and strong gentleman was escorted to my throne.
He looked familiar, but I couldn't quite place him at the moment.

"Most gracious Majesty," he intoned giving a sweeping bow.

"I am the Son of Jack, the grand Wizard and Alchemist from Oz."

(Look I cannot help it if Rob has crazy dreams.   So no flames. - the author)

"My most illustrious father has heard of your plight and sent me along with a
potion that will give your most gracious Majesty almost instant relief."

Well now this guy was most impressive.  I remembered whom he reminded me of, it
was Master Jackson.   Feeling very confident I let him go ahead a smear the
fucking stuff all over my cock and balls.  

Well ten minutes later I came alright.

I came to realize the fucking stuff was eating the skin off my cock and balls. 

"Off with his fucking head."  I screamed.  
"Off with his fucking head, off with his fucking.............."

Well that's when I woke up.  The room was quiet, everyone was staring at me.  
Then they all broke out into peels of laughter.   I was covered in sweat from
the dream and now their peels of laughter at my foolishness just caused me to
sweat some more.

Having had their laugh and the excitement over they all went back to doing
whomever they had been doing before I started yelling my fucking head off.

One of the server lads came over and caressed my cheek.  He bent over and gave
me a searching kiss.   I really didn't want this, I wanted to go back to my room
and jump in that whirlpool.  But I knew I couldn't.  I had to stay here and take
part in an orgy that I couldn't take part in.

I suddenly became aware that my cock was fully erect and bouncing around like
mad.   I pulled away from the kiss and looked down.   The chastity belt was
gone.   The Master must have removed it while I slept.

"Wanna 69?", the lad asked.

"You bet I do," was my instant response.

The lad was a great cocksucker and we both soon blew our loads into each others
throats. 

I lay back to rest and William climbed up beside me.  

"I think I would like to take your ass Rob.", he said.

"Well Sir, you know I keep it reserved just for you.", I answered with a giggle.

I lifted my legs and he crawled into position.

William had just unloaded his nuts up my ass when the Master called for a break.

"As soon as your finished doing whomever your doing their are refreshments in
Williams dining room.", he announced.

"You better get that pecker of yours into my mouth so I can clean it off for
you.", I said.  "You can't be running around with all that goop dripping off it
like that."

William gave a laugh and crouched over me on his hands and knees.   His still
semi erect cock hanging straight down.  I took it in my mouth and began to clean
off his cum.   He pulled my legs back and began to lick up the cum dribbling
from my hole. 

Once we both felt we had done the best we could we got up and headed for the
dining room.   As we were crossing the room I noticed that the only guys still
humping were Henry and one of the serving lads.  The lads legs were resting on
Henry's broad shoulders.   Henry had his thick dick up the lads asspussy and was
pounding deep and hard.

We left them to their fun and went on into the dinning room.   There were trays
of snacks on the big table and on the some of the side buffets.   A bar was set
up and a little old man I had never seen before was serving as bartender.  He
was the only one in the room wearing clothes.  He had on a black tuxedo with a
white shirt and black bow tie.  William made straight for the bar and I followed
close behind.

"Two rye and cokes please Tony," he said to the man.

"Tony you haven't met Rob yet.   Tony, Rob, Rob, Tony."

We shook hands as William continued.

"Tony is our official house mother.   He looks after all the house keeping for
the mansion.  He has a whole stable full of young lads to do all the chores.  
The 8 lads here tonight work directly for him."

Tony handed us both our drinks.  We thanked him politely and made our way
towards the snacks.

"Tony has been a member of our household for over 30 years." William added. 
"And Rob, Tony has senior Master status.  That means he outranks even me.   So
if Tony gives you an order, be very sure to obey."

I was surprised at how hungry I had become.   It had not been that long since
dinner.   The snacks were fantastic.  I couldn't shove them in my mouth fast
enough.

Although we were all naked, the talk was about everything but sex and nakedness. 
It was just like any cocktail or office party, except for the lack of clothes.

After filling my face to the point I could not eat another bite I headed back to
Tony for a refill on my drink.

He made the drink and handed it towards me.   Just as I was about to grasp it he
pulled it back.

"Not so fast young fella," he said.
"What are you gonna give me for it?"

I stood there dumfounded.  He looked me square in the eye waiting for a
response.   His eyes were twinkling and he had a big smile on his face.

"Well boy," he said a note of impatience in his voice.

"What will you give me for it?"

I came back to my senses.

"Whatever you would like Master Tony, Sir, would be my pleasure to give, Sir."

"Ah they got you trained good, boy.   Well tell ya what,  with all these naked
hunks around it is kind a hard not to get hard, if you know what I mean.   Now
if some great looking young stud, such as yer self, were to crawl under this
table and help an old man, he sure would be mighty grateful"

He didn't have to say another word.  I got the hint.  I went down on my knees,
lifted the table cloth that hung to the floor and crawled under.   I made my way
to the other side and lifted the cloth.  To my amazement Tony was naked from the
waist down.  I must have given a gasp of surprise, because I heard him give a
little chuckle.

For an old man he had a very healthy looking dick.   It was semi hard but was a
good six and a half inches already.  I pushed the table cloth over my head and
behind me to get it out of the way.   On my knees I moved forward and licked
that semi hard dick.  It gave a little flick and began to rise.   I loved to
watch that happen, I found it amazing.  I gave it a few more licks to help it
along.

Tony's dick was soon standing straight up and had to be a healthy 7 to 8 inches
of rock hard, cut, man meat.   I went to work licking all around the head.  This
caused it to do a little bobbing dance.  It would bob up and I would flick it
with my tongue, it would drop back down then bob up and I would do it again.  
It was great fun and I heard Tony give a little groan.  I think he was having
fun as well.

I teased around this way for a while and then made my way down to his walnut
sized nuts.  Tony's sac did not hang down as far as mine and all the other guys
around here.   It was also rather thick.   I licked around it for a while and
then tried sucking one of his nuts into my mouth.   I got it in alright but the
sac was not loose enough for me to maneuver that nut around much in my mouth.

Tony must have been enjoying it though because I could here him giving little
moans of pleasure.   Someone came to get a drink,  it sounded like John.   He
used a lot of, Yes Sir's and No Sir's, so I knew that he respected Tony.   I
picked that moment to take a finger and flick it across Tony's  ass pucker.   He
gave a sharp jerk and I heard a bottle fall over.

"Sonofabitch," he said.   "I know a little prick that's gonna get his ass kicked
if he ain't careful."

Oh shit,  I hadn't meant that to happen.  I had just wanted to illicit a groan
while he served John.   Damn.  Oh well, I knew it was all too good to last.

I went back to work and concentrated on making him cum.   It didn't take long
before he stiffened and began to squirt his juice into my mouth and throat.    I
was surprised, compared to all the other's his was more bitter than sweet.   I
didn't let that bother me, just swallowed it all and made sure I milked him dry.

When his dick went flaccid I made sure it was licked clean and crawled out from
under the table.   As I exited, the Master was standing there.

"Never get enough do you Rob," he said, that fatherly twinkle back in his eyes.

I just gulped and went red faced.  Shit was I ever going to get used to this.

He just gave a laugh, picked his drink up off the table and went back to Henry.

I stood up and turned towards Tony.

"I apologize Master Tony Sir for getting carried away.   I was trying to give
you the best blowjob I could Sir.   I am not very experienced yet.", I said this
in my best brown nosing voice.

"Don't sweat it kid.  You did a great job and I enjoyed it.   Here's your
drink."

"Thank you Sir," I said, feeling relieved.

I went back to William and John, they were standing by one of the buffets
talking.

"Where have you been?", William asked.

"Ask John," I said mysteriously.

"Me!  I don't know where you were.", he said in all seriousness.

"Really.  Mmm well remember when Tony dropped or spilled that bottle?"

"Ya."

"Well I was under the table sucking his dick and chose that moment to flick my
finger across his bung hole.  It caused him to jump and drop or knock over the
bottle.", I said with a smirk on my face.

"You dirty little tramp, cum sucker you."  William said with a giggle.

"You just can't get enough can you?"

"Damn it, your dad said exactly the same thing.   I went for a drink and Master
Tony said the price was a blowjob, so I gave him a blowjob.  That don't make me
a tramp.", I said indignantly.

They both broke out laughing.   I realized how silly I must have sounded and
joined them.  

Oh man how I was beginning to love this place.  Just over a week ago I would
have been sitting in my room, all alone, surfing the net trying to find someone
to just talk to.   Here I not only had people to talk to, I had great sex and
great company.  I was so grateful the Master had rescued me from that.

"William," I asked,  "do you think your father would be upset if I asked for
permission to go to my room and get ready for bed?  I have had a very long and
exhausting day."

"Wait here and I'll ask for you.   Less chance of you getting a black mark."

He left us and made his way to his father.   I watched as he pulled his father
aside and asked the question.   They talked for a few minutes and William made
his way back to us.

"He said he understands and agrees that it might be best if you did get a good
nights rest.   He wants to have a good talk with you in the morning about that
warning you gave him."

"Thanks William, I really do appreciate this.", I said.   "Good night guys see
you tomorrow."

"Erin will be in to help you with your cleaning in the morning Rob,"  John said. 
"Pleasant dreams."

I made my way back to the foyer and into the elevator.  It whisked me to the
main floor where I transferred to ours and went back up.

I entered my room and headed straight for the bathroom.   I had a quick pee, 
geesh it was good to be able to stand to pee again.   From there it was over to
the whirlpool.   I lifted the lid and pushed the button on the panel to get it
swirling.  I also noticed that it had a timer.   What was it John had said, not
more than 15 to 20 minutes.

I quickly figured out how to set the timer, climbed in and sat back.   I let the
swirling water wash away the days aches and pains.   It had been a very
interesting, not to mention rewarding day.   I had my name back, I had a
wonderful apartment.   I had great friends, great food and had had some great
sex.   What more could I ask for.

The buzzer on the timer went off and I thought, another 10 minutes in here would
be nice.  Gave a laugh at coincidence and got up.  I pushed the button to turn
off the swirling water and placed the cover back over the tub.

I climbed into the shower and turned on the cold water full blast.   The icy
streams cut in to my hot flesh cooling me instantly.   When I couldn't handle
the cold any longer I turned on the hot and brought the temperature up to 
moderately warm.  I quickly soaped up to get rid of the chemicals used in the
whirlpool, then rinsed and climbed out.

A quick toweling down and it was off to my new bedroom.   The bed looked so
inviting.   I pulled back the comforter and sheets, climbed in and settled down. 
I then realized that the lights were still on.  It had been a while since I
controlled the lighting.

"Damn."

I reached over and turned on the bedside lamp, got out of bed and went and
flicked the light switch on the wall.  I then noticed that I had left lights on
all over the fucking apartment.   The Master  might not be happy with a slave
that went around wasting his electricity.

I went around the apartment making sure all the lights were turned out and
finally climbed back into bed.   I turned off the lamp, lay back, pulled the
blankets up to my chin and made an instant trip to dream land.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:    robolder@excite.com   or   elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Hum

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com    or     elder@fetchmail.com

Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 20

Parts A & B

Part A - Job Assignment

"Wakee, wakee, rise and shine sleepy head.  The sun will soon be up and times a
wastin'." Erin shouted as he entered my apartment after knocking twice.

The two knocks woke me from a deep sleep and the yell had me sitting up.   It
was dark in the room so I figured the sun hadn't risen yet.  What bloody time is
it I wondered.   I looked around but there didn't seem to be a clock anywhere.

Erin came bulling in through the bedroom door.

"Well good morning Rob, it's going to be a great day.  Time for your cleaning so
up you get, I have a lot to do this morning." Erin announced jovially.

"Morning," I managed and gave a big  yawn.  I was still not fully awake.

"What time is it?" I asked.

"Don't have a clock huh, let John know after and he will have one sent up for
you.   It is approximately 4:35 am.  Old Saul will be raising his glowing head
in about 15 minutes."

"4:35, what an awful time to be getting up." I murmured.

I slid my feet to the floor and stood up.  I wobbled to the bathroom and took a
leak.  Then headed for the cupboard to get the enema bottles while Erin set up
the table. 

I took the bottles to the sink, squirted a shot of detergent in each, then
filled them with very warm water, as warm as I figured I could stand.  John had
said the hotter the water the better the job it did cleaning.

Once all three bottles were filled I made my way to the table, hanging one
bottle on the hook and placing the other two on the side tray.  Then it was up
onto the table, my feet in the stirrups and wait for Erin to begin.

The enema went with out problems, in fact I think I actually enjoyed it.  Erin
had other duties so he left.  I set about cleaning up all the enema equipment
and putting it all away.  I then lifted the lid of the whirlpool, turned it on,
set the timer and climbed in.

30 minutes later I was back in the bedroom, enamaed, whirlpooled and showered.  
I made the bed and gave the room a good check over to make sure it was clean. 
Then realized I didn't know what I was supposed to do next.

I wandered around the apartment for a bit just looking.   I went over and sat by
the window.  The sun was above the horizon and was casting it's golden rays
across the grounds below.  My apartment has a beautiful view of the gardens. 
Full of colourful flowers with a large water fountain in the centre, shooting
water at least 20 feet into the air.

My stomach started to growl, getting up this early makes a guy hungry I guessed. 
I got up and went to the kitchen.  But the cupboards and refrigerator were
empty.   Not a crumb of food could I find. I grabbed a glass and settled for a
glass of water.

I wandered restlessly back to the living room, then remembered about the button
in the bedroom.   I'll call John, I thought and find out what I'm supposed to
do. 

Quickly, I made my way to the bed and pressed the button.

"Yes Rob, what is it?" John asked after a few seconds.

"What am I supposed to do John?" I asked as I looked around the room for the
intercom speaker.

But there was no answer.

"What do you want Rob?" John asked again a hint of impatience in his voice.

Where the hell was the mic and how did I turn it on?   John hadn't shown me
that.

"Rob are you pressing the button when you talk? he asked.  "Did I forget to tell
you that.... sorry."

I pressed the button and asked the question again.   John told me to get dressed
in the standard slave out fit.  It would be in the closet.   Then just wait and
he and Erin would come get me to take me to breakfast.

Well I found the stupid outfit.  I had been hoping, against all hope that I
would not have to wear this thing again.  But now I guessed I had better get
used to it, this was going to be my standard dress from now on.

After dressing, I again checked the room to make sure it was tidy, then went
back and sat down by the window.  My attention was instantly drawn to the far
side of the flower bed.  Three full grown white tail deer were lazily munching
on the grass.   I sat there enthralled by this wonderful spectacle.

A knock sounded on the door and I got up and opened it.   John and Erin were
both there dressed the same as I.

"Let's go," John said.  "Remember Rob, you are out of your room now and may not
speak unless it involves the Master's business."

We headed silently down the hall to the elevator.  On the ground floor we headed
down the great hallway into a part of the mansion I had not yet been.   The
aroma of eggs and coffee started to waft through the hall getting stronger and
stronger.   My stomach gave another growl.

It wasn't much farther until we entered a rather plain dining room.   It had a
number of small tables much like a coffee shop.   A steam table stretched from
wall to wall at the far end.  There were a large stack of plates at the right
end.   We headed towards that side.

John and Erin each grabbed a plate and headed up the table.   When in Rome....I
thought, grabbing a plate.   There were large trays with all kinds of wonderful
things to eat for breakfast on the steam table.  Pancakes, scrambled eggs,
bacon, sausage, ham, home fries and mounds of toast.  I took what I wanted and
followed the guys.

We headed for an empty table and put our plates down.  Then they headed back to
the steam table, so I followed.   There they grabbed some fresh fruit from a
cooler, got a mug and filled it with coffee.

It was a great breakfast.  Turns out that this dining room is considered slave
quarters so the slaves may speak about anything they want.   We had a great
conversation while we ate.  I asked John about a clock for my room and he said
it would be there sometime this afternoon.

I also asked him about the kitchen.  The empty fridge and cupboards.  He said
that the mansion had a store room specifically for the slaves.  He said that
when we were on our own time we could go to the store room to get the things we
would like to have in the room for snacks or light meals.  They would show me
where the store room was later.

John informed me that after breakfast I would be going to the Master's office.  
The Master wanted to speak to me and we were to be in his office at 7 am.

When we were finished we took our dirty dishes up to a hole in the wall with a
counter.  We placed our dishes there.  I could see into the room beyond.  It was
a large washing up room and there were at least four young men washing pots and
putting dirty dishes into a large dishwasher.

We headed back up the hall  past the elevators and almost to the front door.  On
the left were a set of double, oak doors.  John opened the door and we all filed
in.  As soon as we were in Erin moved up on my left side and John closed up on
my right.  Then they both went down on their knees.   Well I thought, the when
in Rome rule again, and went down.

The room was a small with a large desk directly in front of us.   There were all
manner of office equipment that you would find in any secretaries office.  On
the right, inline with the desk, but about 10 feet away was a large, padded
door.  I figured that would be the door to the Master's office.

The desk was empty,  we three were the only ones present.   Neither Erin or John
made a sound.   They remained ridged waiting for orders.

The padded door opened  and a voice said.

"Yes Sir, by 10 am."

A man in his mid to late 30's came through the door.  He was dressed in the
standard slave garb.  After closing the door, he proceeded to the desk.  He
never glanced at us or in any way acknowledged our presence .

He sat down and made some entries on his computer.   About 10 minutes later a 
buzzer sounded, I assumed it was an intercom. 

"Yes Sir?"  he spoke softly.

"Is Rob here yet, Eric?" came a response from a speaker somewhere on that desk.

"Yes Sir, so are John and Erin."

"Very well send them in."

"Yes Sir."

Without giving us a single glance he said.

"You heard, in you go."

We all stood up together.  John, as usual led the way.  He opened the door,
entered, and I followed.   Erin brought up the rear.    As soon as we were in
they moved to my side, I knew what was coming and when they went down I went
with them.

We didn't say a word and the Master completely ignored us.  He was busy writing
something.  It was a large office.  The wall opposite the door was all windows,
giving a view out on the same garden I had viewed from my room. 

The solid walls were lined with framed certificates, photo's, a few paintings,
trophy's, awards and the odd decorative ornament.

The desk was about 8 feet long and was located at the far end of the room. 
Between us and the desk were strategically placed twin sofa's.  They sat across
from each other with two matching easy chairs at each end.  In the centre, a
huge, oval coffee table finished off the setting.

The Master kept us waiting for about 5 minutes before he finally raised his head
and looked down at us.

"Rob come here." he suddenly commanded.

I quickly got to my feet and walked quickly to stand in front of his desk.

"Now tell me more about IconSoftware and Hugh Gorden."

For the next 30 minutes or so I filled him in on the work I had been doing.   I
told him that my almost finished report was still in my computer back at my old
room.  This caused him to become very alert.

"Would you be able to finish it, if you had your computer?" he asked.

"Yes Sir," I answered.   "I have about 3 or 4 more hours of work to do to finish
it off."

"All my notes and the proof are in the computer as well, Sir."

"You know I have purchased your contract from Rushton's, therefore that report
legally belongs to me now."

"Yes Sir."

"I would like you to finish it.   Your PC will be brought to  your room and you
will have as much time as you need to complete the report."

"Rob I want that report as complete and accurate as you can get it.  If it means
taking a few more days, take them.   If there is anything you need, any help we
might be able to give, ask Henry.   But finish that report."

"Yes Sir I will Sir."  I responded  with a bit of a smile.

"You won't be able to start until tomorrow so this afternoon we will go on an
outing."

The smile fell from my face instantly.  A fucking outing.   I hated his outings.  
It meant I was going to be humiliated again.  Damn, damn, damn.

"You don't seem very happy about going for an outing.   Is this your way of
saying you don't want to go Rob?" he asked, giving me that cold, dark stare.

"Oh no Sir,"  I replied quickly.  "I am always happy to do whatever pleases you
Sir.   An outing would be great fun Sir."  I lied like crazy and placed a forced
smile on my face.

"Oh, for a moment there I thought you had forgotten your lessons.    Great then
we shall leave right after lunch, let's say 1 o'clock."

"John," he called.  "I want Rob in leather's 3 for an outing this afternoon. 
You and Erin make sure he is dressed exactly as per instructions for leather's
3."

"Yes Sir," John answered without getting up.

"Good.  You and Erin wear leather's 2, you will be joining us.  That will be
all."

"Yes Sir." John answered again.

I took that as a formal dismissal, turned and walked back to join John and Erin. 
They both stood up just as I was approaching.   John turned, opened the door and
the three of us filed out.

John led us back upstairs to my apartment.  He opened the door and we filed in.  
Once inside John began to speak again.

"We have a few hours to kill and no assigned duties, so Erin and I are going to
have some fun."  John stated matter of factly. 

"Would you care to join us?"

Now that was an invitation I couldn't refuse.   But I also had some questions
about this outing and particularly about leather's 3.   How fucking far would I
be sticking out this time?

"That would be great John, but what about this outing thing and the outfit he
wants me to wear?"

"Rob that is the Master's business.  We have no right to talk about it.   He has
given us some specific instructions.  We will follow them to the letter.  No
questions asked, none answered.  Ok."

"Ya, sorry."  I said shame faced.

"No probs bud.   Look strip down and hang up your clothes.   Then come to the
next door down the hall, that's Erin's apartment.   We will play there 'cause
Erin has lots of great toys."   he gave a laugh then he and Erin made for the
door.

After they left I went to my bedroom and stripped, hanging everything up in the
closet.   I gave the room a quick check to make sure nothing was out of place
and headed down to Erin's room.

Someone shouted, "Come on in", to my knock so I opened the door and entered.  It
was a living room identical to mine except for the colour scheme.  While mine
was in shades of burgundy, this one was in shades of blue.

They were both in the bathroom and John called out for me to hurry up.  I made
my way to the bathroom and entered.   To my surprise both John and Erin were
dressed in what looked like skin tight rubber outfits. 

The only parts of their bodies visible were those revealed by strategic holes in
the material.   What I could see were the eyes, mouth, cock and balls.  They
each grabbed an arm and dragged me over to one of the enema tables.  

The table had features I had not noticed before.  There were cut outs at the
points where my shoulders would rest, a diabolically clever idea.  They placed
me on my back on the table.  My arms went down through the cut outs and secured
to a reversed arm rest under the table. 

With my arm bent at the elbow,  and pulled up against the reversed armrest, they
secured my arm at three places with thick straps.  Once fastened it was
impossible to move the arm at all or get any leverage.  As well it pulled the
shoulders flat to the table making it impossible to raise or move the upper
body.

My legs were placed in the stirrups and secured by straps at the ankles and just
above the knees.   Then they spread the stirrups wide exposing my vital parts.

This all happened very quickly.   I was on the table and my arms secured before
I even got the first protest out.

"What are you doing guys?" I was almost crying.

"We are taking you on a trip Rob.  Just lay back and enjoy the journey." John
said.

I started to protest again and John bent over and picked something up off the
little side tray.   When he brought it into view I saw that it was one of those
terrible inflatable gags, like the one they had used on me before.

"Aw not that John, I'll be quiet, I promise."  I whined.

"Too late, open up."  he said.

I clamped my jaw tightly closed.  Ain't no way I was going to let him put that
fucking thing in my mouth.  

"Open up Rob," John demanded.

I defied him.

"Erin squeeze Rob's nuts that'll make him open up."

"NOoooooo," I yelled.  "I'll open, I'll open."  and I did.

John slipped the gag on and quickly fastened it.

"Now be good and I won't inflate it.  You won't get another warning."

I had no choice. Having my arms secured as they were, I was not able to  lift my
head high enough to see what they were doing, so just lay back and waited.  
They were busy fastening all kinds of straps around me, totally immobilizing my
body.

Finally I heard Erin say, "That should do it."

"Try to lift your ass Rob." John said.

I tried but couldn't budge at all.   I was fastened down completely.   The only
thing that I could still move a bit was my head.

I then felt something being fastened around my balls.   They were pulled pretty
tight together.    Then a tug, a quick shot of pain and a feeling that my nuts
were being pulled off.   I tried to yell but all that came out was a muffled
garble.

"The pain will stop in a minute Rob," John soothed,   "Just relax it is not
really as bad as it feels at the moment.  It will settle down shortly."

I don't fucking well want it to settle down shortly, I want it to settle down
now.  I tried to scream through the gag, but of course all that came out was a
muffled garble.

The pain did ease off and all that was left was a great feeling that something
was pulling my balls.

I must apologize dear reader for forgetting to tell you about my dick.  
Although I didn't like or want any of this stuff they were doing to me, my dick
was in it's glory.   It was standing up straight, waving to the guys as they
worked.   Precum was dribbling all over, I could feel it.

So I may not have liked this shit, but it sure as hell was turning me on.   One
of the guys decided to be a real friend and took my dick in his mouth and sucked
a bit.   There were muffled sounds coming out of the gag again, only this time
they were muffled sounds of pleasure.

The mouth was abruptly removed from my dick and I felt devastated.   I wanted it
back.   The mouth was replaced by a hand.  The hand had some kind of lube on it.  
The I felt something being pushed over and down onto my dick.  It was a tight
fit and my foreskin was dragged back a bit as whatever it was full seated itself
on my cock.

A soft hum filled the room and then the most incredible feelings began to work
around my dick.   It was like, well a million little fingers, all lightly
teasing the nerve  endings at a million different places on my dick at the same
time.  This was followed by a gently sucking feeling and a pulsing, the pulsing
was similar to someone gently wanking me.

While all these incredible feelings were going through my cock, my balls had
begun to be stimulated by a gentle pull/release, pull/release of whatever was
attached to them.

Erin and John taking up positions on either side of my chest began to suck and
bite my nipples.   That was all it took, so much stimulation at once was too
much and I started blowing my load.  Whatever was wrapped around my dick paid no
attention it just kept up doing it's thing at the same pace.  I didn't know what
was happening to my cum but I could feel it being sucked right out of my dick.  
And still that thing kept working.

John and Erin both knew I was cuming but didn't pay any attention, they just
kept sucking and nibbling on my nipples.   Needless to say I didn't loose my
erection once I was finished shooting.   I was still getting unbelievable
stimulation.

John finally tore himself away from my nipple.   He came over and started to
remove the gag.

"How does it feel Rob?"  he asked with a smile on his face.

''Fantastic John but what the fuck is..aaaahhhh..going on."  I gasped. 

"You are being milked by a milking machine." he said as if this were an everyday
occurrence.

"You can get pretty high from this so it is necessary to be strapped down.  It
is a safety precaution."

The feelings had gotten too great I couldn't concentrate on John or what he was
saying.   All that interested me was the sensations moving rapidly through my
body. 

John moved to the head of the table and did something that caused the portion
under my head to drop.   He then moved into position and placed his rock hard
cock to my lips.   I took it in greedily.   I desperately need a cock in my
mouth.

Then I felt Erin at my back door.   Oh man, I was going to get fucked too.  I
was lost in a world of ecstasy.  Those never tiring little fingers played with
the nerve ends, the sucking and wanking of my dick by whatever it was.   John's
beautiful, tasty cock down my throat and Erin's dick pounding in and out of my
ass, striking my prostate on every thrust just adding to it all.

I came, another huge load sucked up by the machine.   John sensing me unloading
started pumping his sweet life's nectar into my parched, greedy throat.  
Finally Erin began to pump his hot seed up my chute.   His juice coating the
walls and making squishing sounds as he continued to pound away, emptying his
balls.

I was still cleaning John's cock when Erin finally pulled out.   The milking
machine still had my cock standing rock hard.   Erin went over and shut the
machine down.   Those fantastic feelings emanating from my hard member ceased
immediately.   I almost screamed, "turn it back on.", but thought better of it.

Erin returned and began licking his cum that was seeping from my asspussy.   His
hot tongue swishing against my still tingling bud sent wonderful little shivers
up my back.

The boys then began the process of releasing me from the table.   As they worked
we talked about the experience.   I admitted that I really could get to love
something like this.  

"Ya, but ya have ta be very careful Rob.  This could become very addictive and
spoil normal sex.   The Master only lets us all have one session a year on it. 
This was yours."

"You mean it was his idea to do this?  I thought we were coming here to play." 
I said a little indignantly.

"When are you going to learn that we don't do anything without his permission or
orders Rob?"

"Of course he ordered us to do this.   But does that change things in anyway? 
Does that make the experience any less great than it was?"

"Ah... no," I answered sheepishly.

"All you have to do is obey and you will end up having the most wonderful
experiences you could ever imagine.   Don't question, just do."

"Ok, thanks John.  I will try harder to remember all of this, I promise."

"Well enough of that let's all jump in the whirlpool," John suggested.

"Hey I'm with you," I answered gleefully.

What can I say, I like the fucking whirlpool.   We jumped in and splashed around
like three kids hitting the swimming hole for the first time.  We tussled,
dunked each other and just generally had fun.

Eventually we grew up a bit and sat back to let the water work it's magic.  It
didn't take long before my cock was standing up straight.   The swirling water
doing an excellent job of masturbating me.   I just happened to be in a position
where one of the jets was shooting straight out at my dick.   It felt fantastic.

My face must have gave away the feelings that were going through my dick.  

"What the hell are you up to?" John asked.

"Are you wanking?"

I opened my eyes and looked at him.  A silly smile plastered all over my face
I'm sure.

"No, the water's doing it." I answered.

"You slut," he said playfully

"Erin this fucking slut is letting the water wank his dick.  Now I don't think
that is appropriate behavior in a public bath, do you?"  he said in mock
indignity.

"That's for sure," Erin answered.

"I wonder what we should do about such disgraceful behavior?"

"Well I for one think he should be punished.   A stiff cock down his evil throat
and another up his ass should teach him the error of his ways."  John announced.

"Here, here," Erin yelled enthusiastically.

"Let's do it."

And they did.    Erin climbed out of the tub and sat on the edge.   His big dick
sticking straight up.   I knew what was expected so quickly wrapped my lips
around it and began to work it.

John came around behind and soon had his cock up my boypussy, humping away
merrily.  Amazingly I just happened to still be in a good position for that
knozzle.   It was still doing a great job of massaging my dick and now was also
massaging my balls.

I felt the tension in Erin's dick change and knew he was about to come.   I
worked my tongue faster and began to hum to increase his sensations.   His cock
tightened right up and seemed to get larger.

"Oh yes suck it Rob.  Suck my fucking cock right off.  Oh, man suck that thing."
he yelled as he started to shoot his load into my throat and mouth.   I caught
it all and swallowed as fast as I could.

Then John began to yell.

"Oh yea, oh fucking A." 

And he began filling my chute with more boy juice. 

Just about then the water jet succeeded in bringing me to the finish line.  It
had been too soon since the massive milking so I only managed two very weak
squirts and it stopped.   Still, the water did bring me off and a smile curled
my lips.  Now that I knew it could, what fun I could have in my whirlpool late
at night if the urge struck.

Once we were all sated we climbed out of the whirlpool and headed for the
shower.

20 minutes later we were sitting naked in John's kitchen drinking coffee.  We
talked sports for a while, until John suddenly got a bit excited.

"Oh shit look at the time.   We all have to get dressed, go to lunch and be in
the Master's office for one.   We don't have a hell of a lot of time."

"Let's go get Rob dressed first, it is going to take the longest anyway.   It
won't take us more than a few minutes to slap on our stuff."  John said.

"Good idea, lets do it." Erin responded.

With that we were up and headed to my room.  John went straight to the closet
and removed a garment bag.   He laid it down on the bed and zipped it open. 
Inside was a, what else, black leather outfit.  Here we go again I thought.

"What about the ear ring?" Erin asked.

"Oh fuck, I forgot about the ear ring."  John replied a bit shaken.

"Look go call Ted and tell him to get his ass up here real quick.   The Master
wants two number 4's, a 2  and a 14a." he said to Erin.

"Right." Erin replied and left the room.

"What's that all about," I asked innocently,  "or is it none of my business?"

 "Your going to get your ears and nose pierced Rob." he answered while he set
out the things.

"Oh fuck."  was all I could think to reply.

Next the job of getting dressed began and it was a bit of a job.  I had to stand
with my legs spread wide while John fastened a leather strap around my cock and
balls. When it was on,  the top part of the strap went all the way around the
top of the scrotal sac. 

A second strap which was permanently attached to the first strap, was brought
up, separating my two nuts.  It fastened to the front of the top strap.  

My nuts were now separated, pulled tight in the sac and stuck out on each side.   
It was a strange feel, no pain, just strange.  A large metal ring, about 2
inches in diameter was attached to the bottom of that strap and hung straight
down.  I had no idea at all what that ring was for.

Next John had me turn around, bend over with my hands on the bed.   He squirted
something on my rose bud and then worked it up my hole.   He pulled his finger
out and I wanted him to put it back in.   Well he put something back in but it
sure as hell was not his finger. 

It was cold and it slipped right in.   It didn't hurt or anything, but it did
feel filling.   It was possible that if that stayed in there for any length of
time it just might become uncomfortable.

He took a cloth and cleaned up around my ass.   I guessed he didn't  want any of
the lube he had used to get all over whatever he was going to put on me next.

Well next turned out to be a pair of skin tight soft leather pants.  They had
two holes in the crotch and I assumed they were for my cock and balls.   Of
course I assumed correctly. 

He took the trouser and bent down.  I had to hold onto him as I lifted one leg
and he worked the first leg in.   Then repeated the process with the second leg.

He then began to pull the trousers up.  They were tight and he had to work at it
to get them up.  He was up to my knees when Erin returned.

"He will be here in about 10 minutes so we have plenty of time."  Erin informed
us.

"Ok, help me get these fucking pants on him.   They sure are tight this time.  I
hope Josh didn't make another mistake.  The Master will tear his backside off if
he did."

Oh great they were trying to get me into a pair of pants that may be too small. 
Just what I needed.

But with the two of them working together they finally got them up.  It was a
little tricky getting my strapped nuts through the hole provided in the pants
but they finally managed with only a few mistakes that nearly sent me through
the ceiling.

The pants were tight, no getting away from it.  They pulled my ass cheeks
together, which was a double assurance that the butt plug thing wouldn't fall
out.  I could just imagine how much fun I was going to have trying to walk in
these fucking things.

Next was a jacket.   It had long sleeves, however half the chest area was
missing.    When closed and zipped up, my well developed pecs and nipples stood
out for all the world to see.

"Oh shit," John said.

"There's a fucking hair on your chest.  Did you shave this morning."

"Just my face," I said meekly.

"Idiot.  You gotta fucking shave your whole body every fucking day.  If the
Master sees that hair your in big trouble Rob."

"Erin go get his razor and we will take this one off.  Just hope you don't have
anymore showing somewhere."

Well they shaved off the hair and ran the  razor around my pecs just as a
precaution.  Only problem was they did it dry and with in a couple of minutes my
bloody chest started to itch.

That itch though was the least of my worries.   What the fuck was I going to do
if the Master found a hair on me somewhere.   Damn, I didn't want to loose my
lovely apartment or all the other great things they had given me.  I didn't want
to go back to the dudgeon and the cage or much worse.  A small tear formed in my
eye.

Next John brought out a strange looking thing.  It was a rectangular piece of
black leather about two feet long and one foot wide.  It had a strap attached at
each corner.   I soon saw that it fit just like a diaper.  The straps on the
left side, front and back buckled together and were pulled tight, the same with
the right. 

They had me sit on the bed while they worked on the boots.  Again they came up
to just below the knee and were laced tight.

Finally my hands were forced into a pair of very tight, stiff mittens that did
not have a thumb.  I effectively could not use my hands at all.  The leather was
so thick on the inside of the hand that it was  impossible for me to bend my
fingers.

"We will remove these down in the dining hall so you can eat, but then they go
back on." John said.

"Ok Rob stand up so we can have a look at you." John ordered.

I stood up and nearly fell flat on my face.  The boots were a hell of a lot
different then the ones I had worn yesterday.   They had 2 inch thick soles and
four inch high heels. 

The boys caught me before I fell and helped me walk around a bit to get used to
them.  It took a bit but I managed.

There was a knock at the door and I hollered the standard, "come on in."

A small, skinny guy, he couldn't have been more than 5' 4", 120 lbs. entered
carrying a briefcase.

"Sorry it took me so long.  I was working on an intricate tattoo when Erin
called."

"Was this a sudden order or have you known about it for a few days and forgot?"
he asked.

"The Master gave us the task this morning.  We had a whole bunch of stuff to do
in a short time and it just slipped.  Sorry Ted."  John answered.

"So'k John, I know you don't fuck around, this is just between us."

"Thanks Ted, it's appreciated."

"So this is the legendary Rob we have all been hearing about.  Glad ta meet ya
Rob."  he said sticking out his hand.

Legendary.  Every one has been hearing about me.  Oh shit.  My escapades have
been travelling all over the mansion.  I could feel my face getting read.

"Well lets get to it I gotta get back and finish that tattoo.   Let's go to the
kitchen it will be easier on both of us in there."

Saying that he marched off through the door to the kitchen.

"We are off to get dressed now and should be back in about 10 minutes.  When Ted
finishes, practice walking in you heels.  Believe me you will be glad you did." 
John said as he turned to leave. 

I followed them as far as the living room then went into the kitchen.   Ted had
his brief case open and had a strange looking gun thingy in his hand.

"Just sit on the chair and keep as still as possible.  It really doesn't hurt
all that much, just a sudden pin prick and it is over."

Ya that's always easy for the one doing the jabbing to say.  I wasn't afraid,
needles have never caused me a problem.  However I did not want my fucking ears
pierced.  As with all things around here though, I had no choice.

Ted wiped my ear with an antiseptic, moved the gun into position and pulled the
trigger.   I felt a sudden pin prick and it was over.  He then did the other
ear.

"I'm afraid this one is not quite so pleasant Rob.  I'm not going to shit ya, it
stings a bit.  It may also cause your eyes to water up for a bit.  But don't
worry it will settle down fairly quickly."

Hadn't I heard that, "settle down", thing earlier today.  My response now was
the same as then.  I don't even want it to start.

"Now just push your head back and look straight up at the ceiling.  Ok here we
go".

There was a little snap and then my fucking nose started to sting.  My eyes
filled with water and it was difficult to see. 

"There all done.  That wasn't so bad now was it?"

Everyone's a fucking comedian around here.

"No I guess not," I said. 

My nose was still stinging and my eyes watering.

"Last part of your new jewelry." he said taking a gold chain out of his
briefcase.

He placed a large mirror on the table, went around behind me  and demonstrated
how to attach the chain   to the ring in the left ear and the small ring in my
left nostril.   He had me put it on and take it off  a couple of times to make
sure I knew how to do it.

He then handed me two tubes of antiseptic ointment.  I was to wash each piercing
three times a day with the ointment until both tubes were empty.  If I failed to
follow these instructions and ended up with an infection the Master would be
very displeased.

He informed me that if a piercing became red, inflamed or sore I was to let John
know right away. 

"Don't be a fucking idiot and fool around with infections, ok?"  he said.

"Ok." I replied in a despondent voice.

"The rings are permanent Rob.....The gun not only makes the hole,  it inserts
and seals the ring.   That is one of the reasons why you have to be extra
careful with the cleaning.  Normally you would get a sleeper type stud, however
the Master prefers these type of rings on special slaves."

"So be careful."

"Ok, thanks Ted."  he was a nice guy but right now I wasn't really feeling
kindly towards him.

"No problem, have a good outing today, bet you will have the time of your life."

Saying that he shook my hand collected his stuff and was gone.  I made my way to
the bedroom.  I wanted to look at in full length mirror and see what kind of
jerk I looked like this time.

Oh man did I look like some kind of weirdo.   Where was he going to parade me
around wearing this shit? 

I only knew it was going to be as humiliating as hell.  Damn.  Then double damn,
my fucking dick started to rise as that thought ran through my mind.


Part B -  The Dick Dance

We had a great lunch and headed for the Master's office.  We entered the outer
office and got down on our knees.  Which when you are dressed in an outfit as
tight as mine is a difficult task.  I almost went flat on my face, but John and
Erin both caught me.

We were 5 minutes early.   I hoped the Master would not keep us waiting very
long,  it really was a strain.  I quickly became very, very uncomfortable.

John and Erin on the other hand were dressed in black leather suits.  They
didn't seem to be the least bit uncomfortable.  But then their suits were  loose
fitting.  Besides that it was a nice modern cut and they both looked quite good
and oh so sexy.

Damn, I shouldn't have thought that,  my dick started to rise.  I tried to get
things settled down by thinking of my new assignment.   I had to finish the
report on IconSoftware.  Well that shouldn't be all that difficult all.......

The buzzer sounded interrupting my thoughts.

"Send them in Eric." the Master ordered.

"Off you go boys."

Eric and John were on their feet in a flash.  I couldn't get up at all.  The
material was just too tight.  I looked up at them helplessly.  A big grin
flashed across both faces, which pissed me off by the way.  They each reached
down placed a hand under one of my underarms and lifted. 

We then did the file thing into the inner sanctum.   I said a little prayer of
thanks because before we had a chance to kneel the Master called for us to come
up to his desk.

"Come on up here I want to have a good look at you Rob."

I started to move forward and Erin and John started to kneel.

"You are all relieved of the need to kneel until we get back from our little
outing.  I don't think Rob would be able to manage it very well anyway."  and he
smiled.

Prick, I thought.

"Oh yes Rob you are perfect, just perfect.   Can't wait to see you do the Dick
Dance."

The fucking what dance?, I wanted to scream.   The, "Dick Dance", what kind of a
horror is that.  Am I going to have to go down that fucking board walk swinging
my dick in time to some fucking wild beat.

This news really was freaking me out.  I know my breathing had increased, and my
poor heart was pounding at about ten times it's normal rate.  My damned cock
didn't mind though.   I think the little bastard was delighted by the news. It
had stiffened right up and was poking at the soft leather that covered it.

"I see you like the idea of a dick dance Rob." the Master said.  "Good that will
make it even better.  Ok lets go."

With that he headed for the door behind his desk and we followed.  The door led
into another very large office where Henry was busy writing.

"Let's be off Henry," the Master said as he headed for a door that led out into
the garden.

Once outside he turned right and headed for what I figured to be the front of
the Mansion.   It was a wonderful walk out in the garden.  The flowers were
gorgeous and the smell divine.  
I was starting to get a new sensation now.   That fucking butt plug thingy up my
ass was starting to make itself well known.    Every step sent erotic sensations
up through my system.  My dick loved it of course.    I just wanted to scream.

The walk way curved around to the front of the mansion and the driveway.  Frank
was there with the limo, he opened the back door as soon as he saw us
approaching.  

Shit the limo, I thought.  How the fuck am I going to be able to keep my balance
wearing this outfit.   Then I remembered that the Master said no knees for the
rest of the afternoon.  Oh I could just kiss him for that.

The limo had fold down side seats and that's where the three of us sat.   Henry
and the Master sank into the lovely soft seat that crossed the back of the car. 
We sat very quiet while the Master and Henry talked business.

I didn't have long to wonder where we might be going.  It was back to the gay
area, however we didn't go to the club.  Instead the limo pulled up in front of
a bar.   There were crowds of good looking men all over the place.

When they saw the Master emerge from the limo they parted, making a way for him
straight to the door of the bar.  The Master didn't wait for us, Henry joined
him and then both went straight into the bar.

I made a move to go, but John put a restraining hand on my shoulder and shook
his head no when I looked at him.  At the same moment Frank closed the back
door.  I breathed a big sigh of relief, I didn't have to get out in front of all
those guys.   I was suddenly a very happy slave.

John reached in his pocket and pulled out a very heavy gold chain about three
feet long.  He took out a padlock and locked the chain to the ring on the front
of my collar.

Now Erin did the same but padlocked his to the ring on the back of my collar. 
My euphoria at not having to get out vanished. 

I now had two chains attached to my collar and figured I was going to have to
cross that sidewalk in front of all those men chained front and back.  But I was
mistaken.  The limo pulled away from the curb, I let out another sigh of relief. 

He drove 3 blocks, pulled over and opened the door.  John got up and made his
way out.  Being chained, and with him holding the other end of the chain I
followed.   Erin got out right behind holding the other chain.

Oh, oh. I thought.  They are going to make me do this dick dance thing whatever
it is right here in public.  They are going whip off that leather thingy hiding
my dick and make me walk down this fucking street.   These thoughts were
flashing through my spinning mind.

But all that happened was John started walking back the way we had come.  I was
in total confusion.  But not for long.  Humiliation was about to take its place.

The sidewalks were jam packed with guys strolling.  Then the taunts began, the
same taunts practically as yesterday.
I was feeling totally centred.  It seemed that everyone was looking at me.  My
dick had risen again, and now all I could think was that they were all looking
at my bonner tenting that piece of leather.

The butt plug was doing it's job, or at least assumed it was doing it's job.  
As we walked it rubbed up and down in my ass and every once in a while it would
brush against my prostate.   My cock would give a leap and grow just a little
bigger and harder.   I was leaking loads of precum.    My dick head just love
rubbing up and down the sopping leather.

It got even worse when a few cars honked and the driver's stuck their head out
of the window, making obscene comments or wolf whistles then more honking . 
Drawing more attention to me.

The Master must have gave John an order to make this walk as miserable as
possible.  He would walk slowly along for a bit, 25 or 30 feet, then stop.   He
would just stand there, then start walking again, then stop.  A couple of times
we crossed over to the other side of the street.   Walk a bit then cross back.  
The sole purpose of these little side trips being to draw as much attention to
me as possible.

I was suddenly very happy that I no longer lived on my own.  I would never have
been able to show my face in public again after this.

After what seemed to be hours we finally were back in front of the bar.  I had
my fingers crossed inside the mittens as much as I could within those tight
confines.  Praying that we were not going to continue walking.   I wanted
desperately to get off the street.

Little did I know that within 20 minutes I would be wishing that we had never
entered this bar.  That we had instead walked all the way back to the mansion.  
It would have been less humiliating.

John marched straight into the bar.  It was huge.  It looked like an old movie
theatre that had been converted.  There was a ground floor and two balconies
that went all around the outsides of the  room.

I estimated that it would hold 600 to 800
patrons and it looked as if there were that many men there.   There were tables
everywhere surrounding a round stage that was in the middle of the room.  No
matter where you sat in the bar you had a clear view of the stage.  All of the
tables were full of men of all sizes, shapes and descriptions.

John marched right in among the tables as if he knew exactly where he was going,
and of course, he did.  In just a few moments we ended up at the Masters table
which was right beside the stage.  I wondered if he owned this fucking place
too.  He always seemed to get the best seats wherever we went.

"Did you enjoy your little walk Rob?"  he asked above the din.

"I thought maybe you hadn't been getting enough exercise and a walk would do you
good." 

"Yes Sir," I lied.  "It was a great walk I got plenty of exercise, Sir."

Not getting enough exercise he says.  Shit he had me out walking forever
yesterday as well.  It's not exercise I need it is humiliation protection.

"Good, good," he said.   "Well I am really looking forward to your performance
this afternoon.  Break a leg Rob."

Before I could muster up a reply to that one, John started off and I had to
follow.  My performance, oh shit no, in front of this crowd.   My legs started
shaking.

John led me up onto the stage.  The crowd started clapping and whistling.  John
didn't pay any attention as he walked over to where there seemed to be a large
rectangular hole in the stage floor.  It turned out to be a stairwell that took
us to the dressing rooms.  Well the dressing rooms for most performers.  For me
it was a fucking cage.

John undid his chain from my collar as did Erin.  They then removed the leather
rectangle thing.   My mitted hands instinctively moved forward to hide jewels.  
He told me to get in the cage and I did.  

"Now Rob here are your instructions, pay very close attention because I will not
have time to repeat them."

"You are going to have to go up unto that stage and do what is known as the Dick
Dance.  You must make it as seductive as possible.  Now Rob I really mean
seductive.  It is very important."

"You start out on the stage wiggling your cock around, humping, whatever.  If
you do it right the crowd will go wild, once they do that is your cue to leave
the stage and go down into the crowd."

"Now you must work fast.  The moment you leave the stage a timer will start. 
You will have exactly 5 minutes to collect 200 hundred strings.  The catch is,
you must continue the seductive dance because the patrons will not give you the
ribbons unless they think you are seductive."

"The last bit is the bit you will probably hate the most.   You must let the
patrons tie the strings to your dick.  They have all done this before and can
tie them on really fast.   You should have no problem collecting your two
hundred strings if you keep your dance seductive."

"You are not going to be able to keep count of the ribbons and still do a
seductive dance so forget counting just collect as many as you can as fast as
you can until the buzzer sounds."

"When the buzzer sounds if someone is tying a ribbon on they may finish but it
must already be on your dick.  Do not accept anymore after that buzzer goes or
you will be punished."

"Although you are required to collect 200, you most likely will get more.  The
record for this bar is 437.  If you beat that record the Master will be
extremely happy and you can bet you will get a nice reward."

"If you fail to get the 200, you will be stripped on the stage.  Your chains
will be put back on and you will be marched naked back up the street to the
limo."

"Did you get all that?"

"Yes," I said in a stunned voice.

Tears were running down my cheeks again.  How could the Master do these things
to me.  How the hell am I going to be able to be seductive when I am up there
feeling so fucking humiliated.

"Good luck Rob, we will meet you when it is over." 

He and Erin went back up the stairs, leaving me alone in my cage with my misery
and my tears.

A man that looked like a contender for Mr. Atlas passed my cage and went up the
stairs to the stage.   The audience broke out into a loud cheer.  The noise went
on for a moment then the place got quiet.

"Gentlemen, the Golden Goose is pleased to be able to present another Dick Dance
for your pleasure."

A young man came up and unlocked the cage door.  He motioned for me to follow
him.   I followed behind as he walked to the steps.  He stopped at the bottom
and turned to me.

"When Jack introduces you go up the stairs quick and start your dance right
away.   Good lucky guy, it really isn't as bad as it seems at the moment."  he
patted me on the back and left.

"You all know the rules."  Jack was instructing the audience. 

"If you consider the dancer to be seductive and would love to suck his dancing
dick then tie a ribbon on it when it is jabbed at you.  Remember this is for
fun.  Anyone that ties a ribbon on so tight as to restrict the dancers blood
flow with be ejected and never permitted to attend again."

"Our dancer this afternoon is Rob, a slave belonging to the illustrious, Master
Scott."

A big cheer and whistling went up from the crowd.  When the noise subsided he
went on.

"So gentlemen, without further ado let's have a big round of applause for Rob
and his dancing dick."

Oh shit, was all I could think of.  I didn't want to have to walk up that street
naked.  I would rather die, so up the fucking stairs I went.  Well not that
fast, I was wearing the retardedly tight suit.

As I hit the stage music started to blare a rather up beat tune and I got right
into the rhythm.  I didn't look out at the audience I knew that would screw me,
so instead tried to think of dance moves I had seen on tv and in the movies.

My dick of course was rock hard and really enjoying my discomfort.  How could it
keep doing this to me, I wondered.  I had always thought my cock would be my
best friend, lately however, it seemed to be the best friend of everyone, but
me.

Moving to a beat, on a stage, my cock and balls hanging out, with a few hundred
horny men ogling  me, had me damned near mortified.  The one and only thing that
forced me to continue was the fear of having to go outside this building naked.

My fear grew to near hysteria when the audience started booing.   I became so
scared I almost pissed myself.   I had visions of John and Erin leading me
slowly long that street.  

Naked.  

Everyone looking at me. 

Pointing at me. 

Laughing  at me.

NOOOOOOOOO, I screamed in my mind.   Noooooo.  My fear overcoming my
mortification I started to gyrate my hips, humping my dick forward and back.

I moved towards the audience and humped towards them,  a cheer went up.  I moved
along the stage a bit and did it again.   I kept doing it until I had been all
around the stage giving each section of the crowd a good humping.   The noise in
the audience was beginning to pick up, at least I now had their attention.

I brought my unbendable, fingerless mittened hands forward and wanked my dick a
bit.  They loved it.   It then came to me that this was a totally different
crowd from the one at the club.   My little show worked there maybe I could get
it to work for me here.

I had quickly worked my way around the stage, giving my dick a little wank at
each spot.   Then with out warning I did a back flip.  Now I almost hurt myself
because the pants were so fucking tight they restricted my movement.  Luckily I
managed to recover without anyone even noticing the slip.

The back flip got a good cheer. Then I went up on my hands, spread my legs and
started to dance.  My dick away up in the air, bouncing around, waving at them.  
Well the crowd went absolutely wild.  The screaming and applause was so loud the
building was vibrating. 

I continued my little hand dance all around the stage, making sure each section
of the audience were treated equally to my show.   There was no way I was going
to walk that fucking street naked so for my, "coup de gras",  I went to centre
stage.   

I went down on my back, swung my legs up over my head and took my cock deep into
my throat.  Then using my hands and feet started myself spinning around. 
Everyone in the audience had a good view as I went round and round humping my
dick in and out of my throat.

The roar was deafening.  Screaming, yelling, stamping of feet, clapping,
whistling.   Even through my humiliation at being forced to do this, I smiled at
my ability to win these guys over. 

It was now time to do the part that I really dreaded, letting them tie strings
around my dick.

I did a back spring and somehow managed to end up on my feet.  A sharp pain flew
up through my groin.  I somehow pinched or squeezed one of my nuts during that
dumb maneuver.  Luckily the pain past quickly and was not enough to cause me to
loose my erection.

Making humping motions to each side and front as I walked I headed for the
stairs that would take me down into that audience.  The house was still wild and
I wanted to now move quickly so I could get my 200 fucking strings and get this
thing over with.

I humped my way to the first table, humped my dick between two guys.  They both
screamed approval and quickly tied their strings.  I moved on to the next and
the next and the next.

I had moved all around the first row of tables next to the stage and finally
came to the Masters table.  Feeling really self-conscious now because, after
all, this was my Master,  I humped between him and Henry.  Both instantly tied
their strings. 

As I started to move on, the Master said.

"Go for it Rob."  and began clapping.

I moved to the next row of tables back and continued on all around the stage. 
My cock was getting pretty thick with ribbons.   Shit the only part still
showing was the tip of my purple head, and it was oozing precum.   On and on
around the room, humping in between guys, hoping they would tie their strings
on. It was only the odd one that didn't.

I noticed that the noise was easing up.  Well fuck that, I wanted them noisy,
that way I would get less refusals.   A spot light had been following my
progress so at the next table the first two guys didn't tie their strings on. 
Well pricks I thought try refusing this.

I turned around, lay back on the table, knocking glasses, bottles and other
things flying.  Didn't give a shit, wanted those fucking strings.  Then raised
my legs up over my head and placed my cock to my mouth again.   The strings made
it impossible to suck, but I sure as hell could lick and suck the tip.

The noise level rose instantly.   The two guys that had refused tied their
strings on while I was still licking and the rest of the guys at the table did
the same.  I jumped off the table quick and moved to the next.  Didn't have any
trouble here or at any of the other tables.

There must have been three or four thick inches of string tied around my still
throbbing prick, when the buzzer finally sounded. 

A guy was tying his string on when the buzzer went so I let him finish and then
made my way slowly to the stage. 

I was worn out.  The adrenaline had been pumping while the music played and I
had the urgent need to get the string.   That buzzer ended it all.  The
desperate, all consuming need to collect 200 strings was gone, the adrenaline
stopped pumping.  This sudden loss of adrenaline, to my body which had been
feeling it's effects for the past 10 minutes or so,  was drastic.    I suddenly
felt extremely fatigued.

When I finally dragged my weary butt up onto the stage Jack, the Master of
ceremonies was standing beside a table.

"Well, well here comes our splendid dancer now.  Let's hear a round of applause
for a job well done or if you prefer, a great Dick Dance."

The audience must have agreed because the place erupted again.   I marched my
sorry ass over to Jack and waited for him to tell me what to do.

"Ok it is time to find out if the old record of 437 strings in five minutes
still holds or do we have a new World Champion."

John, Erin and two other young men I have never met entered the stage from the
audience.   One of them was carrying a chair.   They came forward until they
were standing next to me, placed the chair beside the table and told me to sit
and keep my legs spread wide apart.

John and Erin began the task of removing the strings.   They were passed to one
of the young men who then passed it on to the second.   I found out later that
all of the strings were counted twice to make sure the final figure would be
accurate.  I tried to keep count, but the noise and the constant talking of the
Master of Ceremonies were just too distracting.

I had lost count at 80 something and the string still remaining on my cock was a
couple of inches thick.  That let me relax because I was then fairly certain I
had got the 200 I needed.   I didn't give a shit about any World Records. 
Particularly this one.

It took much longer to remove and count the string then it had to put it on.  10
minutes later they were still working at it but were getting close to finishing. 
I breathed a sigh of relief when John finally removed the last string.   My dick
was still hard and had a red, washboard look to it.   I gave a little giggle, it
looked so funny.

The two counters conversed for a moment, shook their heads in agreement and went
to talk to Jack.   A big smile lit up Jack's face and he thanked the lads.

"Gentlemen."  the house became silent almost immediately.

"The final figure is in.   You have exactly 30 minutes to make your bet. 
Because of the large number in attendance today all 20 betting windows are
open."

With that he placed the mic on the table and came over.

"John and Erin will take you downstairs until the betting is finished.   The two
counters and I are not permitted to leave the stage until the betting windows
close.  So go and relax you have earned it."

John and Erin led me to the stairs and we went down to the change rooms.  I was
led back to the cage.   John opened the door and I got in.

"Would you like something to eat and drink Rob?" John asked.

"A cold drink would be nice John, but I don't think I could eat anything."

"Anything in particular?" he asked.

"No, just as long as it is cold.  My throat is so dry......" I didn't finish, I
think he knew what I meant.

There was a cot in the cell and I lay back and relaxed while I waited for John
to return.

When they returned with the drink John opened the cage and entered.   I noticed
he had my black rectangle thingy , don't know what the hell to call it.   He
passed me a coke and told me to stand up.   I did so taking a long swig as I
moved.   That cold liquid gliding down my throat felt great.

John and Erin quickly refastened the leather peace and my cock and balls were
finally hidden again.  But my fucking cock was still standing straight up and it
made a black tent out of the leather.

I lay back down on the cot, sipping my coke and wishing for this whole thing to
get over with so we could get back to the mansion.  I loved the place now and
just wanted to get back.  It had become the home I had not had for years, and I
longed for it.

A bell rang and John opened the cell door and told me to come on, they were
going to make the announcement.  So it was back up the stairs and onto the
stage.   As soon as I appeared on stage the crowd went into a roar.  Well I
guess I must have been a hit.

I didn't feel quite so bad about the stupid outfit now, my dick and balls were
hidden.

We went over and stood beside Jack.  The two counters were on his left side.  We
were on his right.

"Gentlemen".  He called out.

The hall became instantly quiet.

"The Dick Dance is over, the counting is over and the betting is over." he
paused.

"Did young Rob here manage to convince 200 hundred of you that he was a sexy
sonofabitch?"  again he paused.  

The tension was high as we all waited for Jack to give the verdict.   Would I
have to walk up the street naked?

"The answer," he said, "is a resounding...... YES."

The crowd went wild.  I don't think anyone, including me was surprised, but to
have it made official made everyone happy.  I said a little prayer of thanks and
now just wanted to leave.   I wasn't interested in how many I got, I only wanted
the 200.

"Now the moment we have all been waiting for.    The World Record is currently
437 strings in 5 minutes and is held John, another of Master Scott's slaves. 
John just happens to be here to day, take a bow John."

My mouth fell open and I just stared at John.   I couldn't believe it.  He had
gone through all of this himself, but he had never let on.

John moved forward and bowed first towards the Masters table, turned and bowed
all round.   He knew it was important to keep everyone happy.

"Gentlemen." Jack said again to get attention.

"We have a new World Record, 564 strings in 5 minutes."  he screamed out the
last part.

The audience nearly went crazy.   I nearly had a heart attack.  Oh shit I held
the fucking record.   What was holding the record going to mean?   Would I have
to attend more of these damned things?   John and I were going to have to have a
serious talk.  

John pulled a small gold chain leash from his pocket.  This was totally
different from the heavy chains used earlier.  He clipped it to my collar and
led me off the stage.  As I left I got a standing ovation from the crowd.

He led me up to the Master and handed him the chain.  The Master stood up, 
Henry joined him and they turned and started up the isle to leave.   Neither one
even acknowledged my presence.  John and Erin fell in side by side behind me.

Frank had the limo right outside the bar  and the door was open.  The crowd had
formed a passage for us and clapped and cheered as we passed by.   Now there may
be those that like celebrity status, I am not one of them.  Particularly 
dressed as I was with a small chain swinging from ear to nose and brushing
against my cheek.  I just kept my eyes focused straight ahead and tried to
pretend I was all alone.

Inside the lime took up the same positions we were in earlier.   Once we were on
our way the Master finally acknowledged me.

"That was a super performance Rob, a super performance.   You are a natural at
this.   I think maybe we should get you out more often."

Oh fuck NOoooooo, I thought.  

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or     elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Hum

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:   robolder@excite.com   or    elder@fetchmail.com


Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 21

Rob Signs a Contract

Upon our return to the mansion it was straight to my apartment.  John and Erin
helped me get out of the leather outfit and hung it up.

I was tired beyond belief.  All I wanted was to plop into the whirlpool and let
it soak all my aches, pains and tiredness away.

John and Erin helped me in saying they would be back in an hour to collect me to
go for dinner .  Erin set the timer and told me to be sure and get out once it
went off.  I assured them I would and they left.

I lay back, the hot water, swirling around my body felt wonderful.   I closed my
eyes and drifted off into a dream.  

I was on top of the radio mast of the CN Tower performing the Dick Dance for all
the little ants more than a 1000 ft below.   The wind was whistling around me as
I humped my dick forward and back in all directions.

I did a back flip and was up balancing on one hand, my legs spread, waving my
dick at the city far below.   I raised my freehand up and began to masturbate. 
Soon I was blowing my load far out over the city.  Bobbing up and down forcing
myself to turn, shooting mile long ropes of cum all over Metropolitan Toronto. 

Just as I blew the last of my load my hand slipped and I started to fall.   I
didn't scream.  I wasn't scared.   I spread my arms and legs and flew towards
the ground.  Faster and faster the ground came rushing forward.   An erotic
rush. My dick was back to full erection, pointing straight towards the ground.  

A sudden strong, overpowering  desire took over my being.   I had to drive my
dick deep into the earth.  I had to fuck
this big, round, living ball, we call home.

My cock had grown large, it was as thick as a telephone pole and stood out 10
feet in front of me. 

"Oh earth you are going to get a good fucking.   Rob's huge, monster dick is
going to fill your cunt hole"  I screamed.

My cock was only inches from the ground and I opened my mouth and screamed.

"Yesssssssssssssssssssssssss................".

I was rudely brought out of this wonderfully crazy dream by the sound of the
whirlpool buzzer screaming in my ear.  Shit what a dream.  I could feel my dick,
it was rock hard and throbbing.  The swirling waters  giving it a gentle
massage.  

Strangely, I didn't really want to cum.  I didn't want to wank.   I just wanted
to crawl into my nice warm bed and sleep.

But as with all dreams reality sets in and I climbed out and hit the shower.   I
turned the water on full cold and climbed under.

The jets of cold water hit my hot skin like a million darning needles all trying
to penetrate into my body.   I lurched back from the first onslaught but soon
climbed under again.   The cold water soon helped rid me of the unwanted
erection and had me wide awake.

Back in my bedroom, feeling much better, I quickly climbed into the standard
slaves outfit, the one I detested.   Then made my way to my living room,
intending to doze in an easy chair until John and Erin arrived. 

However I noticed right away that one of the easy chairs had been removed and in
its place a computer desk had been installed.  On the desk was my old 733.  I
had built her 3 years ago and loved her.  She was badly out of date and slow
compared to new stuff, but I just hated to part with her.

I had really missed her over the course of the past week and had even begun to 
think I would never ever see her again.  But there she was as big as life just
waiting for daddy.

I went right to her and fired her up.  I sat down and began checking my files. 
I do have a tendency to become totally absorbed when working.   Tuning out
everything around me.  I didn't hear the knock at the door.   John finally gave
up waiting for me to give the come in, and entered.

I finally noticed them as they approached me.

"Oh hi guys, look at this I got my baby back." I said a big smile on my face.

"Well come on it's time for dinner.  You can play with your toy when you get
back." John said, a bit impatiently, I noted.

"Uh....sorry John.   Have I done something wrong?  I asked concerned.

"No it's ok Rob.  I forgot you were a computer nerd."  he said with a smile.

"Huh." I grunted perplexed.

"Nothing, lets go eat." he responded.

"Ok." I said while clicking on the "Shut down", button on the screen.

And we were off to dinner.

I started work on the report that night.  With the latitude the Master had given
I was not under the same pressure to finish that I had been at Rushton's.

I took my time, worked carefully and 7 days later handed the Master a
comprehensive, 690 page report on  IconSoftware and it's behind the scenes
owner, Hugh Gorden.

It was a labour intensive week with me working long hours with short breaks to
eat and sleep.   John and Erin had to literally pull me away from the machine
more than a few times to go eat.

Two days later I was summoned to the Master's office.  This time the summons
came via Eric and my intercom.

"Rob, Eric here."  The intercom speaker belched out, just as I was getting out
of bed at 4:35 am.

Sleepily I reached for the button and pressed.

"Yes Eric." I answered.

"Present yourself at the Master's office at exactly 7 am."  Eric ordered.

"I will be there." I replied.

John, Erin and I usually went for breakfast at 6:30 and took a full hour to
enjoy the meal before heading off for whatever chores had been assigned for the
day.

This morning I ate hurriedly and was very jittery.    I hoped the Master was
happy with the report.   I had been on edge since submitting it, waiting for a
reply was nerve racking.   A reply that never came.   Now the moment of truth
had come and I had to go face the bear in his den, alone.   John and Erin were
not accompanying me this time.

I entered the outer office at 5 minutes to the hour.   Once inside I went down
on my knees and waited.   Eric was at his desk but never looked up or
acknowledged my presence in any way.

It was deathly quiet in the office.  Every once in a while Eric would type
something on his computer keyboard and the sound of the keys being depressed
were like cannon shoots, reverberating throughout the room.  

A big round clock on the wall had a second hand that went, "dunk, dunk, dunk,"
beating out the seconds.   It sounded like a base drum in the silence.  How
could Eric stand to work in the silence it was enough to drive you crazy.

"Bbbbbbbbbbbzzzzzzzzzzzzztttttttttttt"

The sound of the intercom buzzer was like a car horn hit full blast right into
the ear.   It was so sudden and unexpected that I fell over.   Finally Eric
acknowledged my presence by looking up startled.

The look on his face was precious and I started to giggle.  Realizing where I
was I quickly clamped a hand over my mouth and got quickly back up onto my
knees.

"Send Rob in," the Master's voice came loud and clear.

I stood up immediately and made for the padded door.  Eric just replied to the
Master in the affirmative and shook his head.

As I entered the room I noticed right away that the Master was not alone.  He
was sitting on one of the sofa's and there were 5 other men plus Henry seated
around the sofa/chair arrangement.   They didn't pay the slightest bit of
attention to me as I entered.   After closing the door quietly I went down on my
knees and waited for orders.

After about 5 minutes or so it became very plain that they were talking about
me.  From what I could gather it looked like they were planing to have me do
some kind of computer security work.   But having missed so much of the
conversation prior to entering it was really hard to tell.

Finally the Master called.

"Rob come over here."

I got up and made my way quickly to the group.   I really wasn't sure what I was
supposed to do, so did what I had been taught.     Just on the edge of the
sofa/chair arrangement I went down on my knees.

I saw a look of pride in the Master's eyes so I guess I did right.  He then
congratulated me for the excellent job I had done on the report.   Some
preliminary investigations by his people had proved much of what I had written
to be true.  My report had provided the leads which allowed the investigators to
find their way through the maze that Hugh Gorden had set up.

He then told me that I would be rewarded and that I still had a reward coming
for winning the Dick Dance.

The mention of that fucking dance caused me to become instantly self-conscious.  
My face turned a deep red, which seemed to amuse the Master.  The corners of his
mouth curled up in a little smile.

Then he let the bomb shell drop.

"This afternoon we will be going on another little outing Rob and I know you
will definitely want to go on this one."

He let that sink in, watching my face closely for a sign that I was unhappy
about this little doozy of an announcement.    But I was much too quick, I was
learning.   The announcement was a bit of a shocker and a frown started to
darken my face and then I remembered the last time.  As well I could see that he
was looking straight at me.   I quickly changed that frown into a golden smile.  
His eyes sparkled in merriment over that.

"The Golden Goose will be holding a ceremony to present me with the World Dick
Dance Championship Trophy.   It just wouldn't be right if I didn't take you
along, after all it was you that won it for me."  he said proudly.

"I know how self-conscious you are Rob so we will try to keep embarrassments to
a minimum.  Does that make you feel better?"  he asked solicitously.

Time to earn some brownie points I thought.

"Master, Sir I am unimportant, my only desire, my only reason for living, is to
serve you Sir."

I had hit the mark.  That was what he wanted to hear in front of all these guys. 
His eyes were really sparkling now and a big smile creased his face.

"We will leave precisely at one.   John will accompany us and you both will wear
leather 2.   That will be all."

I got up on my feet and quietly exited the office.

I had been assigned duties in the Laundry facilities in the basement for the day
so headed straight there after leaving the Master.

At noon I met John in the dining room.  I gave him the instructions but he told
me Eric had already filled him in.   We ate a hurried lunch and headed upstairs
to get dressed.

The leather 2 outfit was 100% more comfortable than the leather 3.   I did not
have to wear that horrible chain attached to my ear and nose.  That alone was a
blessed relief.  However, and there always seems to be a lot of howevers where
the Master is concerned. I had to wear tight leather underwear.

As with the tight pants of the leather 3 outfit, these underwear had two holes,
one for the cock and one for the balls. 

Before putting them on John had to force a butt plug up my ass.   Then I pulled
and tugged to get the shorts on.  When done my cock and balls hung out lewdly.

Then the little strap arrangement had to be placed on my nut sac the same as
last time.    My cock of course was having a wonderful time.   The fucker was
up, bouncing and weaving all over the place.   The little bastard started
dribbling precum all over the place.

"Don't know what we are going to do with you Rob," John said shaking his head.

"I have never seen anyone that gets turned on as easy as you."

My face turned red and I felt about 1 inch high and wished I was.  John went
into the bathroom and returned with a damp rag.  He wiped off my dick and I
started pulling on the loose fitting leather pants.   Well at least the precum
wouldn't soak through and show. 

Finally dressed John told me to have a seat and wait while he went and got
ready.   He was back in less than 10 minutes and we headed downstairs.

When we got out of the elevator we could see the Master and Henry waiting by the
front door.

"Oh, oh.  I hope were not late.  I was sure it was only a quarter to one when we
left you room."  John whispered.

"It was." I whispered back.

The two of us now nervous and a bit on edge hurried down the hall, we hoped it
wasn't to our doom.

As soon as we were a respectful distance from the Master we both went down on
our knees.

"Same as last time, no kneeling until we get back.  Let's go."

He headed out the door with John and I on his tail.  Henry fell in behind.

Frank had the limo door open and the Master climbed right in.   John and I
climbed in and folded down the side seats and sat down.  Henry plunked himself
beside the Master and Frank closed the door.   A few seconds later we were off.

When we pulled up in front of the Golden Goose the crowd was as large, if not
larger than last time.   Henry got out first followed by the Master.   I waited
for John to give me the ok to get up which he did the moment the Master
disappeared into the club.

We both got out and John led the way in.  The crowd broke into an applause as we
passed by.  Can you guess what my face did?

Instead of going down to the Masters table he opened a door just inside the
entrance and went through, I of course followed.

We were in a small hallway.  He walked forward a short distance and the hallway
made a ninety degree turn to the right.  This hall went all the way down the
length of the building by the looks of it.  There were a lot of people moving
around in it.

John went on down about half way and opened a door on the left.  We entered a
fairly large room with lounge chairs all over the place.   Only a few of them
had occupants.  John led me to a far corner where two chair were place opposite
each other by a small window.

We each took a chair and sat.

John suddenly had a very serious look on his face.  I looked at him but he
turned his head away.  Something was really bothering him.

"What's wrong John?" I asked with concern.

"I have to tell you something that I know is going to hurt you and I don't want
to do it."  he said sadly.

Oh, oh.  Here we go again.   Was I going to have to perform the fucking Dick
Dance again?

"Look John get it over with.  I can take it.  I may not like it, but I can take
it, I hope."

"Well.... ah.........  Rob.... your going to have to do the Dick Dance out there
again." he finally managed to spit it out.

Having already guessed that was what he was going to say, it didn't hit quite so
hard.

"Fuck," I swore.  "I just knew it.  It was in his smile this morning when he
told we were coming here."

"If it's any consolation, you don't have to collect any strings this time.  
Just repeat the stage part of the dance."

"Ok, I can handle it.  At least I don't have that tight fucking outfit on this
time."

"There is something more Rob." he said looking down at the floor.

"Ok give me the bad news."

"You have to do it just wearing the underwear and your boots."

My heart dropped to the floor.   I began to shake and tears filled my eyes.

"Just these damned fucking underwear," I barely managed to whisper, my throat
suddenly very dry and constricting.

"Yes, it's the rules.  I had to do it when I won."

"John I am going to be a wreck before I even get out on that stage.  Look at me
I am shaking like a leaf.  My guts are turning upside down."  I managed to croak
out.

"How much time do I have before they will call me?"

"We have about 20 minutes so I guess we had better go get you ready."

He stood up and I followed.  We went back out into the hall and down a bit
further.  This time we turned into a small room on the right.

It was a small dressing room.  John shut the door and helped me start to get the
leather 2 outfit off.  It wasn't long before I was standing there in just the
underwear and boots.   My dick was semi hard and my balls, separated by the
strap were hanging down and shining in the light.

John tried very hard to ease my nervousness by talking about everything but the
Dick Dance.  It didn't help.  In the back of my mind I was remembering last
week.  

My dick was now rock hard and spitting precum all over.   I would bet my life
that the main reason the Master kept doing these things to me was because of my
dick.   It kept saying I liked this shit, overruling my denials.

A loud buzzer sounded in the hallway.

"The 10 minute call Rob.  It will go again at 5 minutes and we will have to make
our way out."

"Your coming too?" I asked, happy at the prospect of not being alone.

"Oh yes Rob, I'm coming too.  In some ways I have a worse job than you." he said
sadly as he started to peel off his outfit.

"That don't sound too good.  What do you have to do?"

"I am not permitted to tell you Rob.  I can only say that neither one of us will
want it, but we will both love it."

John was totally naked except for his boots when the 5 minute buzzer sounded.

"Ya gotta go naked?" I asked in amazement.

"Ya, lets go. He quickly connected a gold chain to his collar and handed me the
other end."

"The hunter and the hunted," I said.

"Ya something like that.  You lead.  Go straight up onto the stage and over to
the Master.   When you get there hand him my chain and wait for instructions."

"Ok." I said leading the way out the door.

John had me turn left as we exited the room.   The hallway was almost empty.  It
would seem everyone wanted to be in the hall for the show.  

Just down the hall a way to young men were standing by a set of double doors. 
As John and I approached they pushed the doors open and held them.  John told me
to go through.

We entered into a slightly larger hall that was all in darkness except for a
small amount of light that seeped through windows in the doors at the other end. 
Two more young men stood by these doors, but they didn't open the doors.

We came up to the men and John told me to wait.  He said they would open the
door when it was time to go in.

The waiting seemed interminable.  I was getting more and more nervous.  My dick
was sticking out and throbbing.  Poor John, connected to that leash I was
holding had to go in bare ass naked.  I gave a little shudder at that.

Suddenly a bright light shone on the doors and through the windows lighting  up
the little hall.  The lads pushed the doors open and a dull roar surrounded us.  
As soon as the doors were open John gave me a little push with his hand and off
we went.

The moment I appeared in the spotlight the audience went wild.  My dick stood
out proudly in front bouncing up and down with each step I took.  My eyes had
filled with tears from the shear humiliation of it.  I am sure the only thing
that kept me from screaming out my pain, was the knowledge that poor John had to
be led out naked with that chain around his neck.

I walked as fast as I could without making it obvious  I wanted to get this
horror over with.  As I passed the tables my humiliation was increased by shouts
of, "look at that dick bounce" , "I'd like that prong up my pussy" , "swing that
thing" and many more just as bad.

The stage was getting closer and up on the stage I could see the Master and Jack
the MC.

Finally we were climbing the four steps to the stage.   I made my way to centre
stage and presented John's leash to the Master.

The crowd went crazy.  I stood there in amazement as the Master took the leash
and waltzed John all around the perimeter of the stage.  It was then I noticed
that John's dick was just as hard as mine and leaking precum just as freely.

"Gentlemen," shouted Jack.

"The former World Champion, holding the title for 4 years, John, slave to Master
Scott.  The crowd gave John a big, loud and standing ovation.  The Master
continued to parade him a round like a puppy. 

The crowd began to settle down and the Master returned to centre stage.

"It is now time to present the World Champion Dick Dance trophy to Master Scott. 
This will make the third time in a row that Master Scott has taken this trophy."

The crowd gave him a loud applause.

The spot light suddenly went out into the audience and two young men were
approaching the stage carrying a huge trophy in the shape of a four foot high,
erect cock.  It was made of silver, the balls formed the base.  Around this
phallic trophy just up from the balls was tied a red ribbon.  The fucking thing
looked obscene to me.  I couldn't figure out why anyone would want anything to
do with it.

It was carried up onto the stage.   Jack made a little speech and the two lads
handed the trophy over to the Master and I.  We stood there hold this big
fucking, disgusting monster why photographers snapped our pic.  Oh great I
thought, hope this doesn't make the local newspaper.

We only held that thing for a few minutes.  The photographers took their pics
and were gone.  The two lads came back over and relieved us of the burden.  The
thing was taken off stage and placed smack dab in the centre of the Master's
table.  Good I thought, I am not permitted to sit there, and gave a little
giggle under my breath.

"To validate the win, it is now our good fortune to be able to witness the
fantastic slave boy, Rob, recreate the Dick Dance that gave him the World
Championship."

"Make me proud Rob," the Master said as he led John off the stage.

On his way off the stage Jack whispered to me,

"begin as soon as the music starts."

Then he too was gone and I was alone.

Ok, I thought.  A fucking dick dance you want, a dick dance you will get.  The
moment the music began I gave a leap into the air and did a forward flip.  I
don't know what they are called cause I only saw them on TV, but I did a whole
bunch a flips moving all around the stage.  Flips where ya go from your feet to
your hands, kinda like tumbling, but standing up.

From that I broke into my favorite, the cartwheel.  I decided to take it one
step further than I had during the contest.  I cartwheel off the stage out into 
the audience and around a few of the tables.  I did this on all sides so no one
would feel left out.   The audience just ate it right up.

Back on the stage I went up on my hands and walked around, letting my hard cock
wave to the audience.  The little bugger was streaming dick snot all over the
fucking place.  I was just finishing off this little part of the act when a
string came down suddenly and got me in the eye.

I quickly finished that off.  Got up on my feet and brushed my eye clear, never
pausing for a second.  All that was left was the suck my cock routine.  The
routine I now new they were all really here to see.   I hadn't realized just how
rare it was for a guy to be able to take his whole cock down his throat.  

Well time to get them cuming in their pants, I thought.   I went down on my
back, brought my legs over my head and rammed my hard dick down my throat.

While the audience went wild, I  encountered a small problem.  When I had done
this last week I had been wearing a leather vest which made it easy to turn my
body.  This time my back was bare.  The resistance between my skin and the
hardwood floor of the stage was like the brake shoe on a car. 

I managed to do it but it hurt like hell and put friction burns on my back.  The
movement wasn't as smooth as it had been, but I did manage and the crowd loved
it.

Finally I stood up.  As far as I was concerned I had done my bit.

Jack a good show man realized I was finished and came back on stage right away. 

"Was that great or was that great," he yelled as he walked up to me. 

He put his big arm around my shoulder.

"Come on gentlemen show this boy you really do appreciate him."

The already wild crowd went even wilder.  He let them yell and scream for a bit,
then called for order.

"Now for the final transfer, the former World Champion, John, will formally turn
over his Championship to the new Champion, Rob."

John marched his naked body back up and onto the stage.  Jack quietly
disappeared.  John came up to me, smiled wanly then got down on his knees and
took my throbbing dick in his mouth.

Oh fuck no, the final humiliation.  I was going to have to stand here while he
gave me a blow job.  My eyes filled with tears again.  I began to shake.  John
just went ahead and sucked my dick.  I had been on edge for so long it didn't
take long before I blew my load in poor John's mouth right there on that stage,
in front of hundreds of horny guys.

When the audience saw that I was blowing my load they screamed and yelled and
carried on something fierce.  John continued to suck and lick until my dick was
flaccid and completely clean of any cum.

He stood up and the audience cheered him.

"Now the new World Champion Rob," Jacks voice came over the audio system.

"to demonstrate that he is a humble Champion and true sport will give John a
farewell blowjob."

No, no, no, no.   These people are all sick.   Sick, sick, sick.  I screamed
internally.

Knowing I had no choice I reluctantly got down on my knees in front of John.  A
man whose cock I have had in my mouth many times over the course of the last two
weeks.   A cock that I enjoy sucking and licking.   A cock attached to a man I
respect and admire.  Now I must suck that beautiful cock in public.  Somehow the
whole thing seemed dirty to me.  I was going to suck it, but this time I would
not enjoy it.

I took his throbbing member in my mouth, choking on it.  I did my best to give
John as much pleasure as I possibly could, but I knew it was not my best.  My
total humiliation just made it impossible for me to do John's cock justice.  In
the meantime, my treacherous member decided to wakeup again.

I finally felt John's dick stiffen and knew he was about to fill my mouth with
his wonderful juice.    However, just as he started to squirt, his cock slipped
out of my mouth.   His hot seed shot all over my face.   Before I could get his
cock back in my mouth he was finished.

John's hot seed was in my hair, in my eyes and all over my face.   I lifted my
hand to wipe it away.

"Don't Rob," John hissed.  "You will piss them all off it you do that.   Let it
stay."

Damn.  The stuff was all over my eyelids and I could barely see.  I could live
with it in my hair and on my face, but I wanted to see.

"It's in my eyes John." I answered.  "I can't see."

"Just finish licking me clean then stand up, I'll fix your eyes."

Finding his still hard dick was not a problem.   I sucked it and licked around
the best I could, but with my vision all blurred it was hard to tell if I got it
all or not.    I had done the best I could so I stood up.

John moved up to me and started licking the cum from my eyes.  Then I heard the
Master's voice.

"Just the eyes John.  Just the eyes, the rest stays."  he ordered.

Finally John managed to get it all away from my eyes and I could focus again.  
All this time the audience had been going wild.   The cum on my face was
beginning to dry under the hot stage lights.   My face was beginning to itch,
but I couldn't scratch.  

The Master attached John's gold chain to his collar and handed the other end of
the chain to me.

"Take him back to the dressing room Rob.  Henry and I will meet you both in the
limo."

"Yes sir." I replied.

"Oh, Rob, don't not wash your face or hair.   You must wear that back to the
mansion."

I replied in the affirmative again and headed back to the dressing room.  The
long walk back through the audience was no less humiliating then it had been on
the entrance.   John, on his gold leash followed along behind.

We got dressed as quickly as possible.   John removed the gold leash and
pocketed it.   Then we headed out to the limo.

Frank was standing by the door ready to open it as we approached.    The Master
and Henry were already there.   John and I settled down into the folding seats
and the limo headed for home.

Amazing.  I was now thinking of the mansion as home.   Hell I hadn't even
thought of my little one room flat as home.  But that mansion, where I had lived
for only two weeks and had undergone some unbelievable experiences, had become
my home.

As we were pulling up in front of the mansion the Master spoke to us.

"I want you both to go get cleaned up.  Get Erin and all three of you change
into  day dress.  I want you all in my office in 1 hour."

We both gave our, "Yes Sir", at the same time.   The Master and Henry climbed
out and headed straight into the mansion.   John and I climbed out and head for
our apartments.

An hour later the three of us were in Eric's office, on our knees, waiting for
the Master to call us in.

We were kept waiting for over 20 minutes.  I still hadn't gotten fully used to
sitting for long periods like this.  My legs were starting to cramp a bit.  I
shifted my weight around gently, as John had taught me, but I was still starting
to get the cramps.

The buzzer finally sound and the call to go in came.   We got up, I was stiff
but did manage, and headed for the inner sanctum door.

Upon entering I was surprised to see a number of the other slaves there.  There
was Henry of course and Tony, the Head of House Keeping and the man whose dick I
had sucked under the table during the break at the orgy; Ted, who had pieced my
ear and nose, a number of the young men that had attended the orgy and 4 or 5
others I had not met.

All but Henry were on their knees and in  two rows one on each side of the desk.

After entering all three of us went down on our knees.  Then the Master called
for us to come forward.   We made our way around the sofa/chair arrangement and
headed towards the desk, between the watching eyes of the slaves kneeling on
each side.

At a certain point that John and Erin seemed to some how know, John touched my
side and we stopped.  They both started to go down so I followed suit.

"I have called you all together today because one of your number has done very
well in his mission to please me.  As you all know, when you do well you are
rewarded."

"In reality this man is not one of you, although he is treated exactly like you.  
He is actually a victim.  A victim of a kidnapping."

Heads went up. 

"He was a man heading down a road to disaster.  Something had to be done to
protect him from himself."

"First he was gay, but wouldn't admit it, even to himself.  He kept trying to
make it with the ladies, but kept striking out.  He was very attracted to a
number of gay men, two right in his own department at work, but he refused to
acknowledge it."

My head shot up, this time, and my mouth fell open in disbelief.  The Master saw
the look on my face.

"Oh yes, Jason and Keith.   They both knew you were gay.  They both tried very
hard to get your attention.   But you ignored them.  Refused to accept there
advances."

Could it be true?   The did always seem to be there, always so helpful and
friendly.   Come to think of it they had both asked me to join them for lunch on
many different occasions, but I had always claimed other plans.   Which most
times was a lie.   I ended up eating a sandwich alone in my office.

"Then their was his extreme submissiveness.   He would do anything for anybody,
not because he really wanted to, but because he couldn't say no.  He still
can't."

"I could go on and on for the rest of the afternoon siting examples of the
things which were leading this man to ruin."

"But he has enormous good qualities as well.   When I became aware of his
plight, I decided to give him a chance to live, to enjoy his life, to be proud
of himself.  The only way that I was able to do that was to kidnap him."

"Rob, you are not a slave.  You are a freeman, however I do believe that life
out there will destroy you."

"Over the course of the last two weeks you have reached a number of milestones.  
I would be willing to bet that if I asked you right now if you were gay, your
answer would be yes.  Is that not true?"

Tears had been filling my eyes as he spoke.  Everything he was saying was true.

"Yes Sir, I am gay, Sir."  I had no problem at all saying it.

"You are also overcoming your inability to function in large groups.   Just look
at your performances at the Club and the Golden Goose.  Those have got to be the
most terrifying, humiliating things you have ever done in your life."

"Yes Sir they were." I said, my voice hushed.

"But you did them.   You did them to please your Master."  he paused here for
effect.

"Don't you see Rob, you really are a slave inside.   You want to be a slave. 
You want to serve a Master.  More than that, you need to serve a Master."

I thought about his words for a moment and again had to admit that they were
true.   I had never been so happy in my life as I have been the last two weeks.

"That said," he said seriously.  "It is time for you to make an important
decision.  Do you wish to remain a slave to the House of Scott or would you
prefer to go back to the life you had two weeks ago?" he paused again.

"Think carefully on this Rob.   If you decide to give yourself as a slave you
will be required to sign a binding, legal contract.  That contract has
provisions to  not only protect the House of Scott, but also protect you.   The
terms of service are all there as well as the terms for the breaking of the
contract."

"Everyone in this room with the exception of myself have signed the same
contract.   I will give you exactly 30 minutes to decide whether you wish to
join up permanently or whether you wish to go back to your old life.  You have a
couple of hundred years of experience here in this room to help you make that
decision.  Ask any question you want and they will give you a true, honest
answer."

"Should you decide to go back to your old life, you will be given $10,000
dollars and will find everything back the way it was."

He then got up from the desk and left the room.

I was in a daze.   I had not expected anything like this.   Did I want to go
back to my old life?   My lonely old life?  A life where no one really cared for
me at all. 

Here I had many friends and it had only been two weeks.   I had a great
apartment.  I had fantastic sex.   Sure I had to put up with some humiliation
every now and again,  well ok, most of the time,  but it had been worth it.  I
loved it here.  I could never go back, never.  I did not need to ask anyone one
any questions.

"Henry." I called out softly.

"Yes Rob." he answered.

"Would you tell the Master I don't need 30 minutes.  There is nothing to think
about, I want to stay."

The other slaves all clapped there hands quietly.   Henry's face lit up with a
big smile.

"Certainly Rob.  I think you made the right decision."

He got up from his chair headed out to talk to the Master.

They returned 5 minutes later.

"Are you certain about this decision Rob?" he asked once he was seated behind
his big desk.

"Yes Sir, I have never been more serious in my life, Sir." I answered.

"Very well, Henry will read the contract out loud as you follow along on this
copy," he said as Henry walked over and handed me a 3 page document.

I will not bore you with all the details, just the most important stuff.   First
of all I would sign over to the House of Scott all rights to my body.  The House
of Scott could use my body in any way it deemed fit.   The only restriction was
that no physical damage what-so-ever of a permanent nature was permitted.  
Failure on the part of the House of Scott to live up to this would result in a
very large cash payment to the slave.

The slave agreed to abide by all rules of the House of Scott at all times.

The Slave agreed to obey all commands other than those that would cause, or
could result in, permanent physical damage to himself or others.

The House of Scott agreed to under take full responsibility for the protection,
health, shelter, feeding and clothing of the slave for the rest of his natural
life.

The slave agreed to accept any and all punishments decreed by the House of Scott
for infringement of any rule and/or failing to obey a command.   The severity of
such punishments limited only by the restraints of article one,  "no physical
damage what-so-ever of a permanent nature."

This contract was binding between the House of Scott and the slave.   It was
none transferable.

The contract could be cancelled at any time be either party.   The notice to
cancel could be initially verbal, but must be followed up with a signature
within 24 hrs.

There was also a safe word.   The word,  apparently the same one for all the
slaves is, "stop".   However there was also a warning.   The safe word was not
to be used lightly.   The slave must be in the most severe distress before
invoking it.   There were a number of penalties for invoking it haphazardly, the
most severe of which was instant cancellation of the contract.

There was a lot of other legal stuff but it is not necessary to place it all
here.  

When Henry finished reading and I had asked all the questions I felt needed
asking, the Master asked me one more time.

"Are you still sure you want to sign this contract Rob?  

"Yes Sir, I am very sure, Sir."

"Very well, Henry, the contract please."

Henry picked up a new document and handed it to the Master.   He then picked up
a small table and brought it to me.  It was just the right height for a kneeling
man to write on. 

He then went back to the desk and picked up the contract and brought it over to
me.

"I recommend Rob that you read the contract before signing."

Henry handed me a pen which I laid down for a moment.  I leafed through the
three pages taking a quick glance at each page.   It looked ok to me so I picked
up the pen and signed beside my typewritten name.  Just below the Master's
signature.

Henry took the pen, lifted the table and placed it in front of John.  He handed
John the pen and John signed as witness number 1,  the process was repeated for
Erin and he signed as witness number 2.  Officially I was now a slave.  I had,
of my own free will and volition placed my entire life in the hands of another
man.

Henry picked up the contract and returned it to the Master.  The Master looked
down at me with a smile on his face.

"I think you have made the right decision Rob.   To celebrate I will host a
diner in the main dining room tomorrow night.   William will be back from his
trip out west so it will also be a great way to welcome him home."

I had wondered where William was.  I hadn't seen him in over a week.   A
celebration, oh that sounded good.  I wonder if we would have an orgy
afterwards, that would be great.

"Rob, you will be the main entertainment for my guests.  John and Erin will
assist you.  That will be all." he said.

What!..... The entertainment?   I thought we were going to be the guests.   Now
what cruel ideas does he have on his mind.  Not that damned Dick Dance again.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or     elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Hum

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com     or     elder@fetchmail.com


Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 22

The Celebration

John, Erin, David and I spent the evening in my apartment celebrating my signing
of the contract.

We had a bit of a mini orgy.  We fucked in the whirlpool, we sucked in the
shower, we 69'd in the living room and we fell asleep in each other's arms on
the bed in the bedroom.  It was four tired, fucked out young guys that awoke at
4:30 am.

John had two enema tables in his apartment so we all headed  there for the 
cleaning.   We got in the shower first, soaped up and had a hell of a lot of fun
shaving each other.  After drying off, David and I jumped up on the enema tables
while John and Erin administered.  Then we switched places.

Once the enema's were over with we all jumped in the whirlpool and ...... you
guessed it fucked again.

By 6:30 we were all spic and span clean, dressed in the day dress, which was the
standard slave dress around here.   The four of us walked out into the hallway
and silently made our way to the dining hall.

While David was the First Chef of the mansion, he didn't do all of the cooking,
he had 4 other cooks to which he delegated responsibilities.   This morning he
had breakfast with us.  

We talked about the celebration tonight.  I wanted to know what the Master meant
when he said I would be the main entertainment.  

John said he figured we would all be sucking cock and getting fucked up the ass,
that was the normal entertainment we provided at these parties.  He had a big
smile on his face while relating this.   I assumed then that John was looking
forward to this party.

I wasn't so sure I was.   Hell I didn't want to be sucking some strangers cock
while he was having dinner.   Nor did I want some stranger porking me.  Then I
remembered that I no longer had a say in the matter, my body belonged to the
Master.   I would do whatever pleased the Master.  If he wanted me to suck cock
at the party then I would suck cock.

William arrived home at noon.  At 1 o'clock I was summoned from my work in the
mansion laundry to his apartment.  I arrived about 10 minutes past the hour.  He
was waiting for me in the foyer.  That obscene condom was still hanging from
Crystal Mickey's huge cock.

"How have you been Rob," he said coming forward and placing his arms around me,
giving me a big hug as I stepped off the elevator.

"Oh man how I missed you." he whispered.

"Fine William and you?"  I said, returning the hug.

"Not too bad but the trip was very tiring.   Had an awful lot of business to do. 
Didn't get many breaks." he answered.

"And you," he went on,  "you won the fucking Dick Dance title.   I couldn't
believe it when dad called.   Shit he was one happy man."

"Yea,  he was one happy man and I sweated off a ton of pride." I said a little
sarcastically.

"Then you went and finished that report.  You can not know how important that
report was Rob.   You saved us one hell of a lot of money.    We would have
survived and been ok, but it would have hurt.   Gotta tell you dad was a little
bit more than pleased, believe me."

"Ya I know.  He rewarded me by taking me back to that fucking Golden Goose place
and made me do the fucking Dick Dance again."

"That's my pa," he giggled.   "Always gives out great rewards to his star
slaves."

"The best reward William was when he asked me to sign a contract.   He treated
me with a great deal of respect and made me feel important.   No one has every
treated me the way he does.   I had to sign William, I could never go back to my
old life after this.  I have lived more in the past two weeks than I have in the
whole other 23 years of my existence."

"I am glad you are happy Rob," he said very softly.

"And very, very happy that you decided to stay."

He reached for me again, our lips met. Our mouths opened and our tongues
embraced.   Our kiss was long, loving, welcoming, passionate.   My cock rose in
it's pouch, while I could feel William's pressing to get out of his trousers.

Our hands began the urgent task of stripping clothes from each other while our
lips remained locked.   Clothes were flying all over the foyer.  My pouch ended
up around Mickey's head.  At the same time we were making our way towards the
bed room door.

By the time we got to the door and had it opened, we were naked.  We never made
it to the bed.   We sank to the floor and continued to kiss while our hands
explored every nook and cranny of our young, muscular bodies.

At some point the deep, desperate need to wrap our lips around the sweet, soft,
velvety meat of the other overcame the need to continue the kiss.   We
reluctantly drew our lips apart and quickly made our way to the other's pleasure
stick.

I began to lick William's dick the moment my tongue was close enough.  He
moaned, and then his tongue flicked across the purple, throbbing head of mine. 

Williams dick had a wonderful texture and taste.  I couldn't get enough of it. 
His scent filled my nostrils adding to  the physical stimulation getting me more
and more excited.

William now had my balls in his mouth and a finger up my ass pussy.   My whole
being was on fire with pure animal lust.  I moved my head down and began to lick
around his pink rose bud.  The moment my tongue touched it, he took an
involuntary intake of breath.  Which cause my balls to go deep into his throat.
I felt him gag a bit as he quickly pulled back.

My hand was now wanking his dick while my tongue was wanking his ass, or should
I say his ass was wanking my tongue. 

We were both riding a true, natural high and getting higher by the second.  I
had returned to his cock and was busy deep throating.   My breathing had become
big gasps, which I managed on the out stroke of William's cock.

I had finally reached my crescendo, William's cock was deep in my throat so my
squeal of delight was, shall we say a bit muffled.   However that muffle was put
to very good use as it created a huge vibration all around the big, purple head
of William's cock.   The vibrations were enough to send him over the edge and
his hot seed started squirting into my guts.

As he pulled out he spasmed again filling my mouth with his sweet cream of life. 
I luxuriated in his taste.  Swallowing this wonderful,  "elixir of Willie."

When our balls had finally emptied we both fell back spent.   I lay there for a
while gasping for air, trying to get my breathing under control.   I could hear
William doing the same.

When my breathing finally settled back close to normal I moved myself around so
our heads met and we kissed. 

I don't know how long we lay on the floor, arms wrapped around each other. 
Feeling the warmth of our bodies shift back and forth.  My eyes were closed and
I semi dozed.  I never wanted this to end.   I was madly, deeply in love, with
the son of my Master.

We both finally stirred and kissed again.  I looked deep into his eyes.

"Welcome home William." I said.

We got up and went into the bathroom to shower.  Half an hour later we were
sitting in William's kitchen drinking coffee.

We Talked about PC and internet security for about an hour.   William had an
appointment to see his father, so I went back to the laundry.

The dinner was scheduled for 7 PM.  No leather this time.   We each were to wear
a white see through muscle shirt and a white jock to hide our modesty. 

Another stupid outfit.   However I had to admit that John and Erin looked so
sexy my cock stood right to attention and saluted when they arrived to pick me
up.

I don't think I am ever going to be comfortable walking around the halls of that
mansion almost naked.   The three of us were striding, silently, side by side. 
I was in the middle and my boner was pointing the way.   The pouch of the jock
was tented and stretched away from my crotch leaving very little material to
hold my nut sac.

With every other step, one or the other of my nuts would slip out.  I would push
it back in then the other would pop out.  I kept sneaking glances out of the
corner of my eye to see if John or Erin noticed.  I don't know why I was feeling
so self-conscious with them.  After all the things we had done together I knew
their bodies better than they did and they mine.

We didn't enter the dining room from the hall as we had the other night.  They
took me by another route and we entered what looked like another hallway that
ran parallel to the hallway we had just left.   It was much wider and there were
a lot of servers going about their business.

I assumed this was the marshaling area for the dining room prepatory to serving
the guests.  It turned out that this large hallway surrounded the dinning room
on three sides was indeed was the marshaling area.  Doorways led from here to
the kitchen, to pantries, linen closets, wine cellars, etc., everything handy to
the servers.

John then told me what we were going to do to entertain the guests.    As he
explained it I got more and more flustered.   

It would seem that we were each going to be on the top of a pedestal.  I would
be on the central pedestal at the back of the room, right over the main
entrance.   John would be on the left wall and Erin on the right.  Music would
play and we would be required to dance until the coffee was served.

It was my job to set the pace and tone of the dance at all times.    When the
music changed I would have to change the dance.   John and Erin would follow my
lead.

Oh, yes.   Just in case you hadn't figured it out for yourself I was required to
make the dance as erotic as I possibly could.   At some point, preferably while
desert was being served, I was to do a strip tease and toss my jock and muscle
shirt to the guests.   Again, John and Erin would follow suit.

Well now, not the dick dance, but I was thinking that maybe it would have been
preferable. 

John showed me the way to climb up to my pedestal.   I was to wait until the
music started, let it play for about 10 or 20 seconds then make my entrance.  He
and Erin would be watching and come in at just the right moment.

At the very mention that I was going to be the centre of attention, my fucking
dick throbbed harder.  It had soaked the jock with precum, there was so much, it
was oozing through the jock and dripping down.

John noticed.

"Hey that's great Rob, they will love it.    Man you are going to really be a
hit out there."

"Yeah, well I'll tell you, at moments like these I'd like to be the hit alright,
hit by a Mac Truck then get locked in a mental ward for being stupid enough to
stand in front of it."  I answered sarcastically.

John and Erin just giggled.

I made my way up the little circular stair case.   At the very top was a black
curtain.  I edged it back just a crack so I could see out.   Big mistake.   It
scared me so badly I almost pissed myself.

The Master was at the head of the table facing back.   He would have a perfect
view of me at all times.   His guests were all sitting on the left or the right.  
No one sat at the bottom end.

William was sitting on his father's right, Henry on the left.  There were 20
other guests, 10 sitting on each side.  They all had a good view of me, just by
turning their head right or left.  However without turning around they could
only see John or Erin, depending on which side of the table they were sitting.

They were busy eating the shrimp cocktail, talking and drinking wine.  I had the
shakes and my dick was throbbing worse than ever.  I put my hand down and got it
soaking wet.   Without thinking I grabbed the black curtain and wiped my hand.  
Then realizing what I had done I got all upset that someone would find the slime
and know what I had done.

The music began, but it wasn't what I had expected at all.   It was a very slow,
sensual, sexy piece.   Damn, damn, damn double damn.   I was going to have to
make love to myself, that's the kind of music it was.

Well the 20 seconds had long past and I had to get out there.  I pulled the
curtain aside and slowly, in what I thought was a sensual move made my way out
onto the pedestal.   It was about six foot in diameter, so as long as I kept my
whit's about me I shouldn't fall off.

I moved to the centre of the pedestal and let my body start to sway  to the
music.  It actually became very easy to do, it was that kind of a tune.  I had
been doing this for about 2 minutes or so before John and Erin finally made an
appearance.   They just fell right in with what I was doing.   As I watched them
I thought, oh man, I'll bet there are some hard, throbbing cocks around that
table.   It was a terribly erotic sight to see,  my cock was throbbing harder
and oozing more goop.   It was still seeping through  the jock, twisting in lazy
circles on it's way to the floor, as I swayed to the music.

Finally the music changed, but didn't.   It was the same, but different.  Shit I
don't know how to describe it.   However the difference was that this tune was
at least a hundred times more sexy then the one before.

I found my hands sliding up and down my body in time with the tempo.   I rubbed
my balls gently, they squished from all the precum they were sitting in.   My
hands were covered in it, but I paid no attention.   I was rubbing the goop all
over myself.

The music had invaded my senses.  My body swayed to it's exotic rhythm, my hands
exploring all parts of my body, turning me on more.   The room didn't exist any
more, it was just me, my body and the music. 

It was like almost like being with William again, as we had been this afternoon. 
Our bodies melded into one, our tongues exploring, our hands caressing, rubbing,
touching, feeling.   Lost in a world of our own.  

At one point I opened my eyes and noticed that no one at the table was eating.  
They were all watching me.   Even John and Erin were not really doing much but
watching me.  

Fuck'em, I was in the throes of lust, the music was doing something to me that I
couldn't control.    I felt it, inside me like a cock, thrusting deep into my
very being.   Pulling out and thrusting in again.  Each thrust taking me to a
world I have never seen before.

A world full of the most wondrous colours, of peace, of harmony, of love, of
pure pleasure.   The harsh outer world no longer existed.   Just the wonderful
thrusting of the music.

It all came to a thunderous, crashing end when I let out a scream of lust and
pure animal pleasure and blew my load in my jock.  Well the first shot that is. 
My dick popped out of the jock and was shooting long ropes of cum far out and
over the edge of the pedestal.

All eyes were on me, mouths fell open in awe.   John and Erin stopped dancing
and just stared.  I was so full of the music I couldn't stop.   The music was
still thrusting deep into my soul and with each thrust I would squirt out
another load.  But one set of balls can only hold so much juice and mine finally
ran dry.   However they chose just the right moment to do it because the music
came to an end right after my last squirt.

I dropped to the floor exhausted.   The room erupted in a thunderous applause. 
I raised my weary head to see everyone at the table standing and applauding,
including the Master.   John and Erin were also applauding.  

I felt a wonderful peace settle over me.   It engulfed me in its warmth, cradled
me, sang me a lullaby.   I was a child, rocking in the arms of it's loving
mother.  I closed my eyes and fell fast asleep.

When I awoke, the music of, "When I Fall in Love", was playing.   John and Erin
were dancing a slow sensual dance.   It looked like the diners were just
finishing the main course.

Then it dawned on me.   Oh shit, I had fallen asleep and I was the main
entertainment.    I was in big, big trouble.   The Master was going to be
absolutely livid.  

Well there was nothing I could do about it now.   When the next tune came on I
would start dancing again and do my very best.   I knew I was in for punishment,
I just prayed it didn't mean the loss of my new apartment.

The main course plates were being cleared away when the tune finished.  John and
Erin went down on their knees.  I took this as my cue to rejoin the party    and
waited for the next tune to start.

The desert plates were brought to the table.   Each guest received his desert at
the same time.  I knew the music would start shortly and that I would have to do
a strip tease.  Just the thought of having to get up and strip in front of all
these strangers caused my dick to start rising.

I tried to get my mind onto other things but it just did no good.  That
treacherous little bastard between my legs rose right up and started waving to
the guests  through the cum saturated jock.

Then a typical strip tune began.  I rose to my feet slowly, my arms up above my
head. I made a number of dance moves being very careful not to step in my own
slop.   It wouldn't take much to slip and fall and it was a very long way to the
floor. 

After we had been into the tune for a while I began lifting and lowering the
bottom of my shirt.  It really didn't make much difference as far as I was
concerned.   The thing was skin tight and see through, but the guests seemed to
be enjoying it.

Eventually I had worked one arm out of one sleeve.  The shirt was just about
half off.  It draped from shoulder left to waist right.   Then I began lifting
the right side up and worked my arm slowly out of the sleeve.

It was now just around my neck, hiding my black collar.  I grasped it and pulled
up with one move and it was off.  I twirled it around in time to the music. 
Over my head, to the sides, rubbed it against my now raging hard on and balls. 
Then I gave it a heave, not aiming anywhere in particular.   The guests nearly
killed themselves scrambling for it.  John and Erin followed suit, with their
shirts, shortly there after.

The next part was to remove the jock.  The damned thing was a sodden mess.  It
was held on by a Velcro fastener attached to each of the three straps.  The one
at the bottom of the V came up the asscrack.  There was a strap on each side of
the top of the V.  All three straps met in the back and just pressed together.

The strap that went under the legs and up the asscrack was the outer most strap.  
As I dance I placed my hand behind my back quickly and pulled it loose of the
other two.

As I danced around this strap finally worked it's way down my asscrack and
dropped down.    This released my balls which also dropped.   The were a gooey
mess.  Cum and precum started dripping from them right away.  The guests went
wild.

I took hold of the bottom strap and lifted it teasingly as I danced around. 
Just flashing my schlong, they loved it.  It seemed to me that the music was
probably going to end soon so I had better get on with the finally unavailing.

I put both hands behind my back and separated the two straps.  I brought them
forward slowly, under control, not letting the pouch drop.   They were not going
to see my throbbing, dripping  love stick until I was ready to let them.

The music seemed to be reaching for a crescendo so I finally pulled the jock
away.   My dick bobbed and waved and spit long thin streams of silver precum. 
There were gasps of ahhh and oooh and ooooo, from the guests.

I danced around some more swinging that sopping jock around.  Every once in a
while I could see bits of cum go flying off.   It was quite funny and I giggled
to myself.  The music was going to end, I don't know how I knew, I just knew.  I
let the jock go sailing out over the table.

Well if they nearly killed themselves trying to get my shirt, they came even
closer for the jock.  Plates and glasses went flying as they fell over the table
reaching, pulling, punching and pushing.  I small guy, sitting not too far from
William finally got it and crammed it into his mouth as fast as he could.  Then
clamped his mouth closed.  Are these fucking guys weird or what, I thought.

John caught my eye and signaled that it was time to go down.  He didn't have to
tell me twice.  I was off that pedestal like a shot.

Down in the marshaling hall John and Erin came to get me.

"Rob that was some fucking hot dance you did.  You weren't the only one that
shout his load.  At least four of the guests did, I saw them."

All I could do was turn red.

"Yeah, I almost lost mine as well."  Erin chimed in.

"Yeah but that ain't gonna count for shit.  I was supposed to keep dancing, but
fell asleep.  The Master is going to crucify me.   I just hope I don't lose the
apartment."  I said sadly.

"Don't be so sure of that Rob."  John piped in. 

"That was some hot dance.  I have never seen one hotter and I am sure the Master
and his guests haven't, either.   I think he is going to be very pleased with
you, particularly since you did go through with the strip tease and it was
great."

"Do you really think so, John." I said with a note of hope in my voice.

"Yeah I really do.  Don't worry Rob your going to be ok."

"We had better get in there or we will all be hanging from chains tonight." 
Erin interrupted us.

"Shit yeah."  John replied.

"For this one, you suck or fuck.  Whatever the guest wants."

I didn't have time to reply to that because they both turned and hurried towards
the door that led into the dining room.

We entered the dining room and went right down on our knees.

"Rob stand up." the Master ordered.

I got to my feet and looked him straight in the eye.   He was still some
distance away so it was impossible to read anything in his look.

"Gentlemen, this is my two week old slave Rob.  He was straight, well at least
he thought he was straight, but had never had an intimate relationship with man
or woman."

Oh shit he was telling them all my most intimate secrets.

"He was a complete and total submissive, trying to exist in a dominate society
all by himself.  Now we all know that total a submissive can not make it on his
own.  They desperately need and must have a Master to look after them."

I was feeling so centred, I wanted to look down at the floor, but knew that
would upset the Master so I just continued to stare at him as he discussed me
like you would a favorite pet.

"Now many submissive's find their Master in a strong, dominate wife.  But rob
does not give off the vibes that will attract a woman.  He tried and tried, but
none were taking up his offer."

Now he is telling them that I kept striking out with the girls.   Tears filled
my eyes, I started to tremble a little.  I was shrinking into the carpet.  The
only problem was, I wasn't shrinking fast enough to please me.

"Not that he doesn't give off vibes.  He gives off very strong vibes.   My
investigators told me I would feel them as soon as I was within a hundred feet
of him and they were right."

"I felt them the moment I walked in that supermarket.  I didn't have to look for
him I could feel him.  Then I saw him, a poor, dejected, lonely man.   Slinking
towards the checkout.  The look on his face screaming out his agony, "Someone,
anyone, please love me."

Big tears started to role down my cheeks.  He was so right.  He had me
completely pegged.  

"Then he went and did something completely alien to his nature.  He cheated in
the check out line.  I had been trying to come up with a plan of action to
distract him and he went and placed one right in my lap."

I don't know how that happened.  I had one item too many for the express.  I
didn't even notice until the Master yelled at me about being a line cheat.

"I don't think he did it on purpose, it was purely an accident, but I grabbed at
the chance.  When he placed his few items back in the cart and made his way to
the longest line in the store as I ordered, I knew he was mine."

I was so embarrassed I couldn't have done anything else even if I had wanted to. 
He had made me feel like the lowest life on this earth.  And then when other
customers began to berate me, well that sent me packing to that long line.   I
deserved to be punished for cheating, so I stayed in that long, long line and
took my punishment like a man.

"Getting him into the van was a piece of cake.   He was like putty in my hands. 
I was prepared to take him by force if I had to, but no he obeyed me just like
the little puppy he is.  Aren't you Rob, just a cute little puppy?"

"Yes Sir, Master Scott Sir," I answered.   "I am your cute little puppy and
proud of it, Sir."

"What really amazed me and Henry was how quickly Rob adapted to this life.  He
really is a natural.  His training will continue of course, but I am very
confident that one day Rob will end up in a position very similar to Henry's."

Tears of joy and embarrassment were still pouring down my cheeks.  My heart gave
a little flutter at the mention of Henry's position.

"So gentlemen in return for the wonderful meal prepared by my own personal chef
David, and for the wonderful entertainment provided by Rob, John and Erin.   I
would like you to help with Rob's continuing education.  He needs to improve his
sucking techniques, so his mouth is at your disposal."

My fucking mouth.   He just gave my fucking mouth to these guys, disguised as
training.

"Now if you prefer of course his asspussy is nice and tight and he has taken a
real liking to being ass fucked."

Well John was right we are going to suck and get fucked.

"Of course there are no holds barred here, John and Erin will join us and we can
all have a good old fashioned fuckfest."

That was the end of the speech making.  The orgy was about to begin.   Within 2
minutes everyone in the room had a cock in his mouth or ass and in some cases
both.

Clothes were flying everywhere as the guests rushed to strip.  The short guy
that caught my jock was the first one stripped and he was on me in a flash.  He
still had the fucking cum soaked jock in his fucking mouth.   It effectively
gagged him, but the little prick knew how to talk with his hands.

He came up to me and pointed down authoritatively.  I knew what it meant and got
down on my knees.   He pointed to his huge fucking cock and I knew what that
meant as well.

His was at least 8 inches long, cut and must have been 3 inches in diameter.  I
didn't think it was possible for anyone to have a cock that big, but this little
guy sure did.

A little drop of precum decorated the piss slit.  I stuck my tongue out and
licked it off.   I started to lick that gigantic purple head.   Just for the
hell of  it I opened my mouth to see if it were going to be possible to even get
the thing in my mouth.   It went in, but it was a stretch.

I sucked it in and out a few times, flicking my tongue across it as I did so. 
He moaned through the gag.   I brought my hand up and started caressing his nuts
which were also huge and hung low.   They were each about the size of a medium
chicken egg and were heavy in my hand.

He liked me playing with his nuts while I sucked his cockhead in and out.   I
brought my other hand up and grabbed the shaft and worked in rhythm to my
sucking.  He was really moaning now and had started trying to face fuck me.

That got me a little up tight.   I was afraid if he shoved that monster down my
throat he might cause me some serious damage.  So I decided I was going to bring
this guy off real fast before he got a chance to try.

I took the hand that had been wanking his shaft and rubbed my forefinger all
over my own cock head which was dripping precum again.  Once I had it good and
wet I brought it up to his ass and started rubbing gently all round.  He let out
a bit of a scream of pleasure which even made it through the gag.

I removed the head from my mouth and started kissing and licking up and down the
shaft.    My finger rubbing his hole had begun to get dry so I wet it again
against my dick. 

This time I forced my finger up his hole and began to gently finger fuck  him.  
His moaning got louder and more frequent.   My other hand was still playing with
his balls, kneading them, then pulling gently, kneading, pulling gently.   He
seemed to really be enjoying it.

I felt his balls begin to quiver, he was fast approaching climax.    I took that
fucking great head back into my mouth and increased the pace of everything.  He
was so turned on he spit the jock out and started screaming.   

"Suck that fucking cock, bitch.  Suck it.   Oh fuck work the that fucking finger
ohhh  aaaaaaggggggghhhhhhh."

His balls began to lift he was going to start shooting.   His hips were forcing
forward harder and harder.   The cock head was so big it just pushed my head
back.   There was no way I was going to let him stick that monster down my
throat.

Then he gave a loud scream and began unloading his seed into my mouth. 
Considering the size of his equipment I expected he would try to drown me in his
love juice.   But all that came out were three short squirts, with barely any
juice in any of them. 

I swallowed what did come then licked him good and clean.   He thanked me
profusely and then wandered off somewhere.  I didn't see where because another
cock ended up in my face as soon as he pulled away.

This one was small, only about 5 inches, normal thickness and also cut.   I took
it into my mouth all the way.  It only went a little way into my throat.  I
brought my hand up to massage his balls and he came almost instantly.

I was taken totally by surprise.   I hadn't done anything except take it in my
mouth and touch his balls and he started filling my mouth with cum.   And not
just three little half hearted squirts like his predecessor.    He practically
filled my mouth on his first squirt.

I had just started to swallow when he spasmed again with another huge load.  It
was so much it squirted out the sides of my mouth.   Then another and another.  
He spasmed 6 times, each almost a mouth full.   I swallowed as fast as I could
but it just wasn't fast enough.   I had cum all over my chest and face by the
time he was finished.

That turned out not to be a problem because he got down on his knees and started
licking his own cum off me.    When he finished he asked me to stand up, he
wanted to suck mine. 

Now who am I to argue with a guest that wants to suck my cock.   I was on my
feet like a shot.  My treacherous cock standing out in all his glory, dribbling
precum all over the place.

The guy was good, he had me turned to jelly in 2 minutes flat.   I couldn't
believe how good it felt.  William, John, Erin, David all of them, they were all
very good cock suckers, but this guy was a master cocksucker.    I was flying
high, rivers of pleasure flowing through every part of my body from his expert
tongue.

I knew I wouldn't be able to last very long with his expert touch.  He would be
able to make me cum any time he wanted.   He brought me right up to the top and
just over the edge and then dropped me down just as suddenly.   How could he do
that?   My balls were just going to release and then, it stopped.

He did this to me a number of times and each time he took me to the top it was
higher than the time before.  

It must have been the 5th or 6th time and now I was begging him to make me cum.   
Yes, I was begging. 

"Oh, please Sir.  Please let me cum.  aaaaaggggghhhh.   Please Sir.
aaaaahhhhgggg.   Please, I gotta cum."

I then noticed that I had an audience.   The sounds of my ecstasy and now my
begging had drawn a number of the guests, including William over to watch.

I didn't give a damn.  My need to cum was just too great and then the man took
me to another height and then dropped me.

"Have mercy Sir.  Oh man, have mercy.  Let me cum, Sir.  Make me cum, please,
Sir make me cum."

My hips were trying to face fuck him, but he was a very strong man and just
grabbed my hips and held me still, while he continued to work my cock.

Sweat was pouring from my fevered body.  I was getting delirious.   I wasn't
going to be able to handle this much longer.  I wanted, needed to cum so badly.

The he started me up another mountain.  Higher and higher he took me.  The air
became thin and I was gasping, trying to get a breath.  But still we went higher
and higher.   The crowd around us disappeared, the man disappeared, all that was
left was me and the mountain of pleasure.   I was on the top of that mountain. 
Wanting to stay but also wanting to leave.  Wanting desperately to fall over the
edge and scream out my joy to the world.

Then it happened, I went over the edge but he wasn't there to pull me back and I
started down that wonderful slope of pure ecstasy.   My nuts opened, releasing
the product of their labour up the vas deferens to the seminal visicle, through
the prostate and down the urethra and out my piss slit at great force.

Spasm after spasm.   I didn't think it was ever going to end and didn't want it
too.  I filled his mouth with my seed.   I too produced too much this time and
he was unable to swallow fast enough and it started shooting out the sides of
his mouth.

Finally  my nuts settled back in their sac and went to work making more juice
for next time.  The man cleaned my dick and some cum that had dropped on my
legs.  

I  got down on my knees and cleaned up my own cum from his chest and shoulders
where it had overflowed.  When I was finished I looked him in the eye.

"Thank you Sir, for the most fantastic blowjob I have ever experienced."

"Think nothing of it kid.   But next time your doing the blowing, remember what
I did for you.  Work on trying to do that, then you will be a good cocksucker."

He stood up and left.   Another cock took his place.  For the next hour or so
that was all I did, suck cock.   I am sure I sucked every cock in that room.  
Everyone was getting a bit tired so the Master called for a short break.  

Refreshments were served and everyone, including John, Erin and I were included. 
It is amazing how one's energy level can be renewed after a couple of rye and
seven's.

As the glasses became empty guys began pairing off.  Two guys latched on to me.  
The first guy lay down on the floor with his legs spread and crawled up between
then.  I soon had his six and a half inch uncut cock in my mouth.

The other guy had a finger up my asspussy, working it around, loosening me up.  
He inserted a second finger worked it around, then a third.   He kept this up
for a while, while I sucked on that juicy cock and played with the guys balls.

The fingers were suddenly removed and I felt empty, cheated.  I wanted them
back.  I didn't get them, got something better, a big hard cock.   I never did
see it so don't know how big it was, but it sure felt big.   It filled me up.

The guy attached to it knew how to use it for his own as well as his partners
pleasure.  He shoved it all the way in, then pulled almost completely out,  gave
a little series of quick in and outs, each one striking the prostate.   Then
back all the way in.  He just kept repeating that rhythm over and over, it was
having an effect.

My dick was throbbing and I wanted to cum.   I knew better than to try wanking,
that could get me into some serious trouble.  So I just continued sucking and
luxuriating in the intense feelings emanating from my inner sanctum.

I suddenly felt unexpected, but welcome relief.    Someone pushed himself under
me from my right side.   He wrapped his warm lips around my poor throbbing cock
and I was floating on a cloud.   A dick up my ass, a dick down my throat and
mine dick in a hot mouth.  What more could a poor slave ask for.

The cock fucking my asspussy hit my prostate just once to often and I couldn't
hold back any longer.   I started feeding my nut juice to that eager mouth
attached to my cock.  I was moaning in pleasure as I increased the pace on the
cock in my mouth and it began to unload sweet nectar to my awaiting taste buds.

The cock up my pussyhole, that had started the sequence, finally started to fill
my bowel with hot man juice.

When we had all finally unloaded and the clean up job was finished, I collapsed
onto the floor.   I was beat, my lungs were still rasping for air and sweat
poured from my body.   I didn't think I would be able to continue much longer.  
All I wanted was the whirlpool and my nice warm, soft bed.

I must admit this was a very considerate group that the Master had assembled.  
They saw that I was pooped and left me alone to rest.   However, I was going to
regret their consideration.

I closed my eyes and dozed for a while, just letting my body recharge from all
the excitement of the last few hours.

Someone was shaking me.

"Come on Rob, wake up.   Time for bed."

It was John.   I looked up at him through sleep filled eyes.

"How you can sleep with all this great shit going on is beyond me."  he said.

"But get up, the guests are gone and we have to get up stairs."

I slowly shoved myself to my feet.  My body was aching.   The room was empty
except for John, Erin and I.

"Shit, I went to sleep again.  Is the Master pissed at me do you think?"

"I don't think so," John answered.

"He came over and looked at you after the guests had left then told me to get
you up to your room."

"You worked hard tonight Rob, and that takes a lot out of your system.   If
either Erin or I had worked as hard as you have, I think we would fallen asleep
as well.   So don't sweat it.   Besides, if you get punished, well hell, ya get
punished.   Can't change anything now, can ya.  So why worry about it.   Just
take it like it comes and you will be ok."

With that the three of us, naked as J Birds, walked quietly down the hall to the
elevator.

When we reached my apartment they both came in.    We said our good nights and
they left.    I made straight for the whirlpool.   I needed it's soothing
waters.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com     or     elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Hum

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com     or     elder@fetchmail.com


Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 23

A Pain in the Butt and Other Places

At 4:29 am, one minute before my alarm was set to go off, the Master and Henry
burst into my bedroom.

"On your fucking feet you lazy bastard." screamed the Master.

In my confusion and haste to obey,  I got tangled in the blankets and ended up
falling out of the bed head first onto the floor.  

"Get up off the fucking floor asshole." the Master yelled.

I scrambled around trying to get free of the bloody blankets while at the same
time trying to make sense out of what the hell was going on.  Finally I managed
to get to my feet.   I sleep naked so was standing there naked and shaking like
a leaf.

"You are one sorry sonofabitch, Rob.  You really are." he said staring coldly at
me.

I knew it, he was really pissed at me for going to sleep twice during his
celebration party last night.   Going to sleep in front of a room full of his
guests was not cool.  I was shaking even worse and tears were falling down my
cheeks.   He was going to put me back in the cellar in that little cage, I just
knew it.

"You were supposed to be the main entertainment for my guests and you go and
fall asleep.  Well you hadn't done a bad job on the dance so I was willing to
forgive.   But then to go and fall asleep in the middle of an orgy, put on
specifically for your benefit, well that requires punishment." he said his voice
full of anger.

"Henry have the boys brought the equipment in?"

"Yes Sir it's in the bathroom."  Henry replied.

"In the shitter Rob." the Master said.

I turned quickly and headed for the bathroom.   The equipment that John and Erin
had brought in looked like a tumblers horse.   It was about three feet high and
had a padded top.

I was ordered to lay across it length wise.   My arms were cuffed to the bottom
of the horse on each side.  My ankles were cuffed to the bottom at the opposite
end.  My ass stuck out and my jewels hung down the end.

"Well Rob I think you have forgotten the lessons from your first few days.   So
you will be given a refresher.  Henry, 20 of the best with the black belt.

"Yes Sir." Henry said.

Fear took the place of my confusion.   The belt, 20 lashes with the belt.   I
started shaking even worse and my bladder felt like it was going to burst.  Then
my dick started to rise.   Oh damn no. Not that.

Henry held a black leather belt.  It was rapped around his right hand, about two
and a half feet of it was loose to flail my hide.  The belt itself was 2 inches
wide.  It may not cut, but it sure as hell was going to hurt.

Henry raised his arm and brought the first one across both my unprotected ass
cheeks.   It stung like hell and I couldn't help but scream out my agony.   Then
another struck a little higher.  Then another and another.

I was screaming and crying, tugging on my bonds.  Begging the Master for mercy.  
All the while my cock was getting harder and harder.  It hung down over the end
of the horse and I just knew it was leaking precum.   My fucking dick was
enjoying the fact that my ass was being savaged.

At some point, I am not sure exactly where, or even if there was a specific
point, but the lashes stopped producing pain and started to produce pleasure. 
Each whack started to increase my excitement.   My cock was throbbing harder and
the need to cum increased.   I was moaning now in pleasure instead of screaming
in pain.  There was still pain but it was a kind of pleasure/pain.

Without a lot of warning I was suddenly at the edge of the crevice, ready to
fall over.  The next slap of the belt was all that was needed to push me over
the edge.   My dick started squirting out huge shots of cum.   I screamed.

"Beat me Master, beat me.   I am a no good lazy slave and deserve to be beaten. 
Beat me Sir, please beat me."

The last whack with the belt came just a fraction of a second before my last
shot of cum.

My body became totally loose and I just rested on top of the horse.  Now that I
had shot my load, my ass started to sting again.

"Rob." the Master called sharply.

"Yes Sir," I answered.

"Don't ever fall asleep while entertaining my guests again.  Is that clear?"

"Yes Sir." I answered.

But if falling asleep meant this kind of pleasure, I couldn't guarantee that I
wouldn't.

"After you have finished with your morning cleansing you will prepare for an
outing.  Josh, from wardrobe will deliver your clothes for today's little
adventure in about an hour or so.   You will also wear your nose/ear chain." the
Master ordered.

He then turned and left my apartment with Henry close behind.

"Well John," I said.  "So much for your theory that I would be ok."

"Boy did I call that one wrong.  Sorry Rob, but I was so sure he would let you
off."  John answered sadly.

"Well don't matter now it is done.   Worse than the beating though, he is taking
me on another outing.   What kind of terrible shit is he going to do to me this
time?"

"We don't have a clue Rob, the Master never said anything to us about this one."

"Don't matter, you wouldn't have told me if he had." I said contritely.

"Yeah, your right on that one Rob." Erin said.

We went ahead with the cleansing, shave, enema, whirlpool and shower.  
Afterwards I was waiting naked in my bedroom when there was a knock on the door.

"Come in." I called.

A really good looking guy, about 30 entered carrying pink pieces of cloth in one
hand and a pair of pink high heel shoes in the other.

"Hi Rob, I'm Josh." he said as he placed the things on my bed.

He then came over and shook my hand.

"Really glad to finally get to meet you.  You are really becoming a celebrity
around here.  Everyone is just biting their nails waiting for the chance to meet
you."

"Me!"

"Whatever for?  I am nobody special."

"Well friend you won the Dick Dance and there ain't no one is gonna come even
close to you for a long, long time.  You are right up there on everyone's want
to meet list."

"Great.  Just what I've always wanted to be famous for dancing around with my
fucking dick hanging out."  I whined.

Josh just laughed at that.  I think he thought I was kidding.

He showed me the things he had brought and explained how to get into them.

Well I have to tell you, if I thought the leather out fits I had had to wear
before were stupid or centred me out, they were fancy formal wear compared to
what I was going to have to wear today.

To start with all parts of it were in what could only be described as passion
pink.  The out fit consisted of a very flimsy top that only covered my shoulders
and down to just above my nipples.   There was a very fancy, very fine white
trim all along the outside edges.

Next a pair of panty hose to be covered by a pair of very tight, short, short,
shorts, around my jewels.   To finish the whole thing off, a pair of pink high
heel shoes.   I was going to look like some sort of weird freak in this out fit.

Well there was nothing for it but to try and get into it.  It didn't take very
long.  The panty hose pulled my nuts up tight to my body and it was very
uncomfortable.  I could just imagine how it would feel after an hour or two.

Once it was on I went and looked in the full length mirror.   I went white.   I
looked like a fairy.   I mean a real sick, weird, fairy.    I hadn't put the
chain on yet, but knew that would make it even worse.   Oh man how I prayed he
wasn't going to take me out into any public places wearing this. 

I had just finished attaching the chain when the intercom came alive.

"Rob, report to the Master's office, now."

Not sure who it was, but it didn't matter, like it or not I was going down there
dressed like a weirdo.

I left my apartment slowly, looking both ways along the hall to see if any one
were about.   The hall was empty.  I quickly made my way to the elevator.  I was
surprised how quickly I had adapted to the high heels.   I had no trouble at
all.   I guess the ones I wore for the Dick Dance helped train me.

The elevator door opened on the main floor and right outside stood at least 10
young men.  My heart skipped a beat, then started racing.  My breathing
increased rapidly.   I could feel my face turning bright, bright red.  But worst
of all, my fucking dick started to rise.

No one said a word but the smiles on all those faces was worse than anything
they could have said.   I wanted to curl up in a ball and just die right there. 
But the Master was waiting and the last thing I wanted was to piss him off
again.  I hurried out and on up the hall.  I didn't bother looking back, but
could feel those  eyes on me all the way to the Master's office door.

I entered quickly, closed the door and went down on my knees.  Eric was behind
his desk.  Eric, who in the past had never, ever, not even once looked up at me
when I entered that office, picked today to look at me and smile.   My already
semi hard dick, made a quick jolt and hardened up pushing against the fabric of
the panty hose.

I just knelt there, terribly self-conscious in this sick pink out fit.   Eric
just kept staring.   I tried averting my eyes but they kept going back to him.  
My face was getting redder and redder.  My cock was throbbing something fierce.

The buzzer sounded and the Master's voice called over the intercom. 

"Send him in Eric."

"Yes Sir." Eric replied.

I didn't need to be told, I was on my feet heading for the office.   I opened
the door and entered.   After closing the door I went to my knees and awaited
the Master's pleasure.

The Master, Henry and two other men were sitting in the sofa area.   The Master
was in an easy chair as was one of the men, a very distinguished looking man. 
Henry and the other man were each sitting on one of the sofa's.

They paid no attention to me, just went on discussing whatever it was they were
talking about.   I waited patiently, hoping my erection would go down before the
Master called me forward.

They kept me waiting for 5 maybe 10 minutes.  It is hard to tell time when you
don't have a watch.

"Rob come over here and show us your sweet out fit." the Master called.

My dick which had settled down, popped right up at those words.   My face must
have gone purple.   Shaking I got quickly to my feet and made my way over to the
seated men.

"Just walk around the coffee table a few times so we can get a proper look at
you."

I did as commanded feeling lower and lower with each circuit.   They discussed
how sick a person must be to put on an out fit like this and then parade around
showing himself off. 

They talked about me as if I wasn't even there and one of them said.

"He has got to be the sickest, the lowest, the most contemptible sonofabitch
that ever got off the boat."

I was ready to start crying.  How I managed to hold back the tears as long as I
did I don't know.   I wanted to scream this is not my idea.  I didn't choose to
wear this damned out fit.  I am obeying my Master's wishes, that's all.  I am
not sick or weird.  Instead I just kept walking around that coffee table feeling
lower and lower by the second.

"Rob is your dick hard?" the Master asked.

I took a big lung full of air and gulped.

"Yes Sir." I almost whispered it.

"We can not hear you Rob.  Speak up."

"Yes Sir, my dick is hard Sir." I said much louder."

"Really.' he said shaking his head.   "You really are in a bad way Rob.  Imagine
getting hard from parading around in a sick out fit like that."

"Pull your shorts down so we can see what it looks like in your pretty pink
panty hose."

I stopped parading, turned and faced him, hooked my thumbs in the waist band of
the shorts and pulled them down.  I was feeling so centred now that I felt like
I was going to throw up.

"It looks awfully uncomfortable squeezed in there like that Rob.  Is it? he
asked.

"Yes Master very uncomfortable but that is of no consequence if it pleases you
Sir." I replied.

A big smile lit up his face when I uttered those words.   It was what he was
waiting to here.  He was waiting for me to let him know that I understood what
this was all about.  He could use me and abuse me to his hearts content and what
I thought or felt meant nothing.

"Well Rob pull up your shorts, I'll never understand why you find it such a turn
on showing everyone your fucking leaking dick."

I quickly pulled the shorts back up relieved that part was over.

"Ok gentlemen lets take Rob on his little morning outing."

Saying that he arose from the chair, the others followed suit.   Henry came over
and attached the gold chain to my collar and led me out of the office and out
onto the front step of the mansion.   The limo was there waiting.

Shit.  It is very doubtful he is going to let me sit in a seat which means I am
going to have to kneel.   Fucking Frank is going to get his rocks off again
trying to make me fall over.  Just as I thought that, Frank looked at me and
smiled.  Oh fuck, he is too.

The Master and the distinguished man sat in the back seat.  Henry and the other
man sat on the side seats.   Yours truly knelt in the middle.

Frank took it easy until we got out on the freeway and then started driving like
a maniac.   He was all over the fucking road, throwing me back and forth.  It
was just impossible to keep my balance.  This was a hundred times worse than the
first time he had done it.  I spent more time on this trip rolling around on the
floor then I ever did on my knees.  Must have been great entertainment for the
Master and his guests.

The car came to a stop.   I had been so busy I had no idea at all where we might
be.   Henry reached over and undid my chain.  He reached in his pocket and
pulled out a $20. bill.

"Rob." the Master said.

"You will go in this mall and walk to the  very far end, that's right the very
far end. There you will find a store called Lady of the Night.  You will go in
and get one of the ladies to measure you for a pink lace up corset to match your
outfit.  You will tell them you want one that is very, very tight.  Do you have
that so far?

"Yes Sir." I gulped, now really scared.

"At the far end of the mall a store called Lady of the Night, I get one of the
ladies to measure me for a pink lace corset and I tell her I want it to be very,
very tight, Sir." 

"Good." he said.  "Then you will put it on and get her to lace you into it.  Put
your shorts back on over top of it and then pay for it.   You are to wear it
back to the limo.  Any questions?"

"No Sir.  If that is what pleases you Master then I shall obey your command."

"Good off you go.  Oh, if we are not here when you get back just stand by the
door until we return."

Scared out of my wits I climbed out of the limo.  At first no one paid me any
attention at all.   But once they realized I was a male they all started
looking, making comments, shaking heads.  There was nothing I could do.  I had
to obey the Master.   So I gritted my teeth and just looked straight ahead as I
walked through the mall.

I finally came to the store called Lady of the Night.   I went right in, just to
get out of the mall.   I walked right to the back and waited.   Soon a very nice
lady came back and asked if she could be of service.

"Look I am sorry I look like this but I have no choice.  Please help me purchase
what I must,  so I can get out of here." I pleaded.

When she had first looked at me and realized I was a man a look of annoyance was
on her face.  My pleading must have softened her up because she became very
helpful.

I explained what I needed and she went and got one.  She showed  me to a fitting
room to put it on.   She said once it was on just come to the door and she would
tie it up for me.

She was as good as her word.   Once the thing was on and snugged up I got
dressed again.  I left the fitting room and paid for the damned thing.   I
thanked her profusely as I left.

The walk back through the mall was just a traumatic as the walk in.   It seems
some of those that had seen me enter were waiting for me to come back out.  

There were about 5 or 6 teen boys and girls.   They followed real close making
all kinds of rude comments and attracting even more attention. 

I couldn't say anything or do anything.   I just kept my eyes straight ahead and
walked steadily on.

My worst nightmare was answered when I stepped outside the mall and saw that the
limo was gone.   Tears came to my eyes, I couldn't stop them from falling.  I
stood there petrified.   The teens were still giving me a hard time, but so far
it had only been verbal.   What would I do if they decided to get physical.  I
could be in real trouble.

Suddenly the kids disappeared.  I breathed a sigh of relief.   Thank goodness
they had gone back into the mall.   What I hadn't noticed was the reason, but I
sure was about to be enlightened.

A police car pulled up to the curb right in front of me.  I heard the vehicle
stop and thought it was the limo.   When I saw the police car I almost passed
out from fright.

Two, big police officers got out of the car.   The one that had been on the
passenger side just stood there staring at me while his partner made his way
around the car.  Then they both walked up to me.

"Did you know that there are city ordinances against indecent exposure, pal?" 
the passenger cop asked.

"Ahhh yes sir." I answered meekly.

"Don't you think this is indecent walking around in public dressed like this?"

"Yes sir it is, but I have no choice.  It is part of my initiation into a secret
society for computer programmers.   If I don't fulfill the initiation I will not
get accepted.   My whole career depends on this, officer.  Please, I know it
looks weird but it really isn't that bad and they will be here to pick me up
soon."  I almost begged.

"A secret society, huh.   Somethin' like those University fraternities I take
it?"

"Yes officer that's almost exactly what it is like."  I quickly responded.

"Whose picking you up?" asked the second officer.

"The executive officers of the group will be picking me up in a limo soon.  I
think their idea of a joke is to have me stand  here for a while.  It is very
embarrassing officer."  I said.

"Yeah, I can imagine.  Well were going to let you off but if we ever see you
down here dressed like that again, secret society or not, your going to go to a
cell for a while.  Understand?"

"Oh yes sir, thank you officer.  Thank you very much."  I almost fell all over
them out of gratitude.

"Ok." they said, got in the car and drove off.

I breathed a little sigh of relief, sweat forming on my brow.  A little old lady
walked by.

"You ought to be ashamed of yourself young man." she snipped as she passed by.

I am lady, I am.  I thought to myself.  So far I had been lucky.  The kids
really hadn't caused any trouble.  The cops had been good and left me alone.  
All I needed now was the fucking limo to come back and get me.

More people passed by.  More terrible comments.   The tears had flooded my eyes
again.  How much longer was he going to make me stand here.   The comments were
getting me flustered again and my dick had risen and was throbbing and leaking
precum.   The only good thing was the panty hose was keeping it from popping up
and being really visible.

On top of everything else I started to feel lonely.  I hadn't been this alone
since the Master took me in.   Then a terrible, terrifying thought struck.  
What if he doesn't come back?

What if he is so pissed at me that he has decided he doesn't want me anymore.  
Big sobs now began to erupt from me.  Tears were flowing freely.  Another
elderly lady came by and she saw my distress.

"Now, now deary it is not all that bad.   You know you wouldn't feel so bad if
you were to dress more sensibly."

This only caused me to cry that much harder.  The lady was really beginning to
be concerned for me.   She was mothering me and asking all kinds of dumb
questions.  I was trying to tell her I was ok when the limo pulled up and Frank
taped the horn.

I quickly explained that my, "Daddy" had finally come to take me home. 

"That's a good boy she said.   Tell your daddy he has to take better care of you
in the future."

I don't know what the hell she was thinking of me, and I really didn't want to
know.   I just opened the door and jumped quickly into the limo.   I crawled to
the centre and faced the Master.

"Did you do what you were supposed to do Rob?" he asked.

"Yes Sir." I said brushing the tears from my eyes.

"What the hell are you crying about now?"

"I thought maybe you were so mad at me that you had decided you didn't want me
anymore, Sir." I said.

"Rob, get one thing straight.  If I ever got to the point where I didn't want
you around anymore I would never pull a shitty trick like this to get rid of
you.  We have a contract and I will honour that contract.   I am disappointed
that you would think such a thing of me."

"I am sorry Master.   Strange things kept going through my mind while I stood
there waiting.  I couldn't help myself.  Please forgive me, Master."  I cried.

"You silly fuck, Rob.  Of course I forgive you.   Now slip off the shorts we
want to see your corset."

Just happy to be back in the limo I quickly shucked the shorts and lifted the
short shirt top.

"Now I think that is very becoming Rob.  You look great.  Don't you think so
Henry?"

"Yes Sir, Rob does look great."

"I will bet that after waiting out in that hot sun so long you must be very
thirsty, Rob?" the Master asked.

"Just a little Master.  A small drink of water would be fine, Sir."

"Water!  No damned way Rob.  I think you need a good solid drink with some beef
in it.   Maybe a nice cold beer.  Now you would like a beer wouldn't you?"

"If it pleases you Sir, then I would love a cold beer Sir." I replied, but the
last thing in the world I wanted was a beer.  A beer meant a bar and I didn't
want to go anywhere but back to the mansion.

The Master pressed his little button and said.

"Frank take us to Harold's."

The limo started up and pulled away from the mall.  Damned, he is going to take
me to a bar and I just know more humiliation.

It only took 10 minutes to get to Harold's  Bar & Grill.   It, at least, was in
the Gay section of town.    The limo pulled up and stopped.  Frank got out and
came back to open the door.

"Now Rob you march yourself right in there and tell the bartender that your
Master, Master Scott will be here shortly and would like a table for four. 
Remember Rob that you are a slave and slave rules apply."

I crawled over to the door and got out.  I quickly made my way into the bar.  It
was a leather bar and the place was full of huge guys all decked out in black
leather duds.  

The place went deadly quiet when I walked in and boldly waltzed myself up to the
bar.  I had to squeeze between two mountains in shimmering black leather to give
the bartender my message.

The two mountains each had hands and those hands began rubbing my ass.  One on
each cheek.   I was scared again.  I passed my message and because the bar was
still so quiet, everyone heard.

"Wait here a second." the bartender said.

One of the hands that had been rubbing my butt, moved up and went around my
neck.  The next thing I know the guy has his tongue halfway down my throat.  The
other guy, still rubbing my ass with his right hand, moves around and starts to
rub between my legs with the other.  He can feel my now throbbing cock.

One of these guy could wipe the floor with me and not even breath hard.   The
two of them now had me locked up tight between them and were having fun.  The
guy who's tongue was half way down my throat hadn't had a shave in a couple of
days and his whiskers were rubbing my face raw.

The other guy was now slapping upward with his hand.  Each slap send a torrent
of pain through my system.   My balls were becoming one mass of pain.

"Hey Jack, let the poor fuck breath for a minute." the guy that was slapping my
balls said.

"Beside I want to ram my fucking cock down his faggot throat."

Jack withdrew his tongue and sat back.

"Sure Jeno." he said.

Jeno grabbed me by the neck and brought my face to with in a few inches of his.  

"I want that fucking faggot mouth around my cock, bitch, and you better do a
good job or you gonna be minus one set of nuts."  he growled.

I was scared to death.  Where the hell was the Master.  He must have known what
kind of place this was.  How could he leave to the mercy of these depraved
bastards.  Well I really didn't have any choice, I brought my hand up to undo
his zipper.  But he slapped my hand away.

"You little faggot bastard.  I ought to break every fucking finger on that
fucking hand.   Use your fucking mouth."

Shaking uncontrollably I bent over and tried to get hold of his zipper with my
teeth.  It wasn't easy.  I had to also use my lips and tongue to get the zipper
tag up so I could get hold of it.

Once I got it between my teeth, it wasn't any easier, the zipper didn't want to
open.  Finally Jeno decided to help by standing up.   The zipper then dropped
right down.  But how the hell do I get his cock out I wondered.  Well he didn't
waste anytime in letting me know.

"What the fuck are you waiting for cunt.  Get your fucking face in there and
pull it out."

I lifted my face to the opening in his jeans and recoiled.  A terrible, stink
emerged.   Shit it smelt like he never changed his clothes or washed his meat. 
It plain stunk.  How the fuck was I going to be able to suck that.  It was going
to make me sick I was sure of it.

I took a deep breath of fresh air and went in looking with my mouth.  He wasn't
wearing underwear so I found his dick quickly.   He was still flaccid so it was
not difficult to get a hold of it and get it out.  

It tasted of stale piss and old cum, almost as bad as it smelt. 

"What the fuck are you waiting for faggot suck that cock." he ordered.

He then grabbed me by the hair, pulled my head back, looked me right in the eye.

"Suck it asshole or I am going to turn your face into mush."

He pushed my head back to his cock and I opened my mouth and began to suck his
dirty dick.  The moment my tongue touched the head he began to get hard.   In no
time at all he had a full erection.   His cock was a six and a halfer and was
uncut.   I did my best to make him cum as quickly as possible.  I kept hoping
the Master would come in and put a stop to this.

"That's the way faggot bitch, suck that man cock." he jeered and laughed.

The others, including his friend Jack cheered him on.

"Oh this faggot really knows how to suck a mean cock."

The taunts and the cheering went on and on.   I didn't think the fucker was ever
going to cum.  But finally I felt his dick tighten in my throat, and knew he was
about to unload.

"Oh yeah bitch, gonna fill yer mouth with dick slop and ya better swallow it
all.   Aggggggggghhhhhhh ya suck it bitch, suck it. aaaaaggggghaa."

He unloaded four good shots and two smaller ones before his balls ran dry.  As
his dick became flaccid again he pulled out.  He gave my head a push with his
big hand and I went sprawling across the floor.

"Get your sorry ass the fuck out of here faggot.  If you ever come in here again
I guarantee you won't be able to walk out."

I got up off the floor and ran quickly for the door.  The whole bar erupted in
laughter and cat calls.   I got outside the door real quick.   The limo was
still sitting there.  The doors closed.  The back window came down and the
Master was looking at me.

"Who gave you permission to come out of there Rob?  I told you to wait until we
came in."

"This big guy told me to get out and threatened to break my legs if I ever go
back in Master."

"What did you do Rob?"

"I didn't do anything Sir.  Just what you told me.  The two big guys started
manhandling me.   One made me suck him and then they threw me out."

"Well Rob I don't think you should be going around antagonizing people.  Now you
go right back in there and go to that man and apologize for being a jerk."

He had to be crazy.  They would kill me.  My contract said that he could never
do anything that would cause me serious injury.   Those guys were going to do
just exactly that, if went back in.

What the fuck was I gonna do?  Obey my Master and get the shit kicked out of me,
or just plain refuse and take whatever punishment he deemed necessary.

With tears in my eyes, I decide that I would take the shit kicking.   I signed a
contract that said I would do as ordered, and that is exactly what I would do. 
I would trust him to keep his side of the bargain and protect me.

I turned, opened the door and walked back in.  I was scared to death.  My legs
were shaking and I was on the verge of vomiting, but I moved ahead anyway.

The place became quiet again as soon as I reappeared.   Jeno and Jack were still
sitting at the bar, but were facing away from me.  On shaky legs I walked right
up to Jeno and when I was only a foot or so away I went down on my knees.

"Mr. Jeno Sir." I said my voice cracking with fear.

"I am very sorry I was such a jerk before.  I am here to take whatever
punishment you deem necessary to teach me not to be such a jerk, Sir."

Then I waited to die.  Neither he or Jack moved.  They just kept drink their
beer.  After what seemed an eternity, Jeno turned in his seat and faced me.  
His eyes were like daggers.  My heart was racing, maybe I didn't have to worry
about getting beaten to death.  My heart felt like it was going to burst.

"You sure got balls faggot." he said.

"Now what would you prefer, I break both your fucking legs or cut your balls off
and make you eat them?" he growled.

That was it for me.  The tension became so great that I just couldn't handle it
any longer.   Jeno just suddenly faded from sight and I was in darkness.

I awoke in the limo.   We were moving along at quite a clip.  As I became
conscious of where I was I got up quickly onto my knees.

"My, my Rob, your sure do like to sleep." the Master said.

"Did you enjoy your little outing Rob?"

"Yes Master," I lied.  "I enjoyed it very much Sir.  Thank you Sir."

He just started to laugh and the others joined him.   I didn't find anything
funny about it at all so didn't.  I probably wasn't supposed to anyway.  For the
rest of the trip they all talked business and ignored me completely.

It was just going on noon hour when we arrived back at the mansion. 

"Rob you will go to lunch wearing your pretty pink outfit.  You have developed
quite a reputation among the other slaves.  It might be good for them to see you
in such a nice outfit don't you think?"

"You are always right Master and I will obey your every command."

"Yes I am absolutely sure of that now Rob.  Have your lunch then go back to your
apartment and take the rest of the afternoon for yourself to relax and think
about the lessons you were taught today."

"Henry, what time will we be having the coffee?"

"At 8 Sir." Henry answered.

"I want you in regular day dress at 8 tonight Rob.  John will pick you up and
bring you, be ready."

"Yes Sir." I answered.

Frank opened the doors and they all got out.   Being Mr. Nobody, I got out last
and made my way to the slave dining hall.

Of all the people that had seen me today I think it is the other slaves that I
feared having see me the most.  These were all people that I would probably have
to work with at some time or other.  By the same token it was the one group that
I should fear the least.  They knew that I was following orders.  But it
bothered me just the same.

John, Erin, David and Ed were all sitting together.   I hadn't seen Ed in over a
week.  I had wondered what had happened to him.   I grabbed some food from the
steam tray and a cup of coffee, then hurried over to their table.

"Not a fucking word guys." I said as I sat down.

"I have been through fucking hell with this outfit all morning.  The last thing
I have to do is have lunch and then I have permission to take the damned thing
off."

The three of them just chuckled and we began to talk.  I told them about the
things that I had to do and they just all chuckled some more.  I mentioned to
John that he was going to have to take me to coffee tonight and he said he
already knew about it.

There would be two very important businessmen that the Master wanted to impress
and we would be part of the impression.   We would both probably have to spend a
night with one.

I was a little shocked by that.  But John asked what was wrong with me.  They
would be clean and had cocks, that was all that was important.  We would have
one hell of a good time.  Besides whenever we did an overnight we always get the
next day off for ourselves.  Well when put that way it didn't sound so bad at
all.

After lunch I spent 30 minutes in the whirlpool, I know I was not supposed to go
for more than 20, but I needed it.  Then a nice shower and into the sack.  I
slept until almost 5.  It was Ed that woke me up.

He had dropped by to see if I wanted to go down to dinner with him.  I said sure
and quickly got into the daily dress.  I used to hate this outfit, but after
that fucking pink thing this was wonderful.  It even felt great, guess I was
getting acclimatized to being a slave.

We knocked on John's door but there was no answer, so we went on down alone.

John and Erin were already here.  We grabbed our food and joined them.  It turns
out that the Master was now happy with Ed.  Had given him back his real name and
set him up in an apartment just across the hall from me.

The rest of the meal we talked sports, movies and music.  It was going on 6:30
by the time we left the dining room and headed back to our apartments.   John
and Erin wanted to get cleaned up so they went to their own apartment.  Ed came
with me into mine.

I still had my computer so went on line and did a little surfing around.   I
showed Ed some really interesting sites.  While we fooled around with this we
just talked.

Ed had grown up knowing and accepting that he was gay.  While in high school he
realized that he was also a submissive type.   He had heard about the
Master/slave set up and wanted in on it.  The problem was finding a Master that
he could trust and that was taking on new slaves.

He had heard about Master Jackson and had just boldly walked up to his door one
day and asked if the Master would take him on.   Master Jackson hemmed and hawed
for two weeks before he started putting Ed through some tests to see if he
really was slave material.  Finally four weeks after the first encounter, Mr.
Jackson had him sign a contract.

He likes Master Jackson and will be very happy to go back to him.  He also likes
Master Scott and could be happy here as well.  He would leave it up to the
Master's to decide his fate.  They could work it out however they wished, he
would do what he was told.

Time had just flown while we talked.  A knock at the door announced John's
arrival.   It was a quarter to eight and we had to get moving.  I said good
night to Ed and said I hoped to see him at breakfast.

John and I headed for the elevator.  We went down, but only by one floor.  We
got off on the second.  I had never been here before so had no idea what might
be on this floor.  We were not aloud to talk outside our apartment so I couldn't
ask John about it.  That would have to wait till later.

We walked down the hall to a set of very ornate double doors.  John indicated to
me with his hands to kneel.  I did so.  He then walked up to the door and raised
a huge iron knocker.  He let it drop then hurried back beside me and got down on
his knees.

We sat there on our knees, our hands resting lightly on the kneecaps, our eyes
looking straight ahead.

A few moments later the doors opened together.   As they opened I could see that
two slaves were doing the opening.  Once the doors were fully opened Henry
appeared in the centre of the door.  He was dressed in a very intricately woven
serape.  The material was of a yellow colour and designs in coloured thread were
woven all over it.  It was gorgeous.  I had never seen any piece of clothing so
beautiful.

"What be your business at the quarters of the Master." Henry bellowed.

"Please Sir, we are but lowly slaves here at the Master's bidding to offer our
services, Sir." John said.

"You may enter lowly ones." Henry said.

John leaned forward into a four legged position.  I followed suit and then we
began to crawl in.   Once we were well in John stopped and returned to the
kneeling position.  I did the same at the same time and behind me could hear the
doors being closed.

The room was fantastic.   It was brightly lit with gold being the most abundant
colour.  Tapestries lined the walls interspersed by candelabra.  There were
settees, daybeds, and easy chairs all around the room, all upholstered in shades
of gold.

Then I spied the Master.   He was sitting on the floor on a huge pillow.  His
legs crossed.  There were two very good looking men sitting on their own
cushions with a small, low profile table separating them.  On the table were the
tinniest cups I had ever seen.  One of the guests picked up his cup said
something and the other two lifted theirs and they all drank together.

Well I don't know if drank would be the right word.   I mean those little cups
wouldn't even hold a mouth full.  So I guess I should have said sipped.

As far as the three of them were concerned we did not exist.  They went on with
their mad tea party or whatever the hell it was.  Every once in a while they
would all lift those absurd cups and take a sip.  Henry would pick up a little
pot and refill them with whatever the hell it was they were sipping.

The little party must have gone on for over an hour.  My legs were starting to
get a bit numb, but I dare not move.  Finally Henry clapped his hands smartly
twice.  John touched me and we both stood up.   Getting up was a lot easier said
then done.  My legs protested and I thought they were going to cramp, but they
didn't.

Henry clapped once more and John touched me and we started moving towards the
Master and his guests.

"Ah your companions have finally arrived." the Master said.

What the fuck did he mean finally arrived?  We have been sitting here for over
an hour waiting for him to even acknowledge our fucking presence.

"John you remember Mr. Lieberman.  He was very impressed with you last time and
asked specifically if you would be available this evening."

John gave a little bow of his head.

"I am most honoured Mr. Lieberman, thank you Sir." John said very respectfully.

"Thank you so much for your hospitality, Jake."  Mr. Lieberman said to the
Master.

"I bid you a good night."

"The pleasure is all mine Jason, I assure you.  Good night." the Master said.

Mr. Lieberman and John head towards a door on the side of the room.

"Richard I have a very special companion for you.  This is Rob.  He is a very
remarkable individual.   I think you will be a very, very happy man by morning." 
the Master said.

I went a little red in the face at that one.  Also I had made a mental note, for
the first time I had heard the Master's first name, Jake.

"I am sure I will Jake, you have never steered me wrong in 25 years so why would
you start now."  he said.

"Rob this is Mr. Richard Johnson, you may have heard of him.  He is the owner
and founder of S&H Computers.   You two have a lot in common.  So I think you
will both have a very interesting night."

I did what John had done and gave a little bow.

"It is a great honour to meet you Mr. Johnson.  I have been an admirer for many
years, Sir."  I said.

They both shook hands and said their good nights.  Then he took me by the arm
and turned me towards the door.

"Come along Rob, I think we are going to become real good friends."

"Yes Sir." I answered dumbly.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com     or     elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Hum

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com  or  elder@fetchmail.com


Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 24

A Pleasant Interlude

I was walking down a hall in the mansion with one of my idols, the world famous
Richard Johnson.  The man who almost single handedly put Microsoft and Intel out
of business.

A micro processor genius, he designed and built the SMART chip which in a matter
of months revolutionized the entire computer industry. 

As we walked, we talked about PC security.   He told me how he had been very
impressed by my ability to ferret out that Hugh Gorden was behind IconSoftware. 
He was even more impressed by the report on IconSoftware itself.

We soon came to a door and he opened it and ushered me in.   It was a large
suite of rooms.   This was a luxury suite to beat all luxury suites.   Furnished
with only the finest furniture and accoutrements.   No expense had been spared
in the decoration.

He asked if I wanted a drink.

"Rye and seven would be nice, Sir." I answered politely.

"I am not a Master, Rob,  I would prefer you call me Richard or Rich."

"Thank you Rich, but I would have called you Sir even if I hadn't been a slave.  
I have always looked up to you as a role model.  I have read just about
everything ever written about you."

"That's me,"  he laughed,  "a living, breathing god of the computer world.  But
in reality I am just a simple man that  just happened to strike it lucky."

The conversation went on like that for a while.  We got our drinks and made our
way over to a sofa.  He bid me to sit, which I did and he sat down beside me. 
We talked a bit more as we sipped our drinks.   I decided I would let him make
the moves, this was his show, however I was aching to place my lips against his.

I didn't have to wait long.

"You are a very attractive young man, Rob.   If I had met you before Jake got
you I would have been inclined to invite you to move in with me."  he said very
softly as he bent his head over and gave me a gentle kiss on the cheek.

I bent forward and placed my drink on the coffee table.   As I sat back I
twisted myself to face him.   My head moved to his and our lips met, they opened
and we began to explore with our tongues.

Richard was about 6' 1" and  probably weighed in at around 230 to 250.   He was
solid muscle.  My arms were around him and he was like steel.   He had a square
jaw, soft, clear skin and deep green eyes.   His nose was just a tad too sharp,
but otherwise he had a beautiful face. 

As our tongues were busy exploring  oral cavities, our hands were busy exploring
the outer parts of our bodies.  My hands had found their way down and were
rubbing against his erection which was pushing hard against his cotton slacks.  

As I rubbed his engorged joy stick I felt a wet spot, he was dripping.  From the
feel of it, his cock was about six and a half inches long and about an inch and
a half in circumference, nothing to sneeze at.   I couldn't wait to feel it in
my mouth.

Rich had not gone to sleep while I was feeling him up.   He was busy doing the
same to me.   My cock, as usual was at rigid attention.

I started to unbutton his shirt, then placed my hand inside.  He had loads of
hair on his chest, he was just like a furry bear.   His pecs felt fantastic, it
was obvious that Rich spent a lot of time in a gym and, I suspected, an
inordinate amount of time in the weight room.  You didn't get a body like this
sitting behind a desk.

My fingers found his quarter sized nipples and I squeezed and rubbed them
gently,  he made a little intake of air when I first touched it.  I played with
one for a while then went to the other.  All the while I was still rubbing his
dick through his pants.  The wet spot was much larger now and his precum was
seeping through the light material.

He shifted and I sensed that he now needed more than just a kiss, he wanted my
cock in his mouth.  I pulled away and we both frantically undressed each other.  
When we were naked he lay down on his back on the sofa and I crawled on top.  My
head down between his legs, my cock right over his face.

I lowered my ass so my cock was in a comfortable position for him to reach.  He
took it right away, as I did his.  His dick was uncut, with a large foreskin.  I
pushed my tongue under his foreskin and worked it around.  I felt him give a
little shudder when I did this.

I used one hand to pull back the foreskin and began to lick all around the head,
just like a child would do with a lollipop.  He was squirming so I knew he was
enjoying.   I stuck my tongue into the piss slit and worked it back and forth
very quickly, which elicited a moan from him.

His cock had a fresh, clean taste and there was just a faint hint of male musk
emanating from his groin area.   It was a very intoxicating odour.   Each intake
of air through my nose sent a thrill through my body.

I licked down the shaft and made my way to his large balls.   I took each one in
my mouth one at a time, swirling it around, sucking on it.   Then went down
behind his balls and licked.  His wonderful male odour was stronger here and I
just kept taking in whiffs.    As I worked my way back to his cock, I used a
free hand to massage his balls.

Back at the big purple head I opened wide and sank my oral cavity onto his
beautiful dick.   My tongue went to work flicking around as I sucked.   I worked
the head of his man meat deeper and deeper into my mouth and throat, until
finally his pubic hair was tickling my nose and chin.

I now began a steady face fuck, he was climbing his mountain, I knew because he
started to thrust up as I pushed down.  Much the same action was taking place at
my cock end.   Rich was matching me move for move.   Whatever I did for him he
did for me, so we were both climbing separate mountains, but we were climbing
them together.

It didn't take very much longer before we were both blowing our loads deep into
each other's gullets.  Rich's cum was very sweet, just like William's.  I made
sure I lost none of it.   When we both finally blew the last of our nut juice
into the other's eager throats, we began the clean up. 

Sometimes I find this the best part.   I am filled with a feeling of euphoria
and I  have this wonderful, hot, velvety tool in my mouth.   I luxuriate in the
feel of it as it starts to loose it's strength.   There is no need to do
anything except just enjoy the feeling of it.   This I did with Rich's dick. 
Sucking gently as it slowly went flaccid.  Finally Rich pulled back and it was
gone.  I wanted it back, but decided not to push it.

I turned around and crawled back up to Rich.  I placed my mouth over his and we
kissed deeply again.  We kissed for a while and then I sensed by his movements
that he would like me to sit up so I did.

I reached over and picked up my glass.  I took a drink while Rich was getting up
and then he did the same.

"Wow." he said. "I thought Jake said you had never been in an intimate
relationship until two weeks ago."

"I hadn't." I said a bit shyly.

"Well let me tell ya Rob you must be one fast learner.  I'd swear you have been
doing this for years.  It was great, one of the best I have every had."

I went red in the face.  I still found it difficult to talk about this stuff.

"Thank you Rich." I said.

"Now I really wish I had met you sooner.   We would have made a fine team. 
Well, drink up Rob and let's go get comfortable in that big bed that Jake so
kindly provided."

"That sounds like a splendid idea." I replied.

I was really beginning to like Rich.  I think he was right.  If we had met
before the Master had taken me, we would have made a very good team.   Of course
Rich would have had to find someway to convince me that I was gay, but that
isn't relevant any longer so I just pushed the thought aside. 

There was also the small problem of love.  I was deeply in love with William.  I
had no idea at this moment where that love was going to go.  Would we always be
separated, never permitted to live and love together?  I was sure William wanted
me as much as I wanted him.  There was just the small problem of his father, my
Master.   I think he had other plans.  Why the hell can't parents just leave
their kids alone to take partners of their own choosing?

I finished off my drink and stood up naked.  For once, my dick hadn't stood up
before me.  Rich got up and we put our arms around each others waists as we
headed for the bedroom.

Along the way, Rich kept bending his head to nuzzle at my neck.   Every time he
did, I would lower my hand to his ass crack and let my forefinger flick up
against his love hole.  Each time he would give an involuntarily little gasp.  
I felt really warm and wonderful inside. 

When we reached the bed he climbed up and went right to the centre, I followed
along behind.

"Why do you shave all your body hair off, Rob?" he asked innocently.

"Oh, didn't you know, it is a condition of slavery.   The Master owns my body
and he may do with it whatever he wishes.   Master Scott has a standing rule
that all slaves must shave all body hair every morning."

"Really.  I must ask him why.  It seems like a strange thing to me, but I must
admit you look real good bald." and he gave a laugh.

Strangely I didn't feel embarrassed by that.  Instead I also found it funny and
laughed right along with him.

"Just call me the bald stud." I remarked, which broke him right up.

"Have you given or taken it up the back end yet?" he asked.

I found this one a little embarrassing so turned a little pink.

"Ah, yes Rich I have done both."

"Would you be willing to let me do you, Rob?  You can do me if you like."  he
said hesitatingly.

"Rich, I belong to you tonight, I will do whatever you want me to do.   If it
pleases you I will be happy to do it."

"No Rob, I don't operate that way.   You must agree because it is what you want,
not what I want.   Everything we do must be mutually agreeable or I don't want
it.  I am not into the Master/slave thing.  I am not against it, I am just not
into it.   I want to make love with you, Rob, not a slave, and I would love to
have you make love with me."

I was stunned.  This was the same way that William treated me.  But I had a
problem,  the Master had forbidden me to rise above my slave status.  To do so
meant the whip, the belt, the cage or maybe something even worse.  What was I
going to do?

"Rich, I am a slave.  The Master would be very angry with me should I try to
rise above what I am."  I said sadly.

He looked at me for a few moments, contemplating the problem.

"So you are only permitted to obey my commands, is that correct?"

"Yes Rich, as long as they will not cause serious injury to myself or other's."

"Mmmmm.... Well then, I order you to be just Rob, not Rob the slave.  And stay
that way until you leave this apartment in the morning.  There now that should
take care of that little problem."

"I hope so Rich, I hope so." I answered still a little worried.

"Well then would you like me to make love to you?" he asked tenderly.

"Yes Rich, I would like it very much." I replied.

We moved together, our lips joining in a passionate kiss.  Our hands became very
busy again, rubbing and exploring.   When we drew apart he explained that he
wanted to face me so that we could kiss and see each other.  So I rolled over
onto my back.  

He crawled over to the bed edge and opened the drawer on the bedside table.  He
removed a tube of lube and came back to me.  I raised my legs up and opened them
wide for him.

He squirted some lube around my pucker and onto his fingers.   He gently worked
his finger round the hole and then inserted the forefinger.  It slipped right in
with no resistance.  He moved it around a bit to lube the insides, then inserted
a second finger.  This one also slipped in with almost no resistance.

"Has someone been in here recently Rob?" he asked.

"Yes, last night Rich, the Master had a party and I was part of the
entertainment committee."

"Well I don't think you need any more loosening up, your pretty loose."

"The guy that did me had a pretty thick cock."

He shuffled up close and had me lift my legs up over my head but keeping then
wide apart.  I felt him brush his cock head against my little pink love nest. 
Mind you with all my hair gone, it probably looked more like the hole in the
dike then a nest.

He rimmed my hole for a few moments with the head of his beautiful dick.   Then
he pushed it in.  It slid in right up to his nuts on the first push.  

"Oh Rob, your loose but tight at the same time.  What a feeling, your insides
are so hot against my rod.  Oh yeah, man that feels sooooooooo good."

Well if it felt good to him it felt fantastic to me.   He started a slow
thrusting in and out.  Each time he hit my prostate and it sent thrills through
me.  He bent over and kissed me.  The only one that had ever done this to me
before was William.   The kiss changed the whole thing from just an erotic,
lustful fuck into something more.  Something deeper.  A joining of our spirits
in a quest for mutual pleasure and respect.

I was falling in love again.   Rich was so gentle, yet so strong as he made love
to me.  His cock slid in an out of my glory hole, striking my prostate filling
me with wonderful feelings, while our tongues embraced.  My cock had risen, and
was being stimulated by the movement of his abs as he thrust in and out of me.

I was floating away on a cloud to a magical land were all was peace and love. 
Multicoloured lights seemed to dance around behind Rich like an aura.  His
features became blurred and all I could see was the multicoloured lights
silhouetting a golden Adonis.   My king, my ruler, my lover.

The waves of pleasure emanating from my ass pussy were taking me higher and
higher on this natural high.   Shafts of golden light began to stream from his
golden body.   Shooting out in all directions, bathing me in his glory, while
his hard shaft continued to pound away at my insides.

Loud screams of pleasure escaped from my dry lips.   Echoing off the walls,
reverberating around the room only to join with my next exultation of joy and
pleasure.   I was gasping for air, sweat was pour from my body as it arched and
tried to meet the thrusts of my lover.

Suddenly, ....Rich, .....the room, ......everything disappeared in a flash of
brilliant white light.   All the secrets of the world were revealed to me for
just a fraction of a second.   My heart and brain screamed out in joy, and my
balls opened up and released their load all over the two of us. 

The pounding in my glory hole increased as Rich began to unload his man juice. 
As I began to slowly return to reality I could hear his moans of pleasure
getting louder and louder.    Just as his moans were getting louder so too was
my ability to focus on him.   A beautiful man, pounding his swollen love stick
in and out of my ass pussy.  The light from the room, shimmered and reflected
from his gorgeous, sweat covered body.  A tear formed in my eye,  a tear of joy,
that I could be so loved by an almost total stranger.

When he was finally spent, he rolled over and dropped down beside me on the bed.  
We were both too drained to move.   This had been the most intense thing I had
ever experienced.   I closed my eyes and tried to concentrate on getting my
breathing back to normal.   My heart was still racing a mile a minute in my
chest.  It felt like it was going to burst and fly out through my ribs at any
moment.

His hand found mine and grasped it tightly as we both lay there gasping for air.  
As my breathing returned to normal my eyes closed and I drifted off to sleep. 

I awoke 2 hours later,  my bladder was making it known in no uncertain terms
that it wanted relief.   The lights were still on and Rich was snoring softly
beside me.

I eased my way carefully to the side of the bed not wanting to wake him.   I
made my way, naked, to the bathroom and gave my bladder the relief it wanted.

This bathroom was even bigger than the other's I had been in.  It had all of the
things mine did, only they were all larger.   The whirlpool looked like it could
accommodate 15 or 20 wild bodies. 

It had something different from the other bathrooms though, a glass door was set
into the wall,  in approximately the same spot in my bathroom where the enema
table was stored.   Curious, I went over and looked in.   The room was dark so I
opened the door.  I found a light switch just inside and flicked it.

I was amazed, it was a mini gym.  On one side a complete set up for Rich to
continue his weight lifting program while a guest of the Master's.

I flicked the light off and went back to the bathroom.   The whirlpool looked so
inviting.   I figured Rich was still asleep so I removed the cover and set the
timer for 20 minutes.  Just as I was about to climb in I had second thoughts. 
Maybe I should check on Rich, he may be awake now and waiting for me to return.

I quickly headed back to the bedroom.  Rich was sitting up and turned to look at
me as I entered.

"Hi Rich," I said.  "I just set up the whirlpool and came in to find out if you
would like to join me."

"Hey that sounds like a great idea." he said, as he shifted over and off the
bed. 

I took his hand, leaned close and gave him a gentle kiss on the lips.

"Have a nice sleep?" I asked.

"Yeah, I did.  You damned near wore me out." he laughed.

I of course turned a little red and then laughed with him.  We went over and
climbed down into the whirlpool.  I pushed the start button and the hot water
started swirling around bodies.

I sat back, Rich did the same right beside me, our bodies touching.  We let our
heads lay back into the head cushions and closed our eyes.  

It didn't take long before Rich's hands got the wanderlust, and began to rub my
leg.   It felt so good, the hot water swirling around and a hand gently kneading
my thigh.

I let him go on for a while and then reciprocated.  My dick, sensing that fun
and games might be in the offing, began to rise.  Rich's hand kept moving
farther and farther up my thigh until it reached the join between the thigh and
the pubic bone.

His hand then just naturally slipped down and started to caress my nuts.  I gave
a little moan of pleasure, it felt so good.   He then let his hand wander up and
soon it was wrapped around the shaft of my now throbbing dick.

While his hand was busy exploring me, mine was busy exploring him.
His cock was at full attention and I was fingering the big, purple head.  
Little moans and gasps of pleasure kept escaping from his lips. 

We kept playing our little hand games for a while, our heads back, just enjoying
the sensations.   The lust had finally caught up with me though and I needed
more.   

I sat up, leaned over, placing my lips on his.   He opened his lips, inviting my
hot tongue in for a visit.   Our tongues met, rubbing each other in a little
rhapsody of the tongues.   As we continued to suck tongue and play with each
others dicks my breathing became very rapid.   I wanted to fuck his ass, I
wanted to try and give him the same pleasure he had given me earlier.

The whirlpool buzzer started to buzz softly. 

"Let's get back to the bedroom to finish this Rich."  I suggested.

He agreed, we climbed out, I turned off the pump then quickly placed the cover
back on.   We had a quick shower to remove the whirlpool soap, dried our selves
and headed for the bed.

Our dicks had started to droop a little from lack of attention, but it didn't
take much to get them rock hard again.

I didn't have to tell or ask Rich to do anything.  He moved to the centre of the
bed and raised his legs.  I grabbed lube from the floor where he had tossed it
earlier.

I lubed his hole and my fingers and began to gently loosen his back door.  He
was very tight.  I wondered if he had ever had a cock stuffed in here before. 
It took a while, working my forefinger around before it felt loose enough to try
and get a second finger up.

The second finger went in, but again it was tight, and Rich gave a little
grimace of pain as it went in.

"Has anyone ever been in here before Rich?" I asked

"Ah,  no Rob.  I have always been a top."

"Are you really sure you want me to do this?" I asked.   "I am just as happy
sucking."

"Yes Rob, I am sure.  I have been waiting for just the right person to do it. 
You are the one, Rob."

I didn't know what to say.   I was astounded.   This very rich, very important
man in the business world, has been saving his cherry, for me.  I could only
hope that I wouldn't let him down.

"Thank you." I said with all the feeling I could muster.

All the while my two fingers were moving around and around, in and out,
loosening his love hole.   I squirted some more lube around the hole and kept 
working my fingers.   It was time to try and get a third finger in.  

Again it was tight and he grimaced in pain as it went in.   I worked the fingers
around, stretching the muscle so it would open easily as my cock was pushed
against it.

My fingers were now moving around with almost no resistance.  I felt it might be
ok to try and get my throbbing dick in.  I had never taken a cherry, in fact
this would only be the third time my cock had been in an ass pussy.   I was very
inexperienced and unsure of what I was doing.

I pulled my fingers out, squirted some lube onto my hand and tossed the tube off
the bed.   I wrapped my hand quickly around my shaft, applying the lube.  Mind
you I had so much precum dripping out I probably didn't need the lube.

I shifted up to Rich's thighs, the head of my dick rubbed against his love hole.   
I shifted positions just a little more and then began to push my throbbing love
stick into Rich's hot interior. 

I remembered that when William had taken my cherry he worked just the head in
and out a bit before going in deeper.   I copied his moves.   The look on Rich's
face told me that he was enjoying this.  I pushed in a little deeper, pushed in
and out, in a little deeper, pushed in and out.  I kept doing this until my
entire shaft was balls deep in the warmth of Rich's inner sanctum.

I then began a slow, rhythmic thrusting, all the way in, all the way out.  I
wasn't sure if I was hitting his prostate or not.  He did not give any sign of
it, if I was.  I was now worried that I was not doing a good enough job.  

I decided to try and change the angle of attack my cock took on the inward
thrust.   On my third try, Rich gave a loud gasp and moan of pleasure.  I had
found his prostate.  I made sure I hit it on every thrust from then on.

I had settled into a steady rhythm, my hands went to his beautiful pecs and
rubbed back and forth over the hair.  He was moaning softly and rocking his head
from side to side.  I then grasped both nipples between thumb and forefinger and
began to pinch and massage them.  He moaned louder.

I bent over and placed my lips on his and we began to kiss, while I continued to
thrust and play with his nipples.   He was in heaven.  My only wish was that he
was getting as much pleasure as he had given me.

I sat back up, he was beginning to get covered in sweat, his breathing had
turned to rasps and gasps.  His head was moving from side to side faster and
faster and moans of pleasure escaped through lips gone dry.

"Oh yes fuck me Rob.  Drive that big rod deep into my guts.  Fuck me, oh man
fuck me."  he screamed out suddenly.

"Harder, harder, drive that stick deeper, deeper.  Oh, fuck that feels good. 
Ohhhh."

He was very close to shooting his wad.  I increased the pace and still he
screamed for more.  His arms came up and pulled me down.  His mouth opened and
his tongue was like a wild monster flying around inside my mouth.   He tried to
ram it down my throat but it wasn't long enough.

His hands were moving up and down my back, fingers squeezing, digging in, he had
become a wild animal in full animalistic lust.   He was going to cum, and cum
hard.

All this time my own lust had been growing and growing.  I was not far from
delivering the payload myself.  In fact I was trying very hard to hold off until
Rich began.  It had become very important to me that we experience this
together.

"Oh fuck yes." he screamed out.

I saw his balls lifting and knew he was going to cum.  I wrapped my hand around
his dick and started wanking it in time with my thrusting.   

"Aaaaaaaggggggghhhhhhhhh." he screamed out as he began shoot his load high into
the air.

I was taken completely by surprise and almost lost the rhythm.   I had never
seen cum shoot so far.  It went way up above my head and came back down landing
smack dab in the middle of his hairy chest.   Another spasm and another load
went flying up.  This time he sat up a bit trying to catch it in his mouth.  He
missed and it got him square between the eyes.

My own load had begun to shoot but it was nowhere near the intensity of the
earlier one.   I just kept thrusting hard, mesmerized by the sight of Rich's
load shooting so high and then him trying to catch it.  It was as he was about
to shoot his fourth load that I came to my senses, bent over a bit, trying to
get my own mouth in line to catch the next one.

I almost succeeded.   It shot up and caught me on the upper lip between my open
mouth and my nose.  I sat back up and licked it off as it dripped down.

Rich shot four more fairly strong loads but the strength diminished and finally
he gave an almost dry shot and it was over.  He lay there gasping for air as I
bent forward and licked his precious man juice from his hairy chest.   After his
chest I moved up and licked his face clean.   He was still breathing pretty hard
so I lay down beside him.

When our systems had returned to normal we went back to the bathroom and had a
good, long shower, soaping each other down, then rinsing.

We then dried each other with the big fluffy towels, which always seemed to be
in abundance.   We walked back to the bed, hand in hand.  Together we pulled
back the comforter from the bed and let it drop to the floor.   Pulled back the
blankets and sheets, then climbed in.  We cuddled up, gave each other a kiss
then fell asleep.

When I awoke, the room was just starting to get light.  The sun had not climbed
over the horizon yet so it was not past 5 am.   I was careful not to wake Rich
as I climbed out of bed.  I headed for the bathroom to empty my bladder.

I was going to have to have a cleansing, but had never done it by myself, in
fact I didn't even know if it was possible to do it yourself.   While I was
pondering this I noticed an intercom button beside the mirror over the sink. 
Well I thought it is worth a try.

I went over and pushed it.

"Yes Sir, Andy speaking, how may I help you Sir?" came a disembodied voice.

I pushed the button again and answered.

"It is Rob, Andy, a new slave.  I have to have a cleansing but don't know how to
do it by myself.   Is there anyone that could help me?"

"Oh, hi Rob, yeah, I will send a couple of guys over right away.   They will
meet you in the bathroom."

"Thanks Andy." I responded.

A few moments later to young men entered through the gym door.  They went  to
the wall on the other side of the door, pressed something and a door slid open. 
Inside was an enema table.

It only took them a few minutes to get everything set up.  We didn't talk much
except for those things required to proceed with the cleansing.  We were slaves
and not permitted to talk except for the Master's business.

I climbed on the table and the cleansing commenced.   The 3rd bottle had just
started when Rich entered the bathroom.  His eyes were puffy from sleep and he
stopped with a startled look on his face.

"What the.....?" he didn't finish.

"Good morning Sir." I said.

"Everyone that lives in the mansion must have a cleansing first thing every
morning.   I am just about half way through."

"Every morning?" he asked bewildered.

"Yes Sir.  It is very important that we always be clean.   The enema ensures
that, besides once you get used to it, it is a great way to start the day, Sir."

"Mind if I watch?" he asked.

"Not at all, Sir." I lied.

He asked me all kinds of questions, like what it felt like, how bad were the
cramps, did I still have to have a regular bowel movement, etc.

After it was all over and the lads were cleaning the equipment, he was still
asking questions.

"Would you like to try it, Sir?"  I asked.

"Ah......," he hesitated.  "Yeah, why not.  It should be interesting."

"We would have to tie you down, Sir." I said. 

"The cramps can be pretty bad the first time.  They were for me, after that they
just got less and less, now I barely feel them."

"That's ok, let's do it."  he said.

The guys heard and they got everything ready again.  Rich jumped up on the table
and I fastened the cuffs.  I sure hope the Master doesn't get pissed at me for
doing this, I thought.   Oh, well if I'm making a mistake I'll get punished, too
late now to cry over spilt milk.

In no time at all we had the enema bag running in him.   The first bag emptied
and all he felt was a bit full and a slight need to dump.  Then the second bag
started.   It was half way through when he got the first cramp.

He let out a yell and tried to grab his gut, but his wrists were secured and he
couldn't do it.  I placed a hand on his abdomen and began to rub gently, while
talking soothingly to him.   Explaining that the cramps were from all the crude
being lifted free from his intestinal walls.

His cramping was becoming more regular as the 2nd bag emptied.   The third bag
was hooked up and the flow started.   I continued to rub his abdomen, this
seemed to give him a bit of relief.

"You......aaaa...do...aaa .. thi...s aa... e..ver..y...aaaa... morning." he
managed to grunt out.

"Yes Sir, every morning."

"How aa... the hel..aah..l ..can you.. ahaaa .... stand it.  Ahhaaa."

"Like I said Sir, it only cramps this bad the first time.   When we do the
rinse, you will see a big difference.  There will be some cramping, but not much
and nowhere near as bad as what you are feeling right now."

"I aaahh ..... hope .aaah.. y... our ...ahh ..righ... t." he said.  I think he
wanted to say more but it was just too difficult to talk.

The 3rd bag was finally emptied and the 5 minute timer was started.  I continued
to rub his abdomen.  The guys unfastened his restraints and started rubbing
first his arms and then his legs.  Although he was still experiencing the cramps
he didn't try to double up.

It was finally time for the plug to be pulled.   The look of relief on his face
when the first volley shot out his ass into the container, was something to
behold.

He gave me a big smile and then another spasm hit and he dumped again.  It
didn't take long to fill the container and it was replaced.  

After he was emptied, it was time to start the rinse.   It went well and he was
relieved that the cramps were not too bad at all.

While the lads cleaned up again, we jumped into the whirlpool.   We lay with our
heads back listening to the water swirl and the sounds of the lads cleaning the
equipment.

After a while I noticed that all I could hear was the water.  I opened my eyes
and  looked around the room.  Both of the young men had left.

"How are you feeling Rich." I asked softly.

"To be perfectly honest Rob, I am in heaven.   I don't think I ever want to
leave this.   That enema sure does make one feel great.   I am going to have to
start this routine daily as well."

He leaned over and we kissed.   We were still kissing when the whirlpool buzzer
sounded.   We reluctantly broke the kiss and got out.

I turned off the whirlpool pump and together we put the lid on.   He then
reached over and grabbed me by my fully erect dick and pulled me to the shower.  

In the shower we soaped each other taking an excessively long time to wash each
other's jewels.   We were both throbbing now and dripping precum.  After rinsing
good I got down on my knees and took his dick in my mouth.  He stood there
moaning, the hot water beating down on his back, while my hot mouth beat down on
his dick.

He only managed 3 shots, I guess that ass fuck last night must have really
drained his balls.  I stood up and gave him a kiss.  His strong arms went around
me and pulled me close.  We kissed for a bit and he turned me around so I was
under the shower head.

He got down on his knees and took my still throbbing cock in his mouth.  He
spent the first few minutes just sucking and licking the head.   It was driving
me wild, he knew just how to turn me on.   Then he impaled his face on my shaft. 
From there it was all up hill as he began to fuck his face on my shaft.

It didn't take long before my balls decided to give up their payload.   I
managed 5 good strong squirts down his throat.   Well not quite all 5 went down
his throat.  He stood up to give me a kiss and when our mouths joined he
squirted my mouth full of my own cum.

I washed it around for a few seconds then squirted it back to him.  We did this
back and forth half a dozen times before  we each swallowed half of it.

I then explained that I had to shave my body and wondered if he would like to do
it.   His eyes lit up and  he said yes.

I went over to the medicine cabinet and got out a disposable razor and the mug
of shaving soap.  In the cupboard below the sink I picked up a shaving brush.  I
headed back to the shower. 

Rich soon had shaving cream brushed all over my chest and abs.  For the next 20
minutes or so, Rich had a ball shaving me all over.  

When he was finished we dried then went to the sink and each of us shaved our
own beards.

When we got back to the bedroom I saw right away that someone had been in and
made the bed.   My slave outfit was lying neatly on the bed, as were Rich's
clothes from last night.  They had been strewn all over the living room where we
threw them.

It didn't take me long to get dressed.  Rich ignored the things from last night
and went to the cupboard and took out a whole new outfit.  

We were both dressed and preparing to leave the suite.

"Rich," I said softly.  "I really enjoyed last night.  I think you were right,
if we had met before my coming here, we would have made a very good team.  I
could have had a very happy life with you."  A tear was falling down my cheek.

He lifted one of his big strong hands and brushed it away.

"Life is cruel sometimes Rob, very cruel.   You are fortunate though, you have a
great home here where I know you will be very happy.  Maybe someday, Jake will
let us spend another night together.  At least it is a hope to hold on to."  he
leaned towards me and we kissed our farewell."

I hated to pull away.   I didn't want to walk out into that hallway and end what
had taken place in this suite.   But reality soon set in, I was the personal
property of Master Scott, only his wishes and desires were important. 

Our lips parted, we shook hands, opened the door and walked into the hallway. 
John was sitting on a bench not too far from the room.

"I guess I am supposed to join John, Sir," I said.

"Good bye and thank you." I said sincerely

"I will never forget you Rob." he said.

John stood as we approached.  I looked  Rich in the eye, mine were not the only
ones with tears.  I stopped beside John and Rich carried on down the hall, not
looking back.

I watched has he walked away, tears streaming down my cheeks.  He finally
turned, opened a door and disappeared.  I completely broke down.  John grabbed
hold of me and hurried me to the elevator.

Back in my apartment John held me tight, while I tried to work through my grief. 
He whispered soothing words in my ear to help me through the heartache.

I finally settled down enough to explain that I had fallen deeply in love again. 
I was now head over heels in love with two different men.  I loved them both
equally.  I wanted to spend the rest of my life with them both.

"Well Rob you will just have to learn to live with it.   You really don't have
much choice."

"Well let's collect Erin and Ed and go for breakfast.  No use brooding on it. 
Looks like you had a great night so think about that instead." he said.

"Yeah, your right." I answered.  Let's go."

After breakfast John and I went back to my apartment.   We had the rest of the
day off to do what we pleased.

John suggested we go down to the Mansion Gym for a good work out.  I had been
here for two weeks and really needed to get back to a gym, so I agreed readily.

We spent the morning in the Gym, then went for a long run around the mansion
perimeter, a distance of exactly 5 miles John informed me.

After lunch we went to the mansion pool and fooled around like a couple of kids. 
I returned to my room at around 3 PM and stretched out on the bed for a nap. 

At 3:30 the buzzing of the intercom woke me.  It took a few seconds for the fog
to lift and realize that it was the intercom.  I pushed the button.

"Yes Sir." I said

"Ah Rob, finally.  It's Josh from wardrobe here.   Been trying to reach you all
day.   I have your clothes for tomorrow ready and want to bring them up, will
that be ok?"

"Yes." I answered, a bit confused.

"Ok, be right up."

My clothes for tomorrow?  What clothes for tomorrow?   Oh no, he wasn't going to
take me out on another one of his damned outings I prayed silently.

About 5 minutes later there was a knock at the door.  I gave the "come on in"
and Josh came in carrying a coat hanger with an outfit covered by flimsy plastic
in one hand.  In the other he had a small bag.

"Hi Rob, good to see you again.  Let's go in the bedroom so I can show you what
I've brought."

Without waiting for me to agree he proceeded straight to the bedroom and lay the
outfit carefully down.   He handed me  the bag.

"That's got underwear and socks."

"Ah, ok." I said taking it from him and placing it by my pillow.

He carefully peeled the plastic off the outfit and I nearly fainted.   It was
normal clothes.   Normal clothes of the highest quality as well.   It consisted
of a pair of light gray slacks, a short sleeve pullover shirt in baby blue with
a dolphin embroidered on the pocket. 

"For foot wear you will find a pair of white loafers in your cupboard.   Be sure
to wear the white ones, Master's orders."

"This will be the first time I have had normal clothes since I got here, Josh. 
Do you know where I am going?"  I asked hopefully.

"No I don't and wouldn't tell you if I did Rob.  It is none of my business."  he
said rather curtly.

Guess I better be careful with my questions in the future, I thought. 

"Sorry, Josh.  I am still very new at this whole thing.  It won't happen again."
I apologized.

"It's ok, Rob.  I understand."

We talked about other things for a few minutes and then he was gone.   I picked
up the outfit and hung it in the cupboard.  I then picked up the bag of
underwear and socks.   I was going to just place it on a little shelf in the
cupboard, but for some reason opened it and looked inside.

I dropped the bag and screamed.

"NO.  NO FUCKING NO."

When I finally settled down I bent over and picked the bag up.  I pulled out the
white silk panties and socks.   They had little red kissy lips all over them.  
I wouldn't want to be caught dead in them.  Then I remembered that I would be
wearing slacks and they would cover both the underwear and the socks.   I didn't
feel quite so bad about it then.  Little did I know.

After putting the damned panties and socks away I stretched back out on the bed.  
I had just closed my eyes when there was a knock on my door.

"Come in." I yelled, as I got up off the bed.

As I walked into the living room, William was just closing the door.

"Hi William, it is so good to see you." I said happily.

"Hi Rob, I hear you had a fun night last night."

"Yes it was, Richard Johnson has been my idol for years and now I find he is
human as well." I answered.

"Yeah, he is a great guy." he said, hesitated for a moment then,  "I came down
to find out if you would like to have dinner with me and ...ah.... whatever
might come up afterwards?"

My heart skipped a beat, oh yes William, oh yes, oh yes, oh yes, I said to
myself.

Out loud I said,  "I think that would be great William, I would love to."

We had a great dinner and I wasn't  surprised by what came up afterwards.   I
just had me a hell of a great time playing with it.

I returned to my apartment at a quarter after 4 in the morning.   I was already
in the bathroom and had the enema table set up when John arrived to help me with
my cleansing.

After the cleansing was completed and John had left, I shaved my beard and
brushed my teeth.   Then it was into the bedroom to get dressed.  I would have
rather gone bare foot and bare assed then wear those socks and panties, but had
no choice.  

I slipped the panties on and was surprised at how good they felt.  Shit no
wonder women always wore them.  They caress the jewels.  The socks on the other
hand were a whole different matter.   I didn't like the little kissy lips and I
didn't like the feel of them on my feet. 

I pulled on the slacks, pulled up the zipper and fastened the belt.  I pulled
the shirt over my head and pulled it down over the slacks.   After slipping into
the loafers I walked over to the mirror.  After two weeks of nakedness, near
nakedness and weird outfits, I finally looked the old Rob.  Actually I looked a
hundred times better than the old Rob.  There was something definitely different
about me, but I wasn't sure what it was.

I went back to the bathroom and ran the brush through my hair a few times and
figured I was now ready to face the world.

The intercom buzzer went off, filling the apartment with its bzzzzzzzzzzz.   I
pushed the button beside the mirror.

"Yes Sir." I answered

"Rob, Eric here.  The Master wants you to report to the office at 8 am sharp."

"Thank you Eric, will be there." I replied.

I glanced at the clock, it was 5 minutes before 6 am.  In two hours I would find
out what kind of horror the Master had up his sleeve for me today.   There was
no doubt in my mind, nice clothes or not, this day was going to be a horror.  
Those silk kissy lips panties and socks said so, loud and clear.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com  or  elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Hum

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com  or  elder@fetchmail.com

Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 25

Another Outing

At 5 minutes before 8 am I entered Eric's office.   I was just going to go down
on my knees when Eric stopped me.

"No kneeling today, Rob.  Master's orders.  Take a chair instead."

"Thank you Eric." I said, and sat myself down to await my fate.

At precisely 8am the intercom buzzer sounded.  The Master's voice filled the
small office.

"Send Rob in Eric."

"Yes Sir." Eric replied.

I didn't need to be told.  I got up and made my way into the Master's office.  I
entered, closed the door and just stood there waiting for my orders.

The Master and Henry were both sitting at his desk working on something.

Without looking up he called to me.

"Come on over and pull up a chair Rob."

I went to the wall and grabbed a chair and pushed it over to the front of the
desk and sat down.

"Going to put you back into the computer programming business Rob." the Master
said looking up at me and smiling.

"I'll bet your happy to hear that?"

"If it pleases you Sir, then yes it makes me very happy, Sir."  I replied.

"Here take this project outline and read it very carefully.  You are going to be
the senior programer and the manager for this project.  At 10 am we will be
going downtown to meet with some of the folks that will be working for and with
you.  Make sure you are well versed on all the requirements."  he said as he
handed me a manila folder.

"Yes Sir." I said.

I opened the folder and found a 60 page outline for the project.  I settled back
in the chair and began to read.  Before I reached the end of the first paragraph
I realized I was going to need a pen to make notes.

"Excuse me Sir, but could I have a pen to make notes, Sir."  I asked.

"Oh yeah, sorry.  Here you go."  he said tossing me a ball point.

So for the next two hours I read, reread and read again the outline.   I had
filled the margins with notes.  Circled appropriate bits and pieces that I would
need when discussing the thing.   By the time he said it was time to go I felt
very confident I could hold my own in any discussion about the project.

We left the mansion immediately.  This time I was permitted to sit in one of the
fold down seats.  As we drove along, the Master asked for my thoughts on the
project and asked me questions.  I answered to the best of my ability and it
seemed he was satisfied. 

Then he explained that I was to be prepared to give a 30 minute briefing on why
the corporation should undertake and complete this project.  The entire board of
directors of his corporation would be there as well as all the people that would
work on the project.  I would have to do it with out notes, standing on a stage.

That threw me a bit, but once the initial shock wore off I felt I would be able
to handle it ok.   After all, I had walked around this city half naked and won
the dick dance in front of 600 or more demented fags, how hard could it be to
deliver a simple address to some business men.

Our destination, as it turned out was the S&H Computer building.  My heart
skipped a beat, would I get to see Rich, I wondered.   Oh I suddenly felt so
warm inside.

We went up to the 4th floor.   There was a large conference room and it was full
of young men.  A large conference table filled the centre of the room and the
Master made straight for the head of that table.  He sat down and indicated I
was to sit beside him.

Everyone scrambled for their seats.  The Master brought the meeting to order.  
It was an open discussion about the project and the various responsiblilites for
the different phases.   He made it clear to one and all that I was to be the
overall manager for the project. 

At 12 noon the Master adjourned the meeting and everyone headed up to the 5th
floor for lunch.   Just before we got up to follow the others, the Master told
me I would be making my presentation at 1:30.  

Lunch went well, I was treated just the same as everyone else present.   I sat
at the same table as the Master and Henry.  I hadn't seen Rich and so figured he
was not part of this project.

After lunch we went back to the 4th floor.  Instead of the conference room we 
entered a large auditorium.  It was much like a small theatre.   The Master said
we would wait at the back until everyone was seated.

I was feeling really good about the whole thing.   It had all gone so well.  No
embarrassements, no centre shots,  he just treated me like all the other guys. 
How could I have misjudged him, I wondered.

"Rob we will be going down soon.  Henry and I will be in the front row.   You
will go right up onto the stage, the mic is already set up.   Remember, you are
the expert, you are the project manager.  Convince my board to accept this
project." he said to me with confidence.

"Yes Sir, I will do my very best, Sir."  I replied, but was scared shitless.

Finally everyone was seated and we started down the isle into the theatre. 
Heads all turned to watch our progress, I was very nervous.   There had to be 2
to 3 hundred people in attendance.   It was my job to convince them the project
was a good one.  Sweat began to break out on my brow.

When we reached the first row, the Master and Henry took their seats and I
walked up to the stairs that would take me onto the stage, all alone.   I took a
deep breath and climbed the stairs.   The mic, which was up front and stage
centre seemed a long, long ways away.  As I walked out onto the stage the
audience gave a polite applause.

"Mr Scott, Honourable members of the board, distinguished guests, gentlemen." I
began, hoping I had included everyone.

The sweat was pouring off my brow now and some dripped into my eye,  I brought
my hand up and brushed it away. 

"I have been......" I began but was interupted by the Master.

"Excuse me Rob, but it is awfully warm in here.  It must be really unbearable
under those lights, I think it would be a good idea if you removed your shirt."

Oh damn, he isn't.  He wouldn't.  He is going to make me strip while I give this
speech.  I knew it was too good to be true, I just knew it.  My dick knew it too
and began to rise.  In no time at all it would be showing through the slacks.

"Ah...yes Sir." I said, pulling my shirt up and over my head. 

There was no where to put it so I just let it drop to the floor.

"Ah I think you will feel much cooler now." he said in that fatherly voice I
hated.

So up on the stage in front of all these business people I tried to begin again. 
I was now visibly nervous.  I could feel my knees shaking.

"I have been given the honour......."  I started my delivery.

I had been talking steadily for about 10 minutes.  My shaking had stopped and my
dick had settled down.   I was really into it, it seemed that I had the audience
hanging on to every word.   Then the Master decided to play another of his
games.

"Ah.... excuse me Rob,"  he called out.   "Sorry to interupt, but I am worried
about you.  Look at the sweat pouring off your body.   It must be terribly hot
up there under those lights.   I think you should remove you pants Rob.  The air
circulating around your legs will help cool you down." 

Tears filled my eyes instantly.  My legs began to shake again and my dick rose
right up and saluted him.   The moment I pulled down those pants and these guys
saw those undies, nothing I said would convince then this project was worth
while.

The Master was looking at me with his steel black eyes and I knew it was take
off the pants or I would be suffering a lot of pain later tonight.

I undid the belt, pulled down the fly and undid the waist button.  I pushed the
pants right down.   The audience did not react right away, I think maybe they
were all stunned by the fact the project manager was wearing silk kissy lip
panties.   Then the laughter began.   It was uproarious.   Wolf whistles and
jeers followed.

I went red, thought I was going to throw up.  It took all my will power to hold
back the gorge creeping up my throat.  My dick, however was in seventh heaven.  
It had pushed out and made a nice tent in the front of the panties.  I slipped
the pants off from around my ankles and placed them neatly on top of the shirt.

Almost in a trance I walked back to the mic.  I had to do some quick thinking to
try and remember where I had been in my talk.  I thought what the hell, this
project would never be approved.  It was never intended to be approved.   This
was one great big setup to get me on this stage wearing these fucking panties. 
What could I do?   It was what the Master wanted and what the Master wanted the
Master got.

I started in again from where I thought I had left off.  I felt rediculous.  My
dick was throbbing and bouncing inside the panties.   The tent was moving around
and must have made me look a real fool.

Precum had saturated the front of the panties and was oozing through.  It had
started drippin off the panties and I could hear a lot of snickering in the
audience.  Fuck'em I thought to myself and went on with my talk.  That was
easier said then done.   I was still red and shaking.

"...........corportation would only benefit.  Thank you."  and my talk was
finished.

The Master stood up and started clapping his hands and shouting bravo, bravo.  
The rest of the audience followed his lead and soon everyone was standing and
shouting bravo, bravo. 

I didn't know what I was supposed to do.  Should I pick up my clothes and walk
off to the wings and get dressed.  That is what I wanted to do, but I had to
wait for the Master.  What did he want me to do.   It would seem from the way
things were going that he wanted me to stay right where I was, so that's what I
did.

The audience finally settled down and everyone took their seats.  The Master
made his way to the stairs and up onto the stage.   He walked over towards me
and stopped when he was at the mic.

"You know Rob, you really are one sorry piece of shit." he spit out while
looking at me.

"You just can't keep your cock under control can you?"

"No Sir." I whispered, tears falling down my cheeks again.

"No matter where I take you, you end up with your cock bouncing around in
public.   Always showing it off.   Well I think you have teased all these nice
people enough.   Why don't you remove those rediculous panties and let us see
your little wiener."

Tears rolling down my cheeks, sweat pouring off me, my dick throbbing, I put my
thumbes inside the briefs and slid them down.   My dick popped out at once and a
long, silver string of precum went sailing across the stage.

Once they were off, I dropped them beside my pants.   I stood there naked except
for my loafers and silk socks.  Waiting for the next humiliation.  It wasn't
long in coming.  The Master was speaking to the audience, can you guess about
what?

"Rob loves to suck cock, if I permitted it he would have a cock in his mouth
every minute of the day and night.   He can't control his need to suck and be
fucked up the ass.  Why, he loves to suck so much, that he trained himself to
suck his own dick.  Yes you heard right, Rob can suck his own cock.  Rob, give
these nice people a demonstration.  But Rob, don't cum."

Unable to do anything else I obeyed.  I lay down on the stage with my head
towards the audience.  I lifted my legs up and over my head bringing my cock
down to my mouth.   I licked the precum off first, then took the head in and
pushed the whole thing down my throat until my balls hit my nose.

I then began a slow fuck of my own face.  A cheer went up from the crowd.  I
guess they had never seen anyone take his own cock all the way down.  It felt so
good I just tuned them all out and  enjoyed it.

The Master gave me a hard slap on the ass.  I yelped, spitting my dick out.

"See what I mean, he loves cock so much, once he has one in his mouth he doesn't
want to let it go.  I don't know what the hell I am going to do with him." he
looked at me and shook his head.

I felt so humiliated, so small, I just wanted to curl up and die.

"Well gentlemen let's hear a big round of applause for our project manager."  he
said and began the clapping.

The crowd clapped, wolf whistled and howled.  I was so confused I didn't know
what to think.   One minute he was berating me, the next he is asking the
audience to applaude me. 

"Pick up your clothes Rob and follow me."  he said heading for the stairs.

I quickly grabed my clothes and followed after him.   My dick was still standing
straight up and leaking precum all over the place.

Down the stairs and up the isle he went with naked old me hurrying after.   The
audience just snickered.   I didn't pay any attention to them.   He went right
out of the theatre into the hallway. 

This wasn't the mansion where everyone  was a slave or master.   This was a
public building in downtown.   The hallway was a public area and I was naked. 
How could he do this to me.   People, thank goodness all men, stopped, stared
and snickered at my condition as I hurried to keep up with him.

He finally walked up to a door, opened it and we entered.   The room looked like
a board room.   He walked up to the front of the room.  There seemed to be an
oil well tower up against the front wall.  As I got closer I realized that what
I was looking  at was not an oil well tower, but a lifeboy's chair.

"Put your clothes on the that little shelf," he said pointing,  "then climb up
into that chair, Rob.  I want you to sit with your arms on the arm rests and
your legs spread wide apart.  You will keep your dick hard by wanking, whenever
it starts to droop.  You will stay in the chair and in that position until I
give you the signal to come down.  Is that clear?"

"Yes Sir." I answered.

"Good.   The signal to come down will be when I turn around and look at you. 
You will then climb down, get on your hands and knees and crawl under the table,
right here." he said indicating an area beside where he would be sitting.

"You will then work your way around under the table, clock wise, sucking the
cock of each and every board member, except for William, Henry and I.  Is that
clear?"

"Yes Sir." 

"You will only have about two hours to accomplish this goal.   You must bring
each one off and be finished before I adjourn the meeting.  If you fail you will
be punished with 40 lashes of the black belt tonight.  That means you will have
to use every trick you have learned so far to make these guys cum quickly.  Is
that clear?"

"Yes Sir."

"Ok up in the chair with you."  he said.

"Yes Sir."

I climbed up into the chair, placed my arms on the arm rests as ordered.   I
spread my legs wide and kept my eyes on the Master.  He went to the table and
sat down. 

I felt terrible, William would be here.  He would see me sitting here on display
with my damned cock waving at everyone.  I wanted to cry.  Why did the Master
keep doing these things to me?

A few minutes later the board members began to file in.   The second board
member to enter was Rich.  His eyes met mine right away and I could see the look
of sadness in them.  A tear sprang to my eyes, I can not tell you how humiliated
I was to have the other man that I loved so deeply see me displayed like a piece
of trash.  

He couldn't take his eyes off me, and worse, his position at the table was at
the far end, opposite the Master, and facing me.   He would have to look at me
all through the meeting.   It dawned on me that the Master was pissed off at the
both of us and this was his way of punishing Rich.

The other board members filed in and took their places.  Some guffawed when they
saw me in the chair.  The last member to enter was William.   He stopped dead in
his tracks when he saw me sitting in that damned chair.  His eyes met mine and I
could see that he was not happy.

Once everyone was seated the Master quickly brought the meeting to order. 

The only item on the agenda was the project and they got right into the nitty
gritty of the whole thing.

As they got deeper and deeper into the discussion, I soon realized that although
I was made to look the fool, these men had actually listened to what I had said. 
They were impressed by the presentation and were certain that the project would
earn the corporation big bucks.  Now when I say big bucks, that is an
understatement.  They were talking of profits in the Billions of dollars.

I became totally immersed in the discussion and a couple of times I wanted to
interject on a point, but realized just in time that I was back to slave status. 
As well, I had no standing in this meeting so would not be permitted to speak in
any case.

Periodically, William would look up at me.   His look seemed to say, "hold on
Rob, it will soon be over."   I wonder if he knew what I had to do before this
meeting was over?

Rich had the floor and was talking about how the project could be incorporated
into the SMART chip.  It was at this point that the Master turned around and
looked directly at me.  I almost missed him for I was concentrating on what Rich
was saying.

I hurried down from the chair, dropped to my hands and knees and crawled to the
table.  The only one who seemed to notice me climb down was Rich.  William was
watching and listening to Rich intently.

I crawled under the table and up between the legs of the man on the immediate
left of the Master. 

I reached up and touched his leg and he gave a little start.  I guess he wasn't
expecting someone to start feeling him up during a board meeting.  Just the same
he spread his legs real quick and I unzipped his fly, reached in and pulled out
his small, cut and flaccid dick. 

I got my head up between his legs and began to lick the head.   It rose almost
right away.  I continued to lick that warm purple head until it was throbbing.  

Not wanting to waste any time I began to seriously fuck my face on his dick.  At
the same time I fingered his balls.   This caused his dick to stiffen even more. 
I worked his cock as fast as I could and it wasn't long before he shot his load
down my throat.   I swallowed it all and licked his dick clean.  Then placed it
back in his pants, zipped him up and went to the next guy.

In my humiliation earlier I may have forgot to tell you that there were 12 board
members plus the Master.  He was number 13, and as Chairman would only vote to
break a tie.   Six sat on the left side of the table, Rich was at the bottom end
and the other 5 sat on the right.  I found out later that Rich was the Vice
Chairman.  Henry sat on the immediate right of the Master and took the minutes. 
William sat to the right of Henry.

It didn't seem to take all that long for me to work my way down to Rich.   When
I touched him on the knee he refused to spread his legs.   I tapped him
urgently, but still he wouldn't spread them.  I didn't know what to do.   The
Master said I had to do everyone except William, Henry and himself.   If Rich
wouldn't let me then I would probably end up getting the 40 lashes. 

I was about to move onto the next guy when suddenly Rich reached under the table
grabbed my arm and pulled me out.

"Rob, you are an intelligent, hard working man.   You are to be the manager of a
billion dollar project, yet you are under this board table sucking the cocks of
all these board members.   I don't think you should be treated this way.   Come
with me and I will look after you and treat you with respect, not disdain." 
Rich pleaded.

"All you have to do is leave with me right now.  Come on."  he started to leave
holding my arm and pulling me along.

I shucked off is arm.

"I am sorry Rich.  I would like to, I really would.   But I signed a contract
with Master Scott and would rather die than break my word."  I said with tears
in my eyes.

I dropped back down to my knees and crawled back under the table.  I heard the
board room door slam as I unzipped the fly of the next member.

As I moved from member to member, the tears were flowing down my cheeks.  I knew
I would never get to spend another night with Rich.   In fact I was guessing I
would never even see him again.   I felt terrible, but I meant what I had said. 
I had signed a contract with the Master and I would live up to my end of the
bargain, I would not let him down.

The last member of the board was cuming down my throat when I heard the Master
starting to wrap up the meeting.   I cleaned the guy off quick and crawled back
over to where I had first started.  I crawled out a bit and looked up at the
Master.   He looked down at me for just a moment and smiled.  He didn't give me
any order so I figured the best thing to do would be to just sit where I was.

He took the final motion to end the meeting and declared it closed.  He leaned
over and looked down at me.

"Go put you clothes on Rob."

"Yes Sir." I answered, scrambling out from under the table.  

It didn't take me long to get everything back on including the soggy panties.  I
was just happy to be dressed again.  My dick though, was still standing as
straight as it had been since the moment he made me remove my pants back on that
stage.

After I was dressed I stayed right where I was.  He would tell me if he wanted
me to move.  William was in a deep discussion with the member that had been
sitting next to him.

"Rob, let's go." the Master said quietly.

I followed him out of the room and down to the limo.  William and Henry were
right behind us.  The ride home was very quiet, not a word was spoken by anyone.  
The Master looked angry.   I had a feeling that he and Rich were going to have
serious words.

The limo pulled up and came to a stop in front of the mansion.  William didn't
wait for Frank to open the door he got out right away and headed for the
mansion.  As Frank was opening the door, the Master spoke to me.

"Rob, the project begins tomorrow.  Report to Henry at normal starting time
tomorrow morning.  He will show you your office and introduce you to your staff. 
You did a good job today Rob, I am very proud of you."  he said as he stepped
out and hurried into the mansion.  For some reason, those words did not make me
feel good.  I felt something was wrong.  I looked at Henry.

"Am I in trouble Henry?" I asked.

"Don't think so Rob, unless you did something you shouldn't have.   But from
what I saw you did a good job today.   I think he is very happy with you." 
Henry answered.

Mmmmmm I thought.  Last time someone told me the Master was happy with what I
had done, I got punished.  Well nothing I can do about it but wait and see.

"Get John to show you the way to my office in the morning, Rob.  Good night." 
Henry said as he climbed out and headed for the mansion.

I climbed out and slowly made my way to my apartment.  I was lost in thought. I
was fairly certain I would never see Rich again.  Perhaps that was for the best,
a slave cannot afford to fall in love with everyone he meets, in fact a slave
cannot afford to fall in love with anyone.  He must always be prepared to serve
his Master.  I was now a slave and I would serve my Master to the very best of
my ability or die trying.

I looked up into the late afternoon sky.

"Good bye, Rich, my love."  I whispered. 

With tears flowing down both cheeks I entered the mansion and went to my room to
have a good cry. 

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com  or  elder@fetchmail.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Hum

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com


Road to Slavery, Road to Life

By Rob

Chapter 26  &  Epilogue

Chapter 26

A Big Change.

The project was into it's 12th week.   Everything was moving along exactly as
planned.  All sections were  on schedule.  The time had just flown by.  I had
only seen the Master once during the entire period.  He  called me to his office
at the beginning of the 8th week for a complete briefing on progress.  He was
very happy with the report and sent me back to my office.   I had not seen him
since.

I still had a feeling that something was wrong.  The Master never took me on
anymore outings.  I was living almost the same as I had prior to becoming a
slave.  John and/or Erin and sometimes Ed would arrive in mornings for the
cleansing.  We would also eat most of our meals together in the slave dining
hall.   Life had taken on a routine.

William asked me to join him for dinner tonight and I had fallin' all over
myself accepting.  William and I were spending more and more time together. 
Last week I had spent the entire weekend with him in his apartment.

At six o'clock I told my secretary, Phil, to get the report we had been working
on down to Eric and I would see him in the morning.  He left with the report
while I began to put away the files we had been using.

I headed straight for William's apartment.   As the elevator door opened onto
his foyer, I gave a suppressed giggle, as I always did lately.  The condom was
still hanging from crystal Mickey's dick and my pouch was still sitting on his
head where it had landed the day of William's return.

Because it was necessary for me to go to various offices downtown during the day
in the performance of my duties, I now wore conservative business suits during
working hours.  I entered William's living room and removed my jacket, laying it
across the back of a chair.

I walked over to the liquor cabinet and poured myself a rye and 7.  This was the
only place other than the formal dining room where alcohol was permitted. 
William had given me permission the first night he was back to help myself
anytime.

I sure needed the drink, it had been a long, grueling day.   It started with one
major problem, which we managed to get fixed in less than an hour, then a whole
bunch of little ones, one right after the other.   By noon hour we were bogged
down with all these little frustrations. 

By four, everything had been cleared up, but I then had to prepare a report
which should have been done first thing in the morning.   Phil stayed and helped
me get it finished.

I sat in William's big easy chair rocker, took a sip of my drink, put my head
back and closed my eyes.  I didn't hear anyone come in or even feel a presence. 
Suddenly the Master's voice almost caused me a heart attack. 

"Hello Rob, how's the project?" he asked.

I was startled, which caused me to jump, spilling my drink onto the floor.

"Ah....right on schedule Sir." I stammered.

"Good.  Did you get the report for the board finished today?"

"Yes Sir.  Phil was going to deliver it to Eric on his way to dinner."

As I answered I went to the bar and picked up a cloth to wipe the floor. Thank
goodness the floor was hardwood.  I wiped up the mess and took the rag and my
empty glass back to the bar.

"Would you care for a drink, Sir." I asked.

"Yes, same as you are drinking." he replied, which gave me permission to refill
my glass.

We carried on with talk about the project until William finally showed up.  He
poured himself a drink and joined us.    The Master's drink was just about gone
as was mine.

"Would you care for a refill, Sir." I asked.

"Yes please, Rob."

Although he hadn't included me in his reply I was going to take a chance that it
was permissible.   I needed another.

I made the drinks and carried them over, handing him his.  He took it and
mumbled thanks as he listened to what William was saying.

It turned out that the Master was joining us for dinner.   William had neglected
to tell me, I thought we were going to have a nice dinner and great sex.  Turned
out that we had a nice dinner and some very important business discussions.

After dinner we adjourned to William's den, I didn't even know he had one.   It
was a cozy, manly place, with wall to wall bookshelves filled to overflowing. 
It looked like these books were not here for show.   Someone read them.

We each sat in a big leather wing chair as one of the serving slaves served the
brandy and then coffee.  We now got down to some very important discussions
about....... well, about yours truly.

After some preliminary questions about things such as: how I felt about being
the personal property of another man;  the contract I had signed;  how I had
been treated;  did I regret having signed the contract, etc., etc., the Master
popped the big question.

"Rob, William would like me to transfer your ownership to him.  He would like
you to fill the role for him that Henry fills for me."  he paused, looking me
straight in the eye.

My heart was pounding so hard I am sure they both could hear it.

"He made this request over a month ago and I have been putting off giving him an
answer.   I was not completely convinced that you are ready for such a role.   I
know you have the potential, I am just not sure you are ready."  he took a sip
of his brandy.

"Well, William has become impatient, as is usual for youth, he wants an answer. 
But the answer can not come from me alone.   Under the current terms of the
contract it is none transferable without your consent."  again he looked deep
into my eyes.

"Rob, would you consent to a transfer of your contract from me to William?" he
asked it point blank.

I was flabbergasted.   It looked like he was actually going to transfer my
ownership to William.

"If it pleases you Master, for me to consent to a transfer of my contract to
Master William and undergo training to be his personal servant, I would gladly
give that consent, Sir." I said.  See I learned my lessons real well.

A smile lit up his face.

"Maybe I have misjudged just how far you really have come, Rob.  Then so be it. 
First thing tomorrow morning the two of you be in my office for the formal
transfer."

Epilogue

My Road to Slavery began 35 years ago, today.   This is the anniversary of that
day the Master yelled at me in the check out line of the supermarket. 

While it is a happy occasion, which I would love to celebrate, today is also a
very sad day.

The Master passed away in his sleep during the night.  He was 76.   Henry came
directly to William's apartment to give us the bad news.    I am now sitting
here holding Henry, also in his 70's,  tightly while he cries on my shoulder.  I
want desperately to sooth his grief, but know I can not succeed.   William has
gone down to talk with the doctor.

As I sit here rocking the grieving Henry, I think back on the past 35 years.  
It has been a wonderful life.   I don't think I could ever have been as happy
had the Master not taken me.  

William and I have lived together in his apartment ever since the day I signed
the transfer papers giving him ownership of my body.  Although William has the
contract, he has never treated me as a slave.   I finished the project and then
was assigned various other positions within The House of Scott business empire.

I was wrong about never seeing Rich again.  He is a very important member of the
board of the House of Scott.   Every once in a while William invites him over
and we have one hell of a, manage et trois.  

The Master handed over the reins of The House of Scott to William 10 years ago. 
Two years later, Rich retired and William elevated me to the position of Vice
President.

John and Erin are still slaves in the House of Scott.  John is the Household
manager and Erin is his assistant.  They were both appointed to these positions
some 18 years ago when old Tony had passed away.  They still live together in
the same appartment they shared when we first met.  We still all get together
for some dandy orgies and sometimes just a nice one on one in the whirlpool.

David has become the First Chef and manager for all House of Scott Food
Services.  It involves much more than just the mansion.   He is a very busy man
with a staff  of over 300 people, 40 of whom are slaves like himself. 

Master Jackson was killed in a automobile accident, 3 weeks before Ed was due to
go back.   Ed decided to transfer his contract to Master Scott.  He and David
had become very, very good friends and the Master had given permission for them
to move in together.  Ed is now William's secretary.

Life has been very good. For me the Road to Slavery has turned out to be the
Road to Life.

The End.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





