BDSM Library - The Continuing Adventures of Lisa James: The Party




The Continuing Adventures of Lisa James: The Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lisa James is taken to an unusual party by her landlady. She experiences numerous intimate punishments and more humiliation than ever before.
The story is totally fictitious and intended for adult only. Please leave if you
are offended by adult content, or if you are not allowed to have access to adult
material by your local law. Author retains the copyright of this work. If you
wishes to use this story elsewhere other than your own personal enjoyment,
please ask for author's express permission beforehand. Thank you.

YNHumiliator




The Continuing Adventures Of Lisa James

The Party - Chapter 1

          Lisa James drove home from work with butterflies in her stomach.
Usually on a weekday evening she did as she pleased. On Saturdays and Sundays
she had to do exactly as she was told. The weekends were reserved for her
punishment regime and chores. Any slight misdemeanour or mistake was rewarded
with a whole variety of humiliating punishments most of which resulted in a
fiery red and very sore bottom; And then there were the blushingly awful
situations that Mrs Henderson and her friends liked putting her into. It was all
incredibly embarrassing but mind numbingly exciting at the same time. It wasn't
an arrangement one would normally expect to find an attractive twenty seven year
old office manager in, but then Mrs Henderson couldn't be described as a
"normal" landlady. Worryingly today was Thursday....
       "You'd better come straight home from work tonight Lisa. I've been
invited to a party and offered your services for serving drinks and things,
you're going to be on your best behaviour my girl or you'll be sorry!" From the
tone of Mrs Henderson's voice at breakfast Lisa knew it would be no ordinary
party so her nervousness and excitement had been increasing throughout the day.

          Her hand was shaking as she turned the front door key in it's lock.
Mrs Henderson was already waiting in the hallway.
      "Where have you been young lady? Get up those stairs, take a shower and be
quick about it. When you've dried yourself you'll find your clothes laid out on
my bed. As a special treat I ironed your party dress this afternoon." At the
mention of the dreaded party dress Lisa's face dropped. She looked quite
ridiculous in it. It was the sort of thing a ten year old would wear. To make
matters worse it was tiny. The hem only just covered the lower curves of her bum
cheeks and her boobs spilled out if she leant over even slightly. It was so
humiliating, but that's exactly what Mrs Henderson wanted. As Lisa reached the
bottom step the older woman suddenly slapped her across her tightly clad bottom
as hard as she could,
       "Get a move on young lady!" Watching the immaculately dressed young woman
scampering up the stairs she chuckled and thought what an enjoyable evening lay
ahead for herself and her friends. Lisa might not agree of course.

          The hot shower did little to calm Lisa's nerves but it did feel good
and refreshed her. After thoroughly drying herself she put on some deodorant and
her makeup then padded into Mrs Henderson's bedroom in her dressing gown. On the
bed was the awful party dress, ankle socks, white cotton knickers and a pair of
black patent shoes with big buckles. No bra but she hadn't expected she'd be
allowed one anyway.
      "Did I tell you to wear your dressing gown young lady? Take it off at
once!" No matter how many times Lisa had to remove her clothes in front of her
landlady she never got used to it. The incredible feelings of embarrassment
always remained the same. Mrs Henderson sat down on the edge of the bed directly
in front of her,
      "Come along we haven't got all night." Lisa undid the belt and slid the
offending garment off her shoulders, automatically she covered her pubis with
her hands. Mrs Henderson roughly slapped her hands away,
      "Uncover yourself you silly girl I need to see if you're properly clean!"
Red faced and blushing hotly Lisa felt the woman's fingers slide slowly over her
smooth pubic mound. The landlady stared intently at the hairless pussy and noted
how the tightly closed pink lips projected most invitingly out from the central
crease. Since her first week as Mrs Henderson's lodger Lisa had been regularly
shaved between her legs by Mr Blake, their next door neighbour. He was about
sixty and knew Lisa intimately as he was often invited to help with her
punishments. Mrs Henderson loved the appearance of the woman's shaven vagina, it
really made her look like a little girl. She reached up and cupped the warm
breasts, pleased to find that the nipples were already becoming hard. She
couldn't resist squeezing them firmly which brought a gasp of alarm from Lisa.

          Once dressed Lisa looked a bit like Shirley Temple but with breasts.
Her landlady carefully adjusted the hem of the dress so that it just covered the
bulge of her pussy in the white knickers. They were so tight that it was
possible to see the outline of the lips and the central divide quite clearly.
The white ankle socks and shiny black shoes set off the ensemble delightfully.
Lisa was concerned about the shortness of the dress. It left her thighs, both
front and back, totally exposed. But she was even more worried about her boobs
which were barely contained at all by the flimsy material. She could do nothing
about the two obvious hard points which stood out from her chest. If she kept
her arms at her sides everything would remain covered, but if she lifted them
anyone present would get a perfect view of her knicker-clad bum and pussy.

          The honking of a car horn indicated the arrival of their lift. Mrs
Henderson put on her winter coat and pushed Lisa out of the front door. In just
her party dress the cold air stiffened Lisa's nipples even more, if that were
possible. She hurried down the path towards the car and gratefully scrambled
into the back seat as Mrs Henderson climbed into the front beside her friend Mrs
King.
      "Hello Jean, we've got to pick up the wine then we'll go straight to
Alison's. How's our naughty little girl tonight?" Lisa answered with a quiet
       "Very well thank you." As the autumnal landscape sped past the two women
chatted about nothing in particular. Lisa knew Alison, Mrs King's twenty seven
year old daughter, because she'd been invited to join in one of her punishment
sessions, the memory brought a fresh burst of colour to her cheeks.

          Three quarters of an hour later they arrived in Broughton. Mrs King
drove straight into the town centre and pulled up outside an off licence. Light
flooded from the brightly lit interior.
       "Out you get young lady, the wine's paid for so just help Mrs Scott put
it in the boot and hurry up!" Both women laughed as Lisa literally ran into the
shop in the hope that no one would see her. Luckily there wasn't anyone inside
except a man behind the counter who looked up and smiled,
       "Well, well, if it isn't the naughty Lisa who we've heard so much about.
Had your bum spanked this evening you bad girl? He turned towards the back of
the shop,
      "Helen, your friends are here." The immaculately dressed woman that
appeared looked about thirty five and had a stunning figure. Her appearance made
Lisa even more aware of  the ridiculous party frock that she was wearing and her
face burned. She couldn't look either of them in the face,
      "Please Sir, I've been sent to carry the wine for the party out to Mrs
Henderson's car." It was almost whispered.
      "Well yes but first I think it's only fair you show my wife and I what
that fat bottom of yours looks like, don't you think?" The man came around the
counter,
      "Come over here." Lisa's heart began to hammer, she didn't know if she was
supposed to show herself to these people or not. If she did as she was told and
Mrs Henderson was cross she'd be punished. She shuffled forwards, her boobs
threatening to spill out of the front of her dress.
      "Well come on girl we haven't got all night, lift your skirt up." Lisa
stared as hard as she could at the floor as she slowly raised the front of her
party frock to her waist. Her plump pussy outlined in the tight white cotton
pushed insolently towards them. She jumped when the man suddenly shouted at her,
      "You've got knickers on you stupid girl how are we supposed to see
anything, take them off!" Lisa dropped the hem of her dress and slid the
knickers down her legs and off as quickly as she could.
      "Lift it up girl come on, we're waiting!" This time there was nothing
covering her shaven mound, she kept her legs tightly pressed together trying to
hide her pussy lips as much as possible. The Scott's smiled and then began
laughing,
      "She really is a little girl isn't she, look at that not a single hair on
her, turn around let's see the rest." As Lisa turned she saw Mrs Henderson and
Mrs King shaking their heads as they sat in the car waiting. Her heart sank but
she felt the telltale wetness spreading between her legs. She prayed the Scott's
wouldn't notice.
      "Spread your legs and bend over you little slut," it was the woman. Lisa
did as she was told. Her boobs fell forwards out of her dress, her stiff nipples
pointing down and slightly forwards. The couple enjoyed the spectacle that she
was making of herself and because she was fully shaved nothing was hidden. She
knew they were looking directly at her bumhole and at the spread lips of her now
wet pussy. Her face burned with embarrassment. She jumped as she felt a hand
glide over her bum cheeks then slip between her legs. The fingers traced her
pussy lips, pausing to tease her already swollen clitoris, then slipped easily
inside which caused her to gasp and rise up onto her toes. 
      "Stand up and put your knickers back on girl." Mr Scott turned to his
wife,
      "She's absolutely soaking, you're a dirty little girl aren't you Lisa?"
      "Y...Y...Yes Sir," she said. Her legs felt like jelly.
      "Sometime this evening ask Jean if we can have Lisa here to help us in the
shop for a day. It's quite appalling that she drops her knickers so easily,
imagine what would have happened if we'd had some customers, she's a little tart
but we can teach her how to behave properly in public." They smiled knowingly at
each other and kissed.
      "See you later darling. This is the wine young lady," said Helen Scott
indicating a case of Claret on the counter, "come on and don't drop it!"

          With the wine stowed carefully in the boot they set off. Needless to
say Mrs Henderson was very angry,
      "What? She took her knickers down just because your husband asked her to!
Well young lady when we get to the party you're going to be severely punished.
And don't think I'll forget about it because I won't. You're going to be sorry,
I've told you before about showing yourself off to strangers. My goodness I can
hardly believe it!"
Mrs King and Mrs Scott agreed wholeheartedly and were soon enthusiastically
discussing the various punishments, amid much merriment and laughter, that a
disgusting little girl that showed her pussy and bottom to strangers might
expect. An overwhelming wave of humiliation and shame swept over Lisa as she
shrank back into the seat, but her pussy was getting wetter and wetter by the
moment.

          Alison greeted them at the door of a modern detached house that stood
in a very large garden. Lisa was curtly told to take the wine into the kitchen
and wait there. A whole array of nibbles and sandwiches was laid out on one of
the work surfaces. Sounds of conversation and laughter filtered through from the
next room. She stood fiddling with the hem of her party dress dreading the
moment when she'd have to go through and face whoever was there. Alison suddenly
opened the door from the hallway.
      "Well, well. I hear you've been a dirty girl again Lisa and that's why my
guests have been waiting for their drinks. You're going to be punished in front
of everyone." She laughed,
      "I can hardly wait." At this news Lisa's face reddened even more and her
heart once again began hammering in her chest.
      "There's a bottle opener there next to you, I suggest you get a move on.
The glasses are on the tray." Left alone again and with shaking hands Lisa
quickly opened a couple of  the bottles and filled the glasses. Picking up the
tray she took a deep breath before opening the door.
      "At last, what on earth have you been doing girl?" Lisa stood rooted to
the spot as Mrs Henderson berated her. Besides the four women that she already
knew there were another three women in the spacious lounge, one of them much
younger than herself.
They turned to look at her as she entered. Susan Sellers was only seventeen,
she'd been invited along with her friend Joanne Coleman. Joanne was a twenty
five year old secretary that Alison had known for several years. The third woman
was middle aged and very smartly dressed. She was busily unpacking numerous
items from two cases and arranging them on the highly polished surface of a
large dining table which stood at one end of the room. Mrs Henderson continued,
      "Well come on, everyone wants a drink." Lisa began serving them, several
of the women laughed and began asking why her dress was so short. She ought to
be ashamed, did she realise that everyone could see her knickers? She was doing
her best to keep the hem of her frock down but it was impossible. It was also
impossible to keep her boobs inside the top of her dress, every few moments her
nipples came into view. They were very stiff, poking and rubbing against the
thin material, a fact that several of the ladies were only too pleased to point
out. At that moment the doorbell rang. A few minutes later Alison returned with
a very severe looking woman in her fifties. Lisa was mortified when a very red
faced schoolboy followed the two women into the room. He looked to be about
fifteen and was obviously very nervous and embarrassed.
      "Everyone I'd like you to meet Christine Cooper a very dear friend of
mine. Christine used to teach with me at Bomere School. She's very kindly
brought along her nephew Timothy who's going to help in our demonstration
later," she smiled knowingly at the boy. The ladies began laughing and giggling
as the older woman stood him in front of them,
      "Clothes off young man, it'll be much more interesting for the ladies if
you serve them without much on. Hurry up!" He slowly undressed under the
fascinated gaze of the women until finally he stood very red faced in only his
underpants. Miss Cooper ushered him out to the kitchen. On his return he carried
a tray full of sandwiches and savoury bites which he began to offer to the
select group of guests. 

          The furniture had been arranged in a large semicircle across the room.
Most of the women were comfortably ensconced in settees and armchairs. In the
middle of the semicircle was a long low wooden coffee table which provided them
with a convenient place for their glasses and plates. When Lisa had given each
of the women a drink Mrs Henderson made her stand in front of them with her
hands on her head.
       "Well ladies as you can see I've brought my naughty little girl Lisa
along tonight. As you've already heard she can't be trusted, even on the way
here tonight she showed her fat bottom and pussy to Helen's husband. I think she
needs to be taught a lesson so after we've seen the presentation I suggest we
all discipline her!" She produced a leather strap from behind her back,
      "Look Lisa I've brought your favourite." Lisa eyed the strap fearfully and
swallowed nervously..
      "You'll be feeling more than this across your backside tonight young
lady!" Lisa was incredibly ashamed to be spoken to in this way in front of the
ladies but the presence of the boy made things ten times worse.
      "Has the girl been properly cleaned?" asked the ex school mistress.
      "Well I made sure she showered before we left home but please feel free to
check her yourself." All the women laughed.
      "Lisa, go with Miss Cooper, she's going to make sure your personal hygiene
standards are up to scratch."
      "Can I come too?" Susan was desperate to see everything that was going to
happen to the young woman. She was tremendously excited at the prospect of
seeing her spanked and humiliated. Before Lisa's arrival the women had been
freely discussing her forthcoming punishment with much hilarity. Apparently she
was going to be stripped naked before they spanked and strapped her, but best of
all everyone would have a turn. Susan was thrilled and things were getting
better all the time. She stared excitedly at the boy.
      "Of course my dear you can help me if you'd like." Lisa was aware of the
boy's eyes on her as she was led out of the room into the hallway where Miss
Cooper picked up a black leather bag. She just knew he would be present when she
was punished. The women seeing her would be bad enough. The thought of the young
boy seeing all of her most private places produced an incredible surge of shame.
She felt quite light headed at the thought.
      "Upstairs young lady."




The Continuing Adventures Of Lisa James

The Party - Chapter 2

          Once upstairs Lisa was pushed into the bathroom. It was large and
spacious with a separate toilet cubicle. The two women followed her inside and
closed the door.
      "Everything off girl!" It was an order. Susan's eyes were sparkling with
excitement. She sat down on the edge of the bath to watch. Lisa tried to avoid
looking at them both as she unzipped her frock. She crossed her arms in front of
her, grasped the hem and tugged it over her head. Her boobs sprang out towards
the very interested women, her hard nipples pointing out and slightly upwards.
She stepped out of the horrid thing.
      "Pick it up girl! You don't want to spoil it!" The older women smiled
wickedly,
"Get those knickers off". Lisa pushed her knickers slowly down to her ankles,
stepped out of them and put them on a chair with her dress. Now she was totally
naked and exposed to them. Susan had started giggling and laughing at the girl's
bare pussy,
      "I can see her lips and everything, this is so cool!" Lisa didn't know
where to look or what to do, her face was absolutely scarlet but much worse was
to come. Miss Cooper reached out and grasped each of her nipples in a vice like
grip,
     "Hands on your head girl!" Lisa did as she was told, "Feel these Susan,
they're like little pebbles!" Tears sprang into Lisa eyes as the young girl
eagerly joined in, pulling and pinching them at the same time.
      "Oohh! Ouch! Please don't! It hurts! Ow! Please stop!" Somehow she managed
to keep her hands on her head as she twisted back and forth.
      "Stop making such a fuss you little slut!" said the ex-teacher giving the
nipples a final hard twist, "Get down on your hands and knees and put your head
on your hands, hurry up!" Lisa did as instructed.
      "Spread your legs and dip your back girl, I need access to that naughty
bumhole of yours!" Susan Sellars had a superb view of the young woman's genital
anatomy, she could see every detail. Lisa kept her forehead pressed to the
carpet caught in a sea of humiliation. But such a shameful display was making
her pussy leak clear fluid and she was sure they would notice. Miss Cooper
produced a tube of lubricant and a large plastic sachet from her bag. Two tubes,
one twice as long as the other, protruded from one end.
       "Susan, would you like to get her bumhole ready for me?" she said,
passing the tube to her, "make sure you get it well inside."

          Susan needed no further urging. She quickly put a glob of the
lubricant on her fingers and approached the spread buttocks. The older woman
laughed at Lisa's wail as the young girl's finger slid into her bottom. Susan
was having a lovely time, she'd never been able to do anything like this to
another girl before, and certainly not to a fully grown woman. Pushing her
finger in as far as she could brought forth a quite delightful moan and she
couldn't help giggling as the bumhole squeezed her finger. Lisa's hips rotated
this way and that and she groaned as the finger worked itself  more forcefully
into her bottom.
      "She can take more than that Susan, don't be frightened, use a couple of
fingers and you can afford to be a bit rougher!" Susan began to wedge two
fingers into the stretching bumhole, pushing them in and out as hard as she
could. By curling them when they were deeply embedded inside the rolling bottom
she was able to make Lisa cry out and beg her to stop,
      "I'll be good please stop. Ooooh! No! Oh please don't! Aaahhhh!" Her bum
was rolling around all over the place and she was shaking her head from side to
side. Susan was very excited by the time Miss Cooper smiled and motioned her to
step back.
      "You're a really dirty little girl. I can see what's going on here. You're
getting turned on you little slut!" She ran her fingers along Lisa's slippery
vaginal lips from front to back causing her to gasp and wriggle her hips in
response. Suddenly she felt the tube pushing into her bottom, much further in
than the girl's fingers had gone. The woman squeezed the sachet until all of
it's contents had gone. Lisa's insides immediately caught fire. Slipping the
tube from the puckered bumhole Christine Cooper replaced it with a rubber plug
which sealed the girl tight. Lisa began to moan more urgently and roll her hips
around wildly,
      "Please take it out! OwOwOwOw! It's burning me please! Ohhhh please let me
go to the toilet!"
      "Don't be silly young lady," said the woman glancing at her watch, "you're
going to hold it for the full ten minutes." Lisa began a series of bumps and
grinds, wriggling her hips and bottom in all directions.
      "Please Miss, ooooohhhhhh! Please let me go!"
      "Keep still you silly girl!"
      "What's it doing to her?" asked Susan as she started to laugh once more.
      "It's rapidly reducing everything to fluid so we can flush her out
properly."  Finally Lisa was sent into the toilet cubicle to relieve herself.
Shaking, she tottered out to face them once more. After being made to carefully
wash the buttplug she was made to kneel in the bath. This time the tube that was
roughly pushed into her poor bumhole was attached to the shower fitting. Warm
water filled her to bursting several times before Miss Cooper was satisfied.
      "Right Susan, just give her a good soaping then we can rejoin the party."
As the ex teacher collected her things Susan soaped Lisa thoroughly between her
legs. The girls fingers opened both holes causing Lisa to gasp and squirm on the
questing digits. Sliding her hands between the older womans buttocks Susan
couldn't resist forcing them apart and taking one last look at the wrinkled
anus. Lisa's face burned with embarrassment at the girl's intimate examination
but she tried to be good and did her best to remain still.

          Downstairs in the lounge and back in her party dress Lisa was told to
stand next to Timothy at the side of the room. Jackie Freeman of "Sublime
Products" began her presentation by describing and displaying their extensive
range of dildos, vibrators and buttplugs. The bewildering array of shapes and
sizes caused much merriment among the giggling ladies. As the false cocks were
passed around they continually glanced at Lisa and the boy. Their comments and
bursts of laughter filled Lisa with dread. As she watched they investigated
several items of bondage equipment and her anxiety grew, especially when they
began slapping various straps, paddles and whips against their palms. At her
side the boy was also growing increasingly nervous and agitated. After an hour
the women thanked Jackie for her excellent and amusing talk. Everyone clapped
before the general conversation turned ominously towards the actual
demonstration of certain items. Lisa jumped when Mrs Henderson spoke;
      "Lisa! Come over here, it's time we started your punishment," she did as
she was told and stood in the centre of the room facing the ladies.
      "Take off your party dress." They weren't going to make her strip, they
couldn't do that! Oh god no!
      "Didn't you hear me girl? I said take your dress off!" There was a moments
silence before Lisa started pleading,
      "Oh please Miss don't make me take it off in front of everyone, please!"
Mrs Henderson started laughing at Lisa's obvious distress,
      " Why on earth not young lady? You take every opportunity to show people
those boobs of yours and that fat bottom. Get it off now!" The sexual tension in
the room suddenly increased as Lisa reached behind and unzipped the frock.
Swallowing hard she pulled the thing over her head and let it drop to the floor.
Her boobs with their pointy nipples immediately sprang into view. She felt the
boys eyes devouring her breasts which caused her nipples to harden even more.
The ladies drank in the sight.
      "That's better isn't it? It's what a dirty girl like you needs, in front
of everyone, mmmm?" Lisa's face turned scarlet as she looked at them close to
tears.
      "Knickers too Lisa, we're all waiting."
      "Oh please no Miss, not in front of him, please," she pleaded, glancing at
the boy.
      "You disobedient girl. Put your hands on your head and stand up straight!"
Lisa's boobs lifted and wobbled as did as instructed. Mrs Henderson stood behind
her and slipped her fingers into the waistband of the tiny knickers. With great
ceremony she slowly pulled them down. Lisa's shaven mound came into view and
then the pink lips of her pussy. She looked at the ceiling and wished she could
disappear. Her face burned as the ladies immediately started laughing and making
comments about her smooth "little girl's" vagina. She glanced at the boy,
standing there and watching. Enjoying her humiliation.
      "We're not shy are we?" asked Alison giving a sharp laugh. They all
admired Lisa's smooth thighs and the soft curve of her breasts but mostly they
looked at the pink lips of her bare pussy.

          Joanne Coleman, a twenty five year old friend of Alison's, suddenly
exclaimed and pointed at Timothy. As one they turned and stared at the boy's
obvious excitement, which was tenting the front of his underpants. His erection
was jutting out directly towards the ladies. Miss Cooper jumped up and charged
across the room to him;
      "What's this you dirty boy?" she shouted, slapping his stiffness with the
back of her hand, "come here!" She dragged him by his ear to stand next to Lisa
then unceremoniously pulled his pants down.
      "Hands on your head boy!" His erection sprang upwards as the tittering
ladies commented on his foreskin and the way it was drawing back from the
swollen purple head.
      "He certainly likes Lisa," said Helen Scott with a mischievous grin.
      "Yes that's obvious," said Miss Cooper, "but he needs to learn some self
control. In fact this is a perfect opportunity to try Jackie's restriction
harness." Lisa was surprised, as were most of the ladies, when she saw the boy's
very hard cock. It was at least six, if not seven, inches long and the
surrounding area had been completely shaved. Timothy himself was shaking
uncontrollably, his head spinning and he felt faint with embarrassment at being
exposed to so many women in such a way. He couldn't help his hard on. Seeing
Lisa stripped and seeing her bare pussy had been too much for him. Jacqueline
Freeman held up a series of leather loops and buckles,
      "The harness is especially useful for over excitable younger males. Even
if you inadvertently allow them to come it's possible, by tightening the straps,
to maintain eighty percent of their erection until they fully recover." She
knelt down in front of the boy and began expertly fitting the thing to his
engorged parts. He jerked and gasped as she manhandled him, pulling his hard rod
this way and that as she worked. When she stood up Timothy's seven inches looked
thicker and angrier. Veins stood out along it's length and the foreskin had been
forcibly retracted. Everything looked appreciably darker in colour.
      "Let the ladies inspect you Timothy," said Miss Cooper pushing him
forwards. Soon they were all pulling and stroking the boy's stiffness. Susan
Sellers took longer than everyone else, squeezing his balls and pulling the
foreskin back and forth across the shiny head. She was fascinated at how much he
jerked and panted when she pumped her hand up and down the shaft. Giggling she
rubbed her thumb over the hole at the tip and laughed as he nearly collapsed to
his knees.

          Lisa stood rooted to the spot. Real tears were glistening in her eyes
at the dreadful humiliation of standing naked in front of them. Their attention
refocused on her as Mrs Henderson started to speak,
      "Right Lisa, let the ladies have a proper look at you. Turn around, bend
over and grasp your ankles. Make sure you keep your legs together, hurry up!"
She stumbled around into the required position. Her pussy bulged obscenely out
from between her closed thighs, her bottom sticking out quite rudely as she bent
over.
      "She's certainly got a fat pussy," said one of them, "does she play with
it a lot?"
      "Oh yes, she's a proper little tart when it comes to fingering herself,
aren't you Lisa?" said Mrs Henderson, "Open your legs wide now girl, we all want
to see how wet you are." Lisa eyes widened. They weren't going to make her do
that, they couldn't. The ladies were delighted when she started pleading again,
       "Oh please Miss, don't make me show them everything. I'll be really good.
Couldn't you punish me when we get home? Oh please Miss!"
       "We're certainly going to have to teach you a lesson Lisa! I told you to
open your legs, now do it girl! We all want to see and Timothy is particularly
interested."

          Susan Sellers was still pulling and squeezing the boy's hard cock but
his eyes were firmly fixed on the area between Lisa's legs. Very slowly she
parted her legs. Her buttocks opened and the sticky lips of her vagina slipped
apart. Her face was burning with shame as she realised exactly what they would
be seeing. She could feel her pink hole opening and knew that in between her
spread cheeks the puckered entrance to her bumhole was clearly visible.
      "Might I suggest that you all inspect Lisa's holes so you can gauge for
yourselves what a little tart she is," said Mrs Henderson, "then we can punish
her."

          Within a few moments fingers were delving into her vaginal folds and
pressing insistently at the entrance to her bottom. Lisa gasped and wriggled her
hips as several fingers stretched the slippery walls of her pussy. A finger sank
right into her bumhole as someone began pulling and squeezing her clitoris. Even
her breasts were fondled, her hard nipples pulled and pinched as she succumbed
to the onslaught of sensations. She was soon moaning and pushing herself onto
the searching digits. The beginnings of an orgasm stirred in her belly as she
gasped and writhed as each lady made an intimate inspection of the tight pink
tunnels.
      "You dirty girl!" Miss Cooper's voice penetrated Lisa's reverie, she'd
almost made it, a few more seconds and she would have come! All thought of where
she was had escaped her. Realisation dawned but it was too late, her hips
continued to roll from side to side as the fingers withdrew.
       "Get over my knee young lady," said Mrs Henderson as she dragged the
trembling girl into position. Head down Lisa did her best to keep her bum cheeks
pressed tightly together but within moments she was gasping and jerking as the
landlady spanked her as hard as she could.
      "I'll teach you to behave young lady!" Her hand splatted crisply down on
the pale firm buttocks producing a succession of urgent yelps from Lisa. Her bum
began to burn almost immediately, the cheeks parting as she wriggled from side
to side. The ladies were quick to notice,
      "Look at her she's loving it, she's trying to bring herself off!" said
Joanne Coleman mockingly.
      "Careful Jean, at this rate you'll have to put a towel under her!" They
began laughing. As the spanking continued Lisa's bum got hotter and hotter,
      "Please miss, owww, ooooh! I'll be good, please stop, oooohhh!" The
stinging and the shame of being watched had started her clitoris tingling. She
couldn't help rubbing it against her landlady's legs. Hard stinging smacks
jolted her bottom. There was no escape for the succulent rear and none for the
inviting backs of her thighs. By the time she was once again standing in front
of the ladies her once pale buttocks were bright red. She was close to tears.
      "Now Lisa ask the nice ladies to punish you. It doesn't matter who's first
as everyone will be having a turn!" With her hands on her head Lisa turned
towards the nearest lady. To her horror it was Susan Sellers but it was too
late,
       "Please Miss," she said very quietly, "will you spank my bottom?"
       "Oh come on girl you can do better than that!" laughed Mrs Henderson,
"you know how to ask properly." Red faced Lisa tried again,
       "Please Miss will you spank my naughty bottom as hard as you can. I
deserve to be punished as I'm a dirty little girl." The women were all laughing
as she was pulled across the young girl's knee.
       "Tell me you're a dirty girl Lisa," said Susan Sellers as she began to
spank the red buttocks with as much force as she could, "let's see if I can make
you cry!"  As the stinging increased she writhed across the girl's lap. The
shame of being spanked by a seventeen year old was awful and so was the burning
in her bottom. But she wouldn't cry, she wouldn't, it would be too humiliating.
Suddenly the girl's fingers sank right into her pussy, she groaned as they
stretched her wide open. Then the spanking started again.
Splatt!
Splatt!
Splatt!
      




The Continuing Adventures Of Lisa James

The Party - Chapter 3

          The burning in Lisa's wobbling bum cheeks got worse and worse as Susan
continued to smack them. She did her best not to cry out but inevitably she
began to sob. She couldn't help herself.
      "Oh dear is the naughty little girl getting a nasty sore bottom then? Does
she want me to stop?" Suddenly she slapped the backs of the woman's thighs,
first one and then the other in rapid succession. Caught unawares by the intense
sting that suddenly burned her sensitive skin, Lisa shrieked.  
         
          Timothy Collins was spellbound as he watched the young woman's
writhing bottom, his cock twitched each time he glimpsed the puffy pink lips
between her legs. After this evening his world would never be the same again,
how could it be. At first he'd been scared and embarrassed but as the women
continued to touch him his excitement had overcome everything else. His aunt had
started shaving him only a few weeks before. At first he'd been consumed with
embarrassment because each time he got an erection. She never said anything just
moved it to one side as the razor did it's work. According to his aunt it was
for his own good and much more hygienic in the long run. Now he wanted them to
touch his hard on again, to make him come and he really wanted to touch the
naked woman that was writhing and crying on Susan Sellar's lap. He'd never seen
a woman spanked before. When she'd begun to plead and beg his erection had
surged. Luckily he'd been allowed to watch the proceedings almost undisturbed. A
few times he'd collected food and drinks from the kitchen and passed them
around, but otherwise he'd been ignored. Only Susan shown any real interest in
him, teasing his cock and balls continuously as they watched together. Several
times clear drops of fluid had begun leaking from the tip. Much to his
disappointment she'd stopped stroking him whenever this happened. And now that
she was spanking Lisa the straps encircling his parts were getting tighter, he
really needed to come and come soon!

       "I'm surprised she's such a cry baby," said Joanne Coleman turning to
Helen Scott who was watching impassively.
      "She'll be crying a lot more by the time we've finished tonight, we ought
to try something with a bit more bite don't you think?" The two women began
handling the paddles and straps arrayed on the dining table. Alison joined them
and after a hushed conversation carefully selected a stiff leather strap. Joanne
and Helen chose matching leather paddles. Lisa continued to sob when she
suddenly found herself down on the floor, tipped unceremoniously off Susan's
lap. Her hands immediately grasped her sore bottom and tried to rub away the
atrocious sting.
      "Thank Susan nicely Lisa", said Mrs Henderson sharply, "and take your
hands away!"
      "Th..Th...Thank you Miss," she said.
      "You're welcome, that was great fun!" replied Susan, smirking, "I
especially enjoyed it when you started to cry for me." She giggled. 
      "Help me move the coffee table, hurry up girl," said Alison as she roughly
pulled Lisa to her feet. Together under the watchful eyes of the room they moved
it to one side.
      "Fetch two of my dining chairs and bring them here." Aware of the women,
but more especially the boy, devouring every inch of her nakedness Lisa did as
she was told. She could sense the boy's eyes continuously flicking between her
boobs, pussy and hot bum cheeks. Even worse he kept trying to catch her eye. Red
faced, trembling with humiliation and keeping her gaze firmly fixed on the
carpet she placed the chairs in front of Alison. She eyed the leather paddles
with a great deal of apprehension as Joanne and Helen sat down facing each
other, their knees just touching.
      "Get over Jo and Helen's laps little girl, the three of us are going to
show you what a sore bum really feels like!"  Casting a panic stricken glance
towards her landlady, who gave an amused chuckle, she reluctantly complied,
slowly sliding herself across the women's knees.

          A paddle exploded onto one of her already sore bum cheeks. Lisa's
breath caught as the flesh flattened before springing back into shape. For a
split second there was no discomfort then a fire ignited in her bottom. The
second impact struck the other cheek.  She began to cry immediately, the pain
was simply unbearable.
      "Legs apart Lisa!" Alison struck the backs of the soft thighs, the stiff
leather strap bringing a howl from the girl. Her legs scissored apart revealing
all of her charms. She tried her best to turn over on their laps but her waist
was firmly held, again there would be no escape. The paddles and strap beat an
excruciating tattoo on Lisa's bottom and thighs for a good ten minutes or so.
Gradually the hot globes turned a much darker shade of red. Throughout she
begged and pleaded, offering to do anything, anything if they'd only stop for a
second. They ignored her as the rest of the ladies watched with interest as her
struggles grew weaker and weaker. After a time she stopped struggling
altogether, only gasped at each agonizing impact. She no longer had enough
energy left to protest. Sobbing was all she could manage as the searing heat
spread deep into the crack between her legs.

      "Stand up girl, let everyone see what a properly disciplined backside
looks like." Mrs King's daughter had really enjoyed using the strap on the back
of the woman's legs, she'd really made the little bitch sing! Lisa had to be
helped to her feet. She stood in front of them hands clasped to her burning
bottom, tears rolling down her cheeks, weaving her hips from side to side in a
parody of sexual arousal.
      "Take you hands away girl! How many times do you need to be told?" Mrs
Henderson shouted at her , "and stop blubbering anyone would think you'd been
severely dealt with!"  Dragging her hands away she dropped them to her sides as
Alison began to speak,
      "Right everyone, now might be an opportune time to take a short break. I'm
sure our naughty little girl needs to compose herself before we continue and I
could certainly do with a coffee. It's all ready, we can retire to the kitchen
in a moment but first it looks as though that fat bottom needs some attention.
I've got some cold cream," she started to giggle and then continued, "If no one
has any objections Christine and I thought Timmy might like to apply it." The
boy positively beamed as the ladies all started laughing at Lisa's explosive,
      "Noooo!"
      "What an excellent idea," said Mrs Henderson, "it'll make her think twice
before showing herself to complete strangers again."
      "I'm sure she'll find it very exciting, won't you Lisa?" said Mrs King.
      "No, No, please you mustn't let him!" Lisa covered her face with her
hands, starting to sob again but this time with shame. The thought of the young
boy running his hands all over her bum mortified her.
      "On the settee would be best," said Alison, pushing Lisa forwards, "then
Timmy can really get at you!" The women laughed and moved out of the way, but
they all stayed to see what was about to happen.
      "Oh god, please don't let him touch me. You can't let him!"
      "Get on there you shameless little slut, it's exactly what you want with
everyone watching!" Alison pushed her onto the couch forcing her to kneel and
stick her bum out.
      "Dip your back, and get your legs further apart than that girl, how's the
boy supposed to do a good job if he hasn't got room to work?" The women
sniggered at Lisa's predicament. A forceful smack applied to one of the dark red
buttocks and the legs reluctantly parted. They all had a perfect view of her
bumhole and the pink lipped slit between her legs. Very red faced Lisa looked
back at them over her shoulder,
      "Don't let him, please!"

          Her face reflected horror as Alison handed the boy the pot of cream,
his stiffness projected obscenely towards her as he smiled broadly. He spread a
generous amount of the stuff onto his shaking hands and approached the bright
red bottom. Lisa jerked and gasped, both because of the pain and the sheer
humiliation of what was happening. Her buttocks clenched as his hands moved over
the tight hot cheeks smoothing the cream in ever increasing circles. Lisa
groaned as it eased the burning, involuntarily rotating her bottom at the same
time. As the women filed through into the kitchen their conversation and
laughter became muffled. Tim couldn't believe his luck. Lisa had her face buried
in her hands, her boobs were hanging down and he was running his hands all over
her bum cheeks. They were really hot and very red. Susan suddenly appeared at
his side,
      "I've had my drink, thought I might come and watch?" She giggled, then
slowly reached out and closed her hand around the shaft of his erection.
      "Carry on, I won't interfere!" She giggled again as his cock pulsed in her
fist. His confidence was growing and so was his excitement. He let his hands cup
the lower curves of the women's bum, then he pulled the cheeks wider apart. Her
bumhole was now even more clearly visible, pink and tight. Susan was looking as
well,
      "Go on you can do what you want, no ones watching and she'll not resist or
complain if she knows what's good for her. If she does I'll tell them she swore
at us or something, she'd be in really big trouble then wouldn't you Lisa?" Lisa
didn't say anything, just buried her face further into her hands.
      "What stick my fingers in and things?" he said in a daze.
      "Yes go on, she's a little slut, you should have seen her up in the
bathroom earlier, nearly came when I washed her. We gave her an enema as well,
it was really cool!" Timothy needed no further urging. His hands spread the now
slippery bum cheeks and began an exploration of the space between Lisa's thighs.
His fingers opened the sticky vaginal lips and plunged inside. He worked his
fingers in and out of the tight hole, it's elastic walls gripping his invading
digits. Lisa began moaning immediately.
      "Go on," said Susan, gripping his turgid cock harder, "stick your fingers
in her bum, she loves it!" He placed a fingertip on the crinkled entrance then
pushed it slowly in. Lisa gasped and shook her head from side to side as his
finger withdrew then slowly pushed back in.
      "Oooooooohhhhh! Stop it, please don't!"
      "She can take more than that, try a couple," said Susan excitedly. Two of
his fingers were soon pumping back and forth in Lisa's stretching anal ring. She
was close to coming. The burning in her bum had turned into an incredibly sexy
glow. If he continued the boy's fingers would send her over the edge. She began
rolling her bottom from side to side, moaning as the fingers repeatedly
penetrated her. It didn't matter about the shameful display she was making of
herself, it felt so so good, she was going to come!

      "What on earth do you think you're doing!" Mrs Henderson's shout made Lisa
jump. "You dirty little slut enticing Timothy with your disgusting antics. Stand
up at once!" Lisa scrambled to her feet and turned to face her irate landlady.
"Hands on your head, go and stand in the corner while I decide what's to be done
with you." Susan and Timothy couldn't help laughing as Lisa miserably made her
way across the room. Mrs Henderson noted the shiny appearance of the boy's cock
head. No doubt it was covered in fluid because Susan had been teasing him again.
An idea for an even more humiliating finale to Lisa's evening formed in her
landlady's mind. It involved the boy and later she'd make it a reality.

         Jean Henderson very quietly, so that Lisa couldn't hear, explained her
idea for the evening's climax. The women, once again seated, agreed that it
would certainly teach Lisa a lesson and prove highly entertaining at the same
time. But first there were a few other things that Lisa had to experience and as
time was getting on they'd better make a start.
      "Lisa! Come here!"  Standing totally nude in front of the women and the
boy renewed Lisa's feelings of shame and embarrassment. With her hands clasped
behind her head everything was on view to them once again. The boy no longer
looked at her vagina furtively, he stared quite openly. She tried to keep her
eyes fixed to the floor as she couldn't bear to look any of them in the face.
She knew what they were looking at. At her boobs and her hard nipples. At the
lips of her pussy which she so wanted to hide but couldn't because being shaved
revealed every detail. Her clitoris was very swollen, she could feel it standing
proud. The humiliation was making it tingle but it was the boy's fingers a few
moments earlier that had really brought it to life.
 
      "Right young lady you're going to demonstrate a few of Jackie's toys for
us now," said Alison. Jacqueline Freeman smiled at the group as she went to the
dining table and returned with a handful of glittering objects. Lisa shrieked as
a metal clip clamped itself to one of her nipples, her hands nearly dropped from
her head.
      "Keep your hands where they are Lisa!" Her landlady's tone brooked no
nonsense so she did her best to keep her hands locked together. The horrid thing
biting her nipple soon had her shaking her boobs. Grabbing the other swinging
breast Jackie quickly placed the second clip where it would trouble the young
woman the most. The pair of steel clips danced beneath the lights as Lisa swung
her breasts in the vain hope that maybe the things would loosen or fall off.
      "Legs apart girl, nice and wide for me." The woman's steely gaze didn't
change as she knelt and fastened a clip to each of the soft vaginal lips and a
final one to the clitoral hood.
      "Ouch! Ooooo! Please no! Owwwww!" Lisa was putting on a fine show, the
women were all laughing enthusiastically at her discomfort. Besides shaking her
breasts in a most delightful manner she was now also executing a very
provocative bump and grind. Moving her hips back and forth hoping to relieve the
awful nipping in her private parts.
      "As you can see our little girl is finding the clips most educational. To
intensify the punishment I'd recommend removing and replacing them several times
over say an hour. The removal is often more painful than the application." Mrs
King stood up and moved in front of Lisa,
      "May I?"
      "But of course, try pulling at them a little, it always proves very
interesting for the subject." Alison's mother toyed with the shiny metal objects
for a few minutes bringing a series of gasps and yelps from Lisa. When she
finally released one of the clips from the woman's now tender labial flesh the
effect was dramatic. Lisa screamed and almost dropped to the floor, rubbing her
thighs together frantically, trying her best to massage the hurt away from her
throbbing pussy. She repeated her performance for the ladies as the second clip
came off. When Mrs King slowly released the clip from the swollen clitoral stub
Lisa screamed, dropped her hands and grabbed her wounded pussy flesh. She was
rubbing herself furiously as Mrs King spoke,
      "She's very disobedient at times Jean, almost as if she wants to embarrass
you in front of us." Mrs Henderson's face reflected anger which didn't bode well
for Lisa who looked up at her at once,
      "I'm sorry Miss I couldn't help myself, please don't punish me again!"
      "Punishment seems to be exactly what you require young lady, you don't
seem capable of doing as you're told," she turned to the ladies, "Would anyone
like to whip Lisa's breasts?" Lisa stared wild eyed at her landlady. There was
much excited chatter but they all felt Mrs King should continue. She took the
proffered multi-thonged whip from Jackie and ran it through her fingers. Lisa
could feel the boys eyes wandering all over her nude form  but it was the memory
of where his fingers had been that brought an involuntary flood of wetness to
her pulsing vulva. Her thoughts were brought sharply into focus by a whirring
sound that was filling the room. Mrs King was whirling the whip in tight
circles,
      "Get your hands behind your back Lisa!," she shouted breathlessly. The
tips of the whip began to catch the full breasts on their undercurves. Lisa
immediately yelled and grabbed her stinging boobs.
      "Absolutely hopeless. Jackie could you fix her wrists behind her back for
me please?" The woman from Sublime products quickly complied. With her wrists
pinioned behind her back Lisa's boobs were thrust fully forwards. Her nipples,
with their shiny passengers, were totally unprotected. As the whip landed for
the first time she wriggled her shoulders and did a dance on the spot, stamping
her feet in an almost petulant way. She cried as the leather strips seared
across her boobs. Each time a stroke covered a metal clad nipple she squealed in
agony. Trying to turn away soon added a further restriction to her movements,
Jackie moved behind and held her shoulders firmly. From then on each blow landed
precisely on the target. Pleading and begging did nothing to reduce the severity
of the flogging. By the time Mrs Henderson drew a halt to the strokes the
breasts were bright red and streaked with darker welts. When Mrs King released
the clamps from the tortured nipples the young woman wailed and bent double.
      "Stand up straight girl!" Her landlady calmly pinched the hard and very
swollen points relishing Lisa's choking sobs and copious tears.

          While the women took it in turns to fondle and mould the burning
globes Jackie cleared the dining table. Alison placed two cushions on it's edge,
      "Over here now, quickly girl!" Lisa's boobs were burning horribly as she
stumbled over to stand by Alison.
      "This is for you young lady," said Mrs Henderson holding up a slim black
rod about ten inches long. A small "spiky" ball sat at one of it's ends. At the
other were two recessed buttons. As she pressed the first the rod began
vibrating, the second button caused the ball, which was covered in stiff plastic
protrusions, to slowly rotate. Lisa stared at it in horror.
      "This is one of Sublime's Penetrator models Lisa. Apparently it's ideal
for bad girl's bottoms!" The women laughed uproariously as Lisa reacted,
      "Nooooo Miss! Please! Not in my bottom, not in front of them! I'll be good
I really will!"
      "Nonsense girl Jackie tells me you'll find it very educational and that
the sensation can be quite overwhelming! I'm pleased now that Miss Cooper made
sure you were clean, I'd hate you to have an accident!" Lisa moaned piteously,
her hands still cuffed behind her back.
      "Right get on there with your bum nicely up over those cushions, come on!"
Alison pushed Lisa down onto the table, her tummy rested right on the edge and
her boobs flattened on the hard polished surface. With her head turned to one
side she was just able to see what was happening and her landlady's instructions
were very clear,
      "Open your legs as wide as you can Lisa, we all want to see your naughty
bumhole, no need to be shy. We all know you're a little slut and if you don't
get a move on I'll let Timothy play with you again!" The ladies sniggered as
Lisa's legs quickly parted.
      "Legs wide Lisa, wide I said, show us all you've got!" She did her best
stretching her legs apart as far as she could.
      "Just your tips of your toes on the floor girl, point them for me!" Every
single detail of the young woman's most private anatomy was clearly displayed.
      "I can just about see her tonsils from here Jean!" laughed Helen Scott.
They could all see Lisa's anal opening clench in dread as Mrs Henderson moved
directly behind her. She applied a layer of lubricant to the humming rod then
placed it's now stationary end against the crinkled hole.
      "Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh! Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhh!" shouted Lisa as it was forced
inside her anal canal. The older woman applied some pressure and the rod began
moving into the tight tunnel. Lisa rose even further up onto the very tips of
her toes as she felt her bottom invaded. The sensation as it went deeper and
deeper was horrible. She lifted her head from the table, shaking it violently as
her landlady pulled the rod slowly out again. The audience laughed as Lisa
voiced her displeasure,
      "Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh! Oh god don't p..p..pleeeeeeeeease!" Straining to
keep her legs fully parted caused the muscles in her calves and the backs of her
thighs to flex. It was a stimulating sight. The red buttocks clenched and
relaxed as spasms ran up and down her shaking legs.
      "Goodness me you're tight girl but I'll soon have you opened up!" Once
again the rod wormed itself all the way into the luscious bottom, only the last
two inches were protruding when Mrs Henderson pressed the second button. Lisa
immediately convulsed, her legs closing and opening as she began to slide from
the table's surface.  Only Alison's quick thinking saved her from falling as she
pinned the writhing hips down onto the cushions. Unintelligible sounds escaped
the clenched teeth as Lisa shook uncontrollably,
     
"Sttt...stttt...stoppppppp...iiittttt...Aaaggggggghh...p..p..pleee...pleeease!"
      "Well she certainly felt that," laughed the landlady as she switched it
off, "Did you like that you disgusting girl?"
      "Ooooo...n..n..no...M..M..Miss!" was all Lisa could manage through her
chattering teeth. It took several minutes for her to regain some degree of self
control.




The Continuing Adventures Of Lisa James

The Party - Chapter 4

          Nothing and nobody had ever been so far inside her bottom before.
Feelings of shame and helplessness filled her as the rod continued to vibrate
deep within the tight elastic passageway. Her face burned as her bumhole gripped
the thing and her red  buttocks clenched and rolled uncontrollably. Totally
violated and totally humiliated she couldn't help shaking her head in an
anguished protest. To be so intimately penetrated in front of such a mocking
crowd was a nightmare and more than she could bear but it was about to get much
worse...if that were possible.

          Mrs Henderson turned to her audience once more,
      "Well ladies, and not forgetting our young gentleman of course!" Timothy
grinned, his rigid member still grasped in Susan's hand. "I know that little
girl's enjoy games so I thought it'd be fun if we all played one." She glanced
knowingly at her lodger. "Now this dirty little girl has a particular favourite
where the disciplining of her fat bottom is concerned, don't you young lady?"
Lisa swallowed hard, she knew exactly what her landlady was referring to,
"Well?"
      "Y..Y..Yes Miss," she replied very quietly.
      "Everyone is going to give her three stripes with the strap. Lay them on
as hard as you can because the aim of the game is to make her drop her toy.
You're only allowed three each so make them count. Each time she drops it we'll
add a stroke of the cane to her total." Lisa peered beseechingly over her
shoulder at her landlady but said nothing. It was difficult to concentrate with
the buzzing intruder in her backside.
      "Right young lady," said Christine Cooper, pressing insistently on the end
of rod protruding from the clenching bumhole, "no doubt you're wondering what
sort of toy you'll be playing with." The slight pressure made Lisa stiffen
immediately, she craned her neck to look over her shoulder. Her mouth dropped
open when she saw what the ex teacher was holding.

          It was about 8 inches long, pink and shiny with a perfectly smooth
shaft and head. The dildo had been carefully chosen, it's surface slippery and
difficult to grip, especially by a girl's intimate flesh. Lisa stared at the
false cock with frightened eyes, surely they weren't expecting her to cope with
it and the buzzing rod up her bottom at the same time.  As Lisa continued to
stare Miss Cooper applied a thick layer of lubricant before pushing the plastic
penis smoothly into the gaping wet vagina. Lisa's eyes bulged and she groaned
loudly as both of her holes were penetrated simultaneously for the first time in
her life. Alison knelt down between the widely spread and trembling legs and
placed a cloth on the floor,
      "I don't want you making a mess on my best carpet now do I you dirty
girl!" All the ladies laughed. Lisa didn't reply, already she could feel the
false cock sliding slowly from her pulsing pussy. She did her best to grip it
with her vaginal muscles but the vibrations in her anal passage made it very
difficult to concentrate. The constant vibration was stimulating her clitoris
which in turn was making her pussy extremely wet.
      "Look at her, it's pouring out," noted Mrs King, as fluid welled out from
around the pink shaft.
      "Good job you put that cloth down Alison," said Joanne, "the little slut
would have soaked your carpet!" They were soon all giggling at Lisa's helpless
arousal.
      "Right my girl. Each time you drop your little toy you'll earn a stroke of
the cane," said Mrs Henderson as she stood to one side of her lodger's spread
buttocks, "so you'd better keep that pussy of yours nice and tight for a
change!" As Helen took the strap she licked her lips in anticipation of the
strokes she was about to apply to the young woman's widespread hindquarters.
      "Thwack!" The black leather curled agonisingly around the inside of a soft
thigh.
      "Aiiieeeeeeeeee!....oh...oh...ahhhhhhh....please!"
      "That's the spot Helen she felt that one!"
      "Really hard this time, make the little tart sing!"
      "Thwack!"
      "Aaaahhhhhhhhhhh!....Nooooooo!....No!....Oh god stop!" squealed Lisa
jerking on the tabletop like a hooked fish, her legs shaking uncontrollably. She
very nearly closed them altogether but in doing so forced a couple of inches of
pink plastic into the daylight. Panic stricken she resumed the wide legged
stance, squeezing her vaginal muscles onto the dildo as hard as she could.
Sobbing loudly she waited for the next stroke.
      "Thwack!" Again she screamed but this time, much to her dismay, the
plastic cock slipped from her saturated vagina and landed on the cloth beneath
her.
      "One," said Mrs Henderson triumphantly, picking the dildo up and pushing
it roughly back inside Lisa, "and what a poor effort girl, you'd better try
harder than that or you'll not be sitting down for a week!"

          They each took a turn applying their strokes with as much venom and
force as they could muster. With her wrists still pinioned in the middle of her
back Lisa could only thrash and wriggle on the table at each searching impact.
The strap visited some highly sensitive areas. Her inner thighs, the top of her
bum cheeks where they met her hips, her calves, the creases across the backs of
her knees and the outer curves of her soft buttocks and thighs. Each time her
legs buckled or closed Mrs Henderson delivered a forceful smack to the juddering
buttocks as close to the protruding black rod as she could,
      "Bad girl!" "Smack!"
      "Back in position!" "Smack!"
      "Do as you're told!" "Smack!"
      "Legs apart, do it properly!"
Each time the strap landed Lisa convulsed to some degree but the ladies took
their time, waiting until she'd resumed the required position so that each cruel
impact could be fully appreciated by the writhing girl. Timothy watched
incredulously, his cock pulsing at the amazing spectacle. Much to his
disappointment he wasn't allowed  a turn with the strap. Throughout the painful
twenty minutes the women delighted in Lisa's shrill screams and copious tears,
her pleas and entreaties ignored completely. The pink dildo had fallen to the
floor eight times in total, several times there had been an audible "plop" as it
was ejected from the close and very wet confines of her aching pussy.

          Her pitiful sobbing filled the room as the group surveyed their
handiwork. Red streaks crisscrossed the backs of the shaking legs. Several
followed the curves of her inner thighs and crimson bum cheeks. She groaned as
the thin rod was slowly withdrawn from her bottom, thankful at least that Mrs
Henderson hadn't treated her to a second dose of it's "spiky" ball. As she was
urged to her feet Alison released her wrists. She swayed in front of them on
unsteady legs, her bottom and legs burning ferociously, her eyes brimming with
tears.
      "Eight strokes with the cane young lady," said her landlady glancing
meaningfully at the boy, "who would you like to give them to you......mmmm?"
Lisa saw the intention immediately,
      "Oh Miss, please, please, please not him, I couldn't bear it, please no!"
The ladies laughed uproariously, all agreeing that Timothy was the perfect
choice.
      "Ask Master Timothy to punish you and address him properly or you'll be
very sorry my girl!" Lisa stared wildly around the room, the thought of the boy
punishing her in front of them all filled her with shame. A young boy being
allowed to cane her would be dreadfully embarassing but she knew there would be
no escape. She looked at his grinning face and hard cock, the women were staring
at her intensely, waiting to see her sink to this new depth of humiliation. Very
quietly she said,
      "P...P...Please Sir," she swallowed hard, "will you cane me?" The boy
responded with a forceful "Yes" much to the ladies delight.

          Yellow and wickedly thin, the cane was extremely supple. He bent it
double in his hands as Mrs Henderson forced Lisa over the back of a dining
chair.
      "Stick your fat arse out for the cane you little tart," said the older
woman, "we all want to see you get it and I know you want us to watch!" Timothy
swished the cane through the air experimentally, the noise was enough to make
Lisa's red bum cheeks flinch and clench in anticipation. She knew it was going
to hurt horribly.
      "Go ahead Timothy, as hard as you like. We all know the dirty girl
deserves it," said Mrs Henderson, "and remember to count each stroke out loud
for us young lady." There was a whirr as the cane sliced through the air then
wrapped itself around the fullness of the already very sore bottom. A white hot
line burnt it's way into Lisa's consciousness, she screamed in shock and pain,
her hands grabbing her wounded flesh as she screamed.     
      "Aaaaarrrrrrrrhhhhh! Oh God! Please! Please!" Doubled over she suddenly
remembered what she had to do, "One!" The cruel indignities she suffered so far
were nothing compared to this.
      "Get your hands away girl! Get over that chair at once!" Taking careful
aim he brought the cane down across the flinching cheeks again. Her hips and
bottom wriggled in the most extraordinary way in their response to the searching
intensity of the thin cane.
      "Oooooooooooohhhhhh! Oh God! Oh God! Two!"  She continued to squirm and
twist in the most provocative manner, no longer worried that she was blatantly
displaying the pink folds of her most intimate flesh to the boy. The strokes
continued to cut her bottom and at every one her full hips rose. It seemed
endless, her shrieks, the pain, the humiliation that it was a young boy doing
this to her. Amidst the gales of laughter she wondered if any of them knew how
much it hurt and if they cared? Dark stripes soon crossed the swollen cheeks in
all directions. At the eighth and final stroke she collapsed to the floor crying
hysterically, her hands clasped to her wounded bum cheeks, rubbing the tight
flesh in an attempt to ease the ferocious burning.
      "Stand up girl and thank the young gentleman properly," said Mrs Henderson
laughing, "he's managed to teach you a much needed lesson by the look of it."
Lisa stumbled slowly to her feet, tears streaming down her very red cheeks.
      "Th....Th....Thankyou for caning me Sir," she sobbed.
      "Now I think it would be a nice gesture if you demonstrated your
appreciation in a more practical way young lady. Christine needs to be on her
way and obviously we can't send her nephew away in that state!" The ladies eyes
were once again drawn to the furiously stiff penis. They began laughing and
giggling as Lisa's face went through a series of contortions. Her disbelief was
plain to see,
      "I couldn't Miss! Not in front of everyone, please don't make me, he's
just a boy!"
      "Shut up you stupid girl! Now you ask nicely to be allowed to suck him or
we'll all take a turn with the cane and believe me you'll wish we hadn't!"

          Lisa looked frantically around the room hoping that some miraculous
happening would reveal a way out for her. But of course there would be no
escape, their expectant eyes met her own with amusement and excitement, they
wanted to see her defiled in every possible way. Wanted to see her suck the boy,
wanted to see her squirm with embarrassment. Wanted her to do exactly as she was
told. The threat of the cane made her comply. Very quietly she asked,
      "May I suck your cock Sir?" Wild laughter filled the room.
      "Yes you may," he said sternly, playing his part perfectly for the ladies.
He sat down on the chair his rigid penis jutting excitedly upwards from his lap.
Lisa immediately knelt in front of him hoping to get it over and done with as
quickly as possible.
      "Just as I thought," said Joanne, "look at her she can't wait to get at
it!"
      "She's certainly a little tart!" said Helen. Susan Sellers watched
intently, her eyes dancing with excitement and a wetness in her knickers. This
evening had opened her eyes to a whole new world. Watching the woman humiliated
had awakened her own sadistic impulses and had turned her on amazingly, jut as
much as playing with the boys hard on had.
      "Hands behind your back girl," shouted Mrs King as Lisa bent forwards to
take the shiny engorged head in her mouth. The boy gasped at the exquisite
sensation as she took almost the whole of his length into her throat. As she
sucked she moved her head back and forth, licking his glans all over. The women
made remarks about her technique, how she was obviously a whore and commented on
her sluttish nature before collapsing amid roars of laughter. She didn't hear
much of their teasing as she was concentrating on the hard cock in her mouth. It
didn't take long, suddenly the boy convulsed and grabbed her hair. His penis
exploded in her mouth and he groaned loudly as spurts of thick semen filled her
throat. She swallowed as quickly as she could surprised at the volume of come
that pumped out of the young cock. Totally spent Timothy collapsed back onto the
chair. The ladies clapped and giggled amongst themselves.
     
          As the boy left the room to get dressed all eyes focused on Lisa,
their attention making her embarrassingly aware of her nakedness once again. Mrs
Henderson made herself comfortable at the centre of the settee. Alison, her
mother and Helen joined her. Together they all looked expectantly at Lisa who
was still kneeling on the carpet.
      "Come here girl," said Mrs Henderson placing a cushion on her knee, "lie
over my lap on your back, get a move on!" Jackie, Joanne, Miss Cooper and Susan
all moved their chairs closer so they wouldn't miss what was going to happen
next, sure in the knowledge that it would involve maximum shame, and hopefully
pain, for Lisa.

          As for Lisa herself she was horribly aware of how wet and sticky her
pussy and bumhole were. In truth she'd been turned on since she'd had to put on
the awful party dress several hours before. Anticipation, fear and her
imagination had kept her moist until actual events had overtaken her
fantasising. Several times she'd been forced to the edge of orgasm but then
denied. Pain from the spankings, the strap and the cane was even now turning to
a pleasant glow which suffused her sex totally. Her boobs were tingling but her
bum and the back of her legs were still sore, this just added to her state of
extreme sensitivity. She was so turned on it was frightening, the more
humiliating the situation had become the wetter she'd got. Sucking the boy's
hard excited cock had set her pussy pulsing madly, especially having to do it in
front of them all. It was certainly getting late, the boy and his aunt looked as
if they were getting ready to leave, so whatever was about to happen would
probably be the final test of her obedience for this evening. She stood up,
aware of the women's frank appraisal of her nudity, and went to stand in front
of her landlady. With boobs wobbling delightfully she gingerly sat down on the
cushion. Mrs Henderson grabbed her hips, turned her to one side and forced her
down on her back. She gasped as the rough material of the cushion cover rubbed
against her sore buttocks.

      Lisa's head rested on Mrs King's lap, her legs rested across Alison's and
Helen's knees, but the cushion beneath her bottom pushed her pussy upwards. Her
plump hairless pubic mound thrust shamelessly forwards, her legs falling
slightly apart as her face burned. Positioned this way the wet slit of her
vagina was totally unprotected.
      "Hands above your head." She did as she was told. "Ladies if you'd be so
kind." Strong hands immediately gripped her ankles and wrists. She felt helpless
as the women gazed down at her bare front.
      "Well young lady you've proved tonight what a disgusting little girl you
really are. You seem to have no shame where this fat pussy of yours is
concerned." Lisa squealed as the woman suddenly thrust a finger between the
slippery labia and into her wet hole. Involuntarily her hips lifted to meet the
invading digit. "You seem to enjoy showing it to everyone we meet so it seems
only fitting that I should punish it for you!" Lisa gasped, frightened but
aroused by the threat. She didn't dare speak.
      "Smack!" The sting took her by surprise making her squeal and grind her
bottom onto the cushion.
      "Smack!" She writhed madly across the women's laps, tears springing to her
eyes.
      "Smack!" The hand bounced off the plump pussy flesh. Her clitoris and
labia stinging ferociously she began moaning  and crying,
      "Owwwwww!...Ahhhh!..God Noooooo!" The women held her securely as her
smiling landlady continued to smack the unprotected pussy. Lisa's screams began
to bounce around the room as the blows continued, her pubis quickly turned pink
then red. The stinging fingers caught her clitoris and pussy lips again and
again. Fluid leaked out from the wet slit and spread across the writhing thighs,
      "Dirt dirty girl!" said Mrs Henderson as she carried on slapping the
sensitive flesh. Lisa screamed and groaned, pleasure and pain flowing together
in an overwhelming flood of sensations. She was crying hysterically by the time
it finished but the women still held her tightly. As her eyes opened and her
vision came back into focus she realised the boy was back and had been watching
her shameful display. Her faced burned with humiliation.

      "Well my girl Timothy has school tomorrow so he's got to go. Christine
thinks it would help his education if he saw how a dirty girl like you reacts
when she reaches orgasm so that's exactly what we're going to do now! We're
going to make you come so the boy can watch, now you'd like that wouldn't you
with us all here as well?" The women and the boy were laughing loudly as Lisa
began writhing and pleading,
      "No No No Please not in front of him! I've been really good please Miss,
please don't make me come for him. Oh god!" She closed her eyes to try and
escape their laughter and mocking faces. She jerked violently as a hand moved
suddenly up the inside of her thigh. Her eyes shot open to see Susan Sellers
leaning forwards and smiling broadly as she caressed the soft thigh. Fingers
touched her pussy and began to part the swollen labia, she threw her head back
and gritted her teeth desperate not to react but a long moan escaped her throat.
      "Come on you little tart lets show Timmy how you like to come on someone's
fingers," Susan said, coaxing another groan from the helpless woman. The girl's
fingers delved in and out of the slippery crack, sliding up to tease the hard
clitoral stub then back to the moist opening. She began to use both hands,
pushing several fingers in and out of the soaking slit and at the same time
pinching and rubbing the inflamed clitoris. The orgasm Lisa so desperately
craved began building low down in her belly, she didn't want the grinning boy to
see her come, it was so embarrassing but she couldn't help herself. Hands began
squeezing her boobs and pulling her nipples adding to her arousal. Then it was
happening, her vaginal muscles began contracting on the teasing fingers. The boy
stared in wonder as she writhed in sexual abandon. Spasms overtook her muscles
and her moaning suddenly increased in volume and intensity. She jerked herself
violently on Susan's fingers consumed by pleasure so intense it was almost
painful. The release was all consuming and as the throes of the orgasm passed
she gulped in air, groaning and panting as the tingling between her legs slowly
subsided. Through half closed eyes she looked at the boy's hot face. His obvious
delight in seeing her most private of moments made her shudder with humiliation.
Susan pulled her fingers from the soaking pink crack.

          Lisa was roughly pushed to her feet as the women began saying their
farewells. The boy treated her to a triumphant smile as he left the room with
his aunt. Trembling she was left alone standing by the settee. She heard them
leaving then Alison came back and handed her the horrible party dress to put on.
      "Right you little tart, you're going home now but I've been thinking.
Tonight has been so much fun I think I'll hold another party and next time I'll
invite some men as well. That'd be exciting for you wouldn't it?" Lisa's worried
red face emerged from the neck of the frock. Alison laughed at the young woman's
reaction to her threat as her mother, Helen and Mrs Henderson returned in their
coats.
      "We'll be off now Alison, thanks for a lovely evening. Lisa's really
enjoyed herself. I'm sure she's dying to do it all again sometime!"

          Sitting in the back of the car on the way home Lisa's pussy and bum
and boobs all felt sore and she was exhausted. She'd almost dropped off to sleep
when she suddenly realised the three women were talking about her. She listened
in horror as they began to discuss ways in which they might test her obedience
in the future. To her dismay men and boys featured in lots of their ideas and
they laughed and giggled at each suggestion. Being made to expose herself in
public places sounded awful and sent shivers down her spine but when the word
dog was mentioned she cringed in fear and disbelief. Surely they couldn't mean
it, they had to be joking just to frighten her. She prayed they were.

          When they arrived at Helen's house she insisted they come in for a hot
drink. After a few moments reluctance Mrs King and Mrs Henderson agreed.
      "While we have our coffee would it be alright if James examined your
little girl Jean? I'm sure he'll be fascinated to see how she's been
disciplined." Much to Lisa's chagrin her landlady agreed immediately. Apparently
it was an excellent idea and would teach Lisa another lesson which she wouldn't
easily forget! Once inside the house Helen explained to her husband that he
could examine the blushing young women for a while. Earlier in the shop he'd
been able to have a quick look at her charms but now he had a much better
opportunity. He smiled broadly at his wife as he ushered Lisa into the living
room, the three ladies retired to the kitchen. Sitting down in an armchair he
made Lisa stand in front of him.
      "Get that dress off you little slut I want a proper look at you this
time!" Lisa knew better than to argue. Slowly she pulled it over her head her
reddened breasts spilling out towards him.
      "Looks like that fat pussy of yours has been taught a lesson or two
tonight, put your hands behind your back." With her heart beating rapidly she
did as she was told. Standing naked in front of him was dreadfully embarrassing
but she was getting wet and hot between her legs again! Maybe everything they'd
said about her was true...she was a slut! His big hands moulded themselves
around her very sensitive breasts. He squeezed hard making her gasp in pain.
Tears sprang to her eyes as he pulled at the stiff nipples.
      "Turn around and bend right over you little tart. Let me have a look at
those secret little holes of yours!" As she bent with widely spread legs he
whistled at the sight of her buttocks and thighs, they were bright red and
crisscrossed with darker welts. By the time the women came into the room a few
moments later Lisa was writhing and gasping as he roughly explored both of her
openings. She began to sob as his fingers stretched her open,
      "Well James what do you think of my little slut?" asked Mrs Henderson.
Helen's husband turned and smiled, his fingers deep inside Lisa's belly,
      "You were right Jean she can't get enough of it. She's nearly come and I
haven't even touched her clit!" He turned back to Lisa,
      "I bet you'd like to come and help Mrs Scott and me in the shop one
Saturday wouldn't you, you dirty girl?" Lisa sobbed more loudly as they all
laughed.

          Their laughter was still ringing in her ears when Mrs King dropped
them off an hour later outside the house. Mrs Henderson told her to have a quick
shower then get to bed. After all it was Friday tomorrow and work beckoned.
      "Did you have a lovely time tonight young lady?" she said, "Your behaviour
at times was quite disgusting! Letting that boy touch you, whatever next!
Obviously you enjoyed pleasuring his penis as well! I think I might discuss you
with his Aunt, Miss Cooper, she knows how to curb a dirty girl's bad habits I'm
sure. No doubt she'd get her nephew to help her!" She smiled wickedly at the
panic stricken and very red face of her lodger,
      "Off you go then!" As she watched the young woman scamper up the stairs,
red bum cheeks flashing from beneath the ridiculously short dress, she thought
what an excellent evening it had been. The next time they'd make the girl go
even further, she grinned, ah yes.......the next time!

The End.
YNHumiliator - November 2001




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ynhumiliator


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





