BDSM Library - Who Blows the Candles Out?




Who Blows the Candles Out?
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She married the rich man without knowing much about him. One day they were robbed by 4 men and she found her hunsband didn't care about her at all.
Another story from PAGAN
 kayce69@haytor.fsworld.co.uk

                                      WHO BLOWS THE CANDLES OUT ?


     Charlotte,a 29yr old vision of loveliness,she could have been a cat walk
model,but no,she had a child like innocent beauty  what you would have expected
from a convent up bringing,she was sitting in the restaurant with her husband
Paul,a man 16 yrs her senior and his 13 yr old daughter  Clare,was a teenager
today,they were having a birthday lunch before her big outing with her two best
friends tonight.Charlotte felt uncomfortable slightly aware of the three men who
watched them, being such an attractive woman she often got stares so she did her
best to forget about it besides she did,nt want anything to spoil today, she
took no notice, her main happiness was the relief that she would`nt have Clare`s
older brothers to get drunk and cause trouble,she adored Clare but despised
them.

    Charlotte Richmond now Banning was an only child,both parents were dead and
only an uncle some where in the dim distant past as her family,when her mother
died and father knew he would not last long she was sent to a convent,father
knew that his brother had offered to look after Charlotte but he also knew that
his brother wanted more than a new daughter he wanted something nice to play
with,he had seen the way he looked at her,not only was his brother replusive but
also being deformed with a large humped back it was unlikely he would ever marry
and the thought of his beautifull daughter alone in a house with him, oh no she
was much safer at the convent.She had taken to music,lived a full concert
playing life living out of a suitcase in old bedsit`s or boarding house`s till
at 25 she meet Paul ,he had lost his first wife after a car she was driving
mysteriesly crashed and now seemed so lonely and in need of tender loving care,
he was such a gentle sweet man,a little over weight but most rich men are,he
gave her everything she could have wished for and she of course enjoyed the high
life so after a very romantic but short courtship he married his virgin
bride.Maybe he would`nt have, if  the courtship had been longer and she had meet
his son`s before the marrage,18 yr old James 17 yr old Andy and 15 yr old Simon
they were boarding school rich boy`s and Paul would never hear anything against
them,he used to say that they are going to take over the firm one day,they must
be perfect,it was like they had a power over him,he gave little time to lovely
Clare and thats why she was Charlotte`s favourite,a young teenager but she was
allready a stunning beauty.

The bill was duly paid and the three left for home,maybe a swim in their pool or
just to relax before tonight,they had only been home some twenty minutes when
the bell went,Paul answered it and was hit full in the face as the three men
from the restaurant with a fourth barged their way in,dragging Paul and throwing
him on to a chair,Charlotte and Clare just sat in stunned silence.

"That`s right ladies everybody stay calm and quite nobody move and nobody will
get hurt,would`nt want to spoil the little ladies birthday now would we,a little
business to sort then we will be on our way."

Paul holding his bleeding nose sat up in the chair as the women held on to each
other,Clare wished she had`nt worn the rather short skirt and crop top as one of
the men feasted his gaze on her young body which was only made worse as he cast
his eyes along to the fullness of Charlotte`s blouse and long tanned leg`s that
made her skirt look even shorter in the sitting postion.

" O.K. fatso your kids have run up enough gambling debts with the boss,so you
get to pay them off or that bloody nose will be  only the beginning of your
discomfort or of course we could hurt the ladies, my friend here is a bit of a
sadist and I can assure you he would enjoy that."

     "I,ll pay,I,ll pay please don`t hurt me,do what you like to the women but
please don`t hurt me,I don`t have a lot of money here but you can have a
cheque,it`s good for it,"

The two women could`nt believe their ears,do what you like,I,ll pay,what kind of
man was this.

"The bill is 12,000,if it`s a cheque  you and me are going to the bank to get
it,I,m not going back to the governer with out cash so for fuck sake stop
sniffling, go and get your coat,come on move your fat ass let`s get this over
with."

  Paul moved,got his coat he was almost running for the door,while this was
happening the two women had their wrist`s fastened behind them with cable straps
and told to sit quite and not do anything silly, the three  men looked round the
large house for drink and goods worth taking,it had`nt been long when two of
them came back and asked Charlotte where the wall safe was.

  The wall safe was in the bedroom behind a light fitting she knew it only had
about 1700 in it but it also contained her jewellery and  that she did`nt want
to lose,she thought of lying but there was little choice as the one who seemed
to be the boss got hold of Clare`s head and held a knife to her eye then with
evil in his face he just looked at Charlotte.

"One or two with your martini,you would`nt have to keep an eye on your drink and
she`d be blind drunk,here`s lookin at ya,"  his laugh was as evil as his look.

 He waved the knife closer and Charlotte knew she had no way out of this,she
gave in.

"Stop,leave her alone I.ll show you,it`s upstair`s".

He pulled her to her feet and they both went into the hall and up the
stair`s,leaving the other one downstairs, as they climbed the stair`s she felt
his hand on her back,then it slid down to be pushing her as well as feeling all
over her ass,her steps quickened as much as her skirt and tied hands would let
her,she was almost running as they reached the top of the stair`s and turned
into the master bedroom.

"It`s behind the middle wall light,pull it down and turn anti-clockwise."

  He sat her down in one of the three chairs and soon he had the money and the
jewellery on the dressing table ready to start counting,it was`nt long before he
was disturbed by the another thug coming in carrying a bag that Charlotte knew
only too well,he emptied the contence on the chair.

"What the fuck Ray, were did you find that lot."

"In one of the rooms I reckon it`s one of the son`s rooms by the look of it,
these must be his and he must have a hot ass girlfriend with one hell of a
kink,someone's into bondage and sex toy`s in a big way."

Charlotte looked at the chair,there were ropes, ring gags,straps,clips and
differant types of vibrators,she shuddered,these were things she had put to the
back of her mind but things that would not stay there and as the men continued
to count the money and check the jewellery, she looked at the bag,memories of
the past four years flooded back to  the first time she had meet her stepson`s.

She had been married for 5 weeks when the boy`s came home for the summer
break,Clare was in Sweden for summer sking,it was just before Paul was due to
fly to Berlin for a business week,she was nervous at meeting them and she soon
realised why,arrogant was not the word.For the five days before Pauls trip they
treated him like a servent you would`nt beleave that they were the son`s he
idlelized,as for Charlotte, they did`nt have much to do with her, she was
treated more as a house guest than their new mother,polite but nothing else
except they whispered and smiled a lot when she was around.

The day came and Paul left for Berlin,there was a strange feeling around the
house,like just before a storm a kind of quite,Charlotte felt uneasy,she was in
the kitchen cleaning up after tea,trying not to get her new summer dress wet
when she heard them laughing in the lounge,hoping to become more like a family
she went to see what was happening,James and Andy sat on the big sofa and Simon
was in the easy chair.

 "Hello we have a visitor come in,sit with us we are going to watch a video why
don`t you watch with us maybe you would enjoy it,it is unusual," Simon
sniggered.

Charlotte went over and sat between the two elder boys they smiled at her and
pressed play,the screen flickered and came to life.

The picture showed a sitting room with French window`s, a woman came through
them and suddenly there were three masked men who jumped her , pinning the
struggling woman to the floor while ripping her clothes off,when she was naked
she was lifted up and her wrists were tied behind her, she was bent over a table
as one of the attackers came behind her with his cock out and pushed it in her
ass and started to fuck it, as the woman on the screen tried to wriggle and move
so did Charlotte.

"I don`t think any of us should be watching this,turn it off I,m sorry to spoil
your fun but I think it`s disgusting"  said Charlotte trying to get up

The two boy`s held her firm,"Come on mummy if you don`t watch it we can allways
make you."

Charlotte, now very frightend went to move again,James nodded to Simon as the
grip on Charlotte tightened,Simon got up picking up a bag that had been on the
floor beside his chair,he was  in front of Charlotte he pulled out a rope about
18 inchs with a slip knot at ether end which were soon round each of Charlottes
wrist`s,she was pushed forward and her elbows fastened with a strap pulling the
rope tight across the front and pinning her hands to her side while this was
happening Simon had straped her ankles together,she was shouting and screaming
so much that they had great delight in fitting a ball gag in her mouth,then they
pulled her back and resumed watching the film.

Charlottes mind raced but she could not help seeing the video,by now the poor
woman was still tied kneeling forward with her legs spread over one guy with one
cock up her another pushing her down with his cock in her ass while the third
was kneeling in front of her enjoying the plesure of pulling her hair up and
fucking her mouth,there was a slow feeling of fear as she looked at the room
this poor woman was in,she knew it,how could that be,my god, it was the summer
house at the side of the lake and as the picture panned to the cock in her mouth
she could see it was Pauls first wife,their mother.

A sharp yelp and a long groan alerted the boy`s to Charlottes realization,Andy
whispered in her ear,"Mother was a bloody good fuck and it was fun making her
enjoy the fuckings we gave her,she could never suck cock like that before we
taught her,well it was ether go along with what we wanted or live as a poorper
you see we had picture`s of her affair with dad`s partner,she used to go out
with him,allways had a soft spot which is good because that made it easy to
plant the idea in dads mind but she never had the affair,oh no, it was only
James and his wizardry on the computer that made those pictures great plus a few
forged sex letters for good measure,she knew nothing about computers anyway, 
after that she knew we meant business so she did what all mothers should do and
looked after her boys needs, then there were other photos,you understand the
real ones we took later, they where enough to keep her legs open when ever we
wanted to fuck her,we all fucked her a lot for 18 months then she kills
herself,all because she had James baby we told her to stay on the pill,does that
shock you mummy dear, I bet dad did`nt tell you about that baby,we put the idea
in dads head it was from an affair, suppose that`s what pushed her over the edge
anyway she died with her,she would have taken Clare aswell after we told her the
plans we have for that beauties cute body,then you came along, you don`t know
how pleased we where to see dad marry a nice young piece of cunt all so one with
big tit`s as a bonus,mums tit`s were never big enough to tie up,but yours should
pop out a treat."

Charlotte struggled,"Don`t fight it, you arn`t going anywhere,well that's not
strictly true, we are taking you upstairs to bed,do you like the big four
poster,we had mum get dad to buy it, you can see some of the rope rub marks on
the post where mum used to try and get untied while Simon was using the nipple
clamps on her, I wonder what you,ll do when he use`s them on your big brown
point`s".

 Jame`s stopped watching the video and spoke to her,"Andy been filling you in on
our fun time`s,you can see for yourself some of them you can watch them all, we
have a dozen more films all rape we did like to spank mum as you can see,"  on
the screen the poor woman was tied over the table sucking a cock while the other
two where beating her with wooden spoons and to add to her indignity there was a
banana sticking out of her cunt.

James continued,"Well new mummy dear how much fun are you going to be, does`nt
sound to us like you`ve fucked around a lot,seems a waste  not to have that
sweet little hole of yours fucked to it`s full capacity,I bet having all three
of us fucking each hole at once is going to be a new experience for you , I do
hope you can learn to suck cock all the way and swallow, there is nothing better
than good head don`t you agree and as for that little beauty between your legs,
we will trim it up the way we like it and fuck it all differant ways till we
find what you like best,oh yes beleave me there is nothing more fun than a hot
woman,one who really hates you, begging you to fuck her, especialy if you can
keep her hot and begging for it all night long and I,ve got just the things to
use on your cunt for that.Talking of begging we will also find your pain
thresh-hold or should I say thrash-hold that`s Simons favorite,I warn you  don`t
get in a room alone with him to often,not with the amount of restraints he has,
you will have little choice in the matter and he`s got some great gags so we
won`t hear you,if he gets you alone he will fuck you and beat you in ways you
can`t imagine and as  you can see from the video we like to fuck for a long time
so do you think you can you get used to some all night sessions,bet you can,why
don`t we go upstairs,get these clothes off,have a play with you and make a
start."

As they went up stairs there was Simon pulling her by a dog lead he had fitted
and the other two walked at her side,James lent over to her and kissed a tear
that was running down her face," Get used to it,there is nothing you can do,we
intend to fuck you for a long time to come I have already got some goods on
you,on my hard-drive I have rigged up pictures of you pregnant,letters from a
clinic that did the abortion and a signed document on how they rigged the blood
capsule for your virgin bride rip-off as you tried to bag a rich husband and
remember if mum gave up trying to reason with us you would be wasting your time,
dad will get rid of you and you can do nothing about it he will believe us and
any other problems you may give us, me and my computer will eliminate them,now
let`s go in to the bedroom and see what you have between those lovely legs of
yours,would you like me to carry you over the thresh-hold mummy."

James bent down and picked her up, she slumped over his shoulder,he grined at
the other two as he turned and went into the bedroom,he stood in front of the
big mirror and looked at her pert ass sticking up,he was unable to recessed such
a lovely sight,his hand went to the back of her knee and slowly moved up
watching it`s movement up under her light summer dress,the other two came round
and they too slid their hands up her leg`s soon they were all feeling the
helpless womans bottom  she groaned, wriggled and fought to free her self but to
no avail.

Simon came and bent to Charlottes ear,"You got a nice firm beautiful ass it
should make a nice sound when I sting it,mum could really dance on the end of a
rope bet you do too."Charlotte let out another moan.

As James spoke to her he through Charlotte onto the bed which knocked the wind
out of her making her gasp in the gag,Andy retied her ankles,"Just going to keep
you immobile for a little longer but soon we will cheer you up by opening those
lovely legs,they do look inviting now you can`t pull your dress down ,nice
shape,nice tan,I can`t wait to see the white bit`s but we must go and get the
rest of the kit I really think you will need a lot of breaking in and believe me
we will enjoy every minute of it."

They left the room and she pulled at her tight bonds, her ankles had been
crossed it would be impossable to stand but could she get to the door and lock
it somehow she moved to the edge of the bed and tottered carefully,the first hop
sent her to the floor she wriggled and crawled towards the door,if she could
just get to the wall,slide up and lock it,she got close she could hear them as
she reached the wall their voices got louder,they were coming to the stair`s as
she slid up the wall,she was just putting her hand on the lock as Simons hand
closed on hers,and James voice came from behind.

"Oh dear mummy does`nt want to play with the boy`s,she will have to be tought to
do as she is told,Simon would you like to teach mummy I,m sure you won`t mind
besides Andy and me can always go and prepare the video and set scenes for
mummys film debut,here you will need the bag,"Simon took the bag and looked at
Charlotte,"Me and mummy alone for a time, will you play happy families with me?
we are going to hear that nice sound of ass slapping sooner than I hoped,bye
fellas,"and he shut the door behind him and starred at her.

All the boy`s were strong for their age and Simon was already a good rugby
player so he had no trouble in pulling Charlotte to the bottom of the bed,her
elbows untied and a rope around her wrist tie`s forced her arm`s straight up to
the bed canopy,leaving her at full stretch facing the bed,Simon stood behind her
running his hands up and down her back then to her ass,squeezing it, fondling
it,then pulling her dress up slowly revelling her beautiful legs till he could
slide his hand round and touch her pants feeling her  cunt through the thin
nylon ,both hands came round and pushed under her pants sliding between her legs
letting his finger  probe into her slit, he pulled her back and ground his hard
cock onto her ass so she could feel just how big and hard he was.

"I think it`s time to tie those legs apart and have a good feel up your legs
infact all over this body of yours,pity I shall have to cut your new dress but
I,m sure daddy will buy you a new one if you ask him,  you can give him a nice
blow-job,I don`t see how could anyone refuse you with such a pretty mouth full
of cock".

 With the movement of an expert Charlotte soon had her legs wide apart and tied
to the corners of the bed,Simon brought over the bedroom stool and sat behind
her,his hands again wondering up under her dress to her inner thighs,this time
he had total freedom between her spread legs,his fingers first enjoying her
ass-hole before seeing how far two fingers would go up into her cunt,Charlotte
could do nothing but hang there as the abuser relished his task,it seemed to go
on for ever but it was the sound of scissors cutting cloth that brought a bigger
threat closer to her.

Simon cut every bit of the dress from her body leaving her in just her black
nylon pants, her tit`s were firm enough not to need a bra she only wore one to
hid her long thick nipples from view, soon Simon was finding that out for his
self,he could`nt resist standing behind her and massaging her tit`s pulling her
nipple`s twisting them in his fingers,he whispered"With tit`s this size you will
be able to lick and suck your own nipples for my viewing pleasure`s," tears of
pain ran down her face but he just twisted harder,still whispering in her
ear,"This is nothing to the pain I,m going to give your ass."

As she tried to stop crying he was cutting her pants from her body revealing her
pert full rounded ass,pulling her hair back he pushed the torn pants under her
nose,"Smell good, they should do seeing where they have just been,but it`s not
the pant`s I want it`s what goes in them", then reaching in the bag he got out
his favourite paddle ready to turn her ass red,he rolled up his sleeve and took
his first full blow,being tied the way she was there was no way out of the blow
and the gag did it`s job of making her scream a pathetic cry.

Blow after blow stung every bit of her bottom,at first Charlotte screamed into
her gag but as the attack heated her ass she just hung and sobbed,Simon
stopped,"I,ll let your ass cool down before a little caning,"she shook her head
as she felt his fingers probing her ass,"Spanking allways gives me a hard on and
as it was your ass that caused it then it`s only fair I use your ass-hole to
releave it,I bet it`s the first time anyone has fucked your ass,hope you enjoy
it,I know  I will."

She felt a wet finger pushing in the crack and then she moaned as his hard cock
forced it self in and up till it pushed into her, she screamed as he broke
through but he kept going until all his 7 inches was buried in her, loving the
squeals that came from behind the ball in her mouth, as if the pounding in her
ass was not bad enough he took great delight in twisting her nipples
again,pulling them hard forward till she thought they would come off in his
hands,her cunt was the next to feel his lust being pulled apart as his fingers
twisted her clit making her squirm to his pleasure only offering to stop if she
wiggled herself into him as he fucked her ass mercilessly.

"Come on mummy enjoy it,you ass fuck greatbut I can`t feel a sticky wet cunt
yet, still that will come, you better get used to  having your ass screwed,if we
had kept fucking mothers ass you would`nt be here,but you are, so take it, take
it all,it`s coming,get ready for a hole full of cream,"in the next moment   she
felt him pump her full,"God that was one good fuck,"he said pulling himself  out
then she felt his cream ooze out of her,she heard it dripping on to her bedroom
carpet.

"Now what we need is a good caning just to let you know what you get if you
don`t give it to us all the time at anytime we want, do you understand,if we
want to make a film,you fuck,if we need it at night,you fuck,at anytime and in
any hole,you fuck,"with that the first strike of the cane whipped through the
air hitting her just above her sore ass-hole,she shot forward the bed creaked
but held her firm for the second and third that had her almost chewing the ball
gag.

"I,ll give you a few more then I will see if you feel like showing me how good
you kiss and suck cock and how far you can get it down your throat,the way you
lick balls and of course you swallow every drop,because the more come drops I
can count the more cane strokes I can count,you understand."

She tried to nod but the fourth and fifth cane strokes got her jumping again
then a gap as she waited for the sixth and he made sure that one was the best.

As soon as he untied her wrists she slumped forward onto the bed,"Don`t leave
your ass up like that I may give it some more", he laughed as she tried to bend
her tied legs,her legs were released from the bed then she was dragged down to
the kneeling postion her arms pulled up and over her head then down hard to be
fastened off with the rope around her waist before going down to her ankles that
were crossed and tied again,he sat on the stool beside her and admired his handy
work while squeezing and mauling her tit`s.

"Now the gags coming off and I don`t want to hear a sound from you just the
slurping and sucking of my cock in your mouth,that's if I can leave these tit`s
alone long enough,there a nice big handful,you know I would love to tie them up
but we are saving that for a movie that you will be staring in it,in this movie
we will tie them and you up and then hang you by them,people pay a fortune for
that stuff."

Charlotte groaned again as the gag was taken off,"Water",was all she was aloud
to say,Simon grinned told her to open her mouth put his cock in and started to
piss,tied the way she was it was easy for him to empty his bladder into her then
stand back and laugh as she retched and chocked,"Allright you had a drink now
suck the other stuff out of it",he grabbed her hair and she could do nothing but
open her mouth and let him fuck it,in between hard fucks he would take it out
and make her kiss ,lick it and tickle his balls with her tongue and every time
he put it back in her mouth he pushed further down her throat until all seven
inches filled her mouth and throat fucking her face faster and faster till
suddenly, holding her still, he came.



Simon stood up and pushed her to the side,"Lay there mummy I,ll tell the others
to come and see my art markings your ass makes a fine canvass,"Charlotte just
lay,tears running down her face trying to spit out as much of his filth as she
could soon the other two came in,"Oh poor mummy,we warned you about Simon, come
on lets rub some cream on your botty",they lifted her on to the bed undid the
ropes then they laid her flat and tied her arms up to the bedhead,even with the
red marks and tear stains she still looked beautiful.

"You want us to gag you", she shook her head,"Good,then it snog time with
mummy,give us a kiss,"James held her jaw hard forcing her mouth open making room
for his tongue and as he gorged on her mouth  Andy sucked her nipples and his
fingers toyed with her cunt,James stopped,"You give me some tongue and Andy will
rub some cream on you sore botty,you don`t and Andy will put some more marks on
it,"as James kissed her fear forced her to open her mouth and meet his tongue
with hers and with fear of what they could do to her as a driving force she
kissed back passionately,Andy pulled her legs up and over till her sore bottom
was revealed,squirting some cream on to his hand he massaging her ass running
his hand all over her delicious globes as he did he put more and more cream onto
his fingers then made sure they went into her ass and cunt,he worked hard on her
cunt till he found it easy to slid in,James worked hard on kissing her all the
time gently playing with her tit`s,Andy gave a little cough,the signal that
Charlotte was getting wet her body was betraing her, she tried to stop but James
forced himself futher into her mouth ,Andy`s hand went to the bag and took out a
vibrator and slowly started to push it in,the cream and the wettness soon had 
about three inches in when he switched it on slow,his other hand slid to her
clit and started to rub.

By now Charlotte knew she was feeling things she should`nt,this could`nt be, but
kissing had always been a main factor in her forplay,James kissed very hard and
strong and her body, if played with gently, would allways respond and her cunt
would get wet  and that was what it was doing now and without noticing her legs
were opening,the unusual feeling of the vibrator,now almost all in was making
her hips jump and twitch,Andy`s fingers were replaced by his tongue as he licked
her clit then he upped the speed on the vibrator her kisses became more
passionate her mouth opened wider to except the stabbing tongue and her nipples
hardend under James rubbing hand,he heard Andy take his clothes off,he pulled
away from Charlottes lips.

"Time to fuck mummy,mummies cunt is wet, hot and ready for a nice big strong
cock,don`t think daddy has something like this in his trousers and I,m sure he
does`nt know how to make mummy come,but we do, it well be intersting to see how
you feel,"Charlotte bit her lip and tried to close her legs,"Keep them open we
can always tie them open but let`s face it you will lose the fun of what you are
about to have done to you,here let me untie your hands I don`t think you want to
fight,I think you want that big cock right now".

As he untied her Andy slid between her legs and slowly pushed himself in,though
wet it was still nice and tight plus Andy was well built,all of 9 inches he
did`nt ram her he wanted to have her enjoy this, just nice and easy he could see
it was getting to her and as soon as he started kissing her open mouth,he felt
her knees raise and clamp his side,he put more power into his strokes,their
kissing was now together and she could`nt stop herself going into her
orgasm,still he pumped on as much as she told him enough,she had never had
anything so big in her before and soon she was reaching her second orgasm
bucking her hips up to meet him as he flooded himself into her  kissing her
savagely on the mouth.

Simon stood their with a grin from ear to ear,"Well that`s her first film made
and what a star,bet dad would like a  first copy,did she enjoy Andy`s dick or
what",as Andy got off the bed he gave Simon a high five,"Won`t need the pregi
photo`s after all,she seem`s up for it",Charlotte turned her face to the pillow
and cried James put his head down beside her,"No time for tears,your little boy
James has`nt had any of mummies cunt yet,I,m going to get on my back your going
to sit on my cock and fuck me, get them legs open again it`s time for you to
ride the wild cock".

Andy and Simon pulled her and positioned her over James they lowered her down
till she sat on yet another monster cock which filled her completely,they put
handcuffs on her holding her hands behind her then Simon and Andy kissed and
sucked her mouth and nipples while James fingered her clit and wanked her using
the tip of the vibrator,again being unable to stop them she felt her body jump
and move on the enormous cock,Charlotte felt ashamed but could`nt help herself
nothing like this had ever happened to her before,she did`nt even feel the
handcuffs come off,she did`nt know what she was doing as she gyrated to yet more
forced  orgasms,she held Andy`s head to her nipples while grabbing the vibrator
to her cunt as she came again and again screaming as she did, that part was the
second half of her movie that Simon had.

Charlotte lay exhausted and disgusted with herself on the bed,James looked at
her,"Time for mummy to have a rest, to think of the things we are going to teach
you tomorrow and reflect on the big cocks that had you today,while we surprise
you with something you don`t know anything about,"they stood on the bed and took
off a false piece revelling lots of hooks in the canopy,before she could move
they held her,the bag was put on the bed,the first thing out was a gag in the
shape of a  mans cock and it was`nt long before it was straped on and she was
sucking on it,next her elbow were tied tight behind her forcing her ample tit`s
out even further,  her wrists were tied then a belt put around her waist,a
heavily knotted rope tied to her wrist ropes then past through the belt and down
between her legs pushing into the crack of her ass then up between her cunt lips
each knot fitting into her most sensitive parts then pulled hard up to the
canopy lifting her up from the bed,her legs spread and tied to each corner at
the bed end.

"Hope your comfy and you sleep well,oh I nearly forgot something to keep you
company through the night,after mother had them forced up her all night she was
horny for days I hope it has the same effect on you "Charlotte moaned in her gag
as Simon pushed a set of vibrating balls up under the rope and into her cum
soaked cunt,"Don`t worry these won`t let you down, the batteries are new", he
laughed as he switched the light out and closed the door.

In the darkness Charlotte`s mind whirled,what had she got herself into,how could
a woman who had only known one man in a gentle interment way have done all these
things in such a short time,what had these three evil boy`s got planned for
her,how could she escape and oh god what was that feeling inside her that was
heating her sexual desires again,every movement forced one or more of the knots
to do things, touch her and worst of all make the vibrating balls move on to a
more exciting level,till she found herself,not concentrating on her problem but
moving her body more and more on the knots,pulling her bound wrists back,forcing
the rope to push the balls further up her till she reached an incredible orgasm.

As the time alone went on her body was forced to cum again,it was a while after
her third orgasm that the door opened and the light blinded her for a moment,as
her eyes cleared, to her horror, it was Simon,"Hello mummy having a good
time,"his grin sent shivers down her as he walked towards the bed,knelt and
touched her,"Oh what a wet girl, your cunt`s dripping,you have had some fun
shall we have some more,"Charlotte moaned through the gag and shock her head but
all he did was reach in the bag and take out what looked like a stick of
chalk,it was when he twisted it and that awful buzz filled her ears she knew
that something else was going to happen to her.

  He smiled as he touched it to her cunt but to Charlotte it was like an
electric shock,  that and the ones vibrating up inside her, made her body
jump,the more he rubbed it on her clit the more she jumped and the more he was
enjoying it to add to her sorry he bent down to her nipples and started to
suck,pulling them as far as he could with his teeth then licking the rock hard
bud,"You enjoying all this attention your bodies getting mummy, it`s more than
daddy does to you is`nt it,why not let your loving boy give you some more," he
taped the little vibrator to the rope that went between her cunt lips,letting it
play on her clit which was driving her wild,he picked up a small riding crop and
started to slap her all around her hairs making her jump forcing the vibrators
to work on her heated wet cunt he was really enjoying the helplessness of the
naked bound woman stretched out in front of him he went to the bag,got cord and
put it round her tit`s he sucked the nipple up and tighten the cord round the
base till her breast ballooned,he got up and with that same arrogant smile he
walked round the bed and did the same to the other,now both breasts pointed
fully at the ceiling,"One final touch,how do these look,"Charlotte`s body was
going into a uncontrolled orgasm as she looked at the nipple clamps dangling in
Simons hand,  he waited till she was in the throws of coming then clipped them
on.

 Charlotte`s torment was uncontrolable,she shook her shoulders trying to get the
clamps off but as she did she forced the vibrators to work on her cunt,she was
blowing hard through the gag and staring hard at Simon he sat looking at her on
the bed,"Mummy used to fight them too, I used to like to leave her till she got
so hot that I just took the balls out and fucked her,she would beg me to fuck
her cunt and ass if I promised to take them off,you want to beg".

After a few seconds Charlotte nodded,"Now to beg we have to take that big
plastic cock out of your mouth,so just concentrate on begging,that`s a
warning,anything else could not be good for you,remember treat me nice and say
nice things,but most of all make them dirty nice begging things,you
follow",Charlotte nodded.

Simon reached behind and unclipped the gag,slowly pulling it from her mouth she
licked her lips,"Is that in anticipation of my cock in your mouth or to you want
to drink some more piss," Charlotte tried to think as rationally as what was
happening to her would allow,she thought if this was to end without to much pain
for her then humiliation was all she could ask for and the worse she made it for
herself the happier Simon would be,she looked up at him,"Please Simon I really
need a drink let me have your piss,ple-please piss in my mouth it will be all
wet for your cock to fuck it,before you give me your piss take those playthings
out of my cunt so I can get ready for your big cock to fuck me,I really need a
proper fucking please Simon my cunt is begging for you to fuck it".

"Well mummy not bad for an amateur,but first I realy do need a piss so open up
and don`t waste any or we will start all over again,Charlotte prepared herself
as Simon put his cock on her lips and started,she swallowed as fast as she
could,it seemed to go on forever till finally it just spit it`s last drops,"You
see how much you have learnt in such a sort time,this time yesterday you
would`nt have been able to drink all that,we will soon have you a willing sex
slave,now suck it,"She was in pain, the vibretors in and on her cunt were doing
her with out her noticing, her body had started to betray her and get hot
again,"Simon please fuck me I need it bad, please,"Simon put his hand on her
cunt and played with it,"MMMM we are getting wet arn`t we,now suck,"defeated she
opened her mouth and took his cock as she did Simon tweaked and pulled the
clamps playing with the balloons she used to call breasts then down to the
vibrator on her cunt,tugging the rope her eyes opened wide as each knot did it`s
worst and sucked him harder as the forced orgasm took control of her body,
bringing her head up to be able to suck him down as far as possible hoping to
get him to cum before she did.

Simon could`nt hold out any longer playing with her and making her cum had the
same effect on him and her pumped her mouth full,she was in the middle of her
own orgasm and spitting his filth from her mouth, the door opened and the two
others entered.

Simon smiled at them,James laughed,"Simon don`t your dick ever get tired of
fucking and I thought we wer`nt going to tie her tit`s up till the film now we
will have to use make-up on them but I must say they do look good that size,look
Andy he put those vibrators up her,do`es she like them as much as mother
did",Simon put his hand down and rubbed the rope then smelt his fingers looking
at them he nodded,James and Andy walked to the bed,"O.K. mummy lets get you
untied get those balls out and put some real cock in you,"Charlotte was untied
all but her wrists and the tormenting balls removed,picked up,put over the
bedroom stool in a perfect postion so that Andy could fuck her mouth and James
could enjoy taking her from behind,Charlottes body had been kept in such a high
state the as soon as James was in she found herself helplessly responding by
sucking the entire length of Andy`s cock and grinding back into James till they
both filled her.

The boy`s had enough they needed sleep so it was time to put Charlotte to
bed,they pushed her nylon pants in her mouth keeping them there with tape,tied
her ankles to her wrist`s covered her and left,she drifted in and out of a
trouble sleep but had only had four hours rest when suddenly James came in,"Wake
up mummy it`s time to make you a hardcore film star".

"Look at these",Charlotte was suddenly brought back to reality,one of the thugs
had brought in a hand full of pictures and three video`s,"Found some more stuff
in that kids room,they were hid well what do you think could be good stuff"he
put them with the bag and the ring leader picked them up,his eyes opened wide
and the words,"Bloody hell,"filled the room.

He looked at Charlotte,"You get on well with his kid`s I see,very
well,"Charlotte was dumb struck,they had found Simon`s pictures of all the
perverted things they had forced her do,"You like a bit of fun with the lads,
it`s you that`s the kinky girlfriend,they all share you, do they, very happy
families, these pictures are something else but I really want to see the
video`s, they must be really hot how about we three go downstairs and see what
the young lady is doing with our friend Jack,"Clare,Charlotte had forgotten
about her while being wrapped up in her own thought`s,her heart broke as she
entered the lounge,Clare had her arms folded behind her held tight  by three
cable straps she was laying across the sattee on her stomach she was naked,her
torn clothes were scattered all over the floor, Charlotte could see smutch's of
blood on her inner thighs,she had red marks on her bottom as well as dried semen
and at that moment her head was being driven hard down on an enormas cock that
filled her young mouth.    

"You miss us then Jack,"the three of them laughed as Jack answered,"Clare was
nice company, friendly type of girl she would insist on giving me her name,but
you remember that sexy outfit she had on, well it did things to me and her
father said we could do what we liked with the ladies so I just put my hand on
her knee,next thing I knew it was up the skirt and having a feel, well when I
felt that little slit through her pants I just had to have a peek at it,she
started fighting and her tit`s came out,I mean, that was it I had to have a suck
on them two,she would`nt lay still for me to play with her so we played a little
game it was called, let`s see how many times Uncle Jack can make you cry before
Uncle Jacks big cock becomes your favourite toy,and boy can she cry,had to gag
her with her pants when I fucked her ass she sure did squeal while I buggered
her but boy can she wiggle her ass when she sits on your cock,she took being
broken in with a whimper and with a little more practice I may even get to enjoy
a good ass spanking,well I thought it was fun and the redder it got the quieter
she got but as you can see this must be her favorite she would rather suck cock
than let me do anything else,needs to suck a lot more cocks to get used to it
going all the way down her throat but she do`es try and swallow."

Charlotte collapsed on a chair her baby, her special baby what had they done to
her as she thought of what the poor girl had gone through the tears filled her
eyes,she felt as if she was going to pass out but with a vicious tug the leader
pulled her back up,"Why are you crying  don`t you like the birthday present Jack
gave her and I think she looks great in her birthday suit in fact so great I
will have to give her a fucking good present myself,how about you Ray, fancy
reaming one of those young holes with that fat cock of yours,"the third one
grinned,"Sure, I,ll fuck me some of that, she might have to relieve me after the
picture show."

 "Oh yes the picture show," thing`s were only getting worse for Charlotte,after
Jack had filled Clare's mouth and they all had a good laugh at the poor
defenceless girl choking the filth from her mouth the other two got acquainted
with her young body,squeezing her tit`s and fingering both her ass and cunt as
they pulled her to the television, Charlotte was made to sit in the middle of
the two men while Clare,still tied and naked, was forced to sit on Jacks knee
which aloud him free accesses to her body, he took advantage of it all the time
while the first video was pushed in the slot,the television switched on and
Charlotte`s humiliation began again.

  As soon as she saw the opening scene she knew the film,they had called
it,Enslaved Saleslady,Charlotte had been forced to play a door to door sales
person who mistakenly goes to this house not knowing the people are away and
that there are three burglars inside who attack her tie her up and spend the
entire film,tying her in different positions and fucking her at will,which
included a lot of beatings,this was the film were they tied her arms crossed
behind her,brought the ropes round and tied her tit`s till they were huge blue
balloons then with her ankles and knees tied tight they hoisted her up and hung
her tit ropes over a beam,Charlotte remembered the pain as the rope squeezed her
tit`s till she thought they would burst although that pain was not as bad as the
whipping she got as she hung there helplessly screaming into a gag waiting for
them to tire of beating her and fuck her again which they did,she was so sore
after that day they left her alone for two day`s while her cuts and burses
healed only just in time as Paul got back from a business trip early.

When the film finised she had to let the crude remarks that the three men made
wash over her, as they watched the film they squeezed her tit`s and lifted her
skirt to have a look see if there were any burses left,they did`nt know the film
was made a while ago, being tied she had no option but to sit there as they
enjoyed her body,it was Ray that suggested they cut her clothes off too and had
her naked between them but the boss said he wanted to see what she did in the
next film first, he liked his pleasures one at a time,finding her nipple through
her blouse he gave it a tweak, winked at her and put the second video in, it
came on and Charlotte groaned,"Oh not that one."

She could have been sick as she remembered,Mans best Friend,she had supposed to
have been a dog walker, the boys got her two big Irish Wolf hounds to walk
through a wood,they had dressed themselves as filthy tramps,captured her and
raped her then tied her naked over a fallen tree, after they had whipped her
with twigs till she begged them to stop she had been forced to suck both dogs
and to end with they went,leaving her at the mercy of the two aroused animals
who soon found her defenceless holes,working on them by licking her with their
hard rasping tongues Charlotte could not stop herself becoming wet,which drove
the dogs wild, that was obvious by the length of their huge red cocks that
searched out the openings of the helpless woman, then both of them took her, not
knowing which opening they had found.

The remarks after that film were pure filth and Charlotte did all she could to
block there cruel laughter out,then did a lot of licking her and making silly
dog noises before the third video they had found was flickering into view.

This was the worst and latest film, it had been the time she realized she was
not only their play thing but others could humiliate her to and there was
nothing she could do to stop them.She remembered the time well,Paul was going on
a short buying trip,his leaving was always the beginning of Charlottes nightmare 
the first night was usually the time they hurt her most they said it left time
for the beating to heal. This time they shocked her,they  came towards her and
she closed her eyes,expecting at least to be forced to her knees ready to start
sucking cocks but they just kissed her and went out,she sat in a chair.They had
finished with her,got fed up,had some-one new, she did`nt care what,she was so
happy all she had to look forward to was a hot bath and a early night and
putting on her black silk pyjamas that's what she did.

It must have been 3 in the morning when she was awoke by the bed clothes being
pulled off she was flung over and her wrist tied as she tried to protest a ring
gag was fastened in her mouth and Andy`s voice said,"Come on mummy, come meet
the house guest`s,"

She was dragged from the bed and marched down into the lounge were two, ether
drunk or drugged women were dancing to the Hi.Fi,Simon`s voice was in
triumph,"Mummy meet Laurie and Jess two lessies we picked up,they don`t want us
to play with but when we told them about you the could`nt wait to get their
hands on your pussie, here you are girls".

Laurie caught Charlotte and held her tight as Simon switched the camera on Jess
came over and licked Charlottes face,"Come on sweetie don`t fight let`s have
some horny girl power epically your tongue". As Laurie pulled her back towards
the settee Jess was undoing Charlottes buttons, opening her top and pulling down
the pyjama bottoms she looked Charlotte up and down,"God I wish I had big tit`s
that stood out like these with out support,allright boys you may think you have
found out how to turn her on but watch and learn what a little white powder and
magic fingers can do".

Jess was`nt joking,Charlotte was held on the settee by Laurie sitting on her,she
had no pants on and moved slowly up Charlotte rubbing her self,first on her
tit`s then slowly upwards aiming for her mouth.Jess had forced open Charlottes
legs and was sat between them,she had what can only be described as a talc
shaker,she was carefully putting some of the contense on her fingers and rubbing
over Charlottes cunt making sure she covered the nub of her clit.

Charlotte was fighting,no way did she want to have another woman sit on her face
and use her for oral sex it was more revolting than the dogs,then all of a
sudden as if someone had flicked a switch Charlotte lay still then her hips
started to move,Jess slowly rubbed the cunt open before her,a half strangled cry
came from the ring gag as Charlottes feet pushed into the floor forcing her hips
up and into Jess`s hand who`s fingers were tickling a now very wet cunt,she took
her hand away the hips tried to follow and more noises came from the gag," So
you want more do you,want me to play with this lovely cunt then you better lick
Laurie's lovely cunt,"immediately Charlottes tongue pushed through the ring and
waited for a wet hairy cunt to sit on it and smiling at the boy`s Laurie sat on
the beautifull face and ground down on the searching tongue.

As Jess played with Charlottes cunt Laurie had one of the best orgasm`s she had
ever had rocking back and forth on Charlottes fast moving tongue then they
changed places and Charlotte was soon getting Jess into a frenzied state,Jess
came in the open mouth and both of them stood back and looked at the bound
beauty still moving her hips with a begging look in her face,Jess smiled again
at the boys.

"You got a good vibrator if you have go fetch it,"Andy was up stairs and down in
a flash,"Untie her and give it her,should be a good show,"Andy untied Charlotte
before he could hand it her she grabbed it from the floor and started to push it
up herself and in and out so fast as she through herself into orgasm after
orgasm,she did`nt care what the boy`s did as both James and Andy pulled her on
to her open knees and as she fucked herself silly with the plastic cock both of
them rammed their cocks into the ring gag,it took Charlotte an hour to slow down
and lay exhausted on the floor.

The two women charged the boy`s 200 for making the film and 500 for the shaker
and watched as poor Charlotte was put back to bed.

  By now the three men were so hot the films had made them as horny as hell,Jack
was kissing Clare really hard while he finger fucked her making her wiggle and
squrim on his lap, the boss had Charlotte `s head pinned to the back of the
settee as he mashed his mouth down on hers,one hand holding her hair so she
could`nt escape the other searching inside her blouse for her nipples or sliding
up her skirt squeezing her cunt lips through her pant`s, Ray had disappeared but
not for long and when he did return he held aloft the bag and the talc
shaker,"Knew I,d seen it somewhere".

Ray took Jacks hand and sprinkled some on his fingers which he duly pushed up
Clare's cunt,Charlotte screamed at them not too but all she got was a nasty
pinch of her cunt and Ray pulling her pants to one side and dipping his powder
covered fingers into her,it did`nt take long for both Clare and Charlotte  to
start moaning with heavy breathing and pushing themselves towards the cruel
fingers.

"The boss looked at the way the girls were acting," Bring the young one over
her,Ray give me one of those vibrators,here you are mum,"he covered the end with
powder,"Shove this up her cunt".Charlotte begged him she told him she was to
young but as she said it she could see that Clare was aroused and the way the
men looked at her she thought it better she did it than one of them, they untied
her hands.     

    Slowly she pushed the plastic cock up the spread legs of Clare,it was easy
there was no fight in her, Clare`s mouth was covered in Jack`s and her tit`s
were being mauled, she slowly pushed it in and out of the young cunt, Clare`s
legs bent and opened allowing full access to her cunt,Charlotte looked at her
Clare,her once vision of innocents stood infront of her with her hands tied
behind her, being viciously kissed and now responding while her lovely young
nipples were being twisted and pulled, her hips pushed greedily at this obscene
object vibrating up her lightly blond covered cunt,Charlotte found herself
pushing faster as Ray had undone her blouse,pulled her tit`s over her half cut
bra and was sucking hard on both nipples,boss man had his hand up her skirt her
pants pulled to the side and was wanking her clit as hard as he could.

 Charlottes skirt had ridden up to her pants and her legs spread as her now hot
cunt looked for the invading fingers,the man still known as boss played with the
delicious cunt and looked at the sight,Jack was staring down at the vibrator
heating the young girls cunt as his left hand fondled the firm young breasts and
his right played with her rounded ass,Ray was squeezing Charlottes right breast
as he gorged on her left,he motioned to Jack to take over the vibrator,Jack
knelt down and put his arm around Clare`s waist,took the plastic cock and played
it all over the aroused young girls slit.

Boss man pushed Charlotte back with one hand and forced two fingers covered in
powder up her,Ray went back with her still unable to get enough of her firm
tit`s,his tongue going round and round her large areoles before flicking her
nipples hard,Charlotte lay there as both men worked on her,but Boss man had
other ideas,slowly he pulled his fingers out to be just tickling and brushing
the wet juicy cunt lips,then stroking her thigh he could see her legs opening
and closing trying to relieve her self until,as he hoped,he watched her fingers
slide over her thighs and biting her lip she started to wank herself.

 He bent down and started to kiss her inner thighs,flicking his tongue over the
top of her stocking moving up towards the top of her naked thigh just below her
cunt Charlotte`s legs opened wider as he kissed upwards faster and faster her
fingers rubbed her clit and pushed inside as the three men gloated at their
victim, there was this once pillar of  beautiful innocents a convert virgin
lying back on her own sofa her skirt up to the top of her thighs,pant`s held to
one side,her legs spread wide with her fingers up her own cunt playing with
herself and doing any disgusting act the three perverts wanted and they knew
that due to the white powder she was unable to stop.

"Stand up and take your clothes off,just leave your stockings and high heels on
sexy, do it real slow and sexy,show us how you wiggle"Charlottes with trembling
hands  took her clothes off trying to gyrate and move as the men kept tickling
and playing with her between her legs making her push herself down on their
fingers,Jack was watching the men having fun but still fucking Clare with the
vibrator keeping her hot and the white powder working,Ray looked at the
tormented beauty as his fingers tickled her cunt,"Don`t worry Mrs Banning I,ll
soon be doing what I wanted to do the first time I saw you, that`s fuck this hot
cunt of yours", they untied Clare and made her kneel on all fours,Jack got down
in front of her and stuffed his cock in her mouth.Charlotte was kneeling behind
Clare licking her cunt as hard as she could and Ray was fucking Charlotte`s wet
hot cunt from behind, the boss stroked  his stiff cock and just watched and
waited his time,that was the view that greeted Paul as he was bundled back in to
his house.

The fourth one they called O T laughed,"We may not have got all the money but
they sure got all the honey",Paul tried to get tough but a quick smack on the
head and some cable clips on his wrists and ankles,Clare`s pants in his mouth
had him sat as a spectator.By now both girls had taken their first load as the
men had been a little over stimulated and were pushed into a 69 Charlotte on the
floor and Clare on top with Jack kneeling and playing with Clare`s bottom and
putting his finger in her puckered ass-hole,Ray was lying on the floor holding
ether his dick or a tit if it came in hands reach,the girls were going at each
other with tongues and fingers in such abandonment that they were oblivious to
what was being done or said to them,until they orgasmed spitting juice into each
others face`s again.

This time it was the boss`s turn he stood there with both girls on their knees
kissing and sucking his cock,one sucking the other licking his balls,he loved
the power of making two sexy females kiss each other and then push his cock
between their mouths to lick up and down his shaft,making them look at him all
the time they were doing it, as he called it, the right way to play the mouth
organ and all this as they wanked themselves furiously,he had just made
Charlotte jerk him into Clare`s mouth before starting to spray both their faces
and open mouths with his juice when the door bell chimed.

O T was at the door and found himself letting in two 13 year old girl`s who had
just been dropped by taxi to go out on Clare`s birthday treat and they had
brought their things for a sleep over,Jack and Ray were soon holding the girls
just in time for them to see Charlotte and Clare,now fingering each other, lick
the last of the cum off a half erect cock.

The boss put his cock back in his trousers and said,"You two come for the
party,you been invited,arn`t you lucky", the two girls still in shock
nodded,"Was`nt it nice off Clare and her mummy to invite you,whats your names?"
nodding they said,"Lena and Trudy,sir," the boss grinned,"Well Lena and Trudy
you are going to show your appreciation by thanking them,"they were to scared to
stop nodding,"Now Clare and her mummy are going to lay down,open their legs and
you are going to get down and use your tongues to lick their pretty cunts out,
just to show your gratitude,now all of you get down and start,oh and girls just
to let you know something's will be going on behind you, it`s just us having a
look up your skirts at what you got between your legs,and maybe having a little
feel to see how hot your little cunt`s are,you see we may want to use them
later,now get down on them and let me see a lot of tongue". 

Charlotte pleaded with,"For god`s sake stop,they are children please I will do
what ever you want but let them go."She was pushed down on her back and forced
to spread her legs the same with Clare as Ray and Jack got hold of the two
sobbing girls, pulled their coats off and pushed them forward,Charlotte put her
arm across her face and as the tears ran down her cheek she was still
pleading,"Don`t do this, you have me, I promise I will do what ever it takes to
satisfy you,leave the girls alone",the boss smiled," Don`t worry I know you have
no choice but to do what ever it takes,your horney little holes was made for
fucking and we will make sure we enjoy them, the young one`s are there for
dessert,"he still smiled as he watched Charlottes other hand which could`nt stop
playing with her incredibly hot cunt.

Both Charlotte and Clare lay on the backs with their legs spread wide,boss man
was between them as Lena and Trudy were pushed down  he held their heads hard in
to the open legs but the two frightened girls did`nt know what to do, that was
soon rectified,Jack and Ray soon had their skirts up around their waists
revealing to young firm panty covered bottoms,Ray took his belt and with perfect
aim stung both of them.Yelps and squeals,tears and crying came from between
Charlottes and Clare's legs as the boss tightened his grip,"You can ether lick
and lick good or we can rip the skin off your ass`s  you choose,"and with
nervous reluctance their little tongues searched forward into the two wet cunts
in front of them.

As the girls tried hard to suck,lick and do the right things to the allready
overheated cunts in front of them,Ray and Jack had Trudy and Lenas pants down to
their knees busily licking and pinching new young ass and cunt, their fingers
enjoying probing virgin holes,Jack happy at the thought of another virgin cunt
to break in, Ray happy to have something after missing out on being the first to
fuck Clare.Both men smiled at each other and knelt behind the young exposed
ass`s,spat on their hands and wiped the end of their cocks,boss man took a
firmer grip as stifled cries let him know  the boys were pushing in to the young
girls cunts.

Both Charlotte and Clare were holding the girls heads so they could get maximum
relief from the itching feeling inside them,boss man held their backs in place
and Jack and Roy held their hips firm so there was nothing that Trudy and Lena
could do as their innocents was taken in a violent brutal way,O T watched the
savage fucking of the two school girls and needed relief himself,he saw
Charlottes open sexy mouth,it did`nt take him to long to have her head turned to
the side and his cock enjoying her moist wet tongue as he remorselessly face
fucked her.

The boss could see that the two young girls were in so much pain from the
massive cocks fucking their tight cunts that their licking had stopped,turning
to Ray and Jack he told them to take their playthings and give them it elsewhere
he fancied giving Clare a seeing to and O T was going to bang Charlotte a lot
anyway,Ray took Lena and laid her out gave her tit`s a good going over while he
thumped his cock in and out of her tortured cunt,Jack had Trudy sat on his cock
with her back to him,she was clutched to his chest as one hand tormented her
tit`s and the other played with her little clit as he forced the crying girl up
and down his hard shaft.

Clare was still hot and although she hated what was happening her body she was
being forced to continue it`s sexual desires and as her legs were put on the
boss mans shoulder her fingers spread her cunt lips ready for it to be filled
again,as it was filled she turned her head to the side to see her stepmother
bent on all fours over the stretched out O T being finger fuck hard enough for
her mouth to be taking all eight inches of his cock.

O T looked up to see Paul watching the four abuse rapes being played out before
him and it gave him a great turn on to turn his wife around on her knees to face
him and then get behind her plough his cock into her and work her into such a
frenzy by almost lifting her off the floor with so much force, O T cound`nt
believe his luck,fucking a stunningly beautifull woman that was still tight
after all they had done to her as her husband stared at him with hate in his
eyes and she was unable to stop begging for a hard fucking just to relieve her
tortured self,to add to Paul's humiliation,O T had Charlotte ask for everything
he did to her,O T smiled in Paul's face as he heard his wife beg to be fucked
harder, plead with O T to wank her cunt and finger her as he fucked her ass and
she promised to suck him all the way down her throat till he was hard again if
he came up her while he was fucking her as hard as he could.

Even if Paul looked away all he saw was Clare now laid on her side wanking
herself while the boss was fucking her ass and Trudy and Lena on their knees
sucking two cocks hard again for their next rape,as each man exploded and came
amongst moans and cries there was a strange knock on the door followed by a,"Oh
shit",from the four rapists.

The boss man was the first to the door,opening it quickly he ushered in a man of
about fifty,ugly and bent in a stoop with a hump on his back,"Hello Mr Richmond
sir,did`nt expect to see you,"the mans eyes covered the scene,"So I see Danny,so
I see,where's my money," the two of them went into a whispered huddle,the little
mans eyes fixed on Charlotte and he nodded.

Danny strode back,"Party over, tie the kids up and bring the woman to me", the
girls and Charlotte were pulled to their feet and cable straps held their wrists
behind them,Charlotte was pushed towards the old man,she was just about to start
arguing with him when a pair of somebody's pants was shoved in her mouth and
taped in, as if prearranged a coat was thrown over her nakedness and she was
left standing infront of this stranger who`s eyes never left her.

The girls had all been laid on the floor,each one had somebody's pants taped in
their mouth ,their ankle had been pulled up and as far back as possible before
the rope was tied behind their necks leaving them in an obscene position with
their ass`s and cunt pointing at the ceiling,Ray had told Jack and Danny to tie
them that way because earlier he had found the birthday candles,long coloured
ones which he took great delight in sticking in each girls cunt,he looked at Mr
Richmond,"Do you want to light the girls up sir."

The men sniggered but Richmond said,"No you go ahead,have fun,"he turned and
looked hard at Paul,"Well Banning you came up short with the money I knew you
would,it was easy to get your kid`s in over their stupid heads,I knew what I
wanted so I,m going to take your wife for a little vacation,she will be good
company for me,there`s nothing like fucking another mans wife,you don`t have to
say,I love you, ever time you want a fuck, you just fuck any hole you fancy any
time you fancy, although I will have to keep her tied up and maybe something
attached to a sensitive parts so she will be happy to fuck just to relieve the
pain I,m sure she will fuck well,even enough to be interested in my strange
sexual fantasy's,you see I have fantasized about fucking her ever since my
brother stopped me from having her seventeen years ago,she was a beauty at
twelve and the times I wanted to get her alone, tie her up, put my hand up her
skirt to finger her and get a good feel of her sweet pussie,it`s a funny world,
now I can do that with no-one to stop me she won`t be needing a skirt infact she
won`t be needing any clothes at all with what I have planned, there's a lot of
wasted time to make up and I can`t wait,I knew she would be a beauty and she
has`nt disappointed me a perfect body, obviously never had any kids, pity, she
looks good breeding stock she could keep the Richmond line going,what do you say
Banning fancy having another wife banged up with some-one else`s kid and of
course to make up the short fall in money some of my friends will only be to
pleased to take her to a bedroom and play the odd game with your gorges wifes
body parts and I do mean odd,so say goodbye, she may see you in a month or two,
who knows,go on Danny light your candles."

The match was struck and each candle was light and they did sing Happy Birthday
as they watched the candle wax slip slowly down each candle to warm the tender
flesh of each girls sore cunt,leaving them that way they made for the door
suddenly Ray said,"Here, Mr Richmond you will need this,"and he past him the
talc shaker, "What do I need this for,"was the stunned reply,Danny chipped
in,"Dab some on a women's cunt and boy does she get hot and we know where to get
more".

As they left Richmond looked at Jack who was trying to hide a enormous hard
on,"What's the matter Jack something got you hot too," Jack looked nervously at
Richmond then at the girls who were now all squealing into their gags as the
candles burnt lower and the wax got hotter,he stammered,"Seems such a waste,all
that fresh pussie over there going begging, you see those girls came for the
entire night, you know a sleep over,just seems a waste not to keep them
company,"Richmond laughed an evil laugh," O.K.I got my prize you boys can stay
the night and play with them be sure to be back on duty by ten,"The girls looked
in horror at each other as the heat in their pussies got unbearable and as
Richmond pushed Charlotte out of the door he turned back,"Night boys enjoy your
young fresh cunt and O T don`t be greedy,why don`t you draw lot`s that would be
a fair way to see" .

                                                     WHO BLOWS THE CANDLE`S OUT.
                                                       PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





