BDSM Library - Parker 07 Pool Party




Parker 07 Pool Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She did her job but nobody liked what she did. They wanted to dominate her, humiliate her and make her submissive.

                               PARKER7.TXT -- 1/4

                                  POOL PARTY I
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

            WARNING: This story involves rather a good deal of non-
            consensual sex, humiliation and any number of other things
            which should not be undertaken in real life. If you do not
            want to read this sort of material, STOP NOW!

             Copyright 1994 by me (Parker). Feel free to distribute
                    (unaltered of course), but be discrete.

                     This is part one of a four part story.

       =================================================================

     No one was happy to see Jennifer.

     Which, to an outsider, might have seemed surprising. With her thick, black
hair, flawless alabaster skin, full red lips and slender, athletic
despite-the-fact-I-never-lower-myself-to- exercise body,  Jennifer Watson was
one of the most desirable girls on campus. At least as far as looks went. And
the male students of the Phi Phi Phi fraternity were certainly just about as
appreciative of good looking women as one would expect them to be. Even more
so.

     This particular good looking woman, however, was the president and head
agitator of the local chapter of Concerned Students for Political Correctness.
In her second year at Bakersville College North, she had been instrumental in
the college's decision to withdraw funding from the fraternity newsletter as a
result of certain allegedly sexist comments. She had later caused the
fraternity's sponsoring professor to be suspended indefinitely because of some
unsubstantiated allegations regarding sexual proposals he had made to a female
student (who had, incidentally, received a failing grade just prior to the
accusations). All things considered, Jennifer Watson had been a thorn in the
side of the fraternity during her four years at BCN.

      Her most recent success, however, topped them all. She had been working
for years now to get the PPP's annual "Slave Auction" cancelled. Each year, the
PPP fraternity and some of the girl's from one of the sorority houses on campus
held a mock Slave Auction to raise money for improvements to their facilities.
For the last few years, they had been raising money to add an indoor pool to
the fraternity house. Not only had Jennifer spearheaded the successful drive to
cancel the Slave Auction (due to the fact that it "trivialized the experiences
of visible minorities who had suffered slavery in the past and mocked the state
of women everywhere, whose present existence was little better than slavery at
the hands of the male oriented hierarchical society"), but she had convinced
the college to expropriate the money raised over the last few years and put it
towards the commission of a piece of modern sculpture celebrating Sisterhood in
the twentieth century.

     So, when Jennifer showed up at the door of the PPP fraternity house where
the members of the fraternity who had been planning the event were gathered for
a drunken 'wake' - a so- called 'pool party' - no one was particularly pleased
to see her.

     It was the guy who opened the door, one Mark Spenser, who - despite not
usually being a particularly articulate individual - voiced the feelings of the
entire group: "What the fuck are you doing here?"

     Jennifer just smirked. She had been out for a couple of drinks with some
friends earlier that evening and had been on her way to the airport (it was
spring break, and she had arranged to get away by herself for a while) when she
had decided to drop by the frat house to see how they were taking the news. In
fact, she was a little drunk.

     "Just stopping by to say goodbye," she explained, slurring her words a
bit. "Wanted to make certain that there were no hard feelings."

      "No hard feelings?" Mark was incredulous. "Fuck that. You came her to rub
it in more like it."

     Jennifer widened her eyes in mock surprise. She *loved* this! "Not at
all," she protested, trying not to laugh. These guys were soooooo stupid. "I
did it for your benefit too. It's an important lesson to learn, but..."

     Mark had heard enough. "Why don't you just..."

     "Hold on a moment." Mark was cut off by a quiet, intense voice. "She's
right." Amazed, Mark turned to confront the person behind him. It was...

     "Gary?" A freshman at BCN and an applicant to join the fraternity. What
was...

     "Just a second, Mark." The speaker, a tall geeky looking guy with short
black hair and glasses approached and placed his hand on Mark's shoulder.
"Jennifer here has a point." The entire room had fallen silent. Even Jennifer
was astounded. Was this guy making fun of her? "What we were doing was
insensitive," Gary explained. "It was wrong. And I think that we should thank
Jennifer for pointing it out to us."

      He turned. "Sharon," he called out, "get Jennifer here a drink." He
turned back to the girl who stood, silent and staring in the doorway. "Beer
OK?"

      Jennifer nodded a puzzled assent, still unsure as to whether or not this
guy was making fun of her.

      "A beer," Gary called out. Mark started to say something, but Gary
ignored him. "Come in," he invited Jennifer. "Let us make up for some of the
harsh words that've passed between our organizations."

     In her partially drunken state, Jennifer actually believed him. She
entered the room. Gary closed the door behind her and Mark stomped off. The
music started up again, and Sharon - a short, pudgy girl with pig eyes,
Jennifer noticed, conscious as always of her own beauty - returned a few
moments later with a glass of beer. Jennifer accepted it without thanks and
took a sip.

     Gary sat her down on the couch as the 'pool party' started up again around
them. He began talking to her about the Slave Auction and generally engaged her
in conversation while she finished the beer and then another, also brought by
Sharon. After a while,  she began to feel a queer sort of disassociation,
almost as if her mind was floating free from her body. The room was getting
warmer and warmer; the music drifted away...

     Jennifer felt a warm, pleasurable sensation on her chest. She looked down
to see that her breasts were fully exposed; her blouse had somehow come open
and her bra unfastened.

     "G-Gary?" What was... but when she looked up, it was Mark sitting in front
of her, playing with her breasts. Panicked, she brought her hands up to stop
him, but she seemed to be completely lacking in strength.

     Everything seemed so far away...

     Jennifer drew in a breath to voice a protest, but just as she opened her
mouth to speak, Mark kissed her. The feel of his warm lips on hers sent tingles
of pleasure shooting through her. She could only moan in pleasure as his tongue
vigorously explored the inside of her mouth. She didn't know what was happening
to her... or why; but it sure felt good! Too good. Jennifer stopped trying to
stop it. As best she could in her drugged state, she wrapped her arms around
Mark's neck and...

     No. It wasn't Mark any more. It was someone else. Some guy she didn't
know. Jennifer struggled to sit up, but she was held down by what seemed to her
to be disembodied hands on her shoulders. She was lying back on the couch, legs
spread as the guy fucked his cock in and out of her wet, fully exposed pussy.
Involuntarily, she moaned in pleasure, bucking her hips up against him to
increase the pressure on her sensitive clit.

      From out of nowhere, a hand grabbed her thick black hair and pulled her
head back and upwards. She opened her mouth to gasp in pain, and immediately a
large, warm cock slid in between her thick, wet lips. She gagged slightly at
this intrusion, but instinctively began sucking at it. It tasted so good!

     The cock in her pussy began to spurt, pumping wad after wad of warm, wet
sperm into her welcoming thighs. She felt a series of little orgasms wrack her
body as she slurped hungrily at...

     At...

     She wiped ineffectually at the globs of sticky, white sperm which now
coated her pale cheeks. Jennifer wasn't sure how many cocks she had sucked, but
a large number of them had erupted onto her face rather than into her mouth.
The sperm felt warm and sticky as she wiped at it with her long, delicate
fingers.

     She was on her hands and knees now. Someone was behind her, sawing his
cock in and out of her pussy. She moaned and grunted in pleasure, coming at the
same time as cock in her pussy. She was still halfway through the orgasm when
the cock pulled out and another took its place.

     It felt so good!

     "Please... please... please..."

     Mark looked down, a big stupid grin on his face, as Jennifer Watson, on
her hands and knees, mouth and pussy simultaneously stuffed with cock, her
beautiful face shining with a thick coating of sperm and drool, bucked and
moaned with obvious pleasure. Jennifer Watson - the president of the Concerned
Students for Political Correctness. Hah! The horny bitch had fucked at least a
dozen guys so far and was still going strong.

      That Gary!

      What a great idea using that drug. Even though he was only a freshman,
Gary's actions that night had pretty much assured himself not only a place in
the fraternity, but a place in the upper echelons. What a guy. For some reason,
however, Gary had not wanted to take a turn with the bitch - he had even left
early with his girlfriend Sharon - but that didn't matter. All that mattered
now was that he get another shot as this whore before the drug wore off.

     Mark felt his cock get hard again (for the third time that night!) as he
waited for another turn with the slut.

     In the end, the guys had tired before Jennifer. There were only ten of
them! Completely spent, they sat around the room in languid satisfaction,
watching in amazement as Jennifer Watson lay, like some naked and fucked out
whore, on the floor in the centre of the living room. The raven haired slut lay
on her back, legs spread widely, moaning and whimpering, fingers still working
busily away in her sopping cunt.

     What a whore.

     This was the scene that greeted Tammy, Lisa, Becky and Cindy as they
entered the frat house. They were the girls from the nearby sorority house who
had been helping plan the fund raising Slave Auction for the pool.

     "What the hell?"

     Mark quickly stammered out an explanation. How Jennifer had shown up at
the party to gloat and how Gary had drugged the bitch so she would turn into a
slut. He had been afraid that they might be angry, but the girls seemed more
amused than anything else. Jennifer had, over the last few years, fucked them
over with her political correctness as much as she had the fraternity.

     Tammy, the unofficial leader of the sorority group, even sat herself down
beside the naked squirming girl and began playing with Jennifer's exposed
pussy. Although not nearly as beautiful as the slut on the floor, Tammy was
still very attractive in a pudgy sort of way, with shoulder length blonde hair
and wide, green eyes. The boys stared in mute amazement as the blonde girl slid
a finger in and out of the slut's sopping pussy. A number of them began to get
hard again.

     "Jennifer the campus slut," Tammy muttered, grinning. "Jennifer the
fuck-pet." Tammy looked up at the rest of the group. "I like the sound of
that." Half oblivious, the subject of Tammy's comments moaned and lifted her
hips off the floor, trying desperately to grind her pussy into Tammy's hand.

     "Please..."

     Everyone laughed.

     Except Lisa. Typical. She was a tall, attractive girl with long black hair
and a pair of horn-rimmed glasses that gave her a studious, old-fashioned
appearance. Lisa was the one who always saw the downside of things.

     "You've got a problem here," she said, frowning. "This is fine now when
she's drugged, but what about when she sobers up?" The guys looked puzzled.
What about it?

     "She'll cry rape," Lisa explained.

     Immediately, the guys in the fraternity began  talking loudly. Once again,
it was Mark who voiced their feelings. "But she was willing," he protested.
"Everyone saw it."

     "Who do you think they'll believe?" Lisa asked him.

     Mark fell silent.

     "She's right," Cindy agreed. "No one will ever believe that she willingly
fucked all you guys."

     "Fuck..." Jennifer mumbled, half-conscious as Tammy played with her pussy.
Every time she was about to come, Tammy would pull her hand away. " Fuck me...
please..."

     "Especially after what she did," Becky stated, continuing the thought.
Despite the fact that Becky was a pale skinned red head and Cindy negro, the
two girls were known as the 'twins'. The went everywhere together and were
co-leaders of the cheerleading squad.

     "Getting your pool money confiscated," Cindy finished, "and getting the
Auction cancelled."

     The guys in the fraternity looked glum. The twins were right. When word
got out, they would be lucky to stay out of jail, never mind being kicked out
of school.

     Mark swallowed. That asshole Gary! No wonder he hadn't stuck around. Next
time he came around...

     "Don't panic," Tammy smirked, looking up from where she sat on the floor
beside the squirming girl. "I think I see a way out of this..."

     Jennifer stared dimly upwards through the haze of lust that suffused her
body. The hand in her pussy had moved away, but she was still able to
masturbate herself. It didn't feel as good as when someone else was doing it,
but at least she actually brought herself off. Jennifer hazily watched the
others in the room as she rapidly slid her fingers up and down over her pussy.
They seemed to be talking about something...

      Why were they all being so serious? Why didn't one of the boys fuck her
again? She needed it so bad...

     "Fuck me..." she whined. "Somebody... please?"

     But it was no use. They were busy with something else. One of the girls -
Lisa, her fogged mind informed her, properly placing the name with the face -
had taken off her clothes and was getting dressed again, this time in a
different set of clothes. Jennifer's mind groped and struggled with an idea.
What was it? Then she realized: they were *her* clothes! Lisa was getting
dressed in Jennifer's clothing.

     Jennifer giggled madly: with her jet black hair and slim build, Lisa
looked something like Jennifer, at least from afar. It was funny: Lisa playing
Jennifer!

     Still... still, a thread of unease writhed its way through her
drug-induced haze. Almost against her will, Jennifer began to pay attention to
what was being said: "...car keys. Phone when you get there and... at airport.
Make sure they see you, but not too..."

     What was happening?

     Then Lisa was gone, still wearing Jennifer's clothes and jacket. The
unease Jennifer had felt was washed away as another orgasm, smaller this time,
racked her body while the door swung shut.

     What was going on?

     Another girl, the name 'Tammy' entered Jennifer's groggy mind, turned her
attention downwards. She smiled as she noticed that Jennifer was focusing on
her. Jennifer felt another twinge of unease cut through the fading lust at that
smile. She felt that she must know this girl from somewhere. Wasn't she...

     Tammy reached down and pulled the confused girl into an upright, sitting
position. Jennifer grunted with discomfort as she felt the now-cold sperm
dribble out of her suddenly aching pussy when she sat up. "Come along, little
Jennifer Fucktoy," Tammy whispered. "Time to get dressed and go home."

     Home. Something in Jennifer's mind objected to being called 'fucktoy', but
'home' sounded good.

     Warm. Safe.

     With some help from Becky and Cindy, Tammy pulled Jennifer's slender arms
upward, and slid the a thin top down over Jennifer's head and over her chest.
The three girls than heaved Jennifer to her unsteady feet, and pulled some sort
of miniskirt up to her waist. Jennifer squirmed, not liking the feel of the
tight polyester on her skin, but could not effectively resist. Finally, Tammy
reached down and strapped a pair of four inch heels onto the feet of the weakly
struggling girl.

     "All done," Tammy announced, standing. "Let's take a look."

     Suddenly unsupported, Jennifer stood uncertainly on the heels, looking
about the room. Everyone was staring at her. The guys... Mark... the girls...
Confused, she turned in a circle, stumbling slightly on the heels, looking
about until she caught sight of herself in a mirror.

     Omygod!

     The girl staring back from the depths of the mirror looked like a complete
slut! She wore a tight, black polyester skirt that barely covered four inches
below the rounded bottom of her asscheeks. Likewise, the bright, pink
sleeveless top clearly revealed the outlines of her nipples, and hung only
halfway down her front, clearly exposing her stomach. The only other item of
clothing the girl was wearing was a pair of shiny black pumps. The girl's
tangled, matted hair gave her a wild, sexy appearance, as it hung down over her
face, half concealing her wide, brown eyes and thick, pouty lips.

     In the mirror, Jennifer saw Tammy come up behind her, and then felt the
other girl's hands reach around and cup her thinly covered breasts.

     "Come along, little play-slut," Tammy whispered in her ears, nibbling and
biting between words. "Time to go home."

     Home. That sounded right.

     Warm.

     Safe.

     Still dazed, Jennifer allowed herself to be led by the other girls,
unresisting, out the back door and across the parking lot to a waiting car. In
fact, she couldn't have fought back if she had wanted to; the drugs and alcohol
made it almost impossible for her to walk unaided on the four inch heels, and
she was forced to lean on the other girls for support.

     On the way to the parking lot, the girls encountered a group of guys
heading in the opposite direction. Jennifer looked one of them in the eye and
tried to ask for help, but he just smirked at her. Another guy whistled as the
girls walked past.

     "See," Tammy said, to no one in particular as the boys moved away. "No one
will see Jennifer Watson. Just some party slut."

     Finally, they reached their destination. Becky unlocked the back door and
shoved her inside with the aid of Cindy.

     Jennifer's last thought before she finally passed out on the back seat
where she say between Tammy and Becky - the former still playing with her
breasts - was of home.

     Safe.

                                  END PART ONE
       =================================================================
Part two will be posted in the very near future. As usual, I am interested in
hearing anything you might have to say about this story. Feel free to mail all
comments to the appropriate address.






                               PARKER7.TXT -- 2/4

                                 POOL PARTY II
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

            WARNING: This story contains all kinds of non-consensual
            sexual activity. If you don't like reading this sort of
            thing, stop now, before it is too late.

            This is the second part of a four part story.

             Copyright 1994 by me (Parker). Feel free to distribute
                    (unaltered of course), but be discrete.

       =================================================================

     When Jennifer eventually regained consciousness, she found herself
fastened securely to a heavy brass bed by four sets of cold metal handcuffs,
each one attaching its respective wrist or ankle to the four corners of the
bedframe. She struggled not to give in to panic as her mind slowly replayed for
her the events of the previous... what... evening? Jennifer had no way of
knowing how long she had been unconscious.

      Her conscious behaviour, however, was another story. Despite the drugs
and alcohol, her memory was pretty much intact: the arrival at the frathouse
(for a little bit of frat-baiting); the drinking; the strange feeling of
disassociation; the... the sex (Jennifer's stomach heaved at the thought); the
trip to the car...

     Then nothing.

     Where was she?

     Jennifer shook her long, dark hair away from her face and looked down at
herself. Oh god! It was every bit as bad as she'd remembered! With the
exception of the shoes - her feet were now bare - she was still wearing the
clothing in which she had left the party. The pink top; the miniskirt...
Someone seemed to have cleaned her up a bit, but there were still spots of
dried cum dotting the tank top and miniskirt.

     She squirmed, testing her bonds. No luck. The unyielding handcuffs just
bit a little further into her wrists, adding another layer of pain to overlay
the general ache which permeated her abused body. The captive girl moaned in
agony as the slight movement of her legs rubbed the inside of her thighs
together. She had obviously been rubbed raw the night before.

     Jennifer opened her mouth to scream for help, for anything, but could only
manage a weak sound that was halfway between a groan and a sob. She shivered in
misery. The after affects of the drugs and alcohol had left her throat parched
and her head aching.

     "Help me," she whispered.

     As if on cue, the door opened. Tammy Sinclair entered the room, carrying
with her a large bottle of mineral water. Jennifer's parched throat seemed to
swell shut at the sight of it.

     "Water?" she moaned.

     Tammy smiled. The short blonde girl carefully sat the bottle down beside
the bed - out of Jennifer's limited reach, of course - and sat down on the side
of the bed.

     "How's our little girl?" she asked mockingly. "Not feeling too good, hmm?"
She reached over and ran her fingers through her captive's thick black hair.
"Little Jennie have too much to drink?" she cooed. "Poor Jen-Jen."

     Jennifer ignored the insults.

     Only one thing mattered. "P-please... water."

     "Well, maybe a little later," Tammy chuckled. "We have some things to talk
about first." She moved her hands lower, dragging her short, pudgy fingers down
her captive's tear-stained cheek and then down to her barely covered breasts.
Jennifer stared, wide-eyed and unbelieving, as the younger girl began to play
with her firm tits. She squirmed in discomfort, but was unable to pull away.
Tammy, however, couldn't help but notice these attempts to avoid her touch.

     "Now that's no way to behave," she said with mock firmness. She grasped
one of Jennifer's nipples between two fingers and squeezed. Jennifer stiffened
and groaned in pain. "You're my little playmate now," the blonde said, still
squeezing. "My little play puss. Little playtoys don't try to move away. They
take what's given to them and are thankful for it." With one last twist, she
released the throbbing nipple and then resumed toying with Jennifer's breast.
This time, Jennifer didn't pull away. There was silence for a few moments as
Tammy finished with the breast and worked her way slowly down Jennifer's
stomach, under the miniskirt, and onto the captive's pussy. Jennifer tried to
close her legs, but she was unable to do so because of the cuffs on her ankles.
Hopelessly, she moaned and whimpered as her tormentress slowly sank one... and
then two thick fingers into her raw pussy.

     "Please... Tammy," she begged, voice hoarse and dusty. "Don't..."

     Tammy smirked at her. "Don't you remember me little Jennie?" she asked,
fingers still inserted. "You must."

     Jennifer just shook her head, confused. She knew Tammy by name, but not...

     "I was the person who represented this sorority at the hearing last year,"
the blonde explained, "during the inquiry into racial equality in campus
organizations." She slowly began to move her fingers in and out of her
captive's painful, fucked out pussy. "You remember. That was the inquiry where
it was determined that our sorority didn't have a large enough representation
of visible minorities," Tammy continued, "and our funding was cut off by sixty
percent." By now, Jennifer was having trouble following Tammy's words, as the
other girl's fingers were sending waves of stabbing pain into her belly. She
remembered the inquiry though; it had been her idea...

      "That's this sorority. That's why our house is only about half full.
That's why we have plenty of room to keep you here for as long as we want."
Tammy abruptly jerked her fingers free of Jennifer's pussy.

     "Ahh..." Jennifer's hips bucked with pain.

     "So you're going to make it up to us," Tammy finished. "To me. You're
going to be the house pussy slave." Tammy reached over, opened the bottle, and
took a long slow drink of water. Her words slowly sunk in as Jennifer watched
her drink.

     Pussy slave! Tammy finished drinking and methodically screwed the cap back
on. "And what's more," she continued, "you're going to help replace the money
that was confiscated for the pool at Phi Phi Phi. We've arranged a little part
time job for you."

     Jennifer tried to say something... to question what was happening, but her
throat was too parched to let out anything but a hoarse cough. And her head
ached so much!

     Tammy stood. "Well," she said sweetly, "I've given you a lot to think
about right now. We'll talk more later." The girl turned and walked out of the
room. The bottle of water, on the other hand, was left on a side table, just
out of Jennifer's reach.

     She had no way of telling; it could have been hours or it could have been
days before the door opened again. Jennifer had no way of measuring time other
than by the slow, steady increase in torment as her bound body became more and
more dehydrated. Her wrists and ankles had been rubbed red and raw by her
frenzied attempts to get loose - to reach the precious bottle of water sitting
beside the bed - but it had been no use. She was still chained firmly in
position on the bed when Tammy finally re- entered the room.

     "How are we doing pet?" the girl asked.

     Jennifer looked up at her with bleary, red-rimmed eyes.

     "W-wat... er," she croaked, voice dusty and dry.

     Tammy smiled nastily. "Water?" she asked, all innocent. "Are you getting
thirsty?"

     Jennifer nodded weakly.

     "Well then," Tammy said cheerfully, "I'll give you some water, but you'll
have to do something for me first."

     Jennifer just stared at her.

     Waiting.

     "Ever since your little display at Phi Phi Phi the other night," Tammy
told her, "I've been a little hot. All that delicious sex..." The girl sighed
wistfully. "And none for me." She sat down on the side of the bed and slipped a
hand under the pink top. Jennifer didn't pull away. She'd learned that lesson.
"So," she continued, "I was just thinking... wouldn't it be nice to have a
little pussy slave to take care of me when I get hot? A nice, obedient little
play puss to give me the tongue whenever I want it."

      Jennifer stared in horror, eyes wide. The drug-induced sex with the boys
had been a nightmare, but this... this was sick. She wasn't a lesbian! (Not
that she didn't support the lifestyle choices made by...)

     "I'm sure a lot of the girls her would appreciate the same thing," Tammy
continued.

     Jennifer coughed out an answer. "N...no." Never.

     Tammy frowned, removing her hand from the older girl's breast. "Well," she
said, "If you're going to be unreasonable, I'll just have to come back and talk
to you about it later." She slid to her feet and stalked away, closing the door
behind her.

     "N... no," Jennifer repeated to the now empty room.

     This time, Jennifer was certain that days had passed before anyone came
back into the room. It must have been days. She had tried to hold it, but had
finally admitted defeat as her swollen bladder gave way and the beer-piss that
had been building up for the last few hours had sprayed out, soaking the bed
and her upper legs. That had been hours ago; the moisture had long since dried
off her thighs, but the smell was maddening.

     "Pee yew" Tammy muttered as she entered the room. "Has little Jennie had
an accident?" Jennifer's face burned with mortification. It hadn't been her
fault, but some instinct that had been bred into her since her childhood
toilet-training kept chanting her guilt over and over to her.

     She had been a bad girl.

     She had done a bad thing.

     "It sure does smell like it," came another voice. Not Tammy. It was Lisa,
the tall dark haired girl who had dressed up in Jennifer's clothing and taken
her car. In fact, she was still wearing Jennifer's clothes. Jennifer's eyes
struggled to muster the non-existent moisture necessary to create tears at the
sight of these relics of her life before the events of the party. No tears
though; just a dry stinging sensation in her eyes.

     The pudgy blonde girl looked down on her.

     "Well pet?" she asked. "Ready to begin?"

     Jennifer nodded. She had been ready for the last few hours, ever since she
had voided herself on the bed. That had been the final blow; she knew that she
would do whatever they said. At least until she had a chance to get free.

     Anything for some water.

     Tammy smirked and looked over at her friend. "I told you," she said.

     "We'll see," Lisa sniffed, brushing her long black hair back from her
face. "She hasn't done anything yet." The girl bent over and began pulling down
her - Jennifer's - slacks.

     "She will," Tammy said confidently.

     In a few moments, Lisa had removed her glasses and was naked from the
waist down.  Jennifer tried to close her eyes, but was unable to turn away. She
watched in horrified fascination as the girl stretched her long, thin legs,
climbed on the bed, and straddled Jennifer's face with her thighs. Lisa's
pussy, thick with tangled black hair, was soon directly above her mouth.

      Jennifer gagged. She immediately felt almost smothered by the smell of
pussy.

      "I can't believe she's gonna do this," Lisa predicted pessimistically.

     "Just a second," Tammy said. The blonde opened the water bottle, poured
some of the liquid onto her palm, and quickly splashed it over her friend's
pussy. A few drops fell free and landed on Jennifer's face. The captive girl
swallowed as best she could, but a good portion of the water glistened
invitingly in Lisa's pussy hair.

     Jennifer moaned. Not enough.

     Not nearly enough water.

     "Do it," Tammy said. "Jam your snatch in her ugly face."

     Obediently, the dark haired girl lowered her naked crotch onto Jennifer's
face, jamming her pussy over the girl's nose and mouth. At first, Jennifer kept
her mouth firmly closed, revolted by the sight and smell of the other girl's
pussy. She just couldn't do it; she couldn't! But, a few moments later, the
feel of the water on her lips forced her to open her mouth and extend her
tongue.

      Water!

      Tammy had splashed Lisa's crotch with precious water. Jennifer - slowly
at first, but then with increasing enthusiasm - thrust her tongue out between
her parched lips and began to lick. The taste of the water overcame all
inhibitions. Within moments, she was slurping away loudly at Lisa's cunt, her
dry tongue scraping along the outside of Lisa's pussy.

     "She's doing it," the girl cried, excited. "She's licking my pussy. The
little slut." Lisa, excited by the captive's obedience, let out a moan of
intense pleasure as she reached up to fondle her own tits. "Harder," she
moaned, grinding her sopping pussy into the unwilling girl's face.

     Jennifer shuddered as another wave of shame and revulsion washed over her
while Lisa gasped and writhed on her face. But she couldn't help herself. She
had to have moisture! The water was gone now, but Lisa's pussy was beginning to
produce juices of its own. Still parched, Jennifer thirstily sucked away,
oblivious of all else as Lisa began humping her crotch up and down on top of
her face.

     Nothing else mattered.

     Which was why, after Lisa quickly came with a shuddering, intense orgasm
and climbed slowly off the bed, Jennifer was shocked to find more girls in the
room. It was Becky and Cindy. The twins.

     Cindy held a camera.

     "You're next," Tammy said, gesturing towards Becky. The slender redhead
needed no further encouragement. Already naked, she giggled as she climbed
aboard, small tits bobbing merrily. A natural redhead. Once again, Jennifer was
forced to lick and suck the girl to climax, all the time desperately slurping
up and drinking down and much as possible of the precious pussy juice.

     An irregular burst of light attested to the fact that Cindy was capturing
the entire event on film, but Jennifer didn't care any more. Her whole world
was focused on the tight, wet pussy being ground into her face. She needed the
liquid.

     Next was Cindy. Jennifer gagged and began chocking as the black girl
climbed aboard shoved her wet, smelly pussy in the captive's face, but she soon
started lapping away with enthusiasm, just as she had done for the other two
girls.

     Finally, Tammy herself straddled the captive's face. By now, Jennifer was
no longer revolted by the other girls' pussies. They were just a source of
nourishment. She even moaned in frustration when Tammy, after coming twice,
loudly, climbed off. Involuntarily, Jennifer raised her head off the pillow in
a vain attempt to capture just a few more drops of pussy juice from Tammy's
dripping pussy.

     She couldn't help herself. She wanted more. Not sexual pleasure, as she
had felt none, but moisture.

     Sweet moisture...

     Cindy, still half naked, took a few more pictures, moving around the bed
to capture the scene from a number of different angles. Their captive's hair
was once again (as it had been at the pool party) matted down onto her sweaty
forehead, this time stuck down with pussy juice rather than sperm. In fact, the
girl's entire face shone red with the exertion and results of her efforts.

     "Look," Cindy giggled. Jennifer had extended her tongue as far out of her
mouth as she could, and was running it desperately over as much of her face as
she could manage, still trying to capture whatever moisture that was available.
Laughing and giggling, the four girls watched for a while, fascinated, until
Tammy ushered them out of the room and shut the door behind them. Finally, it
was just her and Jennifer alone again.

     "There, little puss sucker," Tammy smirked. "That wasn't so bad, was it?"
Jennifer had given up trying to suck in any more pussy juice and just lay
there, staring upwards with hatred. Control had returned, and with it an
intense hatred for the person who had so degraded her. The blonde girl,
however, was unimpressed. Laughing, Tammy ran a hand over her captive's
forehead. She gathered up a glob of pussy juice and brought it down to the
older girl's lips. Hatred was immediately forgotten. As was pride. Almost
against her will, Jennifer opened her red, swollen lips and accepted Tammy's
juice-covered finger in her mouth, sucking thirstily. After she had sucked the
moisture off of it, Tammy pulled it out and repeated the process until
Jennifer's face had more or less been scraped dry and Jennifer lay still,
hoarse and panting with humiliation.

     She needed more.

     "Don't be greedy now," Tammy cautioned as Jennifer laboriously turned her
head and gazed longingly at the bottle of water. "There'll be plenty more pussy
juice for you soon."

      Still, she poured a handful of water into her palm and allowed the older
girl to lap it up. Jennifer did so, but this time she was keenly aware of her
humiliation: lapping water out of this bitch's hand like some dog.
Nevertheless...

     Finally, Tammy stood up to go.

     "Wait," Jennifer protested, throat now lubricated with moisture.
"What's... h-how long are you going to keep me here? You can't just..." She let
the thought trail off, unspoken.

     Could they?

     Tammy smiled down at her. "Why, just until you earn back the money you had
taken from the boys; for their pool."

     Jennifer was both puzzled and enraged. After a brief struggle, the
puzzlement won out; there wasn't much point in venting her anger while she was
fastened down so securely.

     "But... how?"

     "Don't you worry about that, little play-puss," Tammy cooed. "It's all
arranged. You start training for your new job tomorrow." With that, the blonde
coed turned out the lights and left the room.

     "Wait..."

     The door swung shut. And Jennifer, who now had taken in enough moisture to
form tears, began to cry.

                                  END PART II
       =================================================================
As usual, I am interested in anything you might have to say about the story.
You know how to reach me.






                               PARKER7.TXT -- 3/4

                                 POOL PARTY III
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

          WARNING: This story contains lots and lots of non-consensual
          sexual activity. It is not intended for minors or for those
          who are easily offended. If you fall into either of these
          categories, stop reading now.

                  This is the third part of a four part story.

             Copyright 1994 by me (Parker). Feel free to distribute
                    (unaltered, of course), but be discrete.

       =================================================================

     The job, it turned out, was stripping.

     The trainer was a hard looking oriental woman named Kim. Kim Loo. She
worked as a recruiter and trainer for a chain of 'gentleman's clubs' across the
country. In particular, she worked for the local club of the chain:
'Pussywillows', located in nearby Point Hope. Tammy had met her there during
the 'end of the school year' celebrations after her first year of college.
Evidently, they had worked out some sort of deal for Jennifer to work at the
club. At least, if Kim wanted her.

     And it seemed she did.

     Jennifer was still fastened down on the bed when Kim Loo had shown up at
the sorority the morning after the captive's first session of pussy sucking.
The girls had gotten her to repeat her duties that morning, but had been
meticulous in getting her cleaned up for her 'audition'.

     Kim had looked down on the captive girl as she stared back from the bed
with wide, confused eyes, still dressed in the pink top and miniskirt in which
she had left the pool party. The oriental woman was careful not to show any
emotion as she stared down at Jennifer with impenetrable black eyes, but she
knew instantly that this girl would be perfect for the club. Pussywillows
specialized in fresh new talent, its patrons preferring the slightly hesitant
and embarrassed newcomers over the more experienced professionals. As well, the
professionals knew better than to hook up with a place like Pussywillows, as it
was more than stripjoint.

     Jennifer fit the bill perfectly.

     After what seemed like an eternity to Jennifer, the woman had turned to
Tammy.

     "She'll do." That was all. The woman turned and walked out of the bedroom.

     "What's going on?" Jennifer whined, thoroughly frightened.

     "She's going to be your new boss," Tammy explained gleefully. "And
trainer. You start next week at Pussywillow's in Point Hope."

     Jennifer's eyes widened with shock and she chocked back a cry. She knew
all about that place. In fact, she had spent much of the previous summer
picketing in front of it, and gathering signatures on a petition to have it
shut down. It was one of her few unsuccessful causes.

     That was enough.

     "No way," she stated. "No fuckin' way I'm doing it." Jennifer began to
struggle with her bonds. "Now let me loose you bitch." She thrashed about on
the bed, but to no avail.

     Tammy just smiled.

     A nasty smile.

     "I think," the blonde coed said mildly, green eyes sparkling with malice,
"that it's time to show you something. A demonstration." She walked to the
other side of the room, bent over, and slid open a battered wooden drawer. When
she straightened up, she held in her hand a metal rod, about two feet in
length, with a plastic handle on one end and a small bulb on the other. A small
red switch sat beside a plastic dial on the handle.

     "This," she announced happily, "is a cattle prod." Jennifer stared in
horrified fascination as Tammy walked up to the side of the bed. "I'm going to
give you a jolt on low power, just to give you a taste of it. If I have to use
it again, however, it will be turned to full." She flicked the switch. The rod
emitted a low humming sound as Tammy waved it slowly over her captive's face
and then lowered it to Jennifer's stomach.

     Jennifer shook her head. "No... NOOOOO......"

     Pain.

     The pain was unbelievable. It went so far beyond anything Jennifer had
ever imagined a human being could experience and still survive that she was for
a moment utterly certain that she had somehow spontaneously burst into flames
and was being consumed by the fire. Indeed, she was shocked to find herself
intact when the burning finally died down.

     Tammy looked down in satisfaction. Jennifer's eyes were wild with pain and
her quivering lower chin was covered with glistening spittle from where she had
virtually foamed at the mouth. That should do it.

     "That was on low power," she reiterated. "Next time it's on full. If you
continue to misbehave, you'll become rather... intimate with it." Tammy paused
to let her words sink in.

     "Do you understand?"

     Jennifer, still racked with the pain-filled aftershocks of the jolt,
nodded her head in emphatic agreement. She was certain - she knew - that she
could not survive a jolt at full power. It would surely kill her.

     Tammy smirked in satisfaction. The prod seemed to have done its job.
Turning, she called out: "Becky. Cindy." The twins appeared in the doorway and
entered the room. "Get her ready for her first lesson," Tammy ordered.

     It was to be the first of many.

     The lessons took place in the sorority common room.

     For about three hours every morning and then every afternoon, Kim taught
Jennifer the rudiments of stripping. At first, she kept her clothes on. Kim
taught her how to stretch and move her sleek body to show off most effectively
her various 'assets' (as Kim called them). She learned to bump and grind her
crotch in an obscene circular motion; how to prance with grace on the four inch
pumps they forced her to wear continually. Jennifer was taught how to swing her
narrow hips in a sexy manner; how to move in a way that caused her tits to
bounce up and down on her chest just so.

     In short, she was being trained to act the perfect slut.

     When the 'basics' were over, Kim started in on the actual stripping.
Against her will - but enthusiastically, under threat of the cattle prod - she
learned how to remove her various articles of clothing, one by one, in way
calculated to drive men wild. Again and again, the mortified girl was forced to
strut her stuff in front of Kim and the sorority girls, and slowly...
teasingly... strip down to nothing. Once naked, she was instructed in the 'fine
art' of showing off some of the usually hidden parts of her body: slipping her
hands under her firm titties and pushing upwards; crouching with legs spread to
show off her pussy; turning, back to the audience, spreading her legs and
bending at the waist...

     When Kim was satisfied that she had made a good start on the actual
stripping, Jennifer was shown some other necessary skills for her new role in
life: the oriental woman demonstrated how to apply thick layers of what was
almost stage makeup for use under the bright lights of the catwalk; how to pout
like a spoiled slut and run her pink tongue over her now bright, red lips. How
to blow sexy mock kisses to an (for now) imaginary audience. She was shown how
to tease her own nipples - after, of course, they had been suitably rouged - so
that they stood proud and firm on her chest.

     Day after day she practised...

     The extreme humiliation of these lessons was not lost on Jennifer. The
fact that she - a person who had dedicated her life to eradicating such sexist,
male-gratifying images - was forced to learn how to behave like some adolescent
fantasy-slut drove her wild with frustration and anger.

     But there was nothing she could do.

     Absolutely nothing.

     She had refused only once to obey a command, early on in the second
lesson. Smiling a sadistic little smile, Tammy had taken the now crying girl
into the bedroom and, without saying a word, had used the cattle prod on her.

     At full force.

     As promised.

     When the convulsions at last had died down, Jennifer found herself alone
in the room, curled half naked into a fetal position on the floor. She knew
what she had to do. Sobbing with pain and humiliation, she pushed herself to
her feet, straightened her meagre clothing, and stumbled back into the common
room to continue the lesson.

     Kim had been waiting for her.

     And the lessons resumed.

     The oriental woman could not, of course, spend all of her time at the
sorority house training her new employee. She had other duties. She had,
however, left certain instructions which the girls followed with enthusiasm.
For example, when she was not actively engaged in a particular lesson, Jennifer
was to be kept in full 'slut dress' - tight miniskirts; wispy tops; plastic
pumps; heavy makeup -  in order to practice and become accustomed to her new
role in life. Thus, for the full two weeks of her training, Jennifer was forced
to prance around in full makeup and wore nothing but short, tight miniskirts,
revealing tops and high heels. Before long, the sleek, sexy walk of a hot slut
became second nature to her.

     But Tammy wanted more. Under threat of the cattle prod, their unwilling
trainee was only allowed to speak either in a breathy whisper - Tammy had
forced her to practice it for hours on end - which the girls referred to as her
'sex kitten voice', or in a high, nasal whine (the 'bimbo' voice). In either
case, she was not allowed to use words of greater than two syllables. At first,
Jennifer had been unable to maintain the new voices, and the girls were
'forced' to administer a number of humiliating spankings during which their
captive was forced to thank them after each swat - in the appropriate voice, of
course - and apologize for her disobedience. With such encouragement, Jennifer
was soon able to maintain the voices without conscious thought, but the limit
of two syllables made it difficult for her to articulate any sort of complex
thought. Soon, she was speaking only in short, simple sentences.

     Evenings, of course, she was required to service the girls, and she
quickly became quite proficient at pussy sucking. The thought of being required
to slurp the other girl's pussies every night soon lost its terror, and more
than once she became quite angry at herself when she involuntarily felt a flush
of pleasure when Lisa complimented her. 'First chance,' she told herself, face
buried deep in the other girl's pussy, 'and I'm out of here.'

     That chance, however, never seemed to come.

     Still, Tammy wanted more.

     After a few nights, Tammy appeared in the bedroom with a large black
dildo. "You're always going on about how the blacks are treated on campus," the
blonde coed laughed. "Put your pussy where your mouth is." She threw the
massive object onto the bed beside the older girl. Jennifer, naked except for
her shiny black pumps and a black pushup bra, looked warily at the thing as she
sat on the side of the bed. It must have been at least ten inches long. They
couldn't...

     Tammy, sensing the older girl's hesitation, walked over and picked up the
ever present cattle prod. "Do it," she ordered menacingly. Trembling, Jennifer
reached over the grasped the massive black dildo. "Now," Tammy continued, "lean
back against the pillow and start fucking yourself with it."

     Jennifer looked up. "T-Tammy..." The other girl sighed and flicked on the
cattle prod. The low, electric hum immediately filled the room with the promise
of pain. That was enough for Jennifer. Hastily, she lay back against the
pillow, spread her legs and began inserting the dildo.

     "What's up?" It was Cindy, followed, as ever, by Becky.

     "The slut here's been complaining that she doesn't get enough cock," Tammy
smirked. "Isn't that right?"

     Jennifer nodded unevenly from the bed where she was still trying to force
the dildo inside her stretched pussy. About half of is had now disappeared from
view.

     "Say it." Tammy waved the cattle prod.

     "I... I w-wanted some c-cock," Jennifer groaned, as another inch was
sucked inside.

     The twins giggled. "I'll get my camera," Cindy cried, running out of the
room. Tammy, laughing, walked over to the side of the bed. "C'mon little
fuckpet," she cooed. "Get it in... that's right." By the time Cindy returned
with her camera, Jennifer had finally managed to encompass the entire dildo,
and was just beginning - on Tammy's instructions - to start sliding it in and
out.

      Becky reached over and began playing with Jennifer's nipples, but Tammy
caller her away. "Let her do that," she stated. Becky pulled away. "OK Jennie
Cockslave," the blonde said, "start putting on a show. Rub your little titties
and play with yourself until you make us believe that you've had an orgasm."
Jennifer turned beet red with embarrassment, but did as she was told.

     Tammy was holding the cattle prod.

     And so, sleek legs stretched wide and trembling with tension, Jennifer
began to masturbate in earnest. She closed her eyes and began thinking about...
about anything other than where she was; about being with a boy. A nice boy. A
boy who would treat her with respect; who would realize that she too was a real
person with goals and aspirations of her own; a boy who would make long, tender
love to her...

     Finally, the fantasy began to have an effect. Her pussy juices started
flowing, and for the first time since the pool party, she began to feel some
sexual pleasure. The large black dildo, now glistening, slid in and out... in
and out, while she teased her own nipples through the sheer bra. Her brightly
painted lips parted and she let out a small moan of pleasure as the cock drove
her higher... higher... higher...

      Finally, she came. A wave of pleasure rolled over and through her body,
washing away the long days and hours of humiliation and suffering. She felt
warm and...

     Then she opened her eyes.

     Instead of the warm, understanding lover of her dreams, she saw herself,
stretched half naked on a bed, legs spread wide and a large, black dildo stuck
halfway up her pussy, while Tammy and the twins - Cindy with the camera -
looked on and laughed.

      "What's with the slut?" It was Lisa, who had just entered the room. "She
gettin' off?"

     And, for only the second time since she had been abducted from the pool
party, Jennifer began to cry in front of her captors...

     Every night after that, Jennifer was required to put on a show for the
sorority girls. Usually with the black dildo, but sometimes with other objects
such as bottles or flashlights. Usually up her pussy, but not always. Many
nights found her lying with her ankles chained up around her ears, running the
dildo in and out of her tightly stretched asshole.

     She never came again, but soon became adept at faking sexual excitement.
And the girls didn't care. It was even more degrading when their captive's
moans and grunts of pleasure were entirely put on...

     Still Tammy wanted more.

     One night, she showed up in the bedroom with a new toy; a long, pink dildo
strapped to her crotch. First, she had Jennifer give her a blowjob. The older
girl had balked at first, but she soon found herself on her knees in front of
the pudgy blonde, running her thick, pouty lips up and down the plastic cock.
"Tell me how much you love it," Tammy ordered, running the cattle prod lightly
along Jennifer's naked back.

      "Mmmm..." Jennifer moaned obediently, "I love to suck cock. Give it to
me. S-slide it into my mouth..." The girls liked this, and forced her to
continue, switching back and forth from the 'bimbo' voice to the 'sex kitten'
voice. Cindy took numerous pictures as Jennifer slaved over the plastic cock,
running her slender fingers up and down its spit glistening surface and sucking
it deep into her throat.

     After a while, Tammy pushed Jennifer back down onto the bed and climbed on
top. The other girls laughed and clapped with amusement as the blonde
ringleader spread Jennifer's legs and began to fuck her with the dildo.
Jennifer didn't resist - she didn't dare - but that was not enough. Tammy
wanted active participation. A few slaps and pinches later (and, inevitably,
the threat of the cattle prod), Jennifer was moaning and grunting like an
experienced whore as Tammy rammed the plastic dildo in and out of her pussy.
Afterwards, the girls all had to give it a try, each one insisting that
Jennifer react as if overcome by lust. In this manner, Jennifer was trained to
fake an orgasm; going over it again and again until the girls agreed that she
had it right. Soon, despite the fact that the sex with the dildo gave her no
pleasure at all, Jennifer was bucking, moaning and screaming out orgasms like a
porn star. Like the rest of her slut behaviour, it became second nature to her.

     But Tammy wanted more.

     Anal sex.

     The blonde girl had been forced to use the cattle prod for the third time
when Jennifer objected to being sodomized with the enormous phallus.  As usual,
it had proved an effective tool: the next night found Jennifer sitting on
Tammy's lap, riding the greased plastic dildo up and down her anal passage. All
the time mauling her own breasts, moaning and whining like it was the best
thing she had ever felt.

     By this time, the girls were regularly filming these little training
sessions. Jennifer didn't object.

     She didn't dare.

     Finally, a little over two weeks later, Tammy and Kim decided that
Jennifer was ready for work. As a prelude, Tammy set up a 'coming out' party,
inviting the boys from Phi Phi Phi to witness the results of their hard work.

     Mark was the first one to arrive. He was greeted at the door by a vastly
changed Jennifer. Not the clothing: she was still wearing the same polyester
miniskirt, pink top and high heels he had last seen her in at the pool party.
That was the same. But everything else... it was like night and day. This
Jennifer - the one who opened the door - gazed up at him with wide, adoring
eyes. This Jennifer slowly ran her tongue over her thick, pouty lips before
asking him, in a deep, breathy voice: "Come in. Can Jennie take your coat?"
(Even now, Jennifer couldn't help but blush in helpless embarrassment at this
final humiliation - Tammy had decreed that she was no longer to refer to
herself in the first person.) This Jennifer flounced away, jacket in hand, with
her hips swinging back in forth in an inviting fashion. This was not the
president of the Concerned Students for Political Correctness; this was one hot
slut!

     By the time the rest of the guys had arrived, Mark was comfortably seated
on a large chair in the common room. The new Jennifer - Jennie she was called
now, Jennie Fucktoy - had greeted each one of the guests individually - some
with long, deep kisses - and was now busily serving drinks. An oriental woman -
must be Kim, he realized, remembering his conversations with Tammy, from the
club - was given a position of honour right at the front of the room. Directly
in front of the cleared area that would serve as a makeshift stage, she would
have the best view of the upcoming show.

     Finally, everything was ready. Jennifer was led out of the room by the
twins and Tammy walked to the front of the impromptu stage and called loudly
for attention.

     "Ok everyone," she called out. "Listen up." The room quickly fell silent.
"Tonight," she stated in a mock announcer's voice, "it is my pleasure to
present BCN's very own Campus Boy-Toy; our very own sex bitch and pussy-sucker:
Jennie Fucktoy!"

     Lisa hit a switch, and the lights dimmed in the non-stage portion of the
room while a slow, raunchy blues number cranked up through a pair of old
speakers behind the stage. After a few moments, Jennifer appeared on stage.

     The new Jennifer.

     Standing in the doorway behind the common room, Jennifer felt like she was
about to throw up. She had considered trying to slip out the back, but Becky
and Cindy were keeping a close eye on her. And, of course, the threat of the
cattle prod was a potent one. She was simply unwilling to risk the cost of an
unsuccessful attempt to escape.

     "...Jennie Fucktoy!"

     Tammy had finished her spiel. The music had started up.

     Showtime.

     Knowing she had no choice, Jennifer took a deep breath and walked onstage.

     Mark hooted and hollered with the rest of them as Jennifer - no; Jennie
Fucktoy - appeared onstage. He couldn't believe that this was the same bitch
who had given them so much grief on campus over the last four years. This girl
- this slut - walked slowly towards the front of the stage; lips parted in an
appealing pout; long, sleek legs moving in time with the bass; hips swinging...
It was amazing. Was this the same anal retentive Jennifer Watson who had
crashed his party a couple of weeks ago? He felt his cock harden as the
bitch-slut on stage strutted her stuff back and forth in time with the music...

     Jennifer tried to ignore the cries and catcalls - the mad, leering faces -
as she went through the routine. She had been through it a hundred times
before, but never with an audience. She felt her hardened nipples (thirty
seconds of rubbing had done it backstage) push against the front of her thin,
pink top as she strutted across the stage. Almost too late, she remembered to
lick her lips and smile at the audience...

     The terrifying image of the cattle prod shot through her mind...

     Unbelievable!  This Jennie Fucktoy or whatever they called her was
unfuckingbleievable. What a babe! She was presently crouched down in the centre
of the stage, legs spread and pussy clearly visible between her thighs.

     Mark reached down and began to stroke his cock.

     Jennifer kept the technique of the strip tease in the forefront of her
mind, trying to ignore all else: straighten up, twirl and bend (wiggle your
ass); unfasten the top while back is to the audience (smile over your
shoulder); drop top, turn, push breasts up, fondle (lick your lips and smile);
let tits go, wiggle back and forth to make them shake (moan and smile); reach
down and insert thumbs in waistband of miniskirt...

     Tammy watched in satisfaction. It was going perfectly. The boys were going
wild as Jennie Fucktoy, now totally naked except for the pumps, stretched her
legs and ran her hands up and down the outside of her pussy. Tammy had wanted
to take it farther, actually make her masturbate herself with the black dildo,
but Kim had turned down that idea: no penetration.

     At least not in this state.

     Finally, the show was over. The music faded and Jennie was left standing,
naked and glistening with sweat as the boys laughed and cheered. Tammy glanced
over at Kim who had quickly stood up. The woman nodded at Tammy and walked past
the panting Jennie and into the kitchen. Tammy walked on stage, grabbed the
stunned Jennie by the arm, and dragged her, stumbling in the pumps, back into
the kitchen.

     Kim had taken out a piece of paper and placed it on the table beside a
pen. Still naked, Jennifer stared blankly at the paper. What did they want her
to do?

     Then Tammy began to speak: "It's a contract," she explained. "Between you,
me and Pussywillows. For your job."

     Confused, Jennifer glanced down at the paper. One particular phrase jumped
out at her. Three months. THREE MONTHS. She looked over at the girl who held
her by the arm. "T-Three months?" she asked, still speaking in the low breathy
voice. "I... Jennie works three months?"

     "Bimbo voice," Tammy ordered.

     Jennifer swallowed and repeated the question, this time in high, ditzy
voice.

     This time Tammy nodded. "That's right. After that, you'll have paid back
the money we lost for the pool."

     It wasn't much, but Jennifer grasped firmly at that small bit of hope.
There was an end in sight.

     A way out.

     Three months...

     Hand shaking, she reached down and picked up the pen. It was difficult to
handle, as she was still unused to the long, bright red nails that had been
glued to her own fingernails, but she managed to sign her name in a shaky
scrawl. Tammy quickly grabbed the pen and signed her own name. Kim, less
anxiously, added her own name to the document.

     The oriental woman smiled in satisfaction as she pocketed the pen. She
looked over at Tammy who was openly grinning. "Have her at the club by noon
tomorrow." That said, she turned and left the room.

     Tammy turned to Jennie. "Well Jennie," she laughed. "You're all set. Just
one more thing?"

     Jennifer looked puzzled. What more could there possibly be?

     Tammy gestured to the common room where the boys were still clapping and
cheering. "You've got an adoring audience to satisfy," she explained. Jennifer
started to protest, but Tammy just grabbed the older girl's face and dragged it
closer. "And," she continued, "if I hear of one complaint - just one guy who
thinks that you aren't enjoying the gang banging you're about to get - you'll
spend the night with the cattle prod turned on to full power and stuffed up
your cunt. Do you understand?"

     Jennifer nodded. What else could she do?

     Laughing, Tammy jerked her around and shoved the hapless girl back into
the common room. The cheering rose to new heights...

                                  END PART III
       =================================================================
       If you have any comments about this story, please drop me a line.






                               PARKER7.TXT -- 4/4

                                 POOL PARTY IV
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

          WARNING: This story not only contains rather a good deal of
          non-consensual sexual activity, it actively features it. If
          you don't want to read about such things, stop now.

                  This is the forth part of a four part story.

             Copyright 1994 by me (Parker). Feel free to distribute
                    (unaltered of course), but be discrete.

       =================================================================

     Kim Loo watched in satisfaction as her newest employee looked around,
slightly confused, at the murky inside of the club. She didn't look happy. And
why should she? Pussywillows wasn't much to look at during the day: the
florescent work lights highlighted the same seediness that lent the nightclub a
sense of attractive danger when the lights were low. And besides, with the
attractions featured up on the catwalk, who noticed cheap formica tables and
cracked, fake leather seats?

     Kim loved her job.

     Particularly at moments like these, when some stuckup rich young college
bitch - the kind of bitch who had treated her and her family like shit all her
life - began her career as an 'exotic dancer'. Most of them came more or less
willingly, needing money - often for drugs - or just being attracted to the
'glamorous' lifestyle. Indeed, there were plenty of girls around willing to
strip - or whatever - if the price was right. A situation like this, however,
with a girl like Jennifer, that was the best.

      Kim well remembered the events of the previous summer - the picketing;
the chanting students; the publicity... The chance to pay back the leader of
that particular episode was not one to be missed. The possibilities...

     Well.

     Kim Loo straightened up and carefully wiped her face clean of expression.
It wouldn't do to let the girls see her true emotions; it would weaken her
control over them if they realized that the 'dragon lady' had feelings and
emotions just like they did. What would happen would happen.

     "Here she is," Tammy announced.

     The blonde girl was leading her unresisting captive by the arm while her
three confederates trailed along behind. In her other hand, held flat against
her leg, was the cattle prod. Needless to say, Jennifer had been well behaved
on the trip over from Bakersville. The four girls had taken turns getting their
pussies eaten out in the back of the car.

     "Signed, sealed and delivered." The short blonde girl gave a shove,
sending Jennifer stumbling forward. She was dressed in her by now usual
slutware: tight black skirt, thin top, four inch heels and overdone makeup.

     She looked frightened.

     Perfect.

     "Good," Kim Loo said, emotionless as ever. "We will take her from here."
She gestured to another girl who had just entered the club. "Sue," she ordered.
"This is the new girl. Jennie. Show her around and get her ready." Sue, a
statuesque blonde girl, gestured for Jennifer to follow, but before Jennifer
could obey, Kim grabbed her tightly by her teased-up black hair and jerked her
face around.

     "What do you say?" the oriental woman asked, voice calm.

     Jennifer trembled for a moment, but then realized what was required of
her. "T-thank you Ms Loo," she answered, still in the low, sexy voice the girls
had forced on her. The trainer nodded in satisfaction and released Jennifer's
hair. Sue, smirking, walked away and Jennifer followed. Kim was pleased to note
that the girl swung her hips widely back and forth in a sexy manner as she
walked. These girls had done some good work. Nevertheless...

     "Is there anything more?" she asked, turning back to Tammy.

     "Uhmm..." The blonde girl seemed momentarily at a loss. "The... uh,
money..."

     "You will pick her up on Sunday morning and return her on Tuesday
morning," Kim stated evenly. "That was the deal. Her earnings each week will be
waiting with her on Sunday. In cash."

     Tammy nodded. "Fine," she said, backing away. "But you don't mind if we
drop by just to... watch." Tammy blushed slightly at this last statement.

     Inwardly, Kim sneered. "You may come whenever you wish," she answered, her
tone revealing nothing of the contempt she felt for these girls. She would like
nothing better than to get control of all of them... but, she had to be
realistic.

     Jennifer was enough.

     For now.

     As it happened, Susan Jacobs actually knew Jennifer. Not well, but they
had been classmates in their first year at BCN. Beyond that, however, they had
nothing in common. Jennifer's family was rich, whereas Sue, a tall blonde girl
with large, bouncing tits, had come from a poor family. In fact, she had at
first drifted into exotic dancing as a way of earning extra money to help her
through school. It had been so easy in the beginning: a stag here, an out of
town convention there... everything had gone well until she had made the
mistake of working a bachelor party at which a fellow student attended. Word
quickly got around, and before long her life at the college was made a misery
of pinches, slaps, feels, sly looks and innuendo. By the end of her first year
at BCN, she was generally regarded with contempt by the other students, ignored
and ridiculed by the girls and treated like a whore in open season by the guys.

     She didn't return for a second year.

     The full time stripping just followed naturally afterwards. She wouldn't
return home to admit defeat. Working in hamburger joints just didn't pay.

     So what else was there?

     Deep down, however, Sue felt a sick sort of contempt for herself and the
life she had chosen. A contempt she knew would be shared by her friends and
family back home if they were ever to find out how low she'd sunk. The only
excuse she had - the only reason she could live with herself and what she had
become - was her family's poverty. She made the best money she could, and every
week sent some of it home to her family. And that was why, when faced with what
she believed to be a rich slut like Jennifer who didn't have to strip for a
living but instead chose to do it, Sue quickly felt a deep and abiding hatred.

     "This is the change room," she explained roughly. "We do six routines a
night. All changes will be done here."

     The rich slut nodded.

     Bitch.

     Silently, Sue stalked down the short hallway to the stage entrance. "This
is the catwalk where you'll do the show." She shoved open the door and walked
onstage. Jennifer followed. The catwalk was a long, thin stage with a row of
footlights around its perimeter. A shiny metal pole ran from the floor in the
centre of the stage to a slot in the ceiling.

     Sue gestured to the rest of the club. "Between routines," she said,
"you'll be expected to 'mingle' with the customers."

     Jennifer looked puzzled. "Mingle?" she asked, in her low sexy voice.

     Sue sneered. As if the slut didn't know. "Yeah," she grunted in response.
"Mingle. You know: be friendly."

      Jennifer started to say something else, but before she could figure out
how to articulate it in words of less than two syllables, the other girl had
started to walk away. Jennifer tried to frown, but it came out more of a pout
as a result of the way her face was made up. Sighing prettily, she flounced
after her guide, just as she had been trained to do. The tall blonde led her
through a opening at the back of the club and into a short hallway with a
series of doors. She walked to the last one on the left and opened it.

     "This is where you'll be sleeping during the week," she announced. "When
you're not..."

     Jennifer, looking around at the small, dingy room (really nothing more
than a large closet with a bed), stopped listening as the other girl droned on.
She felt like she was about to cry. The clothes... the club... she had to get
out of here!

     "...tonight at nine."

     Sue stopped speaking and looked over at the new girl. "Do you understand?"

     Jennifer, interrupted from her thoughts of escape, quickly nodded. One
lesson she had learned well over the last few weeks was that she must always to
agree with whatever anybody said about anything.

     Just smile prettily and nod.

     Sue wasn't impressed. She just grunted and left the room. Alone for the
first time in hours, Jennifer sank down onto the bed to relieve the pressure on
her feet. She had become somewhat proficient in getting around on the high
heels, but her feet always ached.

     'I've got to get out of here,' she told herself.

                                     *****

     If there was one thing Butch Haskall knew well (by no means a certainty),
it was strip joints. And strippers. Or, as he and his friends at the meat
packing plant called them, peelers. And this new girl - Jennie Fucktoy she
called herself - was one the best. He had sat spellbound through her first two
shows, bleary eyes wide and staring under a lank of thin, greasy hair, watching
appreciatively as she strutted her stuff in front of his appreciative eyes.

     Talk about new talent!

     This babe was loaded with it.

     He had been disappointed when she hadn't appeared out in the club after
the first show, but he hadn't given up hope. The other girls came out, so he
figured she would too. Sure enough, his vigilance paid off soon after her
second routine. There she was, face and upper chest still covered with a faint
sheen of perspiration as she walked slowly out of the dressing room door.

     Butch was there before she had taken two steps.

     She had been surprised.

     It hadn't been nearly as bad as she had expected. Humiliating, yes, but
not as much as the strip tease she had been forced to perform at the sorority
house. Here, no one knew her. She was anonymous. And the overdone slut makeup,
so humiliating and degrading, had acted as a kind of mask. Those laughing,
jeering men in the audience... they never really saw her. She was just a thing,
a piece of meat, fuel to light the guttering torch of their fantasies. On
stage, with the footlights creating a mere lurching silhouette of the beer
swilling crowd, she could imagine herself above it all.

     Pure.

     Distant.

     Untouchable.

     "I'm Butch," came a gravely voice from directly in front of her. Startled
from her thoughts, Jennifer looked up to see a fat, thick-lipped man in a dirty
jean jacket and baseball cap.

     "Uhh..."

     Mingle?

     "I sure like your show," he drawled, face creased by a wide, gap-toothed
grin. "Your tits are real nice."

     "Uhmm... thanks." Jennifer fought to maintain a friendly smile on her
face. Kim had made it clear what would happen if there were any complaints
about her.

    If possible, the man's grin grew even wider.

    "Buy you a drink?" he asked.

    "Uhmm... thanks."

     Butch felt a wave of sheer lust surge through his body at the sound of her
voice. So deep and... and sexy. By god, she sounded like she needed a good
fucking right here and now. Still, first things first.

     "Buy you a drink?" he asked.

     "I'd love that," she answered.

     Slowly, Jennifer was gaining confidence. She seemed to be in control. This
asshole was so much in lust with her he'd probably do almost anything just to
get her to sit with him.

     What a jerk. Maybe this wasn't going to be as difficult as she'd thought.

     Kim wandered back into the club. She'd stayed to catch Jennifer's first
show - not bad for a beginner, but there had been a few things that could be
improved upon - and had then left for dinner. She looked around the club, and
her gaze immediately fell upon the table where Jennifer sat with some fat geek
in a baseball cap.

     Oh yes!

     Try as she might, Kim was unable to keep the smile from her lips as she
approached the table. Time to tell the girl about the other part of her job.

     Jennifer started slightly as Kim appeared beside the table.

     "Good evening," the oriental greeted Butch, "I'm the manager of this club.
Are you having a good time?"

     Butch nodded his head rapidly up and down. Was he ever!

     Kim gestured at Jennifer. "Do you like her?"

     "Yes ma'am," came the answer. "I surely do."

     "Well... she's quite the little slut," Kim said, in a normal tone of
voice. "Aren't you dear?"

     Jennifer swallowed and fought down a cold wave of fear. "Yes Ms Loo," she
answered, "I am a... a slut." Kim just stared in silence. Jennifer almost
bolted in panic. What had she... Oh. "Jennie," she corrected herself, overdoing
the sexy voice to make up for her lapse, "is a slut. A hot little s-slut." Sick
to her stomach, she looked over at Butch who was staring at her with his mouth
wide open.

     "And how would Jennie like to fuck the nice man here?" Kim asked. Jennifer
felt her heart start pounding like it was going to burst out of her chest.

     A whore.

     She was being turned into a whore!

     She felt an intense wave of hatred at the thought of what those girls had
done to her. When she got out of here...

     No.

     "Oh yes," she answered, giggling slightly. "I'd like that a lot."

     Kim turned to Butch. "Normally," she said, "I charge a hundred for her.
But just for tonight, you can have her for twenty. Is that satisfactory?"

     Once again, Butch's head almost popped off from nodding so hard. The fat
man reached into the pocket of his greasy jean jacket and pulled out a crumpled
twenty dollar bill. Kim took his money and then herded the two of them to
Jennie's workroom, with its dingy little bed.

     "Be quick now," she called after them as she closed the door, "she had to
be back onstage in fifteen minutes."

     From the catwalk where she pushed her greased and shining tits together
for the pleasure of the cheering onlookers, Sue Jacobs saw Jennifer disappear
through the door with Butch.

     'Slut,' she thought, spreading her legs and rubbing her pussy up and down
against the metal pole. Most girls didn't start turning tricks for at least a
couple of months.

     In the little bedroom, Jennifer's training once again came in handy as
Butch trailed a thin line of drool down onto her chest while he pumped his
thick, greasy cock in and out of her pussy. She'd managed to spend a few second
rubbing her clit - while Butch watched, eyes wide - before the actual sex, so
it wasn't as painful as it might have been. Still, the bucking and grinding...
the moans of lust... the panting... the lips- slightly-parted-tongue-poking-out
look of lust as he mauled her tits and rammed his cock in and out of her...

     It was all training.

     Kim had been certain that he wouldn't last long, and she was not proved
wrong. Within ten minutes, Butch stumbled out of the little room and staggered
off towards the bar, no doubt to do a little bragging. Well... let him. It
wasn't every day a greaseball like him got to fuck a high class whore like
Jennifer.

     Kim entered the little room to find Jennifer sobbing on the bed.
Mercilessly, she reached down and slapped the girl sternly across the face.
"You're on stage in five minutes," she stated angrily. "Get ready."

     Flushing red, Jennifer stumbled to her feet and scampered out of the room.

     Onstage a few minutes later, Jennifer no longer felt quite so distant.
Quite so untouchable.  She now knew that the men out there were not just
passive observers; they had the right to buy her and use her as they wished.
She was up there on stage not for entertainment, but as an advertisement.

     She was a whore!

     And, if she there had ever been the possibility of her somehow forgetting
that fact, the loud cheer that went up when - after she had removed her shiny
g-string and was crouched with her legs spread wide - a thin, cold trickle of
sperm dribbled out of her pussy and trickled down her leg taught her otherwise.

     She fought to hold back the tears.

     Standing beside the bar, Kim smiled at the watcher's reaction as the
glistening trail of sperm trickled out of Jennifer's spread pussy. Between that
and Butch's talking at the bar, she had no doubt that Jennifer would turn out
to be a very busy, and profitable girl.

     And on her first night, too.

                                     *****

     The interior of the club seemed dark and menacing in the soft red glow of
the exit light. Jennifer didn't mind, though. Tonight, the darkness was her
friend. After three nights in this hellhole - three nights of being forced to
parade herself onstage like some kind of cheap slut, and then endure in
apparent enthusiasm the endless stream of cocks - Jennifer was finally
escaping. During the course of the evening, she had managed to leave a
half-chewed piece of gum (Kim now had her chewing gum constantly; she said it
enhanced the 'slut' image as well as strengthened her jaw muscles and helped
cover the 'sperm breath' from swallowing so much cum) into the doorlatch,
preventing it from closing properly. Once out, she could go to the police
and...

     "Going somewhere?"

     Jennifer started. Who was it?

     A figure moved slowly out of the shadows.

     "Sue?" Jennifer no longer realized that she was talking in the low, sexy
voice. It had become a habit. "What..."

     Sue smiled nastily. "I saw the little manoeuvre with the gum," she said
quietly. "Figured you'd be trying to get out."

     Jennifer trembled. She knew the blonde girl hated her, although she didn't
know why. If Sue gave the alarm...

     "Now," the tall stripper continued, "I've no problem with you leaving. In
fact, I'd prefer it. But I'd like a little favour first."

     "F-favour?"

     "Yeah." Sue stepped a little closer. "All my life I've been treated like
shit by rich bitches like you. Now the shoe's on the other foot. You do what I
say, or I'll make sure you never get out."

     Jennifer trembled. "What do you want?"

     "Your lovely little slut's mouth and tongue," came the answer. "In my
pussy for starters... and then in my ass." "S-sue..." Jennifer started to
whine, but the other girl was firm.

     "That's right," Sue repeated. "The only way you get out of here tonight is
to eat me out, front and back."

     She had no choice.

     Shaking with fear, Jennifer fell to her knees in from of the tall blonde.
Sue was naked underneath her thin, cotton dressing gown, so it was a simple
matter to part the cloth and nuzzle her mouth into the girl's already wet
pussy. Within moments, Jennifer's by now experienced tongue was hard at work,
licking and slurping busily. After her two weeks of daily pussy lapping at the
sorority, the smell and taste no longer bothered Jennifer. She didn't like it -
in fact, she hated it - but it was by no means as repulsive as is had been the
first time.

     Sue moaned as Jennifer's experienced tongue did its work. Involuntarily,
the blonde girl grasped the back of the kneeling girl's head, and jerked her
face harder and harder into her sopping pussy. Jennifer gasped for breath, but
continued licking. The sooner Sue came, the sooner she could go.

     "Tell me how much you like it," Sue moaned.

     "Mmmmm..." By now, Jennifer was able to moan and recite her lust without
missing a lap of the tongue. "I love your pussy... I love to suck..."

     "Bimbo voice," Sue ordered.

     Obediently, Jennifer giggled, tongue still buried deep in the other girl's
pussy. "Tastes good," she said in her high pitched bimbo voice. "Nice pussy..."

     Sue came... and came... and came...

     Finally, just when it seemed like the orgasm would never end, Sue
shuddered one last time and opened her eyes. "Geez Jennie," she whispered, "you
know your way around a girl's pussy."

     Jennifer blushed with shame, but it wasn't visible in the darkness. She
started to climb to her feet, but Sue grabbed her shoulder and held her down.
"Don't forget the second part," she warned.

     Jennifer sank back to her knees, head hanging with humiliation. Things
kept getting worse. Still, it would be worth it if she could just get out of
here. Sue would end up in jail with the rest of them.

     Oblivious to her impending incarceration, Sue turned and shoved her bare
ass into Jennifer's face. The kneeling girl tried to pull away, but Sue reached
back and grabbed two handfuls of black hair. "Get sucking ass licker," she
ordered, pulling tightly on the other girl's hair. Jennifer moaned with pain,
but stuck her face inside Sue's ass crack and, gagging slightly, began to lick.
The smell was horrendous, but she resolutely forced her small, pink tongue into
the girl's anus and began sucking. Almost immediately, she felt a warm, soft
object slide out towards her face.

     "Mmmmm...." She tried to pull away, to cry out, to do anything, but it was
no use. The blonde girl had her firmly by the hair. "That's right you little
Fucktoy," Sue muttered, squeezing her ass muscles. "Eat a little shit."

     Jennifer had no choice. The soft, squishy turd was forced up against her
face, lips and finally between her half-clenched teeth. She gagged with
revulsion at the taste, but couldn't stop it. It was either swallow or choke.
Another turd came out... and then another as she thrashed away, trying
frantically to remove her face from the other girl's ass. Sue just laughed,
holding the smaller girl's face in position until she had finished shitting.

     Finally, it was over.

     Sue released her hair, and she fell back onto the floor, face and mouth
covered with shit. Coughing and gasping, she crawled to her knees as Sue walked
slowly away, quickly disappearing into the shadows. She wiped desperately away
at the filth with the back of her hand, but seemed to succeed only in spreading
it about her face.

     "Jennie..."

     Jennifer stopped wiping. It was Sue's voice coming from somewhere in the
darkness. "You did your part, but you know how I told you how I would let you
go?"

     Jennifer knelt in place, frozen in silent.

     The lights clicked on.

     "I lied."

     Standing around her, in what had been impenetrable darkness, stood Kim...
Lisa... Becky... Cindy... and Tammy.

     With the cattle prod. Face and hands covered with Sue's shit, Jennifer
fell back onto the floor and began to cry.

     "Well," Tammy cooed, walking forward. "It looks like little Jennie
shit-face has a lesson to learn."

     The crying girl closed her eyes as the buzzing cattle prod - surely set to
full power - slowly descended towards her...

                                     *****

     The next three months went by in a blur of dancing and fucking; dancing
and sucking; dancing... Kim had finally settled on the bimbo voice for the
daytime and the slut voice for night, and Jennie had all but forgotten what her
normal voice sounded like. Each weekend, the girls from the sorority showed up
to collect their pussy slave take the small envelope containing her weekly
earnings. Each weekend would be spent servicing her four mistresses in every
way they wished. Sometimes, Mark and a few of the guys would come over, and
Jennifer would serve them too, showing off her newly developed fucking skills.
Jennifer never stopped hating it - hating it with a passion - but by the end of
the first month, she was almost looking forward to the weekend stays at the
sorority house. As well as the her duties and a stripper and whore, Sue had
decided that she liked the idea of having her own little toilet slave. Jennifer
had quickly become intimately familiar with the inside of the other girl's
asshole, all thoughts of rebellion having been crushed by the final application
of the cattle prod.

      After a while, Sue began feeling generous and started sharing Jennifer
out among the other girls at the club. Most mornings were spent servicing the
other strippers, either their pussies or - for a few of them - their asses.

     Jennifer complained to Kim, but the oriental woman just laughed. "Saves
money on toilet paper," she said.

     And that was that.

     By the end of the three months - Jennifer had kept track by making small
cuts in the side of the cheap wooden dresser - Jennifer was so swollen with
hatred and frustration that she felt she would burst. The only thing that kept
her going was the thought of what she would do when the three month contract
was up.


     Finally, that day arrived.

     Right on schedule, Tammy showed up as Jennifer waited expectantly in the
daytime-empty club. At Kim's insistence, she had even done herself up special -
for the last time, she vowed. Dressed in the same tight polyester miniskirt and
revealing pink top in which she had begun her new career, she waited
impatiently to leave, her thick, red lips falling into their now habitual pout
as she chewed a thick wad of gum.

     Tammy smiled when she saw Jennifer, but didn't say anything. Jennifer
pouted back at her. 'Just wait,' she told herself.

     The pudgy blonde girl walked over to the table where Kim was sitting. She
pulled a piece of paper - the contract - from her purse and placed it down on
the surface in front of the oriental woman. Kim didn't say anything; she just
took out a pen and signed.

     Jennifer looked on, puzzled. What were they doing?

     Tammy took the pen and then likewise signed.

     Kim briefly read the paper and then nodded. "This is in order. We've
bought out the option." With these words she handed a thick envelope to Tammy.
Tammy grinned down at her. "Should you tell her?" she asked, "Or should I?"

     Kim shrugged. "You tell her."

     Jennifer had had enough. "Tell me what?" she burbled in an airheaded
manner. "What's going on? Jennie's finished here."

     Sue, who had just entered the room, laughed.

     "No," Tammy grinned at her. "You're not. Kim here just bought out the
option on the contract."

     "Option?" The room seemed to spin and Jennifer thought she was going to
faint. Sue walked closer and grabber her by the elbow.

     "Yes," Tammy explained gleefully, "The three months was a trial period. To
see how they liked you." She glanced down at Kim. "Evidently they like you a
lot. They've signed you for the full seven years."

     Seven years. Jennifer tried to move away, but Sue's grip was iron.

     "But you won't be bored," Tammy continued. "Pussywillows is a chain.
They've got clubs all across the country. You'll get to do all sorts of
travelling." Still smiling, the pudgy blonde girl walked slowly forward until
she was standing right in front of the horrified Jennifer. "For the next seven
years," she said, articulating slowly and carefully, "you'll be stripping and
fucking your way from one side of America to another."

     Her words finally began to sink in.

     "Noooo..."

     "Quite an opportunity, I'd say," Tammy joked.

     "Tammy," Jennifer cried, "you can't..."

     "Slut voice!" Tammy was suddenly stern. Immediately, Jennifer's voice
deepened to a sexy purr.

     "Please," she breathed hoarsely, "don't leave Jennie..."

     "Bimbo voice," Tammy said.

     "Oh... don't leave me," Jennifer begged, voice high.

     Tammy, however, ignored her pleadings. She turned and began walking away.

     "Nooo... you can't... Please..."

     "Oh." Tammy stopped and turned. "This comes with the deal," she said,
tossing a slender, metallic object to Kim. The oriental woman caught it without
standing.

     It was the cattle prod.

     Jennifer began to cry and scream - strangely appealing in her new voice -
but Kim just gestured to Sue to take the crying girl backstage. Tammy's last
view of Jennifer was of her well rounded ass, tightly packed into the polyester
miniskirt, swinging back and forth as the tall blonde stripper led her, still
crying, into a back room.

     Outside, Tammy opened the door and sat down beside Lisa who occupied the
driver's seat. The twins were in the back. "Well girls," she laughed, riffling
the money from the envelope, "Time for another pool party."

                                    THE END
       =================================================================
            That's all folks. If you have any comments, suggestions,





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





