BDSM Library - How I Became A Bondage Wife




How I Became A Bondage Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is written in the first person and is the story of a woman who is remembering how she ended up as a happy wife heavily into bondage sex. The story commences with a description of the start of a weekend of sexual bondage, then reverts back to the wife's early sexual experiences.
How I became a bondage wife
By Master2124

Chapter 1 - Today.

When my husband ties me up he always makes certain that I am available to him
and his big fat prick.  After all, that's his main intention.  He says that
bondage is foreplay, and unless he can fuck me, his time is wasted.  Notice, I
say his time, not my time.  My time is unimportant to him, but his time is
valuable.  So when he ties me up, he makes sure that he doesn't have to untie me
to fuck me.  The fact that I can be tied up for hours before he gets around to
fucking me is OK, just so that I know that I will get fucked eventually, after
he has had the enjoyment of tormenting me in the many fiendish ways he has, then
making me come many times for his entertainment.  Only then will he fuck me. 
During this time of torment, I may be given the privilege of sucking him to
orgasm, but I know that I'll not get untied until he's fucked me, either in my
arse or cunt, or both and sometimes, not even then.  Until he decides to release
me, I know I'll have to endure the bite of the ropes, the discomfort of being
tied in all manner of different positions, the agony of muscles tightening
because they have been held in positions of strain, pulled against their normal
positions; the penetration of my body by vibrators, dildos and his rock hard
prick; the partial suffocation of being gagged; all this and more is my lot as
my husband's bondage and sex slave. 

Maybe if I give you a for instance, you'll perhaps be able to understand a
little of what I mean.

Today is Friday, the start of the weekend. As always, he has plans for me. All
day I had been anticipating his demands on my body. I had been slick and wet all
day in anticipation.  That's how he gets me. Before I had been allowed to dress
he had placed me in a rope "cunt cradle". All day at work I had endured the rope
dividing my cunt.  Lucky for me he had allowed me to wear pants under the rope,
so my cunt wasn't rubbed raw, but its presence had kept me aware of my sexual
submission to him. It had rubbed against my clit as I had walked about the
office, as I had sat on my typist chair, as I had risen from it to do other
things, as I had sat typing, as I had stood or sat talking to my friends in the
office.  Every moment of the day, I was aware of its presence, tormenting me,
arousing me, controlling my very being. I had only been able to nibble at my
lunch because I was so aware of its hidden presence.  No one else knew of its
presence but me.  (At least I hoped that was the situation.)  I had worn a loose
skirt so as not to advertise its presence.  Because of its presence, my bladder
had become full by the end of the day, adding to my torment. (I had been ordered
not to remove it until I returned home.)  On the journey by train to and from
the office, when I had to stand in a packed underground train, its presence kept
me in a dream of lustful desire, the swaying of the train adding to my
sensations. When I eventually got home, it was a great relief to be able to rush
to the toilet, remove my skirt, then the ropes and relieve my swollen bladder.

As soon as my husband arrived home he ordered me strip naked and fold my arms
behind my back.  He took a double stranded rope, tied each wrist to its apposing
elbow, and wrapped several strands around my forearms to meld them together. 
From there he ran several loops around my waist, pulling each loop tight so that
the depression of my waist was delineated.  He then ran the same rope up to my
upper arms where he ran a couple of loops to pull my arms back, to push my chest
forward. He anchored these by throwing a couple of loops over my shoulders, and
under my armpits.  This has the added effect of pulling my upper arms into my
body, adding additional strain to the other pulling of my upper arms towards
each other. He then threw a hitch between these loops to tighten the pull and
bring these loops together neatly.  From this hitch he ran a loop around my
upper torso above my breasts and around my back, then two more below my breasts. 
He then looped a hitch between my breasts around the two sets causing the chest
loops to curve over the base of my breasts. Two more hitches pulled the two
loops together at my arms pits, completing the breast tie.  Now I appeared to
have a figure eight tie around the base of my breasts, causing them to balloon
slightly from their bases. None of this was particularly uncomfortable, I have
had to endure this basic breast tie under normal street clothes whilst doing
normal housewifely things like shopping or going to the bank, even when visiting
friends! I can, and have, endured this kind of simple tie for hours, but I knew
that this was only the start.  

Now came the first of the torments.  He took a long piece of parcel string,
anchored it to the central hitch between my breasts.  Taking a firm hold on the
flesh of my left breast he tightly looped the string around the base of my
breast, forcing my breast into a tight, hard mass of sensation. After each
second loop, he wove the string into the rope binder to ensure no slippage. 
(How he thought it could slip, buried deep into the base of my breast the way it
was, God only knows.)  However, my husband always makes sure that nothing will
slip out of position.  He says there's nothing more ugly than a tie that's out
of place or loose. When he was satisfied with my left breast he did the same to
the right.  Now looking down my torso I could see these round, hard, smooth,
balloons which were my lovely breasts, sticking our from my chest.  I know from
experience that they will soon start to darken as the blood circulation is
slowed.  I also know that the slightest tap on them will feel like a laser of
fire.  Should he decide to clamp my nipples, I know that I will be in agony. 
But that only excites him and makes his prick even harder for longer.

Now I know that the next thing he's going to get out of his box is a gag of some
kind.  Sometimes he'll use my panties, after rubbing them into my cunt to juice
them up. Sometimes it's a ball gag, a bit gag, or a ring gag.  Today he had a
different torment in mind. He told me to stick out my tongue.  I should tell you
here that a few months ago he had my tongue pierced.  Today I was wearing a ring
through this piercing, at his earlier instruction.  He had picked up a piece of
very fine plastic coated wire, which he fed through the ring, tying it off so
that he had two lengths of wire roughly equal.  He took my left nipple into his
mouth and sucked hard on it.  This was pleasurable for me, but also slightly
painful due to the tightness of the skin around about it due to the breast tie.
However, I could still feel the effect of this nipple sucking down between my
legs, where I was beginning to juice up.  Having erected my nipple he pulled on
the left piece of wire until my tongue was fully out and my head pulled forward
so that my chin rested on my chest, and tied the end of the wire around my
nipple to hold me in that position.  He then did the same with my right nipple. 
I was now very effectively gagged.  (Try talking with your tongue pulled fully
out of your mouth!  You can't!  Believe me.)  After a while, this becomes quite
painful.  The tongue muscles are not designed for the tongue to remain extended
for a lengthy period of time. This position also meant that for the duration of
my bondage I was going to be staring down the length of my torso, unable to turn
my head either left or right, without pulling at my nipples and tongue.

I felt his hand smoothing my hair into a ponytail.  I knew what that meant.  He
was going to pull my head back against the strain on my tongue by tying my
pigtail into the arm binding.  I was right.  Now my head would be totally
immobile, straining in two different directions until he decided to release one
or the other of the apposing ties. These are his favourite forms of torture. 
Double strain on a part of my body increases the effectiveness of each of his
diabolical ties.  Right now, I was already enduring torment from the strains on
my head, tongue, nipples and breasts. And there was still more to come!

He led me over to the bondage bench he had made, where he laid me down on my
back. This, of course, meant that I was now lying with my body weight on my
arms!  This was itself bad enough, but now came the truly fiendish part for
tonight.  He pushed my left leg up against my body so that my ankle was over my
head and fastened my ankle wide to the anchoring point on the top corner of the
bench.  He did the same with the other ankle.  This lifted my bottom up of the
bench, thrusting my cunt up and exposing my anus to him. The fiendish part was
that he then took a loop around my left knee, pulled my knee inwards, and
secured it to the breast tie.  He did this with my other knee.  Again I was
being subjected to apposing forces.  My knees were being pulled against my leg
and thigh muscles, which strained to bring my knees in line.  This natural pull
put strain on my breasts, pulling them sideways and upwards.

He stood back to enjoy his handy work.  I could see the outline of his engorged
prick through his tight leather pants.  As usual, it was long and hard.  I could
feel my cunt getting wetter in anticipation of receiving his hard length into
me.  But that was not to happen just yet. 

He walked over to the cabinet and opened the drawer that contained the various
vibrators he liked to use on me, and came back with a butterfly vibrator.  He
knelt momentarily before me and placed his mouth on my hooded clit, which he
quickly aroused so that it escaped from the sheath of flesh, which protected it. 
Having done so he secured the butterfly vibrator in place and set it going, and
stood back to watch as I became fully aroused. 

As my excitement grew, my body tightened in anticipation, putting more and more
strain on the diabolical ropes.  Each quiver of my body sent sweet surges of
both pain and heightened pleasure through my body, each feeding on the other. 
My moans were stifled due to the extremity of my tongue.  I was now dribbling
copiously from my mouth on to my upper chest, unable to swallow or do anything
to stop this obscene action. When I came, my body was swept into an almighty
spasm, which pulled against every one of his fiendishly clever ties.  I thought
my tongue would come right out of my mouth, or that my nipples would be pulled
off.  My breasts were stretched painfully as my legs tried to straighten.  All
this, instead of detracting from my pleasure, actually increased it.  This was
something I was continually amazed at.  How can pain increase pleasure?  I don't
know, but for me, it does, providing the circumstances are correct.  My husband
and master knows how to coordinate these two extremes in me.  I consider myself
to be the luckiest woman alive. 

When I relaxed from my climax, he did not allow me to rest.  He fetched a
vibrating dildo from his cupboard, which he pushed into my cunt. The butterfly
vibrator had a strap that ran from its base, through my legs, and up to the
waist strap.  This helped to hold the butterfly in place on my clit, where it
continued to do its fiendish work, even after my first climax had subsided. He
now slipped this strap over the base of the vibrating dildo, to hold it in
place.

He again stood back to watch me, as I was again aroused to the point of
excruciating climax.  By now, part of me wanted him to stop because of the pain
I was inflicting upon myself because of the convulsions that came as a natural
course from my increased arousal.  The main part of my mind, though, only
desired for this exquisite torment to continue unabated, to satisfy my
increasing lustful desires.  Of course, I really had no say in the matter, nor
would I have had, even if I weren't so effectively gagged.  My husband, may
master, decided how, when and if I was to receive pleasure or pain, or both.

I dissolved back into my world where the whole centre of my being was my sex and
the reaction of my body to these wonderful stimuli. The tortuous binding of my
body, the discomfort, the strain and the aching muscles, were a sideshow
successfully designed to increase my pleasure, but for the moment was not the
prime centre of my universe.  My sexual arousal, the unforgiving lust of my
sexual nature, this was the centre of my universe.  Again I came with the power
of a force 10 gale, my body tightening against all those fiendish ties, forcing
my already fierce climax to even greater heights.

He now completed his plan by taking a second vibrating dildo, which he greased
well before pushing it deep into my arse. He again secured it in place with the
butterfly strap.  After this final penetration of my body he left me to enjoy,
or endure, the pleasure/pain he had devised for me, whilst the bastard went down
to the kitchen to enjoy the meal I had earlier prepared for him. I knew he would
be watching me on the closed circuit, colour television whilst he ate his meal.
I also knew that every part of my torment was being recorded on video for his
files. Often, when he leaves me in simple bondage whilst he goes about his
business over the weekend, I will have to watch as these videotapes play out for
me.  Showing me, often in very intimate detail, a previous session and how I
have responded so very forcefully to his diabolical tortures.  I am forced to
watch myself as I writhe in exquisite pleasure against the ropes that bind me.

This time, I was left in this carefully calculated situation for close on an
hour, by which time I was exhausted from the many divinely calculated orgasms, I
ached in every fibre of my being and I longed for release, but I had to wait
whilst he removed my dildos and slammed his prick first deep into my cunt and
then into my arse.  He came violently deep in my anal cavity. He came quickly
because of the stimulation of watching me in all my naked, bound glory, getting
my rocks off at his instigation.  When he had released his pent up load into my
arse, he stuffed an anal plug in, to retain his fluids within my body, to
evidence his victory over me.  Then he removed the ropes from me, one at a time,
until I was completely free.  I was then ordered to dress suitably to go to the
club.

Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.
If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at
Master2124@Hotmail.com




How I became a bondage wife
By Master2124

Chapter 2 Early Beginnings.

Before I tell you about the club, let me tell you how this all started.

Before I became a woman, to use my mother's expression for my first period, my
elder brother used to have to look after me from time to time.  This was because
my mother was what is called a single parent.  That is she was bringing us up by
herself as our Dad had left many years before. So Mum had to work, resulting in
my brother, Edgar, being left to look after me. Of course, he thought I was a
real pain, especially when he was due to play with his mates.  But he had no
choice but to take me.  So he did.  I would tag along behind his gang of buddies
trying not to be too noticeable. (I guess that was when I developed my
submissiveness.)  The games they played were the usual boisterous boys games,
most of which I had to sit on the sidelines and just watch.  But every now and
then they played games that they allowed me to join in.

The games I was allowed to join in were generally based on some cartoon or film
that the guys had watched and wanted to play out.  They always involved the boys
breaking up into the good guys and the bad guys.  I was the heroine who was
captured by the bad guys and who the good guys had to rescue.  This always
involved me having my hands tied behind me and being dragged around with the bad
guys until the good guys caught up and rescued me.  I guess this developed a
link between being tied up and being accepted and included.  Of course, in these
early games, there was no sexual connotation or feelings.  I was just the
heroine and it was all a game. 

As we grew up, the games became more elaborate, as the films the guys watched
changed.   Now, rather than just having my hands tied behind me, I would be
captured, taken into a room, tied to a chair with my hands and feet secured to
the back and legs, rope around my waist and even from time to time, a gag. 
Again I would have to wait like this until rescued by the good guys.  By now, my
brother and his mates were entering pubescence and I was quickly approaching it. 
I was finding that strange feelings were stirring within me.  My brother and his
mates, though, still only thought of me as the nuisance sister who was only good
for playing the heroine.  The one good thing for them about tying me up was that
they found that they could forget about me and go and do their own thing.  I was
being left more and more often, for longer and longer periods, tied up to a
chair in my bedroom or in the living room whilst my brother and his mates went
off to the mall, football practice or a base ball game.  Strangely, I found I
didn't mind.  Soon he stopped pretending to involve me in games, if he wanted to
go out with his mates, out came the ropes to tie me up, and off he would go.

When I was thirteen and Edgar was sixteen, I suddenly blossomed out, grew
breasts, pubic hair and started menstruating.  Mum also changed her job from
daytime work to evening and night work.  Now he didn't have to look after me
during the day, but he was required to "keep an eye" on me at night.  That, more
often than not, meant that his mates came round to our place to hang out.  They
played cards, computer games, watched TV shows or videos.  I was expected to
provide snacks, empty ashtrays and drinks for them and clear up after them when
they went.  Edgar didn't do anything except issue orders.  One night I exploded
in front of his mates, and told him, "I'm not your slave, you know." 

In a chorus all his mates called back, "O yes you are."

From then on they started to call me " Janey Slave." And I now I was required to
kneel in front of who ever I was delivering the snacks or drinks to, and when I
was not actually doing anything else, I had to kneel at the side of Edgar's
seat.

Every Saturday night, Edgar and his mates went out to the local club for the
evening.  On these nights, Edgar would tie me to the chair in the living room,
switch on the TV to one of the satellite channels, and leave me there until he
returned.  I would have to watch whatever channel he put it on, whether I wanted
to or not, because I was unable to change channels with my hands securely
fastened behind me.  Because of this, I found myself from time to time, watching
programmes, especially late at night, which were of a sexual nature.  I found
that watching these programs excited me, causing me to get moist between my
legs.  I was, of course, becoming sexually aroused.

Mum, of course, was unaware of all this.

One Saturday night, just after my sixteenth birthday, Edgar and his pals decided
to come back to the house because there was a replay of the Football
Championship. There were six guys beside Edgar. As usual, when they arrived, I
was tied to the chair in the living room.  No one commented because it had
become an accepted thing. Edgar quickly untied me so that I could do the
slave/maid thing for them.

 I had to serve up the drinks and the snacks, clear the ashtrays, and fetch and
carry between the guys.  I was taking a drink over to Terry, one of Edgar's
older friends, when I tripped and spilled it in his lap.  I apologised and
grabbed a cloth and started to mop up the spillage.  As I did so, I felt a
swelling under my hands.  Terry was getting a hard on from my rubbing his
crotch.  I immediately stopped drying him off and stepped away from him.  He
called me back and told me I had not finished the job. I hesitated, but Edgar
backed him up and told me to dry him off or he would have to punish me. Again I
hesitated.  In unison, the guys called out to Edgar "Punish her!"

Two of the guys grabbed my arms and dragged me over to one of the high back
chairs and bent me face down over it.  Several of the guys had arrived wearing
neckties, and these were quickly used to tie my ankles to the base of the chair
legs. My arms were then pulled forward and down and my wrists were tied to the
base of the front legs.  This left me bent tightly over the chair with my jeans
clad bottom thrusting up into the air. Luckily my loose top was tucked into my
jeans waistband.

 Edgar deferred to Terry, as the injured person, to perform the punishment. 
Terry came up behind me and smacked me hard on my left ass cheek, then again on
my right.  I squealed from each slap, but strangely found that I was getting a
similar feeling between my legs as I had from watching the sexually based TV
programs.  Edgar called to Terry that he should give me six of the best for
spilling the drink on him and another six for falling to clean it up properly. 
So Terry gave me the four smacks to complete the first part of the punishment. 
By now I was shouting for them to stop it.  Edgar stopped Terry and told him to
wait a moment, as he needed to do something to quiet me down.  I thought he
would stop my punishment, but instead he produced a dishcloth, which he stuffed
into my mouth to gag me.  He secured this in place using another of the
discarded neckties.  Then he told Terry to get on with the job of teaching me to
show better respect to the gang.  Terry went on with my punishment, but this
time between smacks, he fondled my bottom, squeezing the flesh that was painful
from the punishment, to add to my discomfort.  What this did though was to
increase my sexual excitement.  He completed the second half dozen smacks and
stepped back.  The guys shouted at him that he was a dirty old man.  I looked
back over my shoulder to see that his erection was now straining against the
skintight pants that he wore.  He cupped his prick with his hands and jerked
himself at me, laughing as he did so.  The other guys laughed as well, thinking
it was all very funny.

The second quarter came on so the guys left me there tied over the back of the
chair, still gagged, whilst they watched the game. After about five minutes,
Edgar got up to get himself a drink. This meant that he had to pass me and he
slapped my ass as he went passed. The other guys took this as a signal that it
was Ok to do the same, so from time to time, one or other of them would get up
from their seat to fetch a drink and would catch me a slap as they passed.

I stayed that way until the second quarter finished, Edgar then released me. 
For some strange reason I had enjoyed being tied up with all these guys around
and the added element of the butt smacks had got me quite wet between the legs,
so much so that I now had a wet patch showing through the crotch of my jeans.

Edgar spotted my wet patch and laughed.

"Look guys, my little sister has wet herself whilst she was tied up there."  I
blushed. "You'd better go and get changed." He told me.

"Hold on a minute," Terry called, "Why is she wet? Do you think being tied up
and spanked turned on the little minx? Is the little slut wet from excitement or
piss?  Maybe someone should have a sniff and find out?"  I blushed even redder
and tried to escape up to my bedroom but Edgar caught hold of my arm.

"Well answer the man.  Were you turned on from being tied up?" I hung my head,
and refused to answer.  He swatted my backside. "Answer the man, were you turned
on from being tied up?"

"I think so, I'm not sure," I muttered.

"Well, if she's turned on by being tied up and spanked, maybe we should oblige
little Janey Slave further.  It's a shame not to let her get her rocks off."
Paul joined in the conversation.  I knew he fancied me.  His eyes were
constantly on my breasts when I served him or when I knelt beside Edgar, or on
my cunt or ass when I was walking in and out.  He was one of the two guys who
had helped to tie me to the chair.

"Yea, but if she's going to get her rocks off, its only fair she should help us
to get ours off," called Terry.  "I'm still hard from her fondling earlier."

"Yea, I agree with that," added Jimmy, the other guy who had assisted in my
capture. "But I think she should be more appropriately dressed, or maybe
undressed, if she's going to entertain us tonight." 

Edgar thought for a moment, looking me up and down.  "All this time, you've
being getting tied up to keep you out of mischief, and all the time, you were
enjoying it."  He turned to his mates. "I think you're right.  I've never really
looked before, but I guess our little slave has quite a nice body.  It's a shame
to disguise it in jeans and stuff."  He turned to me. " In future, sis, when the
guys are here, you dress sexy.  We want to be able to see what you have. In
future, skirts and blouses, panties and bras, but only if they are sexy.  I'll
help you sort through and decide what's appropriate for you to wear. And
tomorrow, you'd also better get yourself off to the doctors and get onto some
sort of contraception, because these guys are horny as hell.  Now get into your
bedroom and change."  He released my arm, and slapped my backside again to hurry
me along.  Mortified and scurried out, head down so that I didn't have to look
at any of their leering faces.

I got to my bedroom and closed the door.  What should I do?  My body told me one
thing.  I was turned on! The idea of being sex slave to six guys thrilled me; I
could visualise six hard cocks all waiting for me; all eager to penetrate my
virgin cunt.  This was not something I would want Mum to find out about, or my
few girl friends either.  This was just for me.  My body tingled with excitement
as I stripped off my wet jeans and panties. I wanted to get back to the guys,
and I wanted to look as sexy as possible.  I looked through my things.  I
decided on the skirt I used to wear for sports, until it got too small.  Now, I
thought it would be ideal.  It would just about come below my ass, but not by
much.  I couldn't find anything else though.  I went to the bedroom door, stuck
my head out to check no one was in the passage, and then quickly sneaked into
Mum's room. I knew from doing the washing that Mum had a number of items that I
thought the guys would like.

I quickly went to her underwear drawer and located a bra and pants set I had
seen only the other day.  They were made of a very soft, shiny, white stretch
material and were practically transparent.  I knew that even a slight amount of
moisture would make them see through.  Mum also had a lovely shaped blouse that
would show off my waist nicely.  It buttoned down the front, which I thought
might encourage the guys' ideas. I also borrowed a pair of Mum's evening
slippers. They had a pointed, three-inch heel. I knew that men found these types
of shoes sexy, for some reason.

I looked at myself in the mirror and saw a very sexy looking girl. (At least I
thought so, and I expected that the guys would agree.)

I made my way downstairs and back into the living room to find that Edgar had
pulled out the ropes that he used to tie me to the chair when he went out.  My
chair was now sitting beside the TV.  Edgar pointed to the chair and I went
meekly and sat on it. 
However, it was Terry who came up with the ropes.  He grinned at me. "My old
man's been a bondage fan for years, and I've had access to his magazines since I
was sixteen.  I am going to really enjoy showing you and these guys what I've
learned from them."

He went behind the chair and started by taking my arms behind the chair back,
laid my forearms together one above the other, and preceded to tie them like
that. Because the chair back intervened between my arms and my body, this put a
strain on my shoulders.  It also caused my breasts to thrust out against my
blouse front buttons in an alarming fashion.  He then ran several loops around
my chest, above and below my breasts, which he also wrapped around the back of
the chair, going under my arms with each loop.  This firmly held my upper body
in place. Having tied of this he took another piece of rope, lifted my left leg
up from the floor and lifted it back and to the side, and tied my ankle to the
top of the rear chair leg, just below my ass.  He did the same with the other
ankle.  I was now spread open and my already short skirt had ridden up into a
belt around my waist, leaving my panties clearly in view. I looked down and
could clearly see my pubic hair showing through and the damp patch, which had
already formed in the crotch of Mum's panties.  Terry stood back to admire his
handy work.

"What do you think, guys?" he asked them.

"Nice cunt and wet too", Jake said.

"How about showing us some tit," was Paul's comment.

Terry's head went to one side.  "That's easy enough," he said, "but won't that
be too much of a distraction during the last two quarters?" he asked them.

"Hell, no." piped up Jimmy. "We already know the result of the game.  And the
third quarters a bit slow any way.  Let's see some tit.  It'll liven things up."

So Terry came over, went behind the chair so as not to obscure the guys' view,
leaned over me and proceeded to open the buttons down the front of my blouse. 
He would unfasten each button then, before unfastening the next, he took time to
caress my breasts.  Tied as I was I could not stop him, even if I had wanted to,
which I quickly found I didn't.  When he had unfastened all the buttons he
pulled the two sides apart to reveal my bra-covered breasts.  I looked down at
my breasts to see what the guys could also see, that my nipples were erect and
sticking out firmly.  The soft material of the bra formed itself nicely around
the shape of my breasts and the little hillock protruding from their centre. 
The rope above and below my breasts nipped into their bases causing the surface
to become tight. The material of the bra was so thin, that my breasts were
clearly visible.

Terry came around from behind me to have a look for himself.  As he did so the
third quarter started. He liked what he saw so he sat down to watch the action. 

So there I was right next to the TV, tied to a chair, my skirt tucked around my
waist, my legs open showing my damp, and by now totally transparent panties
meant that my still virgin cunt was on full view through. The practically
transparent bra left little to the imagination and my erect nipples could be
seen pointing out towards six guys each of whom was sporting a rock hard cock.
And every one was trying to pretend they were watching football on TV.  Not
likely.  Their eyes were all glued on either my tits or my cunt. Talk about hot!
I was boiling!  I felt I was going to cum just from being watched. I never
realised how exciting exhibitionism was.  At last I could understand strippers! 
If they got half the buzz from stripping that I was getting from just sitting
there being stared at by six honey guys, then they were to be envied their job!

I was left alone except for their eyes until the end of the third quarter.  When
the third quarter came to an end, Terry came over to me again.  This time when
he stood behind me he asked the guys if they wanted to see my tits and cunt.  Of
course he got resounding agreement.  So he slipped both palms down from my
shoulders, down to the top of my breasts and slowly, teasingly, under the
material of my bra.  He caressed me under the bra for a moment or too, teasing
my nipples between his centre fingers.  Amazingly they got even harder, becoming
almost painful.  When he was happy with how erect my nipples were he leaned down
and took command of my mouth, thrusting his tongue in between my lips in a very
experienced French kiss.  As we kissed I felt him ease my bra cups down until
they formed a soft cushion under my tits.  Now my tits were naked.  I felt my
nipples harden even further.  He stopped kissing me so that he could go to my
side.  One of the other guys handed him a pair of scissors. Terry took them and
quickly snipped the waist loops on either side of the panties.  I was horrified. 
I had borrowed my Mum's bra and panties, and now the panties had been destroyed. 
I started to protest.  Terry's response was to ball up the destroyed panties,
which he pushed into my mouth to act as a gag.  He used one of the neckties to
secure it into place.

Now I was really the centre of all eyes.  My naked cunt, visible through my
blonde pubic hair, was wet with my excitement and my tits, crowned as they were
with rock hard nipples, evidenced my sexual arousal.  Seven pairs of eyes were
zeroed in on me.  I was embarrassed to realise that Edgar was staring as avidly
as the rest of the boys. 

They sat there all through the fourth quarter, not even pretending to watch the
football.  They only had eyes for me.  I could see that they all had hard cocks. 
The bulges were clear through their pants.  I was proud that I was the one who
had put them there!  However, they had come to watch the game, and they were
going to see it through to the end.  After all, I wasn't going anywhere.  I
would still be there when the game ended.  Anticipation is fun!  I allowed my
eyes to centre on each bulge in turn, looking up from the bulge to the boys face
then down again, making sure that he knew what I was looking at.  Each time the
boy concerned squirmed a little as his cock got even harder.  The last one I
looked at was Edgar.  He grinned at me and rubbed his cock through his pants.
There was obviously not going to be any reprieve from that quarter. I wondered
just what the boys would do to me once the game was finished.

Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.
If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at
Master2124@Hotmail.com




How I became a bondage wife
By Master2124

Chapter 3 - My first night with the guys

So there I was, sixteen years old, tied to a chair in a room with seven horny
guys, one of whom was my own brother, my tits hanging out over my bra and my
naked pussy spread open to their lascivious eyes, waiting for the end of a
football match to see whether or not I was going to get my cherry broken.  And I
was creaming all over the seat of the chair on which I sat.

Eventually, the football match finished, and the TV was switched off.  Now there
was no doubt that I was the centre of attention!

Terry and Edgar had their heads together for a moment, and then Edgar went out
of the room and returned quickly with a pack of cards. 

"Right you guys, I know that you all want to cop a feel of my little sister, so
here's how we are going to arrange it.  We are going to play poker.  Every time
you win, you get the pot and get to cop a feel.  So let the game play on.   

The guys joined enthusiastically in to this idea.  So they all anted up and I
sat there forced to watch them play for the privilege of feeling me up.  I was
gagged, unable to protest their actions; unable to express that I would have
preferred not to become a prize in their game of cards. Still, the anticipation
part was there again, keeping me on a sexual high as I watched them play. 

They played a few preliminary rounds as the cards were dealt.  They game they
played had all but the first card being turned face up in front of the
respective player, so that they were initially betting on the prospects of
winning as shown by the cards on view.  Eventually when all the players had
their five cards, four of the players folded leaving Terry, Jake and Sam to play
out the first hand.  The stakes weren't high, limited to a dollar per round.  I
was the sweetener in the pot that made each of the guys want to win.  The money
was only there to keep the game moving.

When the game had gone another couple of rounds, the guys who were out of the
running, decided that the hand had gone on long enough, and that it was time to
show.  Sam showing a pair of tens, turned his last card over first.  It did not
improve his show.  Jake, showing four cards of the same suit also turned his
card over; again it did not improve his show.  Terry grinned, the two aces he
was showing had already won, but he still turned over his last card, a two, to
show two pairs.

"I guess I have the luck of the draw," he said, getting up to walk behind me. 
He didn't want to spoil the view for the rest of the guys!  Again I felt his
hands cover my breasts, they were becoming almost familiar to me.  This time,
though, he pressed his lower body against my arms.  I could feel his hard prick
nudging against my arms as he leaned against me.  If he moved a little to one
side or the other, I might just be able to touch his pinus with one of my hands. 
I longed for him to do just that.  Right now I would give anything to be able to
get hold of a real live cock, to find out how it felt. 

He leaned over me, cupped his hands under my breasts, cradling them in his
palms, whilst his thumbs rubbed over my nipples. I looked down my body watching
his hands caress me. My body responded to his caresses and to the knowledge that
another six pairs of eyes were watching those hands caressing my naked breasts. 
I was getting hot.  Several of the guys were touching their pricks, running
their fingers gently up and down their shafts as they watched Terry's hands on
me.  Terry moved to one side, releasing one breast but keeping hold of the
other.  Now his prick was resting momentarily against my hand.  I closed my
fingers on his shaft.  He gasped, not expecting my action, paused in his
movement, allowing me to grasp him.  I had never touched a male organ before. 
This was a big first for me. As I felt him, the hand on my breast slipped down
over my stomach to dip into my wet honey pot.  His free hand moved to his fly
and proceeded to lower the zip, releasing his hard, fleshy rod into my hand.

"Wow" I heard Gage say, "She's real hot.  I wish that was my prick, you lucky
dog."

"It soon will be, she'll attend to all you guys before you leave", Edgar told
them.  I tensed with excitement.  By now Terry was rubbing my virgin clit,
bringing me a sensation I had only ever dreamed about before. "I'm the one going
to be left out" he went on.  "Mom might not throw a fit knowing that my little
sister's put out for you guys, after all that what she does herself every night.
(This was the first time that I realised my Mom was a whore.) "But she would
freak out big time, if I touched her precious baby."

Don't worry" Terry called over to him. "Tessa" (Terry's sister) "has the hot's
for you.  I'll call her and she can come over to keep you satisfied.  Fairs fair
after all."  I cringed at the idea that Tessa would see me tied up like this,
being used by all these guys.

By now, Terry despite the distraction of conversation was getting to the point
under my inexperienced hands, where he was going to come.  He knew it, but I
didn't.  I was pretty far-gone myself; my whole essence was my cunt, where his
hand was doing wonderful things to me, and my hand circling his naked prick.

Terry moved away from me, pulling his prick out of my hand, and moved around in
front of me, still managing to keep his hand in contact with my pussy as he did
so.  Then his hand left me, and I glanced up to him, bereft, to see him standing
now in front of me, his own hand circling his hard shaft.  I watched in awe as
he moved his hand up and down his shaft and then suddenly, he came, spurting his
come all over my face and breasts.

I sat there, stunned, as the guys cheered him, his wet come covering me,
humiliated but excited me.  I wanted to wipe it off me, but couldn't, of course. 
I just had to sit there and wait to see what they intended to do next.

All the guys, including my brother, were now so excited that they decided to
relieve themselves by following Terry's lead. They would jack off on me. (That
was Jake's word for what they were going to do.)  So one by one, there turns
designated by the draw of a card, each of the guys came and stood before me,
pulled out their rock hard pricks, and with a few jerks of their hands, brought
themselves to the point of ejaculation.  By the time they had finished I was
coated with their fluids.

During this performance, Terry had used the telephone to call up Tessa, who had
wasted no time in coming over.  She was there in time to see the last two, Sam
and Jimmy, deposit their wet loads over me.  Edgar, by this time, was bursting,
so I watched as Tessa knelt in front of him, took his prick into her mouth, and
brought him to his climax.  She kept him in her mouth when he came, swallowing
every drop.

Terry came over to me and whispered into my ear, "Watch my little sister with
your bro' because you will be doing that for all the rest of us before the night
is out." So I watched as Terry again dipped his hand into my honey pot slipping
his fingers into me in rhythm with Tessa's sucking of Edgar's cock, his thumb
busy on my clit.  Shortly after watching Edgar ejaculate in Tessa's mouth I had
my own first real orgasm as Terry manipulated me.  My body thrust hard against
the securing ropes as my spasms hit me.  I am convinced that because my first
experiences with sex were involved with bondage and were so mind blowingly
fantastic, that this was why I became forever after a bondage slut.

After Tessa had finished blowing Edgar, I was released from the chair, but my
hands remained tied behind me. Terry had me kneel in the centre of the room.  He
tied my ankles together; he then joined my arm tie to my ankle tie.  This kept
me in the kneeling position.

 Tessa served the guys a round of beers, whilst they decided what it was that
they were going to have me do next.  I had already guessed that there was a very
strong possibility that they would decide to have me do to each of them what
they had seen Tessa do so willingly for Edgar.  I was eager to get on with it. 
I wanted to feel their wonderful meat and I was intrigued as to what it would be
like to have them come in my mouth the way Edgar had in Tessa's. 

They decided, of course, that as I was not available for fucking, (Edgar had
made that very clear) then they would have me blow them as a consolation.  Some
consolation.  It was OK for them; I was the one going to be doing all the work. 
And I was still covered in their come from earlier!

Terry brought out the cards, and suggested that they should cut for the order in
which I was to service them.  This time Paul was first, then Jake followed by
Jimmy, then Terry followed by Sam and Gage. The guys debated getting naked, but
decided that naked was a woman's place, they would keep their clothes on, and I
would have to unzip their flies with my teeth as a prelude to sucking them to
their climax. 

Paul, as the winner, came and stood before me, placed his hands on my head and
guided me towards his crotch where his prick was creating a large, hard bulge
against his fly zip.  He pulled my face into his crotch and proceeded to rub his
hard bulge against my face, making sure that I knew where I was going next. 
After a few moments he released my head and ordered me to get to it.  "Find my
zipper, bitch, and get me out of my pants" were his instructions.  I did my
best, but I had great difficulty getting hold of the top of his zip.  After
watching my struggles for a little while, no doubt enjoying the intimate way my
face was rubbing against him by my own actions, as I searched for the top of his
zipper, he relented and lifted it out from where it lay just under the overlap
of his fly.  Now it was just possible to get hold of it with my teeth, but this
required me to push my face tight into his crotch area.  I could feel every inch
of his prick pressed against my face and throat and my breasts were pushing
against his thighs.  Paul was enjoying my struggles, but for me it was total
humiliation.  But humiliation, which was getting me very, wet between my legs,
again!

After a great struggle I succeeded in pulling his zip right down, but this did
not release his prick.  He was wearing underpants!  "Well, come on slave girl,
get my soldier out of my pants.  He's standing to attention for you, eager and
waiting for you to do your duty.  So get to it."  I had no idea how he intended
that I should get him out of his underpants with out the use of my hands, but I
had to try.  I used my nose to push aside his trouser fly so that I could get to
the edge of his underpants.  Luckily for me he was wearing high cut bikini
briefs, so I was able to get hold of the edge with my teeth.  I stretched the
material and pulled at it until I could see the fleshy rod, which was my goal. 
But my grip was to low.  The head of his prick was caught up in the material
near to his pants waist.  I would have to get hold of his pant waist and pull it
down.  With the top of his fly still fastened, I could not get at the top of his
briefs.  He saw my predicament and decided to remedy it.  He unfastened the
waist of his trousers, giving me access to the top of his briefs.  It was only
seconds before I was pulling his pants down with my teeth, releasing his
fabulous prick to my gaze. I pulled his pants right down so that they formed a
cushion under his balls, making his prick get harder and bigger! 

I had seen Tessa blow my brother and had taken mental notes of her technique, as
far as I was able as I approached my first real climax.  Having released his
prick, I stuck out my tongue and gently caressed the end of his prick with the
tip of it.  Paul gasped and seemed to get even harder, which a few minutes
before I would have said was impossible.  I was delighted at the power I was
exercising over this youth.  I was the one tied up, the one who was the slave,
the one being made to perform a sexual act but I was also in a strange way, the
one in control of the situation.  My actions would decide whether the end result
of our little game was to be his satisfaction or not.  Could I keep him on the
boil, not letting him come, until I was ready to let him.  I did not have any
experience in this area so I would be playing it by ear. (In this case, by
mouth!)

I continued licking at the end of his prick, teasing my tongue into the tiny
mouth that was now gapping slightly open.  I could taste the soap from his
earlier shower, I could taste the sweat that had gathered on him in the confines
of his pants, and I could smell an aroma, which I had never smelt before.  It
was an aroma, which I was to come to recognise; it was the aroma of male
arousal.  It is, even after all this time, difficult to describe.  It is
slightly different for each man.  It's a mixture of sweat, salt, male deodorant,
soap and a smell individual to the man concerned. It gets stronger as he
approaches his climax.  I find it extremely arousing. 

Paul arched himself towards me. I glanced up to see that his eyes were half
closed.  He was enjoying what I was doing to him.  I continued to tease him in
this way for a few seconds more, then ran my tongue down the length of his shaft
to his balls, then, following Tessa's example, I sucked his balls into my mouth. 
He jerked in response.  I didn't know whether I had sucked too hard and hurt
him, but he didn't complain, so I continued to suck.  I could feel the two
separate balls with my tongue through the skin of his sack.  I played with them,
rolling his sack around in my mouth with my tongue, just as I used to do with
the "gob stopper" sweets I used to buy.  I hadn't realised before, but those
"gob stopper" sweets had prepared me well for this kind of full feeling in my
mouth.

Paul was now moaning above me.  His hands now resting on my head encouraged me
to continue. Then he grabbed a handful of my hair, pulled gently backwards so
that his balls slipped out of my mouth, and raised my head until my mouth was
again touching the head of his prick. 

"Take my cock in your mouth, bitch.  I want to come in your throat, not shoot
off into the air."  His cock started to twitch as I cautiously lowered my mouth
over his cock. I was afraid of this long thing. I had seen Tessa take Edgar
right down to his balls. I wanted to do the same, but I found that when his
prick touched the back of my throat, I wanted to gag, to vomit him back out
again.  I guess this is a natural reflex, after all, when I was feeling sick
when I was a little girl, Mom had often suggested sticking my finger in my
throat to help me vomit.  Now I had this huge thing, much bigger than a finger,
nudging at the back of my throat and I was reacting to it with a physical
gagging motion.  Somehow, this convulsion of my throat had the effect of again
expanding Paul's prick.  It seemed to get fatter.  Then he jerked, jamming
himself past the apparent obstruction actually into my throat.  Now I panicked
and tried to get away from the intrusion.  I couldn't.  Firstly because Paul's
hands ere still on my head, but also because my movement was severely restricted
by the bondage anchoring my wrists to my ankles, and my ankles together.  I had
no leverage.  I had to endure.  Not for long though this first time.  Paul had
been excited beyond endurance, and his cock spasmed filling my throat with his
come, and in the action of coming he seemed to get even deeper into my throat. 
With difficulty I managed to swallow what he was forcing into me.  I was
actually unable to do anything else.  He was so deep into my throat I had to
take it all. The next few seconds seemed like a lifetime to me because I was
only able to breath through my nose, and that was difficult now with his belly
pressed hard against my face.  Eventually, when he had finished coming, he
withdrew from me and I could breath again.  I could hear the other guys
congratulating Paul and applauding my performance.  I was pleased to have
succeeded.  I wasn't to keen on having to do this another five times, but knew
that I was going to have to do so.  

I did do it another nine times because they all wanted to do it again, having
recovered sufficiently from the first time, and encouraged to hardness by
watching me perform on their mates.  I became more accustomed each time to that
period when I was unable to breath.  I found that I enjoyed it after I had done
it three or four times.  My stomach filled up with their fluids.  By the end of
the night, I wanted very much to go to the toilet, but Edgar would not permit it
until all the guys had left.  As they left, I heard them making arrangements to
come back the following night.  Exhausted as I was, I wondered whether I would
be up to it.

Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.
If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at
Master2124@Hotmail.com




How I became a bondage wife
By Master2124

Chapter 4 Tessa becomes my mentor

The day following my introduction to the male organ, Tessa, Terry's sister, and
now my brother's lover, came round to our house to go shopping with me.  Edgar,
my brother, had sorted through my clothes and told me that nothing there would
really do for my new position as slave to his mates.  So he had called Terry,
who had contacted all the guys to get them to club together so that Tessa could
take me down to the mall to get some new, sexy clothes; Tessa was to help me to
buy dresses, skirts, blouses, shoes and underwear. Tessa was delighted at the
idea of shopping, even if she wasn't the one buying the clothes. She told me
that buying new clothes gave her a buzz. She wondered if watching me spend money
on clothes would give her a similar buzz, especially as she held the money and
had the final word on what we chose to buy for me.

So off we went down to the mall.

Tessa decided that we would start from the skin out.  So the first stores we hit
were the lingerie stores.  Mum had always bought my underclothes before and they
were the usual regular stuff, nothing fancy, just serviceable. Now we were
looking at all kinds of sexy items from full panties to slim g strings; some
made sexy by the material they were made of, (soft nylon/cotton mix through to
shiny nylon/rayon even, in one store, soft rubber and leather); some were made
sexy by their cut, (high on the legs, slim at the back, some with cut out
crotch). And many of the bras had cut outs for my nipples to stick out through.
Many of the panties were in sets with bra and garter belt. Tessa purchased about
a dozen different sets from this last store, insisting in each case that we go
into the changing rooms where she watched me try them on for size and fit.  When
I had each set on she "tested" them.

Each time she smoothed her hands over my breasts, caressing the material,
pinching my nipples to make them stand out, especially where the bras had holes
for my nipples.  She made sure that most of them were like this, but she did buy
a couple of bra that were sexy because they were transparent.  She told me that
she wanted to be certain that the guys would like what they saw. But it was
obvious that she was enjoying humiliating me like this, getting a kick out of
treating me like a sex toy. She did the same with the panties, stroking the
material, then dipping her fingers into my honey pot.  The difference here was
that she then had me suck her fingers, "so that you can get used to the taste of
girls as well as guys."

In the same store there were dresses, skirts, shoes, boots, playsuits, body
suits, and a number of kinky maid outfits.  Tessa purchased a selection of
these, again insisting that I model them for her.  She seemed to like watching
me strip down, especially as I was now wearing one of the selected open bra and
brief sets, made out of a shiny black material. By the time we left the store, I
was feeling very horny, and I was certain that Tessa was too.

When we left the store, I was back in my "street" clothes", jeans and T shirt,
but underneath I was still wearing the open bra and brief set that Tessa seemed
to like most.  I felt very sexy knowing that although I looked like any other 16
year old, I was secretly a total slut.

Tessa called Terry to come and pick us up at the mall as we had so many
packages.  When we got back to my house, Mum was still in bed after her busy
night out, so Tessa insisted that I thank Terry for picking us up and for
carrying all our purchases up to my bedroom.  Her way for me to thank Terry was
to have me strip down to my new bra and brief set and to suck him off.  I did so
with out complaint.

Before leaving, Tessa told me that she and the guys would be over at ten, after
Mum left for her nightly activities and that I was to wear the new maid outfit
and a platform bra and the open crotch briefs that I went with it. I could
hardly wait.  When I had tried on this set in the shop, I had marvelled at the
way that the bra cradled my breasts and thrust them forward, leaving my breasts
bare from just below my nipples.

As soon as Mum left that evening for her "work" I rushed up to my bedroom and
changed into my new outfit.  Before putting on the maid's dress, I modelled the
bra and panties for myself in the mirror, looking at myself from all angles.  I
even bent over and looked over my shoulder.  I thought that this pose was very
sexy, with my cunt peeing out between my legs, surrounded by the shiny black
material of the panties, which stretched sexily over my bottom cheeks.  These
panties were quite full, the better, Tessa said, to enforcise the gap.  I had to
agree.

Edgar came into my bedroom and caught me bent over admiring my ass. "Very nice,
the guys are going to love that pose.  I'll make sure that you show them."  I
didn't know what to do with myself. I was so embarrassed. It was one thing for
me to be naked if front of Edgar when all his mates were around; it was another
thing entirely when there was just the two of us. Seeing my embarrassment, he
laughed.  "Get used to it, little sister.  From now on, when Mum's out, you will
be naked or near to it. No more prim little schoolgirl for you. And even if I
can't fuck you myself, I can still enjoy watching you."

He threw a package on the bed.  It rattled.  "Put those on, finish dressing and
come down stairs." He left.

I opened the package.  It contained five straps, each with metal rings set into
them. I guessed that they were for my wrists, ankles and throat. I put them on,
and then pulled on the maid's outfit.  The soft, white blouse was cut tight and
low, revealing most of my upper breasts.  The black bra showed clearly through
it.  I decided to tuck the elasticated hem of the blouse under my nipples, so
that the guys would get the best view possible.

The black skirt was flared and very short.  It only just covered my butt cheeks
and cunt.  I stretched my hands above my head, and the skirt rode up to clearly
reveal my ass and cunt.  I lowered my arms and I was just decent.  I turned my
back to the mirror and bent as if to put a tray on the coffee table, and the
skirt rode up to totally reveal my ass, the panties that framed my pouting cunt.
I thought that the guys would really love this.

To finish off the outfit I put on the high heal pumps that Tessa had bought.  I
thought that they were entirely impractical for any working maid, but then, I
wasn't a working maid.  I was a sex toy.  And that was sure to God what I looked
like.  In fact, I would say that I looked like a fuck about to happen.  The
sensible part of me knew that I wouldn't get fucked yet, because I was still not
safe.  I couldn't arrange for contraception until Monday or Tuesday at the
earliest.  But I did so want to find out what being fucked was like.

I went down the stairs to where Edgar and now also Tessa were waiting for me.
They were sitting on the settee; Edgar's arm was around Tessa's shoulder, where
his hand was slipped into the top of her blouse, cradling her breast.  Her hand
was resting on his engorged prick, caressing him through the tight fabric of his
jeans.  They had me model for them, going through a series of poses similar to
what I had gone through for my own amusement upstairs. When I got to the pose
that Edgar he had caught me in the bedroom, he had me grasp my ankles with my
hands, and then hold the pose whilst he took a number of photographs from
various angles with his new digital camera. Tessa suggested that he should get a
couple of photos of me kneeling, as that was going to be one of my most common
positions.  Edgar thought that was a great idea, and so had me kneel up, then
lean back to grasp my ankles again, this presented my breasts to the camera in a
most lascivious fashion. He took quite a few photos of this pose, obviously
liking what he saw.

Tessa suggested that he have me greet the guys in this position when they
arrived to which Edgar agreed.  So I was led out to the entrance hall, where
Edgar had me kneel at the side of the door.  He pulled a couple of double ended
clips from his pocket, and hooked my ankle straps to my wrist straps, ensuring
that I would stay kneeling until he decided otherwise. I was in bondage again,
and my cunt was juicing up nicely. God, how I loved this, I would be forever
happy if I could only be in bondage ready for my lover(s) to fuck me. I knelt
proud, waiting for the guys to arrive.

Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.
If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at
Master2124@Hotmail.com




How I became a bondage wife
By Master2124

Chapter 5 Terry begins to take control

So there I was, kneeling in the entrance hall waiting for the guys to arrive,
leather straps buckled around my ankles, wrists and throat, my wrists secured to
my ankles, my breasts naked from my nipples up, and my cunt just visible under
the hem of the short black skirt of the maid's costume.  I felt soooo sexy.

The guys began to arrive.  The first to arrive was Jake.  Edgar opened the door
to let him in. Jake stopped still in the doorway, amazed to see me kneeling in
front of him, almost visible from the street. Edgar closed the door behind him
and told him that I was there so that I could greet the guys properly when they
arrived.  Jake asked him what he meant and Edgar told him to take out his cock
and let me kiss the "symbol of manhood."  Jake was delighted to do so.  The
sight of me kneeling there had made him semi hard.  By the time he had walked
over to me, unzipping as he did so, he was hard as a rock.  I opened my mouth
and engulfed the knob of his prick with my lips, tickling his piss hole with my
tongue.  He gripped my hair in his hands as he felt my soft lips around his most
sensitive part. Edgar reminded him that this was only a greeting and not to get
too excited but to save himself for later. Jake reluctantly withdrew from my
mouth and tucked his hard cock, wet from my saliva, back into his pants. 

Stepping away he noticed Tessa standing in the doorway to the living room. She
was dressed quite normally in comparison to me, but sexy all the same.  She had
a tight crop top, which showed her nipples through, making it obvious that she
was not wearing a bra; tight hipster pants which moulded her lower body; and
high heeled slippers similar to those she had purchased for me. Between the crop
top and the hipsters was revealed a beautifully flat stomach.  I noticed that
her belly button was pierced and sported a very attractive star headed pin. Jake
went over and greeted her more conventionally with a hug and kiss, which Tessa
took enthusiastically.  Her hands gripped his ass, pulling his rock hard body
into the cradle of her thighs.

Paul, Jimmy, Gage and Sam followed quickly behind Jake and were introduced to
the same ritual.  By the time I had greeted them all I was high on the sex buzz
and I my knees were firmly pressed together, the better to contain my excitement
and I had sank down so that I was sitting back on my heels.

Terry was the last to arrive.

He walked over to me but unlike the rest of the guys, he did not unzip his fly
and release his cock for my ministrations.  Instead he hooked a finger into the
ring in the front centre of my neck strap and pulled on it to bring me into as
near an upright kneeling position as I could manage with my hands fastened to my
ankles.  His foot edged my knees apart until they were spread as far as they
could go.  "Little one," he said to me, "This is the correct way to kneel, back
straight, chest out, legs open.  Make sure that in future whenever you are
kneeling, that this is how you do it. Now open my zip and greet me like a good
little slave should."  He released his hold on the ring and I nuzzled into his
crotch, to find the end of his zip.  I grasped it between my teeth and with some
difficulty, unzipped his fly.  His hard cock was cradled in the soft cotton of
his briefs.  He wore form-fitting briefs without a fly.  I nuzzled my face
against him, enjoying the feel of contained power.  Slowly I followed his erect
shape until I reached the elasticated waist of his briefs. I gripped his
waistband in my teeth, leaned back to pull the material away from him, and then
down to reveal his beautiful rod.  I carefully released the material and took
the head of his cock into my mouth and greeted him in the same way as I had the
other guys.  Somehow though I had enjoyed this particular greeting more than the
others.  Maybe it was because I had worked for the privilege.

Now that we were all gathered, Tessa came over and unfastened the clips at my
ankles. Using the released clips, she fastened my wrists behind my back and
assisted me to stand. When I was standing, she looked me in the eye, slipped her
left hand between us to cup my cunt, slipped all her fingers into my well
lubricated opening, and whispered "You're really turned on by this, aren't you?
Well so am I. All those cocks you're going to get tonight. I wish it was me." 
She turned, twisting her hand so that she was still holding me intimately, and
led me by my cunt into the living room. It would seem that our Tessa was
bi-sexual and possibly as kinky as me.  I knew she and Edgar were fucking each
other.  I had heard them at it this morning after the shopping trip whilst Mum
was fast a sleep in bed. I had peeped through the crack in the doorway, watching
as they fucked.  Now I watched her ass as we walked, remembering how it looked
naked as she knelt over Edgar earlier, sucking him hard again after their first
fuck. I had watched as she had then knelt over his rock hard prick with her legs
wide apart and lowered herself onto him.  She had then ridden him to their
mutual satisfaction I couldn't wait until I got one of these rock hard pricks in
my wet box.  I had dreamed very erotic dreams last night, brought on I was
certain, by the lingering smell and taste of male sperm.

As I walked into the living room, I heard Terry say to Edgar, "I see you gave
her my little present.  She looks good in the straps, and they are very
convenient for quick changes of position." So Terry was the one with the
imagination.  I had dreaded the thought that they might have been Edgar's idea.  
Terry turned to Tessa and watched as she led me over to him.  He grinned when he
saw how Tessa was leading me.  He waited until we were right in front of him.
When we were right up to Terry, Tessa released me, turned towards me and put the
fingers that were wet from my cunt to me lips.  I looked her in the eyes as I
sucked her fingers into my mouth.  I could see she was turned on by my ready
acceptance.

I heard the jingle of a chain.  Terry spoke. "Release her wrists, Tessa," he
ordered.  Tessa obeyed with alacrity, then stood back.  Terry lifted the chain.
It was about 3 foot long.  He passed one end through the ring in the front of my
collar, then through the ring on my right wrist.  He took hold of the other end
of the chain and fed it through the ring on my left wrist and fastened the two
ends together.  My wrists were now effectively fastened in front of me at belly
button height.  "Right, now you can serve the guys their beers, whilst we watch
this video." He picked a video up from the chair behind him and walked over to
the VCR and put it in.  The TV came to life as I walked into the kitchen to
collect the beers.  Tessa had made herself comfortable on the 3-seater between
Edgar and Jake and was watching the TV with apparent enthusiastic interest.  I
wondered what was on the video that could have attracted Tessa's interest so
markedly.

I opened 7 cans on beer with some slight difficulty, hampered by the lack of
freedom because of the chain.  But I succeeded and soon had them sitting nicely
on a tray ready for me to take them through.  It was a struggle to pick up the
tray but I managed it and walked through to the living room to deliver them.  On
entering into the room I nearly dropped the tray in fright. On the TV screen I
saw myself with a cock moving into my mouth.  It was a close up.  My eyes were
shut.  The camera panned back to reveal the fact that I was in bondage.  I could
see that my body, face and hair were splattered with from ejaculate from the
guys who had jacked off over me. The cameraman was being very careful not to
reveal the face of the guy fucking my face, but I was not granted any such
privacy.

I went to each of the guys in turn, carefully crouched down before them, offered
them the tray and allowed them to remove their drink.  Every one of them took
the opportunity to run a hand over my tits that were so brazenly displayed in
front of them.  When I reached the 3-seater where Edgar, Tessa and Jake were
sitting, it was to see that Tessa had a prick in each hand, and the guys had
pushed up her crop top and were each sucking on one of her breasts. The live
babe between them was obviously more interesting that watching me suck of half a
dozen cocks on the TV.  I felt a strange sort of disappointment.  Edgar stopped
sucking Tessa's tit just long enough to take the beer can. Jake was too occupied
to bother.  However, Tessa decided to take the spare can.

I returned the empty tray to the kitchen and returned to the living room. As I
entered the room Terry caught my eye and beckoned me to come and kneel in front
of him.  I went over and started to kneel facing him.  He stopped me indicating
that he wanted me to kneel facing the TV so that I could watch my own
humiliation.  Of course, I did as instructed.  I assumed the position he had
shown me earlier, kneeling with straight back, my knees as far apart as was
comfortable. He looped a piece of rope between my elbows behind my back, pulling
my arms towards my sides.  This caused the piece of chain linking my wrists to
each other and to my collar to tighten.  He leaned over me and kissed me firmly,
pushing his tongue into my mouth where I knew later his cock would follow.  His
hands pushed the material of the maid's dress so that it lay beneath my breasts,
revealing the platform bra.  He cupped my breasts in his hand and proceeded to
tweak my nipples, causing them to become harder and more prominent.  

After a moment or two, he stopped kissing me.  I felt bereft.  I heard the clink
of more chain.  He secured one end of the new chain to the other chain where it
was linked together between my wrists.  He let the new chain drop down my front. 
I felt him reach down behind me and through my legs so that he could get hold of
the chain again.  Then he pulled it through my legs, up my back and through the
metal hoop at the rear of my collar.  He continued to pull it through until the
chain was tight.  This pulled the chain deep into my cunt. I then heard a snap
and realised that he had fastened the chain into position at the back of my
collar with a small padlock.  My skirt was pulled up into my sex beneath the
chain. I looked down and realised that my cunt lips could now be clearly seen
hanging down either side of the chain that was buried so intimately in me.

I looked over my shoulder at Terry.  He was smiling at me.  "That will protect
you're virginity nicely," he said to me. He was using the chain just like a
chastity belt of old!

Terry indicated that I should watch the TV.  I reluctantly did so.  I was not
eager to watch myself being face fucked.  I had enjoyed the experience, but I
didn't feel that watching myself in the midst of sexual activity was "right." 
However, after about 5 minutes I found that I was becoming very aroused by it. 
Not just from the images on the screen, but also from the fact that the guys
around me were so very obviously turned on by it.  I am sure that the fact that
I was so openly displayed also had a large impact on my state of arousal.  I
was, after all, a living breathing sex object!

Of course the guys weren't silent whilst they watched me getting face fucked. 
There was a lot of ribbing going on between them. There was cat calling about
the size and shape of the dicks I was sucking.  There were many comments on my
"technique" or rather lack of it.  There were comments about my tits, about the
amount of come I had swallowed, and about how much overflowed my mouth,
especially early on when the guys were still fresh.  There were comments on just
how good it felt to get a blowjob. There were comments on how good it felt to
face fuck a girl who couldn't refuse.  There were comments about my cunt and
heartfelt wishes about getting to fuck me there.  There was even comments when
the video camera was viewing be from the back, about what a sweet ass hole I had
and how it would be nice to double fuck me.  I chilled a little at the idea of
someone fucking me in the ass.  That was not something I had ever thought about
before, but it did seem that the guys liked the idea.

Eventually the video came to an end. 

Terry called over to Tessa and asked her if she would like to help me in
servicing the guys.  She agreed whole-heartedly. And so it began again, another
round of blowjobs for the guys. 

Tessa came and knelt down beside me.  Terry had an idea.  "I think it's only
fair, if you are going to help Angie out, then you should be in the same
position as she is."  With great enthusiasm the guys assisted Terry to tie Tessa
into a similar position, except that Terry used rope throughout, as he did not
have another set of straps or chains.  With her crop top pushed up Tessa was
showing off her fine tits, but the guys let her keep her hipster pants on. 
Using rope, Terry had created a collar for Tessa and had also run rope from her
wrist bondage down though her legs and up to the rope collar.  I was amazed that
Terry would do this to his sister and even more amazed that Tessa allowed him to
do so without protest. 

When Terry had finished tying Tessa up, he told the guys to strip so that our
job would be easier.  The guys rushed to comply. When they were all buck naked,
Terry brought forward the trusted pack of cards so that the guys could cut for
turns.  Then he challenged us to take our time in bringing the guys off and to
make it last.  He said that the one who managed to keep their guy hot and hard
for the longest with out making him come would receive a reward, and the one who
didn't would be punished.  He didn't elaborate but we both wanted to win,
although I expected Tessa to do so as she had more experience than I had, after
all, I had only blown my first cock the night before!

Paul and Jake won the cut for first up, so Terry shuffled the pack and had them
cut again to see who had the choice of girl.  Jake won and opted for Tessa.  I
wasn't surprised; after all she had been fondling his cock earlier whilst he had
been enthusiastically sucking on her naked tit.

Paul presented his ridged tool to my lips and I opened my mouth to allow him to
push the head of his prick between my lips.  With my hands tied in front of my,
I found that I could touch his upper thighs and so I held him as best I could.
It gave me a feeling that at least I had some control, even if it wasn't very
much.  In reality it was more perceptive than actual.  His cock filled my mouth
and started to nudge at the back of my throat.  I realised that Paul did not
care whether I one or lost.  All he was interested in was the pressure in his
nuts, his desire to come.  My part in this event as far as he was concerned was
purely to be a receptacle for his fluids and an object of his lust.

I glanced sideways at Tessa.  She hadn't even taken Jakes cock into her mouth
yet.  She was sucking his balls, and as she did so I saw him get harder, if that
was possible. He was standing with his hands on his hips; his pelvis thrust
forward, his head back and his eyes closed.  I tried to lift my head off Paul's
cock but he would have none of it.  His hands grasped my hair and forced me down
onto his cock, just as all the guys had one the previous night.  No finesse for
Paul.  All he wanted was to get his rocks off, and as fast as possible. I
resigned myself to the inevitable.  I was helpless in front of him.  I was a
tightly fastened package of sexual slutishness with no hope of redemption from
the punishment to come.

Of course Paul climaxed first, poring his fluids direct into my stomach he was
so far down my throat. Tessa made Jake last another five minutes.  I watched her
in awe.  She was obviously a very experienced cocksucker.  She kept him on edge
all that time, with his flagpole sticking up into the air.  In fact, she never
actually took him into her mouth until the very last moment.  She succeeded in
making him come from the sensation of her lips on his ball sack, and on the
length of his organ, which she nibbled and sucked, causing him to groan and
plead with her to finish him off.  It looked to me as if she could keep him that
way for quite a while longer, but she took pity on me, not wishing I am sure, to
show up my inexperience too much. As I watched she pushed a finger up Jake's ass
and suddenly he was spurting in a high fountain up over her head.  She quickly
covered the end of his surging cock with her mouth, and proceeded to milk the
rest of his come, swallowing every remaining drop.

All the guys, except Jake, applauded her performance.  Jake had slowly slumped
down to the ground in front off Tessa, totally drained, a look of beatific
delight on his face.

Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.
If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at
Master2124@Hotmail.com




How I became a bondage wife
By Master2124

Chapter 6 Terry continues to take control

Reminder of where we are.
Tessa and I are both tied into kneeling positions.  The guys are taking their
turns in presenting the cocks to us for us to use our mouths to bring them to a
climax.  Terry, wanting to make this even more interesting for the guys, and not
just a series of simple blow jobs, has set us a challenge to see who can keep
their guy on the edge longest before they come.  The winner is to be rewarded,
the loser punished.  Tessa has won the first set by a good five minutes. 

Continued
Terry brought the cards forward again.  Sam and Jimmy won the first cut, and
then Jimmy won the second.  Jimmy had the hots for me, so guess whose cock I was
presented with?  Your right, it was Jimmy's cock bobbing in front of my nose.  I
had been able to watch Tessa's technique with Jake, and decided that the only
way I was going to have the slightest chance was to try and follow her lead. 
So, rather than engulfing his cock head, I lowered my head so that I could take
his ball sack into my mouth.   I gently sucked it as deep into my mouth as
possible, then using my tongue, I played with his balls, rolling them around my
mouth.  I could feel the length of his cock pressing against my cheek. It felt
hard, yet soft, a most strange combination.  I kept an eye on Tessa, to see what
she was doing.  She was licking up and down Sam's cock, flicking at his cock tip
whenever she reached it, but otherwise not touching him.  All the same, his
hands were tangled in her hair, not holding on to her, I didn't think, just to
have a contact with her.

I allowed Jimmy's ball sack to slide from my mouth, and started to tongue the
underside of his hard rod, which was now pointing up in the air.  Now his hands
came down onto my head and his fingers dug into my hair as he strove for control
of the situation.  Unfortunately for me, and to his own embarrassment, he was
unable to control himself.  Turned on by the very idea of me kneeling naked and
in bondage in front of him was enough in and of itself to cause the explosion
that occurred as I reached the top of his cock.  His cum sprayed up into my
face, showering me with the thick white liquid of his ejaculation.  White
globules of cum splattered into my mouth, nose and eyes and into my hair.  I had
lost again. This time it had nothing to do with technique and everything to do
with a horny obsession.  All Jimmy's dreams had come true, and he could not
control himself, and I couldn't have done anything to change that.

Tessa, seeing what had happened, quickly gobbled Sam's cock and brought him to a
climax in no time at all.  And to show sisterly solidarity, she jerked herself
back of his flowing organ and allowed the spitting rod to bathe her face with
its offering.  So we knelt side by side, in very similar bondage, and with both
our faces dripping with sperm.  At that moment I knew that we would become firm
friends.

Terry indicated to Edgar that he should get over to Tessa and Gage to come over
to me.  I had already lost, so I decided to do this the way I wanted too.  So I
opened my mouth and took the bulb of his cock into my mouth and just played with
it with my tongue, treating it just like my favourite gob-stopper boiled sweet
from when I was a kid.  First it bulged out one cheek, then the other, as I
moved it around my mouth. I tickled his piss slit with the tip of my tongue, and
was instantly rewarded by the way he stiffened. His cum spurted out into my
mouth, quickly over flowing so that my chest was drowned in his copious flood. 
I felt like a cum slut. 

I looked over at Tessa.  Needless to say she was finessing Edgar's cock.  She
knew it so well, I felt certain she could keep him hard and happy for quite a
period.  Tessa was an expert at this cock sucking business that was evident. 
And Edgar. It seemed to me, must have been on the receiving end quite a few
times, because he seemed to know just what she was going to do next.  Tessa
realised she was playing to a very interested audience, and she smiled at me
around Edgar's cock.

Eventually, Tessa brought Edgar to his climax and allowed his cum to shower her
body again. 

Now the only unsatisfied cock belonged to Terry.

I knew that he wouldn't use it on Tessa, so I knew that I was going to be the
one to bring him to satisfaction.  Just as I suspected, I was to be the
reciptiant of his cock.  It was by far the fattest and longest of all the cocks
in the room and I was going to enjoy him at my leusure.

Terry told the guys to leave us where we were for the time being so that we
could "enjoy" our bondage and suggested that they all adjourned to the kitchen
for beers.  The guys all pulled on their underpants before they went through,
but left us both as we were.

I quickly found that without the stimulus of sexual activity, my position became
quite strenuous.  We were still kneeling where we had been left when the guys
moved into the kitchen. I wasn't hurting exactly, but I sure as anything became
very uncomfortable generally, with points of building pressure. My knees and
toes were the first parts of me that began to feel the pressure where they were
in contact with the floor.  My whole weight was resting on these areas.    I
glanced at Tessa and she whispered that we'd better stay kneeling, or Terry
would punish us for moving.  I began to wonder about Terry and Tessa.  Maybe
this wasn't her first time to be tied up. I guessed that it wouldn't be the
last, for either of us. So we continued to kneel.  After a little while, Tessa
started a backwards and forwards movement with her hips.  This sawed the ropes
between her legs backwards and forwards in counterpoint to her movement,
especially as she was adding to the movement by tugging against the rope with
her wrists.  I copied her and found that the chain was rubbing against my
already engorged clit.  It was actually quite enjoyable.  I closed my eyes, the
better to concentrate on the feeling and soon I was high in the clouds with
pleasure. 

We never quite got off before the guys came back, but we had managed to keep
ourselves on the peak.  It wouldn't have taken much stimulation from any of the
guys who might have been interested to push either of us over the top into a
screaming climax.  But none of the guys were particularly interested in bringing
us off.  Typically of the teenage male, they were only interested in their own
gratification.

Whilst they had been in the kitchen the guys had discussed my punishment and had
decided on what it should be.  Edgar and Paul came over to Tessa and Terry and
Sam came of to me.  We were quickly lifted up from our kneeling position and led
into the middle of the floor where there was a sturdy wooden coffee table.  I
was laid backwards over this so that my head hung over one end and my legs over
the other. My wrists were unfastened from in front of me and fastened together. 
My arms were then pulled over my head and a rope was run from my wrist link down
under the table to the link joining my ankles together.  This rope was pulled
very tight, pulling my ankles and wrists under the table towards each other. 
This put quite a strain on my shoulders. I was then fastened to the coffee table
by ropes above and below my breasts, across my belly, and across my thighs. 
Tessa was then lead over and tied face down over me end to end with me.  I was
now looking up into her cunt just as she was looking down into my cunt.  If this
was my punishment, it was OK by me. 

But it wasn't.

My "punishment" was to watch all of the guys, including my brother but excluding
Terry, fuck Tessa.  I watched as six cocks of different shapes and sizes, but
similar in their total rigidity, plunge into Tessa's cunt right in front of my
face.  Paul, who was first, started something that the other guys (except Edgar)
followed on with. Between each thrust into Tessa, he pulled out and made me take
him into my mouth.  I had thought at the beginning of the night that it would be
nice to watch Edgar fuck Tessa, but I hadn't even in my wildest dreams, thought
that I would see Tessa fucked six times, right in front of my eyes. So close
that I could see every vein in the cocks as they surged into her. I had thought
at the beginning of the night that I would get to suck all the guys off.  I
hadn't dreamed that I would be sucking cock, which between mouthfuls I would
then have to watch it plunge into Tessa's eager cunt. With each mouthful of
cock, I tasted Tessa's juices. When each of them had climaxed into Tessa's cunt,
Terry instructed me to clean her out.  I had never tongued another girl's cunt
before tonight, now here I was not only tonguing her, but also actually slurping
up the guys' cum and swallowing it like a vacuum cleaner.  To add to my new
experiences, whilst I was tonguing Tessa's cunt, Terry insisted that Tessa
should return the favour.  Yet again, Tessa demonstrated her experience.  The
way she went about licking me to a climax was evidence that she had done this
before, that she was no novice to lesbian action.  Having once been instructed
to lick me she continued to do so.  The result of all this was that I seemed to
be almost constantly cumming.

Eventually the evening drew to a close.  Tessa was well fucked, the guys were
all droopy having indulged themselves several times each.  Even with the novelty
of a group orgy with tied up slave girls; they were only able to keep hard for a
certain length of time. Each time they spewed their loads either into Tessa's
cunt or my mouth, it took them longer to get back into a state of readiness.  As
for Tessa and me, we were both wasted from all the climaxes we had maintained. 
I had discovered something else, that whilst men have a limit to how often they
can get it up, we women seemed to have no limit on how many times we could cum,
if the stimulus was right.

Terry didn't release Tessa and me until the other guys had left.

Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.
If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at
Master2124@Hotmail.com




How I became a bondage wife
By Master2124

Chapter 7  I submit to Tessa

When I woke up the following morning, I found that Tessa was in the bed with me.
I turned to her and she grinned at me.  We were dressed in similar sexy baby
dolls that we had purchased during our recent shopping spree.  The tops were
transparent with little motifs where our nipples should be hidden, but the whole
of Tessa's breast and her turgid nipples could be clearly see because the panels
had slipped whilst she slept.

"That was some night," I said to her.

"Wasn't it just something else again?  I have had some sexy nights but nothing
like the last couple of weekends with you.  You certainly sparked something off
in the guys.  This bondage thing, I knew Terry was in to it.  I've seen some of
his magazines, but I would never have guessed it could be so exciting.  I've
never seen so many cocks in action before and they kept getting hard again!  My
cunt feels like its worn out. I kept cumming and cumming and cumming again. I
never knew it was possible. And you've become one hell of a cocksucker.  We make
a great team.  We'd better get you set up with contraception so that you can
share the fucking.  After all, you started this multi fuck, the sooner you get
to take your share, the better, before they fuck me to a frazzle." 

I had never heard anyone talk so easily about sex as Tessa did.  Even with sex
education at school, I had still remained basically a very shy person.  I had
never mixed much and before last weekend had never thought of myself as sexy,
had never even thought about sex much at all.  It felt marvellous to now be seen
as the instigator of our cum fest. Now I wanted nothing more than to be able to
take some of those cocks into my cunt and experience the pleasure that Tessa had
obviously had the previous night.  I had enjoyed it myself cuming hard, often
and long but I somehow knew that getting fucked in the cunt had to be better
than getting off on Tessa's tongue.

I returned Tessa's grin.  "Lead me to it, I'll be only to pleased to do my
part." I hesitated for a moment.  "Would you come with me to the clinic, I
really don't think I could go there on my own?"

She grinned at me.  "I could always get Terry to take you along."

I cringed at the idea of going into a place like that with a man.  It would be
like announcing to the world that he was fucking me. The idea was excruciatingly
embarrassing. 

"No, please don't make me do that.  I would be so embarrassed.  I couldn't do
it.  Please don't make me.  Please, will you take me?  I don't want everyone to
know that I'm getting fucked."

Tessa looked at me amazed at my reaction to what I know now was only a joking
remark but which then seemed to be a straightforward suggestion.  A mischievous
gleam appeared in her eyes. 

"So, what would you do for me, if I took you rather than asking Terry?" she
asked me.

"Anything, anything at all.  Just don't make me go with Terry."

She smirked. 

"Anything covers a whole multitude.  How about you start by licking my poor
abused cunt for me."

She threw the bedcovers off us, leaned back on the headboard, opened her legs
and beckoned me to get on with it.

I hesitated.  It had been Ok to lick her cunt last night when I was already on a
sexual high and I was bound in position.  This was a totally different
proposition.  This was the cold light of day, no bondage, no other stimulation,
just hard cold obedience.

"Get on with it, or I will get Terry to take you."  Frightened by the threat, I
crawled down the bed until I was kneeling between her widespread legs and slowly
reached up to remove her panties. "No, use your teeth just like you did for the
guys. Put your hands behind you back.  You can pretend they're tied there, or I
could always tie them there if it makes it easier for you."

I was amazed that Tessa had read my mind.  I looked up at her and whispered,
"Yes, please tie my hands behind me, I think I would like it better that way." 
She leaned over the side of the bed and picked up one of the ropes that had been
used to tie us the night before.  Terry and Edgar had led us up to the bedroom
with our arms still secured behind us, and had only finally released us
completely after we had given them a final deep throating.  I was amazed that
they had been able to get it up again after such a busy night!

Tessa tied my wrists, then fed the rope up my arms and around my upper arms, and
had pulled gently until my elbows were almost touching before finally tying the
rope off.  Now there was no way I could use my hands.  I looked down my body. 
My breasts were pushed forward in counterpoint to the pulling back of my
shoulders.  My nipples had erected as Tessa was tying my arms and they now
tented out the front of the baby doll top.  Tessa still had some rope left so he
looped it around my chest first above my breasts then below my breasts, tying it
of to reinforce the wrist tie.  Now the transparent material of my baby doll was
pulled smooth and tight against my breasts.  The thin covering made me feel even
more naked than if I had no covering at all.  That was a concept I found
difficult to understand, but its truth was evident to me.

Tessa returned to her position in front of me and watched me as I leaned forward
and took hold of the waistband of her panties with my teeth.   Strangely I began
to feel the excitement building in me. Now that I was in bondage my inhibitions
had disappeared and I found that I wanted to do this for Tessa.  I wanted to
worship at the altar of her sexuality.  She lifted her lower body as I pulled at
her panties.  I slowly pulled them down until her cunt was revealed to me.  She
pushed me away momentarily whilst she pulled her panties down from where I had
managed to pull them to and off, throwing them roughly in the direction of the
laundry basket. "You can wash them for me later", she told me.

She spread he legs wide and pulled her ankles into her butt cheeks.  This had
the effect of opening her cunt lips and lifting it upwards towards me.  She was
now beautifully displayed before my eyes.

"Ok, slave girl, get to it, and get that sweet tongue of yours to work.  Lets
see what you remember from last night about how to get another girl off.  That's
assuming you can actually remember what I did to you that made you cum.  If it
had been left to those thoughtless bastards, you would have been filled with
they're cum, but you might have waited all night for your own satisfaction as
far as they were concerned.  Men are just dicks waiting to spray there load and
when they do that's it as far as they are concerned.  So little lady, you and I
are going to become best friends and make sure that we get as much out of their
orgies as they do, if not more."

I bent to my task, remembering how Tessa had alternated from licking inside my
cunt, with sucking on my clit, that hidden passion centre which I was to learn,
men often just ignore.  For men, women seem to be just breasts, cunt, ass and
mouth.  Often the order varies, but their attention to these areas of a woman's
body never does. 

I started by flicking my tongue up and down her open slit, licking up the juices
that had started to flow at my willingness, (and also I was certain, because she
had tied me up.)  Her hands came to rest on my head as she began to murmur her
encouragement to me.  I noticed as I was licking her that her cunt lips began to
swell as her excitement built up.  That was something I didn't know happened,
but here it was happening before my eyes.  When I had licked up the obvious
moisture, I lifted my head slightly so that I could move my tongue right up to
the upper end of her cunt slit where I began to flick my tongue under the little
hood that protected her precious clit.  (I had read somewhere that some cultures
cut of this little pleasure centre so that women would remember their place as
men's servants.  Thank God, our nation did not believe in that little
refinement.)  Without this trigger, sex for a woman is just a messy exercise. 
With it, it is a transcendental experience.  I had learnt that for myself with a
vengeance the previous night.  Now I was hoping to see it at close quarters as I
tried to give Tessa as much pleasure as she had given me.

When I began to flick my tongue at her clit, Tessa quickly began to climb the
hill of ecstasy.  Her hands became tangled in my hair as she encouraged me to
"Fuck that thing with your tongue, you bitch." I watched in amazement as her
clit cover slowly shrank back as her clit became aroused.  Soon her clit was
standing out like a very small cock. "Suck on my clit, sweet cheeks," she almost
shouted, "Make me cum, I need to cum, do it to me cuntface.  Fuck my clit with
your mouth, make me cum."

I felt invigorated and powerful as I followed her instructions and she got
hotter and hotter, and louder and louder as she ordered me to make her cum.  I
entered into the contest with her, wanting to make her cum, wanting to be her
fuck agent.  It seemed to go on forever, but it couldn't have been all that
long, until she started to cum.  When she did she ground my face into her cunt
by pressing down with her hands and up with her body, and my poor face was
caught in between.  Then to add more pressure, she brought he legs together,
crossed behind my head, and pulled me into her with what felt like the strength
of ten men.  I was certain for a moment that I would either suffocate or have my
neck broken, but of course neither event occurred.  What did occur was that
Tessa came and screamed like a banshee as she did so.  I couldn't help thinking
to myself that at this precise moment she was my sex slave a lot more than I was
hers.  After all, I was the one who made her cum, and whilst she was cuming she
was in some way, totally subservient to me, even though I was the one tied up.

When she eventually relaxed her hold on me, she reverted to the power role.

"That's was very good for a beginner, but you need more practice, I'm going to
speak to Terry and Edgar to see if it would be possible for you to come over and
stay with me for this next week.  That way I can train you better on how to
please me.  And whilst you are living with us, Terry can also try out some of
the other bondage from his books.  Wouldn't you like that, my little kitten."? 
I have to say that as I murmured a positive answer, I was thinking more of Terry
and more bondage positions than I was of Tessa. Still and all, it was something
that I found I wanted to do.

Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.
If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at
Master2124@Hotmail.com




How I became a bondage wife
By Master2124

Chapter 8 - I swap homes with Tessa.

At Tessa's instigation we went to wake the boys up.  We were naked except for
matching shining Lycra panties that fit us like a second skin, emphasising what
we considered our best attributes, (cunt and ass) whilst leaving clear to view
what we knew the guys considered our best attributes (our breasts).  The guys
were already up, and showered.  They had both donned dressing gowns so they were
more dressed than we were.  Tessa lead the way and went over to Edgar, sank down
to her knees in front of him, opened up his dressing gown, (he was naked beneath
it) and lowered her head to his rapidly rising cock. His hands went immediately
to her head in almost automatic reflex.  I followed her lead and knelt in front
of Terry.

Terry took hold of my hands to stop me opening his dressing gown.  He told me to
place my hands together.  He pulled the belt of his dressing gown out of the
loops and quickly tied my wrists.  He then went behind me, pulling my wrists up
and over my head. He ran the belt down to my waist and then looped it around my
body and tied it off behind my back.  My wrists were now pulled uncomfortably
down behind my neck towards my waist, my elbows naturally spread apart around my
head.  This position thrust my breasts forward. My nipples, which were already
raised in excitement, immediately became almost painfully hard.  He came around
me until he stood in front of me again.  The removal of his belt had caused his
dressing gown to fall open and his erection stood out proudly through the gap. 
"Now you can do what you intended to do, my sweet slave.  You can fuck me with
your mouth, just like my sweet sister is fucking your brother's cock with her
mouth.  Now get to it." 

He placed his hands on my head and guided me to his rampant manhood.  I opened
my mouth and took him into my oral cavity with some slight difficulty.    Even
with my forced practice of the night before, I still found that taking a prick
in my mouth whilst my hands were totally useless to me was not any easy thing to
do.   To do so required that I kneel up as high as I could, then to angle my
head so that my mouth was above the tip of his cock, and then I had to lean
forward until my open mouth was able to take his knob straight in back to my
throat. In this position I was able to take only about a third of his length,
and in doing so I found that his knob slid into the top of my throat, blocking
air from entering via my mouth.  I had to breath carefully through my nose. 
Amazingly, instead of frightening me, this actually made me more excited. I
could feel the leakage from my excitement wetting the front of the Lycra panties
that I was wearing.

Terry and Edgar although erect, were obviously still sated from the previous
night's activities and it took us both a fair while before we were able to bring
them to climax.  When he felt himself reaching his peak, Terry pressed down on
my head, forcing his cock further into my throat, and I had no choice but to
drink his fluid as it spurted from him.  When he released my head, he did not
release my arms.  "I like your little sister like this, Edgar.  What do you
think?"  Edgar, his arm around Tessa, her left breast cupped in his hand, looked
at me with a grin on his face.

"I guess she has certain attributes which make her stand out in that position,"
he said.  "Let's get some breakfast, the girls might have "eaten", as it were,
but I'm starving."  Laughing at his pun, he led the way into the kitchen. 
Releasing Tessa, he pointed her towards the stove and told her to get busy
making everyone an omelette.  As she walked over to the stove, I noticed that
her panties were also stained from her excitement.  So I wasn't the only one
turned on by submissive sex!

Because of my bondage, I was unable to assist Tessa with the breakfast.  Terry
had me kneel at the side of his chair, and lazily stroked my breasts as he
talked with Edgar.  I listened as they made plans for the day.  I was astonished
to discover that they had also been discussing the possibility of my going to
stay with Terry, "for training as a bondage sex slave."  Edgar's main objection
was that he would have no one to get his meals ready, tidy his room or wash his
clothes.  No objections were raised about me, his younger and until very
recently inexperienced sister being used for sex.  I guess his friendship with
Terry went deeper with Edgar than did his responsibility to me as his sister. 
Well, I couldn't say I was surprised.  After all, he had not received very much
of a lead on responsibility from our mother, who was absent from the house, more
than she was present.  

Terry's solution to this quandary was to offer Tessa as a substitute for me. 
"And, let's face it;" Terry said to Edgar, "There are side benefits to having
Tessa here for you.  You can't fuck your sister, after all, but Tessa loves to
fuck, and she has the hots for you.  Just make sure you treat here right.  And
by that I mean keep her in her place. She's always looked after me and my Dad,
and she's used to doing as she is told and to being punished if she doesn't do
her job proper. She's also got a taste for bondage, as you've seen so you should
keep her tied up some too. If you come over to my house with her later, Dad and
I will give you some pointers on the bondage, show you what she likes and what
she doesn't, but we do."  From that I learned that Tessa had an interesting
relationship with her father and her brother, that I would not only be
submitting to Terry but also his Dad,  that I could expect to be tied up "some"
and that I would have to come up to the mark or risk getting spanked.  So we did
not have to ask the boys anything, it was already decided.  I was just a little
sorry that Tessa apparently wouldn't be with me to offer some mutual support
except when Edgar brought her over to get bondage tips.  I wondered if I would
be the model for all these positions that Tessa liked and disliked and whether I
would like them or dislike them. The future now had a very exciting tinge to it. 
As an after thought, I wondered what Mum would think about Tessa and me
exchanging places and whether Edgar would let Mum see Tessa whilst she was in
bondage and if so, what Mum's reaction would be.

After breakfast, which I took from Terry's fork, as he did not unfasten my hands
until afterwards, we all got ready for our respective day, Tessa and I for
school, Edgar and Terry to go off to their jobs.  Both Tessa and me wore our
sexy underwear under our otherwise sedate school uniform.  I suspected that I
would be aware of this all day, and expected that the knowledge would keep me at
least moderately sexually alert.

That evening I went home to pack my things.  When I had finished Edgar helped me
to carry my bags over to Terry's place, whilst Terry helped Tessa to carry her's
to mine.

When I had my things safely installed in Tessa's bedroom, I went down to the
living room to where Terry waited for me.  I was still dressed in my school
clothes, sneakers, bobby socks, black skirt to just below my knees, and white
blouse under which, of course was my new sexy underwear.  Terry was not alone,
his stepfather, Frank, was waiting with him.

"So this is the young lady you were telling me about.  I can see why you want
her; she's very attractive, just like her mother.  Well, girl, you're over
dressed, don't you think.  From now on, as soon as you get home from school, you
will strip.  You will wear whatever is waiting for you on the table in the
hallway, if there is nothing there, and then you will remain naked. Now strip."

I was so embarrassed. All though I had surmised that Terry's Step dad was into
this, Tessa had given no indication to me that he would be around when I got in
from school, or that he would be giving me orders or expecting me to show myself
off in front of him.  I had thought he might be involved in some capacity, but
that I would primarily be living with Terry.  But I found I was excited at the
idea of being involved with an older man, one who was old enough to be my father
especially one so good looking.  He obviously took care of himself. 

I knelt to remove my sneakers and socks, one at a time.

"I love a girl who obeys immediately and gets down on her knees without being
told," Frank said to Terry.  "You seem to have found us a good one here."

They watched me as I slowly stripped down.  I removed my skirt first, and then
knelt again to remove my blouse, as Frank seemed to like me kneeling.  I left on
my bra and panties as they were very sexy with my nipples and cunt protruding
through the openings.

I looked up to see that Frank was smiling encouragement to me.  "Good girl, you
have a natural instinct for how a sex slave should act."

This underwear set was designed to reveal, rather than conceal, to enhance
rather than support.  I remembered reading somewhere that Confucius maintained
that a woman with clothes on was sexier than a woman with clothes off.  This
underwear was definitely designed with that maxim in mind.

Frank had watched me with interest, enjoying what he saw.  I knew that was so,
because the bulge in his tight pants had grown whilst I had obeyed his orders
immediately and without question.

I knelt up in the way that I had learnt was expected of me, knees apart, hands
behind me, and chest out.  Frank surveyed me for a moment. 

"Good girl, I like you and I think you are going to fit in here nicely.   Now
Terry has a little something for you."

I turned to see that Terry was holding a set of leather straps and chains
similar to those that I had worn the previous night.

"Come her, slut, and get your decorations."  I went over to him on my knees, as
I had to Frank.  When I was between his knees, he leaned forward and fastened
the neck collar on.  As he did so he looked into my eyes. "You're loving this
aren't you?  You're a natural slave slut. You're already wet." I knew he was
right, I was very excited and I could feel the wetness of my leaking fluids
soaking the crotch of my panties.

The straps were slightly different from the ones I had worn at my house. 
Instead of buckles they had a hasp fastening through which Terry proceeded to
thread a padlock.  There was no way I was going to be able to remove these
straps without the key(s) to the padlock(s).  Whilst I continued to kneel before
him he attached straps around my throat, wrists, and ankles locking them in
place with a padlock.  He had me stand up before him.  He still had several
straps left, plus a long chain.  He took a longer strap which he fastened around
my waist, securing it at the left side, again using a small padlock.  He then
produced a dildo which he made me suck before he pushed it into my open, sopping
wet cunt.  The next strap was then attached to the front of my waist strap,
pulled through my legs and fastened to the back of the waist strap and again
locked in place. This strap pushed the dildo deep into my body and separated my
cunt lips as it sank in between them. He lifted my wrists and fastened them into
the same D ring in back of the waist belt.  This meant that my arms were
slightly bent.  He took another strap and looped it around my elbows, pulling it
tight so that my elbows touched, forcing my breasts into prominence. The chain
was then clipped onto the D ring in the front centre of my neck collar and
allowed to dangle loose between my breasts. He finished of my bondage with two
tiny elastic bands which he stretched over my engorged nipples.

"There, that will keep you in you place until we are ready to make use of you
again later," Terry told me.  "Now lets get on into the lounge, Dad and I have a
few things to get on with and we prefer to be comfortable whilst we are doing
them."  Terry picked up the end of the chain and led me into the lounge with it. 
They had me kneel in the centre of the room, sat themselves comfortably on two
lounge chairs set up either side of a chess board, and proceeded to play a long
and involved chess game, leaving me to contemplate my navel, or what ever else I
felt like contemplating.

Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.

If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at

Master2124@Hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master2124


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





