BDSM Library - Parker 09 Sisters




Parker 09 Sisters
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two sisters lived in a religious family. The elder sister always liked to keep an eye on the younger one for their parents. Now the younger sister would like to fight back.

                                  PARKER9.TXT

                                    SISTERS
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

            WARNING: This story contains non-consensual intercourse,
          humiliation, d/s and just a hint of incest. If this offends
                you, READ NO FURTHER. Consider yourself warned.

         Copyright 1994 by Parker (me). Feel free to reproduce and post
               this story (unchanged of course), but be discrete.

       =================================================================

(1)  Well... I'll tell you, but you have to promise not to tell anyone else,
OK?

     Good. 

     I'm not sure where to start.

(2)  When you look at me, what do you see? A young woman, maybe in her late
teens or early twenties [maybe]; short blonde hair; cute face, nice body
[*thank you*]... but that's not all. What you see a young woman about to begin
her first year of college. You know the cliche: bright, young,
world-at-her-feet... Well, that's all true enough, I suppose. But it wasn't
always like that. Not at all.

     And that's the story...

(3)  I had what is sometimes called a "troubled youth". My parents were
ultra-religious and very strict.


(4)  Well, maybe when I say *my* parents I should be saying "our" parents,
'cause I have an older sister. Of course, they've kind've disowned her now, but
I'll get to that later.

     That's part of the story.

     Her name is Lara (mine's Julie, but of course you already know that, don't
you). She's almost a year older than me, so I guess that makes her about
nineteen now. I'm eighteen just going on nineteen. Lara looks a lot like me -
not surprising I guess, us being sisters n'all - but she's a little larger in
the body. Not fat or anything, just bigger tits and ass. Same honey blonde hair
and blue eyes though. Oh, and she likes to wear her hair in tight curls; mine's
straight. That's not important to the story, though. I really should try to
keep focused. Sorry.

(5)  Anyway... 

     I was always the type to get into trouble. You know, rebellious. Nothing
too earth-shattering, but when your parents are as strict as mine, any trouble
is too much. The biggest thing was sex. At seventeen - did I mention that the
story took place just over a year ago? - I was already sexually active. Lost my
virginity at fifteen and never looked back. 'Course, I never let my parents get
wind of that. I got into enough trouble for minor things like skipping school,
staying out late or even wearing makeup, but if they ever found out about the
sex... well, I would've been out on my ass in no time. As I said, my parents
bought the whole religion thing hook, line and sinker.

     Sex before marriage? 
     Sin.
     Birth control? 
     Sin.
     Abortion? 
     Murder.

(6)  I was clever though, and they never knew. Lara, however...

(7)  Well, maybe I should tell you a little bit about Lara, so you can
understand what happened. Where I was the rebellious child (the 'problem
child', so to speak), she always conformed. You know the type: perfect grades;
medals at sports; after-school job. Never questioning or disobeying our
parents. I don't think that she had ever even had a boyfriend, much less kissed
anyone. In other words, she was completely different from me.

     We were just about to enter our last year at highschool in the coming fall
(I just made the age cutoff for enrolment, making me the youngest person in my
grade all through school). Our parents had set aside a trust fund for
university tuition and living, but there was only enough money for one person.
It was made very clear to me who that person would be. Lara was their little
darling, and there was no doubt that the money would go to her; as for me...
well, I was a barely tolerated nuisance.

     Well, I was a bit wild, but the fact was, a large part of the reason why I
was always getting into trouble was Lara. My parents aren't very bright - I did
say they were religious, didn't I? - and I was usually clever enough get away
with whatever I wanted. It was Lara who was always watching. She was the one
who would catch me and turn me in; letting them know what I'd been up to.
Always making certain that she was the favourite child. She was the biggest
tattle-tale a sister could ever hate.

     And I did hate her.

     Still do.

(8)  That summer - like I said, this took place a little over a year ago - Lara
and I ended up staying together at the family cabin up at Fish Lake. Usually we
weren't allowed to stay there without adults, but dad had to be back in the
city for a big meeting or something and mom said we could stay.

     Of course, Lara was put in charge.

     "Now you obey your sister young lady," mom ordered.

     I nodded, doing my best to look sincere. 

     As if. 

     A guy from highschool - Frank Harris - was staying at his family's cabin
about half a mile away. We'd dated a couple times during the school year, but
my parents had put an abrupt stop to it when they discovered that he was black.
(Did I mention that my parents were bigots?) Once again, it had been Lara who
had broken that choice bit of news.

     I was planning on a bit of a reunion. 

     Of course, there was Lara.

     "You heard her," she said, oh-so-superior as we watched our parents drive
away. "You step out of line and I'll be phoning home so quick your head will
spin."

     Again, I nodded. 

     That was Lara, alright.

(9)  Sure enough, when Frank came by the next day, she was immediately on the
phone to mom and dad: "Julie's seeing that black guy again." When dad was
through yelling at me over the line, I was grounded for a month, and it felt
like my ear was going to fall off. All through it, Lara just smiled at me from
across the room.

     Bitch...

(10) Sorry. 

     I haven't really thought about it for a while now, and it still makes me
so mad.

(11) Things changed not too long after that.

     After a few days, Lara started hanging around with a couple of girls from
the neighbouring cottages. She was not really friends with them, but I guess
she just got sick of spending time with a younger sister who wouldn't even
speak with her.

     What did she expect after finking on my like that?

     Anyway, she went out with them, leaving me alone. After a couple of hours
of sitting around the cabin, I took my camera (I guess I should mention that it
was a polaroid) and went for a walk along the shore of the lake. As it turned
out, the camera was a stroke of luck.

     For me, anyway.

     I'd gone about a mile down the shoreline when I heard some giggling coming
from the bushes up ahead. I don't know why I did it, but at the time it made
sense to cut back through the woods and approach the sounds from cover. Good
thing I did.

     It was Lara and some other girls. One of them - not Lara - had lit a small
cigarette and was just starting to inhale. In a flash I realized... marijuana!

     AND LARA WAS THERE!!!!

     I really couldn't believe it. From where I was crouching, I could see that
Lara wasn't really happy about what was going on, but she didn't protest or
walk away. Quickly, I pulled the camera up to my face and started snapping
pictures. When the toke came around to Lara, she took it and brought it
hesitantly to her lips. I took a couple of pictures just as she sucked it in;
she had a funny look on her face, but not like she wasn't enjoying it or
anything. Right afterwards, she started coughing and choking, but I didn't take
any pictures of that. I just used up the rest of the film taking shots of the
group as the toke was passed around. Lara refused it the next time it came to
her, but she still didn't leave.

     I snuck away...

(12) That night, I showed Lara the pictures.

(13) Things went pretty much as you might have expected. At first, she tried to
bluff her way out, but we both knew that I had her. The stuff I was constantly
getting in trouble for was nothing, absolutely nothing, compared to what she
had done. Or at least appeared to have done. We both knew that our parents
would take a fit if they ever found out that their oh-so-precious angel of a
daughter had been smoking an illegal drug.

     And so I got what I wanted. Total freedom to do what I wanted at the
cabin. Stay up late; drink; and, of course, see Frank.

     And that was just what I did.

(14) Frank was big for his age.

(15) A couple of nights later, Frank and I ended up back at my parent's cabin
after spending some time at a beach party. We were both pretty drunk and were
getting drunker by the moment (Frank still had almost a full bottle of Southern
Comfort with him). We'd been going at it pretty hard at the party - you know,
necking and petting and that sort of stuff - and I think we both knew that
tonight was the night. Frank was a bit uptight, but the drinks had loosened him
up a bit.

     And me... well, I'd been ready back in school.
     
(16) Lara glared up at us from her book as we stumbled, laughing and giggling,
into the cabin. She'd been pretty quiet ever since I'd showed her the pictures,
and hadn't once tried to tell me what to do.

     There were other ways of showing disapproval, though. I'm not sure, but I
think that was why she didn't leave the front room when Frank and I came in and
flopped down together on the couch. Even when we began necking, she just sat
there, reading her book and pretending not to notice. After a while, Frank got
a little nervous about her being there, but by then I'd resolved not to budge.
I wouldn't give her the satisfaction. As far as I was concerned, she was
welcome to sit there for as long as she liked.

     Frank and I were going to have sex right there in front of her if we had
to.

(17) As I said though, Frank was a little nervous.

     "What about her?" he hissed as I unbuttoned my blouse. 

     By this time, I was more than a little annoyed with Lara. She'd stayed far
longer than I would have expected. "Don't worry about it," I answered loudly,
making certain Lara would hear, "she just likes to watch."

     "Julie!"

     Her face turned red. 

     At last, a reaction.

     "Lighten up," I told her, slurring my words a bit. "Have a drink." I
tossed her the half-empty bottle of Southern Comfort. Lara caught it, but made
a face as though she were holding something slimy or unpleasant. For some
reason, that made me mad. "Have a drink," I repeated.

     "No, thank you," she answered, in her best 'stuckup bitch' voice.

     I'd had enough. I slid off the couch and walked over to her. "Take a
drink," I ordered angrily, "or I'll be forced to show... well, you know what to
mom and dad." A look of fear came over her, but she didn't answer back. Slowly,
she undid the cap and took a swallow.

     That may have been her first taste of alcohol.

     "Another," I ordered. She obeyed, but there was something in the way she
did that just drove me wild. I can't explain it now, but I felt this wave of
anger overcome me. As she took the second drink, I reached down, grabbed her by
her curly blonde hair and held the bottle firmly in her mouth. "Drink it," I
growled. "Until I tell you to stop." She brought her hands up as though to pull
the bottle away, but quickly thought better of it; she knew what would happen
if I squealed on her about the marijuana. After a few seconds, I pulled the
bottle away from her lips. She gasped and sputtered, but didn't say anything.
When she finally regained control, I handed the bottle back to her; it was now
only a quarter full. "I'm going to fuck Frank now," I told her. "Right there on
the couch. You're going to sit there and finish the bottle. If it isn't
finished by the time we are, mom and dad will be seeing those pictures first
thing when they get back." Lara looked up at me with wide, frightened eyes

     "Julie," she whined, "I..."

     "Don't argue," I told her. "If I hear another word from you, the pictures
go public."

     Lara shut up.

     Satisfied, I left her there with the bottle and went back to the couch
where Frank waited...

(18) The sex was great.

     I ended up sitting on Frank's lap with my back against his muscular chest,
slowly sliding myself up and down... up and down on his long, black cock while
his wonderful hands slowly massaged my breasts... and my face... and my
breasts... and my neck... and my breasts...

     His cock felt so good sliding in and out of me...

     Looking back, I think of that as my first adult fuck. It was a long, slow
ride, very different from the sweaty, anxious 'back seaters' I'd experienced up
to that time. It took a while to get there, but when I eventually did, that
orgasm was like nothing I'd ever felt before: a warm, tidal rush of pleasure
that radiated out from my lower belly and spread throughout my body.

     It seemed to last forever.

(19) But it didn't of course.

     When I finally came down, I found myself still on Frank's lap. His cock
was still rigidly pumping in and out of my pussy. He was picking up speed, just
about to come.

     Just about to come!

     "Frank," I cried, pushing myself up off his cock. "Don't do it inside. Not
inside." I wasn't protected - my parents would have thrown a fit if I'd asked
for birth control pills - and Frank wasn't wearing a condom. I wouldn't take
the risk of becoming pregnant.

     "No," he mumbled thickly, pretty drunk "I wanna come inside." He grabbed
my naked shoulders and pulled me back down on his lap. I tried to squirm away,
telling him 'no', but he wouldn't listen; he was too close to coming to reason
with.

     Now scared, I looked over at Lara for help. She'd finished the bottle like
I had ordered, and was just sitting there, obviously drunk. Useless bitch. No
help there.

     Unless...

(20) I don't know why I did it; at the time, it seemed to be the only way to
keep him from coming inside me.

(21) "Frank." I finally managed to squirm free of his grasp. His cock, still
rock hard, left a sticky trail of pussy juice and pre-cum along my leg as I
slid off his lap. "You can do it inside, but not me. Do it with Lara!"

     "Lara?" He looked over at my older sister where she sat blankly on the
chair.

     "Yes." I ran over and grabbed her by the hair. She squealed in pain as I
pulled, dropping the empty bottle, but didn't otherwise resist. I don't think
she realized what was happening. The booze must have hit her hard. "Help me," I
ordered, pulling Lara over to the couch by her hair. Frank at last seemed to
understand what I was going on about. He still looked a little puzzled, but he
helped me wrestle Lara to the couch and then held her down while I undid and
then pulled off her skirt.

     "J-Julie!" At last she seemed to be waking up a bit. She began to struggle
and squirm as I pulled her panties down her long legs and then moved over to
lie on her chest.

     "Do it," I cried. By now, I was more than a little excited at the prospect
of seeing my bitch of an older sister get fucked. Frank hesitated for a second,
but the alcohol and lust overcame his inhibitions. He fell to his knees on the
couch between her flailing legs. Lara tried to wriggle free, but I used my
weight to hold her down while Frank forced her legs further apart. Grunting
with the effort, he bent forward and shoved his hard, glistening cock straight
into her exposed pussy with one thrust.

     Lara went nuts!

     She bucked and heaved wildly, screeching with pain, but between us, Frank
and I were able to hold her down. Frank didn't fuck her for a couple of
minutes; he just held on while she struggled uselessly, riding her like he
would ride a bucking horse. At last, her strength began to fade and she settled
down a bit. Frank immediately began moving his hips, sawing his cock in and out
of her pussy.

     She began screeching again.

(22) Lara was - had been - a virgin.

(23) I stared down at my sister's agonized face as Frank fucked her. From where
I lay on top of her chest, I could see her eyes widen as she fully realized
what was happening to her. She had started crying during the struggle, and the
tears now flowed freely down her face.

     I can't tell you how much this turned me on.

     I couldn't help myself. I reached down and licked her cheek, lapping up a
salt tear. Lara opened her mouth to say something - to protest - but no words
came out. For once, my stuck up bitch of an older sister had nothing to say.
She just gasped and moaned, squirming beneath us, as Frank fucked his big cock
in and out of her inexperienced pussy.

(24) I'm not gay. 

     Not that I have anything against being gay.

     But I like men.

     Still, there was something about Lara's face... the pain and humiliation
that was irresistible.

(25) Once again, I couldn't help myself; I moved my face over and put my lips
against hers, opening my mouth to kiss her. She groaned and tried to turn away,
but I just followed her face from side to side. Eventually, I trapped her face
against the back of the couch. I held my lips firmly against her mouth until
she opened it with a quiet moan of defeat; my tongue immediately snuck out and
ventured between her lips and into her mouth. She seemed to relax a bit, and
allowed me to kiss her.

     In fact, I was running my tongue along the back of her front teeth when
Frank came. I felt him stiffen and grunt behind me. Lara bucked and tried to
close her mouth, mumbling something that sounded like 'no', but I just kept
kissing her. Frank pumped wildly for a few moments, and then held still,
shooting a load of cum into her. The feel of her cries and moans on my lips was
wonderful.

     Wonderful...

(26) Lara rolled off the couch, threw up all over the floor and then stumbled,
still crying, into the bedroom. I looked over at Frank, who sat, panting, on
the couch.

     "How's that," I asked, "for birth control."

(27) Half an hour later, Frank was hard again. 

     And still big for his age.

     I was still sore from the first fucking, but in my drunken state, I knew
what to do. After rubbing his cock into full erection, I led him into the
bedroom where Lara, half-conscious, lay sprawled on the bed. She began to cry
when we climbed onto the bed, but didn't put up a real struggle. She was too
far gone - maybe too drunk - to fight. This time, I just had Frank fuck her
from the beginning, while I played with her breasts and forced her to neck with
me. Every time she balked, I just squeezed a nipple until she gave in. By the
time Frank came - inside her again - we sisters were going at it hot and heavy.

     I admit that it may seem a bit strange, us being sisters n'all, but what
can I say? She had a great tongue.

(28) During the course of the next three days before our parents arrived at the
cabin, Lara and I fucked Frank five more times. I saw Lara always got the cum.
The thought of using my older sister as a form of birth control - some kind of
living condom - was... well, I can't describe it.

     Funny. I would have expected her to put up more of a fight. I guess the
first couple of fuckings broke her a bit. And, every time she balked at
anything, I just threatened to use the pictures.

     The last time was my favourite. After Frank and I fucked for a while, we
stretched her out on her hands and knees across a small footstool. Frank fucked
her from behind while I jammed my pussy into her face. She didn't like that
much, but I just threatened to have Frank fuck her in the ass. She began
licking almost immediately.

     And so Frank and I necked and fondled each other while Lara - our little
"birth control device", as I had begun calling her - took Frank's cock from
behind and licked my pussy from the front. Frank and I came at the same time.

     It must have been love.

(29) I put Lara to work cleaning the cabin, and by the time our parents
arrived, things were back to normal. I thought - was afraid - that Lara might
blurt everything out to them, but she didn't. In fact, she was silent the whole
trip back to the city.

     Maybe she thought it was over.

(30) Back to school.

     Lara quickly settled into her former habits at school and at home, usually
ignoring me except to get me in trouble whenever she could. I dunno; my only
guess is that she somehow pushed the question of the rapes and the pictures out
of her mind. Maybe the events up at the cabin had been so traumatic that she
just wasn't able to deal with them.

     As for me, I bided my time. To tell the truth, I was a little scared about
what had happened, and I considered myself lucky to have gotten away with it.
And, of course, the pictures were always there if I needed them.

(31) It wasn't until one morning a couple of months into the school year that
it happened. As usual, I had been forced to spend several minutes banging on
the bathroom door before Lara would finish up inside. This particular morning -
in mid-October as I recall - it took her even longer to get out, and when she
did, she looked kind of sick. I didn't think much of it until it happened for
the third day in a row. On the fourth day, I didn't bang on the door; I just
stood their silently with my ear up against the door.

     Listening. 

     Sure enough, the sound of retching and vomiting could clearly be heard
from the bathroom. I remember that my first thought was that Lara might not be
finishing school that year after all.

(32) The shit hit the fan alright. 

     The first thing my parents did when they found out Lara was pregnant was
pull her from school. The pretext was some sort of family emergency (which
eventually developed into an unnamed illness), but I saw to it that word got
out as to the real reason. Within days, everyone at school knew the real reason
Lara was no longer there. Actually, at one point there was even some talk of
pulling me from school as well, but mom backed me up when I pointed out that it
was not fair that I should suffer just because Lara was a slut (I really used
that word). For once my parents backed me up over Lara. It was the beginning of
a deep change in our respective relationships.

     As for Lara, well... 

     She was more or less banished to the small room off the garage. She was
grounded of course; mom and dad wouldn't hear of her leaving the house in her
'condition'. The only thing they didn't do was kick her out of the house.

(33) After that, I didn't really have much to do with Lara for a while. Not
until that night my parents were out at a party, and Robbie came over. Robbie
Travers. Alone in the house, we did what we wanted: dancing to loud music;
drinking... Well, one thing led to another and we ended up in my bedroom.
Things got a little heavy, and we were soon half naked and ready to fuck.

     Then I had an idea.

     I explained it to Robbie. He thought it was kind of weird, but didn't
object. He wasn't like Frank; Frank was basically a pretty nice guy. Robbie, on
the other hand, came from the wrong side of the tracks if you know what I mean.

     That was one of the things I liked about him.

(34) I led him outside to the garage and to Lara's room. There was no lock on
the door, so I just turned the handle and pushed it open. As we entered, Lara
looked up from where she was lying on the bed. For some reason, she had her
hair done up in a little ponytail and had one of her old dolls lying on the bed
beside her. Weird. It made her look years younger.

     The baby didn't show yet.

     I explained what was going to happen.

     Lara began crying as I spoke, shaking her head. She even got up off the
bed and tried to leave the room, but Robbie just laughed and blocked the door.
I reached up from behind and grabbed her hair. She winced in pain as I pulled
back, but didn't struggle. "Quit snivelling you little bitch," I told her,
pushing her back down on bed. "You do what I say or I'll show them the
pictures." She continued to sob, but didn't try to get away. [Strange, now that
I think of it; how much more trouble could she possibly have been in?]
"Besides," I added, enjoying the opportunity to be cruel to her, "it doesn't
matter any more anyway. Everyone knows you're a slut."

     She knew what I meant. I'd told everyone at school about her pregnancy.
Still crying, she fell back on the bed and grabbed the doll.

     I said it was weird, didn't I?
     
(35) Anyway, Robbie and I started fucking on the bed beside her. As usual, I
came first. Then, when Robbie thought he was just about to come, he pulled out.
I watched him climb on top of Lara and helped guide his cock into her pussy.
She just lay there, crying, as he thrust wildly for about thirty seconds and
then came inside of her.

     She was still lying on the bed when we left, legs spread and a small pool
of cum congealing just under her crotch.

(36) Robbie came over a couple more times and eventually word got out.  It was
inevitable, I suppose. Before long, other guys came over - guys I didn't really
know - and wanted to fuck Lara. At first I said no, but when one of them
offered my money, I quickly changed my mind.

     For fifty bucks, anyone could fuck my slut sister.

     After a while, it became an almost nightly occurrence. I had to be careful
that my parents didn't catch on, but the small room was not directly attached
to the house, and it wasn't difficult for boys to sneak in.

     Lara fought back the first couple of times, but quickly realized that
there was nothing she could do. In fact, she would probably have gotten in even
more trouble if our parents found out about the guys. As far as mom and dad
were concerned, Lara was a 'loose woman', and there was no way they'd believe
that she was less than willing.

     Over the next few months, Lara must have been fucked by half the guys at
school. At least once each.

(37) By January, the baby was starting to show.

     I thought that would be it for the tricks - for some reason, I thought
that fucking an obviously pregnant girl would be a turn-off - but that didn't
prove to be the case. One day, a man met me on the way home from school. I was
a bit nervous at first - strange men and all - but when he explained what he
wanted, I was more than interested. Basically, he - his name was Rod, by the
way - had heard that I was pimping for a pregnant girl. He wanted to use her,
both for sex and for pictures. Well, it sounded a bit weird, but the money was
great! Much better than selling her off night by night to highschool kids.

     And so, that's what Lara did for the next few months. The business from
the younger guys trailed off, and I didn't even use her for birth control any
more (by this time, I'd bought my own pills).

     Three times a week, Rod would come over with his camera and other stuff. I
sat in on a couple of sessions. If you think I'm weird, you should've seen him.
I remember that Rod seemed to like fucking Lara from behind with her on all
fours. As she grew larger, he started having her 'moo' like a cow. Strange, but
a real turn on. The sight of my bitchy sister, fat and bloated with pregnancy,
being forced to utter long, miserable 'mooo's while being fucked from behind
was... well, let's just say the image was never far from my mind.

     I guess it was never far from Rod's either. He videotaped almost every
session.

(38) Still, all good things come to an end.

     The baby was born in mid-June. Rod said that was a little late, but he
didn't seem to mind the opportunity to enjoy his fat little girl-cow for a
couple of extra weeks.

     And I didn't mind the money.

(39) The baby, of course, was black. Not completely black, as it was as much
Lara's baby as Frank's, but it was most definitely a negro. A little negro boy.

     Well, that was enough for my parents. More than enough. For one of their
daughters to have sex and get pregnant out of wedlock was an almost
unimaginable shame (oh, however would they hold up their heads in church on
sundays?), but a black baby!?!

     Impossible. 

     Lara was no child of theirs.

     To make a long story short (well, too late already; I hope I'm not boring
you), Lara and the baby were kicked out of the house, sent to live in a welfare
house for unwed mothers.

     Disowned. 

     I became their only daughter.

(40) Did I mention the trust fund?

     Well, it turned out that it was worth a little more than my parents had
originally thought. And it all went to me. I was the one going to college now.

(41) The first thing I did with the money was move out. I was going to be
attending Bakersville College North in the fall, so I rented the main floor and
basement of a house on the outskirts of Bakersville; a wonderful six hours by
car from home.

     And my parents.

     Of course, I took Lara with me. She had been living on welfare for the
last few months, and the welfare office was more than happy to have me take her
off their hands. So happy, they didn't even seem to care when she protested
that she didn't want to go. They said she'd lost the right to object. In a
small town, word gets out, and I guess they had better things to do than spend
money on a slut who's stupid enough not to use birth control.

     Especially with a black baby.

(42) So, that's the story. 

     You know the rest. I let Lara and the baby live downstairs in the my small
basement. It gets a bit cold sometimes, but she has blankets. And she has more
than paid for her upkeep in the last couple of months; college kids have more
money than highschool kids, and seem to be even hornier, if that's possible.

     And Lara is cheap as hookers go. 

     She looks a little different now. I've had her grow her hair and tie it up
in ponytails all the time. It makes her look a lot younger, and the clients
seem to like it. Especially when they first see her lying on the bed with her
little doll...

(43) Of course, I still use her as birth control. The thought of her taking a
load of sperm in her pussy in order to protect me from pregnancy is delicious.

     In fact - well, I shouldn't really be telling you this but... - she's
pregnant again! I've been meaning to give Rod a call. I'm sure he'll be
interested.

(44) I hope it's a niece this time.

                                    THE END
       =================================================================
    As usual, all comments are appreciated. I can be reached as P or Parker.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





