BDSM Library - The Passionate Prisoners




The Passionate Prisoners
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In this book, we intend to examine the implications of erotic bondage by the use of case histories.  We will examine bondage as practiced by married couples, singles, and groups. Written in documentary style.
     This story is fiction, and should be treated as such.
     The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY,
and contains descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are not an
adult, or reading sex stories upset you, do not read any further.




                     The Passionate Prisoners
                           By Will Henry


                    Introduction by the Author

     "My husband and I often employ bondage as a form of foreplay, 
and we have found that it invariably makes the sex that follows 
all the more exciting!"
     The above comment by an attractive young housewife in the 
under-thirty age group illustrates the growing acceptance of 
erotic bondage in the era of the sexual revolution.  For many 
years, a relatively small number of sexual sophisticates has 
understood the erotic implications of bondage.  However, it has 
been only in recent years that bondage has achieved widespread 
appeal among the sexually knowledgeable.  What accounts for this 
change of attitude?  In the author's opinion, there are a number 
of reasons why bondage has achieved its current popularity.
     In the first place, we are living, as I mentioned before, in 
the era of the sexual revolution.  Thus, today, the average person 
has a much greater knowledge of the highways and byways of human 
sexuality.  Not surprisingly, this increased knowledge has been 
accompanied by a greater desire to experiment with the so-called 
offbeat or "kinky" varieties of sex.  As a result, many modern 
couples both married and unmarried have experimented with bondage.  
As might be expected, some have discarded it; but others have 
become bondage enthusiasts.  Such bondage fans often build up 
extensive collections of pillories, leather straps, discipline 
helmets, and numerous other paraphernalia associated with erotic 
bondage.
     There are various reasons why bondage has such a grip on its 
followers.  At the level of purely conscious experience, we must 
recognize that bondage has great esthetic appeal.  Erotic and 
often exotic clothing is an essential item at nearly all bondage 
sessions.  Thus, the feminine victim may wear black brassiere, 
panties, and garter belt together with sheer black nylon stockings 
and spike-heeled shoes or exotic boots.  She may wear long, black 
kid gloves or other items made of leather or rubber, and will 
sometimes even wear a complete outfit made of such items.  In the 
reverse situation, where the female plays the role of the 
aggressor, she will be expected to dress for the role.  Sleek 
boots, either knee or thigh length, are quite common apparel in 
such situations, along with other items made of leather or rubber.  
The masculine victim may be required to don tight-fitting leather 
or rubber items of apparel, or he may even be required to wear 
feminine clothing.
     Naturally, such exotic costuming has an esthetic effect, 
particularly when worn by the female.  However, the esthetic 
appeal of bondage is not restricted to the costuming commonly 
associated with it.  For example, white clothesline rope employed 
to bind nylon-clad ankles and thighs together is esthetically 
appealing also, particularly when the victim is wearing black or 
dark nylons which make a vivid contrast with the white rope.  And 
there are numerous other examples of the esthetic appeal of 
various forms of bondage.
     In addition to its esthetic appeal, bondage has connotations 
that strongly suggest sex at a somewhat sublimated level.  An 
example will serve to make this point clear.  Among bondage fans, 
it is quite common to employ a red rubber ball strung on a dowel 
stick or rope to gag a victim.  The sight of an attractive 
feminine victim with her mouth forced wide open by such a ball, 
her face straining with obvious discomfort, produces a highly 
erotic effect on bondage fans.  The reason becomes obvious when we 
realize that the rubber ball is a phallic substitute.  Thus, the 
gagging ceremonies are a form of symbolic fellatio, and a highly 
realistic one at that.  The obvious strain on the victim's face 
duplicates that of a fellatrix attempting to accommodate a large 
penis.
     Moreover, at an unconscious level, bondage is often employed 
to reinforce traditional concepts of the role to be played by each 
sex in relation to the other.  Thus, traditionally, the male is 
expected to be the aggressor, while the female is expected to play 
the role of the submissive and yielding partner.  Where a wife or 
other feminine partner submits to bondage as a form of sexual 
foreplay, both parties are permitted to act out their fantasies in 
a way that conforms with traditional role concepts.
     While bondage is often thought to be the special interest of 
the male partner in such relationships, the gratifications for the 
female should not be overlooked.  This is particularly true where 
the female comes from a sexually conservative or repressive home 
background.  Women who come from such backgrounds are often highly 
inhibited, particularly when it comes to practicing offbeat or 
"unnatural" sex acts such as fellatio.  For such women, bondage 
serves the function of allowing her to perform such acts without 
experiencing the guilt she would otherwise feel.  When tied up and 
"forced" to indulge in such acts, she can rationalize that she had 
no free choice in the matter and therefore has no reason to feel 
guilty about it.
     In addition, there appears to be a growing number of modern 
women who enjoy bondage for quite another reason.  With the 
developing role of women in modern society, more and more women 
are obtaining responsible and even executive jobs in the world of 
business.  Many such women are somewhat troubled by the dominant, 
unfeminine role they are expected to play in such situations and, 
in their private relationships with men, they like to reassert 
their femininity by playing the traditional submissive role.  For 
such women, bondage has a strong appeal.  Thus, for example, one 
lady executive who supervises numerous men at work likes to spend 
her weekends at the rural cabin of a younger boyfriend who 
subjects her to somewhat rugged bondage sessions that she finds 
thoroughly exhilarating.  "It makes me feel like a woman again!" 
she remarked in commenting about the bondage sessions.
     Of course, not all women like to play the submissive role.  
In fact, a growing number appear to prefer acting the dominant 
role in their relationships with men.  In acting out sexual 
fantasies in situations where the male is submissive, bondage 
plays a practical and almost necessary role since it eliminates 
masculine physical superiority.  Under these circumstances, it is 
not surprising that there has been an increasing interest in 
erotic bondage in recent years.
     In this book, we intend to examine the implications of erotic 
bondage by the use of case histories.  We will examine bondage as 
practiced by married couples, singles, and groups.
     San Francisco, California February 1972
     Will Henry




                             Chapter 1
                          The Bondage Fan

     Although bondage fans come from all walks of life and have no 
particular characteristics which distinguish them as such, Dale J. 
can be considered a typical bondage fan.  A thirty-one-year-old 
bachelor, Dale has a college degree and works as a junior 
executive with a large corporation head-quartered in New York 
City.  He has been interested in bondage since his late teens, and 
has an extensive library containing most of the literature on the 
subject.  In addition, he has a large collection of bondage 
equipment which has been obtained at no little expense.  The main 
bedroom of his Manhattan apartment doubles as a bondage studio, 
and various bondage items are permanently on display along one 
wall.  Friends and casual acquaintances find the display quite 
kinky, but do not realize that most of the items have a practical 
application from time to time.
     For the past three years, Dale has shared his apartment with 
his steady girlfriend, Judy.  Like many young people, Dale and 
Judy are not opposed to marriage as an institution but do not 
consider it right for them.  Therefore, they have elected to live 
together without benefit of clergy, Judy is a leggy blonde in her 
mid-twenties who stands five feet, eight inches in her stocking 
feet and has an eye-catching 37-24-36 figure.  She comes from the 
Midwest and works as a secretary.
     Prior to becoming acquainted with Dale, Judy had had no 
experience with bondage.  In fact, she had never even heard of it.  
Dale introduced her to bondage quite slowly, and to their mutual 
delight Judy soon found it quite exciting to play the role of the 
trussed-up and completely helpless victim.  After she moved in 
with Dale, weekend bondage sessions beginning on Friday evening 
after work became a regular practice with the two of them.  During 
the past three years, Judy has acquired various costumes and items 
of clothing designed to emphasize her role as the helpless victim.
     Although no two bondage sessions are alike, a typical bondage 
session took place one Friday evening after Dale had secured an 
important promotion at work.  Before going to work that morning, 
he had as usual left detailed instructions for the type of costume 
Judy was to be wearing when he returned that evening.  He was 
therefore in an expectant mood when he unlocked his door and 
stepped into the living room.  As he expected, the lights were on 
but the room was deserted.  "Come on, let's don't play hide and 
seek!" he called out in a pleasant voice.
     It was a moment before July appeared, blushing prettily and 
looking rather meek and embarrassed.  The comely blonde had 
dressed exactly in the manner he had instructed: skin-hugging 
white cashmere sweater worn over a black brassiere, brief, black 
leather miniskirt that barely covered her hips and which was 
hemmed to end a full two inches above her tautly suspendered black 
nylon stockings, slave anklet, and expensive black leather sandals 
with four-inch spike heels that left her slender feet steeply 
arched.
     Teetering a little precariously on her spike heels, Judy 
self-consciously presented herself for inspection.  Having been 
raised in a somewhat repressive atmosphere, she had never fully 
accommodated herself to Dale's exotic ideas about costuming, and 
often found herself exquisitely embarrassed when required to 
appear in front of him in such outfits.  Dale whistled 
appreciatively as he looked her over, quickly noting the 
highlights.  The outline of her black brassiere was fully visible 
beneath her white sweater, and he found the sight quite appealing.  
And although Judy self-consciously tugged at the hem of her brief 
leather skirt, she could not conceal the intriguing display of 
black stocking tops and milk-white thighs.  Her long, full, and 
shapely legs were almost breath-catching in the black stockings 
and high-heeled sandals.
     "Please, Dale!" Judy protested, blushing warmly beneath her 
heavy makeup.  "Don't you think this outfit is a little extreme?"
     "You look great!" Dale assured her.  "I'm really in the mood 
to put you through your paces this evening!"
     Judy gulped noticeably and her knees buckled slightly.  "Now, 
please, don't be too hard on me!" she spoke in an unconvincing 
manner.  "Don't you want your dinner first?"
     Dale shook his head.  "No. Why don't we go out for a late 
dinner afterwards?  I'm anxious to get started!"
     "All right," Judy answered meekly, looking rather alarmed as 
Dale stepped toward her.
     Dale gave her leather-clad bottom a familiar smack with his 
bare hand.  "Let's go into the bedroom, young lady!" he ordered as 
if he were speaking to a naughty child.
     Looking reluctant and keeping her eyes demurely averted, Judy 
quietly accompanied him to the bedroom.  From past experience, she 
knew that she would be given no advance notice of what was in 
store for her and that any suggestions from her would not be 
appreciated.  Since no two sessions were ever alike, she always 
had to contend with the fear of the unknown.
     "Put your gloves on," Dale instructed as soon as they entered 
the bedroom.  He pointed to the long, black kid gloves lying on 
the dresser.  Judy slowly began working the gloves on and required 
some assistance from him to get the job done.  The skin-tight 
gloves covered her elbows and reached nearly to the short sleeves 
of her white sweater.  The black leather gloves made a striking 
contrast with her white sweater, and made her bondage costume all 
the more appealing.
     "Put your hands out, palms and forearms together!" Dale 
instructed.
     Judy obeyed in a somewhat tentative manner, watching closely 
to see what would happen next.  Taking a length of white 
clothesline rope, Dale quickly tied her wrists and forearms 
together in a tight but unrestricting manner.  Although her gloved 
fingers were free to move about, Judy could see that escape was 
impossible.
     "Dale, I wish you'd tell me what..", Judy's voice trailed off 
as he shot her a warning glance.
     "You know what happens to girls who talk too much!" he 
reminded her.
     "Please, Dale!  Not a helmet!" Judy pleaded, already 
suspecting that it was too late to save her blond head from one of 
his discipline helmets.
     Dale walked over to the closet to pick out a leather 
discipline helmet for his pretty girlfriend.  He possessed several 
such helmets in various styles which he had acquired over a length 
of time.  This time he selected a brown leather helmet which 
opened with a zipper down the back and had openings only for the 
mouth and nostrils.  In addition, it was heavily padded at the 
ears to severely limit the wearer's hearing.
     "Oh, please, Dale!" Judy pleaded in an urgent voice.  
"Please, not that!  It's so uncomfortable!"
     Dale paid no attention to her pleas and in a moment Judy's 
blond head began to disappear into the brown leather helmet.  
Making sure that it was fitted into place properly and that her 
blond hair was gathered completely inside the helmet, Dale pulled 
the zipper to completely enclose her head within the helmet.  The 
bizarre leather garment fit her head quite tightly, distinctly 
outlining her features.  Completely deprived of all sight and 
normal hearing, Judy stood haplessly awaiting her ordeal.
     Dale quickly produced a red rubber ball strung on a dowel 
stick with ropes at each end, and pressed it against Judy's lips.  
With a resigned sigh, Judy meekly opened her pretty mouth as far 
as she could to receive the unwelcome object.  Without further 
ado, Dale shoved the rubber ball between her lips and teeth.
     "Mmmmm!" Judy's moan of despair sounded low and faraway as 
the ball forced her jaws uncomfortably far apart.
     Stepping behind her, Dale quickly and efficiently tied the 
two ropes firmly at the back of her neck, thereby forcibly 
implanting the gag in her mouth and making it impossible for her 
to voluntarily expel it.  Deprived of all sight, hearing, and the 
ability to communicate verbally, Judy stood meekly helmeted and 
gagged.  Although the bizarre helmet totally concealed her pretty 
blond head, in some strange and exotic manner it seemed to make 
her all the more appealing.
     Dale brought out a fifteen-foot length of clothesline rope 
and securely fastened one end of it to the bonds at Judy's wrists.  
Stepping up on the bed, he then worked the opposite end of the 
rope through a small hook in the ceiling.  Stepping down to the 
floor, he slowly began pulling on the rope to take up the slack.  
Imprisoned in the private world created by the helmet, Judy had no 
idea what he was doing until she felt her arms being pulled 
upward.  In a moment, Judy's arms were pulled out straight and 
Dale was beginning to feel her weight against the rope.
     "Mmmmmmm!" Judy tried to protest through the gag, as her arms 
were pulled up quite uncomfortably and she found herself standing 
on her toes.
     Making sure that Judy's spike heels were no longer in contact 
with the floor and that she was completely up on her toes, Dale 
quickly tied the rope to one of several hooks he had installed in 
the baseboard around the room.
     "Mmmmmmm!" Judy murmured through her gag, shaking her 
helmeted head in a negative manner in a futile effort to protest 
the decidedly uncomfortable position.
     Dale paused for a moment to cast an appreciative glance at 
his attractive and totally helpless prisoner.  Her long and 
shapely body strained to the utmost, the grotesquely helmeted and 
gagged young woman made a beautiful bondage subject.  As she stood 
high on tiptoe, the lithe muscles in her long and gorgeous legs 
were stretched tautly and rippled beautifully beneath her black 
nylons.  Dale could feel his excitement rising as his eyes moved 
from her helmeted head down to the visible outline of her black 
brassiere and then down to her long, nylon-clad legs.
     Totally helpless and completely at his mercy, Judy knew that 
she was helpless to protect herself from the tormenting that was 
soon to come.  Blindfolded by the gag, she didn't know what to 
expect until suddenly she felt masculine hands on her breasts.  
Dale manipulated her well-filled brassiere in a deliberately 
familiar manner designed both to torment and embarrass her.
     "Mmmmm!" Judy's muffled outburst revealed surprise and a 
trace of excitement.
     Dale abruptly dropped his hands from her breasts and cupped 
them around her girlishly plump posterior.  Blushing warmly 
beneath her helmet, Judy wriggled prettily as she felt his hands 
squeezing and fondling her comely bottom in a deliberately 
provocative manner.  The pretty young woman realized all too well 
that he might decide to spank her, and that there would be no way 
in the world to stop him.
     After tormenting her with his hands for a couple of minutes, 
Dale unfastened her leather miniskirt and allowed it to fall to 
the floor at her feet.  As instructed, she was wearing expensive 
black panties and garter belt that matched her brassiere.  
Dropping to one knee in front of her, he worked the skirt free 
from her feet and tossed it aside.  Taking another length of 
clothesline rope, he began tying her trim ankles together quite 
securely.  The white rope stood out starkly against her black 
nylons, creating a thoroughly pleasing effect.  Next, he took 
another length of rope and used it to bind her thighs together 
just above the knees.  With the two lengths of rope forcing her 
long legs tightly together, Judy felt all the more helpless and 
under his domination.
     "Mmmmmm!" Judy tried to convey her sense of discomfort to her 
unseen tormentor, but the rubberball gag forcibly held between her 
teeth made her unintelligible.
     "We've only started, baby!" Dale replied, although he 
realized he was really speaking to himself since the heavy padding 
over her ears sealed off her normal hearing completely.
     To torment his comely victim all the more, Dale brought out a 
metal-studded leather dog collar which had a five-foot-long 
leather leash attached to it.  He quickly snapped the collar in 
place around her white neck.  Although completely deprived of her 
vision, Judy quickly discerned that once again she had been 
confined in that humiliating dog collar and haplessly shook her 
helmeted head from side to side in futile protest.
     Dale pulled the leash downward between the cleavage of her 
breasts and allowed his hands to explore the front of her black 
panties.  Their dampness revealed that her discomfort was mixed 
with arousal.  Pulling the elastic waistband of her panties 
outward for a moment, he slid the end of the leash inside her 
panties and worked it down into the pretty tuft of moist hair.
     "Mmmmmmmm!" Judy's high-pitched squeal was muffled by her 
gag.  Realizing only too well what her bondage master had in mind 
for her, the pretty young woman vigorously shook her helmeted head 
in a negative manner and continued trying to make her feelings 
known verbally despite the gag.
     Dale stepped behind her and allowed himself a moment to 
contemplate her prettily rounded, pantie-clad buttocks.  Girlishly 
plump but not too heavy, the two pretty hemispheres expanded the 
thin black panties to the limit.  Dale pulled the waistband of the 
panties outward at the small of her back and inserted his right 
hand.  With deliberate slowness be slid his hand along the velvety 
smoothness of her buttocks into the moist tuft of hair.
     "Mmmmmm!" Judy moaned with a mixture of fear and delight, as 
she felt his masculine fingers exploring her most intimate parts.  
The prettily helmeted young woman could not refrain from wriggling 
as much as her bonds would permit, and was only too well aware 
that the telltale moisture that betrayed her inner feelings was 
soaking her tormentor's hand.
     Dale's exploring fingers discovered the tip of the leash and 
he pulled it backward between her legs, allowing the smooth 
leather to brush against her vulva.  Judy moaned and continually 
shook her head to show her opposition to the torments he was 
inflicting upon her, although she knew from past experience that 
her appeals would be in vain.  Dale pulled the tip of the leash up 
snugly between the crevice of her satiny buttocks and released the 
waistband of her panties to hold it in place.  The end of the 
leash remained sticking out of the waistband of her panties in a 
manner somewhat resembling a tail.
     "Mmmmmmmm!" Judy groaned audibly through the gag.  The 
thoroughly helpless young woman was keenly aware of the chafing 
and humiliating leash resting against her most intimate and 
sensitive parts, and tried not to think about its potential for 
bizarre torment.
     Next, Dale began rolling Judy's white sweater up both in 
front and back, working it up in a neatly rolled fashion until her 
black brassiere was full on display.  Confining and molding Judy's 
lush thirty-seven-inch bosom, the steeply pointed cups of Judy's 
brassiere stuck out saucily and invitingly.  Massaging the two 
plump hemispheres in a deliberately familiar manner that left Judy 
moaning and squirming, Dale was tempted to remove the brassiere 
but decided against it.  There were times when he thought a 
brassiere was much more erotically appealing than the no-bra look, 
and this was such a time.
     Lighting a cigarette, Dale decided to take time out to 
contemplate his helplessly trussed-up victim.  Strung up before 
him with her arms extended full length and her toes barely 
touching the floor, the long and shapely young blonde was a 
picture of delight for the bondage connoisseur.  Inspecting her 
carefully, Dale did not overlook a single detail of his handiwork: 
the brown leather helmet that tightly molded her head, the red 
rubber ball forced between her pretty white teeth, the metal-
studded dog collar clasped tightly around her neck and the leash 
that disappeared into her black panties and emerged in back, and 
the two white ropes that confined her long, shapely, nylon-clad 
legs.  It had been one of his better efforts, and he decided that 
he had better capture the scene on his Polaroid before continuing 
with the session.
     For her part, Judy could only wait in an agony of suspense 
and wonder what ordeal he had in mind for her next.  Every muscle 
in her lithe young body seemed cramped, and she wondered how much 
longer she could endure the strain of being strung up as if she 
were on a gibbet.  The total deprivation of sight, hearing, and 
voice forced her to live in a world apart, having no control 
whatsoever over what happened to her, and compelling her to 
torment herself by thinking of the things he might do to her.
     "You'll enjoy these shots later on, honey!" Dale remarked 
idly, as he took several shots of his helpless girlfriend at 
various angles.
     Setting the camera aside, Dale decided that it was time for 
something different.  First, he released the rope that held her 
suspended in the air by unfastening the knot at the baseboard.  
Judy gratefully sank back on her heels and quickly lowered her 
gloved arms, which by this time felt almost completely numb from 
elbows to fingertips.  Dale unfastened the rope attached to the 
bonds at her wrists and tossed it aside.
     Next, he removed the bonds at her wrists.  However, her 
gloved arms remained free only for a moment for he quickly retied 
them behind her back.  This time he employed two leather straps, 
using one at the elbows and the other at her wrists, to tie her 
arms together in a manner that left her elbows in contact with one 
another.  This forced her to thrust her prominent bosom forward 
even more, leaving her steeply pointed bra cups pointed upward at 
a steep angle.
     Standing slightly behind her and to her right, Dale grasped 
the strap at her elbows to help balance her.  With his free hand, 
he then grasped the tip of the leash that protruded from the 
waistband of her panties and began pulling upward in a gentle but 
firm manner.
     "Mmmmmmm!" Judy gasped with protest as the leather leash 
began to exert pressure against her vulva and buttocks.  Shaking 
her helmeted head vigorously from side to side, she tried to make 
him desist from tormenting her in such a humiliating and 
uncomfortable manner.  Watching his squirming subject carefully, 
Dale continued pulling upward on the leash.  Groaning beneath the 
gag and wriggling furiously, Judy futilely tried to escape from 
the continually increasing pressure of the strap.  Finally, the 
tormented and nearly frantic young woman realized that she had 
only one chance.  Despite her precariously high heels and the 
bonds on her legs, Judy began to hop around the room much in the 
manner of a frightened bunny.
     Keeping a firm grip on the strap at her elbows so that she 
would not fall, Dale watched his prettily hopping girlfriend with 
great pleasure, and kept the leash drawn tight between her legs so 
that she would have no choice but to continue hopping in that 
undignified manner.  Her plump, pantie-clad bottom jouncing nicely 
and her nylon-encased legs flashing, Judy gasped somewhat 
breathlessly through her gag and continually tried to protest by 
wildly shaking her helmeted head in a negative manner.  Watching 
her undignified performance closely, Dale escorted her back and 
forth around the room.  The pressure between her legs forcing her 
to hop against her will, Judy felt a mixture of humiliation and 
sexual excitement at being so completely under his power.  The 
leather leash was sliding back and forth between the lips of her 
vulva, tormenting her in a manner that was both uncomfortable and 
exciting. 
     Dale did not relax the pressure until it became apparent that 
his attractive victim was totally exhausted and out of breath.  
When he finally released the leash, Judy stopped dead in her 
tracks and slowly sank to her knees on the floor to catch her 
breath.  Dale took time out to enjoy another cigarette and to 
contemplate the shapely bondage victim who knelt helmeted and 
totally bound in front of him.  While trying to catch her breath, 
Judy continually attempted to communicate with him but her gagged 
words were quite unintelligible.  Dale, finding her muted appeals 
quite intriguing, kept a steady gaze on his helpless girlfriend.
     After finishing his cigarette, Dale decided that it was time 
to torment her some more.  Seating himself on the side of the bed, 
he began pulling the helpless young woman face down over his 
knees.
     "Mmmmmmm!" Judy, instantly realizing that he intended to 
spank her, haplessly tried to protest through her rubber-ball gag.  
Almost instinctively, she tried to struggle against the bonds that 
confined her arms and legs, but there was no chance of freeing 
herself.
     With little difficulty, Dale managed to pull his attractive 
victim into position over his knees, her long, nylon-clad legs up 
on the bed and in full view.  Her girlishly buxom, pantie-clad 
bottom wriggled anxiously over his lap, the tip of the leather 
leash still protruding somewhat grotesquely from the waistband of 
her panties.  To hold her in position, Dale grasped the end of the 
leash with his left hand and gave it a slight tug to take out the 
slack.  Feeling the sudden pressure from the strap against her 
vulva and inside the crevice of her buttocks, Judy shuddered with 
a mixture of fear and excitement at having her helpless body 
controlled in such a bizarre manner.
     With his free right hand, Dale slowly began working her black 
panties down.  Contrasting vividly with her black panties, her 
pink-white buttocks were thoroughly breath-catching as they slowly 
came into view.  Perfectly rounded and femininely plump, the two 
satiny smooth mounds wriggled and flexed in pretty anxiety as Dale 
slipped the panties down to the tops of her stockings.  Feeling 
the soft breeze from the nearby window against her bare charms, 
Judy moaned softly through her gag and tried to brace herself for 
the spanking to come.
     Slap!  Dale applied the first spank quite lightly squarely 
across her right buttock, letting his hand remain in place for a 
moment afterward.  The spank stung mildly, and Judy squirmed with 
embarrassment and excitement as she felt his masculine palm 
resting familiarly on her exposed bottom.  The pretty young 
secretary always found it exquisitely humiliating to be spanked 
like a small child, yet her mortification was always mixed with 
sensual arousal.
     Judy's right buttock was slightly pink when Dale finally 
raised his right hand.  Slap!  The second introductory spank 
landed on her left buttock, and once again Judy wriggled prettily 
across his lap.  To torment her all the more, he kept a firm grip 
on the leather leash between her legs, constantly applying 
pressure to her most intimate parts.  Forced to move in unison by 
the ropes at her knees and ankles, Judy's nyloned legs swung back 
prettily as if to protest the violation of her curvaceous 
buttocks.
     Smack!  The third spank landed with a crisp smacking noise 
squarely across the crevice of her buttocks.
     "Mmmmmm!" Judy's high-pitched squeal was muffled by her gag 
but still quite audible.  Jerking her helmeted head back both with 
surprise and pain, the helpless young woman squirmed involuntarily 
and unintentionally managed to pull the leather leash tighter 
between her legs.  Although the helmet totally blindfolded her, 
she instinctively turned her face back over her shoulder in a 
futile effort to plead with him to stop.
     Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Working slowly and systematically, 
Dale began spanking her plump buttocks with crisp but not brutally 
hard spanks.  Each smack produced a muffled yelp and a pretty, 
almost snakelike wriggle from his comely victim.  In a few 
moments, Judy's cute bottom was a light shade of pink on both 
cheeks and it was quite apparent that the spanks were beginning to 
raise the temperature of her pretty nates.
     "Mmmmmm!  Mmmmmmm!" Judy tried to protest, although she knew 
only too well that she would have to take it as long as he chose.
     Smack!  Smack!  Dale's right hand continued to mete out 
punishment to Judy's inviting buttocks, while his left hand 
maneuvered the strap between her legs to torment her all the more.  
By this time, Judy's pretty bottom was prickling and itching in a 
thoroughly irritating manner and feeling quite warm and 
oversensitive.  Tears formed in her eyes and she found herself 
kicking her legs merrily back and forth.
     "Mmmmm!  Mmmmmmmm!" Judy's muffled appeals sounded all the 
more urgent.
     Slap!  Smack!  Dale carefully spread the spanks around on her 
nicely wide and rotund posterior, watching the flesh turn from 
pink to light rose.  From time to time, he paused to observe the 
intriguing spectacle in front of him.  In his opinion, there was 
nothing more appealing than a young woman in bondage squirming her 
spank-reddened bottom and kicking shapely, nyloned legs back and 
forth.  Judy's performance did not disappoint him.  Wriggling 
furiously as the heat continued to build in her attractive bottom, 
the helmeted and helpless young woman swung her bound, nylon-clad 
legs back and forth in a frantic dance that often left spike heels 
pointed toward the ceiling.
     "Mmmmmm!  Mmmmmmmmm!" Judy's muffled outcries mixed pain and 
excitement.  The tight-fitting helmet prevented her tears from 
draining away properly, leaving her face wet and making her feel 
all the more miserable.  Driven almost beyond endurance by the 
burning, smarting spanks and the leather leash that continually 
tormented her most tender areas, the helpless young woman tossed 
about wildly on his lap.  She was soaking wet between the legs and 
that was apparent to both of them.
     Smack!  Smack!  Slap!  The continually increasing heat in her 
buttocks made each fresh spank more painful than its predecessor, 
and produced a correspondingly greater reaction from the hapless 
young victim.  Gloved fingers clawed furiously in a futile effort 
to protect their owner's burning spank-spot, but there was nothing 
she could do to secure the slightest relief for herself.  Gasping 
and at times fearing that she was going to choke on the gag, Judy 
sobbed heavily in her helmet and frantically jerked her hips back 
and forth on his lap in a mixture of anguish and arousal.
     Dale finally paused to assess the results of his efforts.  
Judy's lovely buttocks were now an intriguing scarlet all over, 
and it was quite apparent that she had had enough for the time 
being.  Pausing for a long moment to enjoy the combined effects of 
bondage, scarlet buttocks, and long, stocking-clad legs, Dale 
lifted his tearful victim to her feet.  She was quite weak in the 
knees and would have fallen had he not supported her.
     Pulling a plain, straight-backed chair out to the middle of 
the room, he seated her on the chair with her gloved and bound 
arms draped over the back.  As soon as her bare and freshly 
smacked buttocks came into contact with the hard wooden chair, 
Judy let out a muffled yell and attempted to get to her feet.  
Easily keeping her under control, Dale pushed her back down 
against the seat and held her there.  A length of clothesline rope 
tied around her waist and the back of the chair forced her to 
remain seated on the uncomfortable chair.  To immobilize her 
further, he fastened a length of rope to the bonds at her ankles 
and attached it to the back rung of the chair, thereby pulling her 
feet well back under the chair and making it impossible for her to 
move her legs.
     After securely confining his whimpering victim to the chair, 
Dale lost no time in working the leash back between her legs once 
again.  Judy squirmed miserably in her seat as she felt the 
leather once again brushing against her most intimate parts, and 
tried to protest this bizarre mistreatment by negatively shaking 
her helmeted head.  Paying no heed to her pleas, Dale stepped 
behind her and pulled the leash tautly between the crevice of her 
buttocks.  Judy arched her back and wriggled frantically as he 
fastened the leash to the strap at her wrists in a manner that 
left the leash pressing quite tightly against her vulva and 
gluteal crevice.
     Observing his helpless and inviting victim closely, Dale 
proceeded to disrobe completely.  His thick maleness was already 
standing erect as he thought a-bout the bizarre abuse he was about 
to inflict on his totally helpless and provocatively attired young 
girlfriend.  Looking quite confident and assured of himself, he 
walked over to her and stood astride her lap with his erect penis 
nearly brushing her helmeted head.  Sensing his nearness despite 
the confining helmet Judy tensed in her seat in anxious 
expectation.  Reaching behind her head, he quickly untied the rope 
that held the gag in place and removed the rubber ball from her 
mouth.  Enjoying the sudden relaxation of pressure, Judy did not 
attempt to speak but instead tried to relax her aching jaws and 
catch a few fresh breaths of air.
     Cupping her helmeted head in his hands, Dale quickly pulled 
it forward until her lips were brushing against the tip of his 
stiff penis.  Making no effort to resist the assault he was 
planning, Judy took a deep breath and opened her mouth 
submissively in a wide oval.  Keeping a firm grip on her helmeted 
head, Dale slowly began penetrating her inviting mouth with the 
head of his thick muscle.  Feeling the warm moistness of her mouth 
encircling him, Dale paused for a moment to allow her to become 
adjusted to it.
     Flicking the head of his penis with her tongue and gently 
sucking on it, Judy knew that he would soon want a much deeper 
penetration and submissively awaited his next move.  She didn't 
have long to wait.  Pulling her helmeted head gently but firmly 
forward, Dale inserted his throbbing member slightly farther into 
her yielding mouth.  Judy swallowed audibly as his husky maleness 
forced her jaws widely apart, much in the same manner as the gag 
had previously done.  Once again he paused for her to become 
accustomed to it.
     Tormented by the bonds that held her helplessly in her chair 
and particularly by the tightly drawn strap between her legs, Judy 
squirmed with a mixture of excitement and discomfort as she meekly 
sucked on the sturdy masculine bar in her mouth.  The pretty young 
secretary was an accomplished fellatrix, but always found it more 
exciting when forced to perform the act while completely helpless.
     Closely watching his hard pen-is disappearing into the 
opening in her leather helmet, Dale carefully drew her head 
forward until he felt the head brushing against the roof of her 
wet mouth.  Refraining from the temptation to begin pumping back 
and forth, he paused once again to allow her to get used to having 
it so far into her mouth.  Although it was obviously quite 
uncomfortable for her to have it inserted so deeply into her 
mouth, Judy's eagerly flicking tongue and audible sucking noises 
revealed that she found it more exciting than unpleasant.
     With deliberate slowness, Dale began pumping with his pelvic 
muscles in order to slide his throbbing member back and forth in 
the moist cavity.  Watching his glistening pole alternately 
disappearing and reappearing inside the leather helmet, he timed 
his movements carefully in order to prolong the delightful 
sensations as long as possible.  He kept both hands clasped on her 
helmeted head, gently guiding her head back and forth while at the 
same time reminding her that she was fully under his control.
     Judy squirmed girlishly in her seat as his probing maleness 
continued to torment her mouth and throat, while at the same time 
the bonds and the strap between her legs continued to bedevil her 
constantly.  The combination of the bonds, the leather helmet that 
totally imprisoned her blond head, his guiding hands atop her 
head, and the thick masculine muscle in her mouth made her feel 
completely dominated and mastered, totally feminine and 
submissive.
     Unable to hold himself back much longer, Dale began pumping 
with quick, jerky movements.  Although becoming short of breath, 
Judy managed to continue flicking her tongue against his slippery 
member as it slid back and forth in her mouth.  With each forward 
thrust, Dale plunged his throbbing member deeply into her mouth.  
Finally, he gave one vigorous final thrust and sent his semen 
jetting into her mouth.
     As if suddenly receiving a severe shock of electricity, Judy 
spasmodically jerked against her bonds as she felt the warm, thick 
fluid splashing against the walls of her mouth and trickling down 
her throat.  Dale's hands forcibly held her helmeted head in 
position, forcing her to take all of his climax into her mouth.  
Judy made no effort to draw away, and submissively swallowed the 
murky fluid with audible gulps.  Dale was in no hurry to remove 
his slowly relaxing member and allowed it to soak in her mouth a 
few moments before withdrawing it.
     The weekend bondage session had gotten off to an excellent 
start ...

                           *     *     *

     As can be seen from the foregoing example, Dale and Judy are 
typical bondage fans in a number of respects.  For example, their 
activities follow the traditional sexual role pattern in which the 
male plays the dominant role and the female plays the submissive 
role.  This is still the most common relationship among bondage 
fans; although, as will be seen in subsequent chapters, other 
relationships have been emerging in recent years.
     Dale and Judy's bondage activities are likewise typical in 
the emphasis upon exotic costuming, bondage positions that have 
esthetic appeal, the use of sexual torment, and the use of 
relatively mild spanking for the purpose of sexual arousal.  Other 
bondage fans employ similar techniques in a wide variety of ways 
for the purpose of sexual arousal and satisfaction.
     Dale's obvious predilection for leather helmets designed to 
cut off the victim's sight, hearing, and power of speech is shared 
by many other bondage fans.  While some do not go to the extreme 
of employing discipline helmets, blindfolding and gagging are 
typical features of many bondage sessions.  Blindfolding seems to 
have esthetic appeal for the aggressor, while it affords the 
victim the masochistic thrill of being subjected to the unknown.  
Gagging, as has been noted, is a sublimated form of fellatio.
     Likewise, Dale's bondage techniques are quite typical in that 
they stress torment and discomfort, but fall far short of 
inflicting real pain or torture upon the victim.  Similarly, 
sexual torment is employed for the purpose of causing sexual 
arousal and not simply for the purpose of humiliating the victim.  
The typical modern bondage session has as one of its objectives 
sexual excitement for the victim as well as the aggressor.  Most 
bondage fans strongly object to the use of the word "sadism" in 
connection with their activities, and rightly so.  Modern bondage 
emphasizes restraint for the purpose of sexual arousal and 
gratification, and not for the purpose of inflicting pain or 
torture upon the victim.  Of course, there are exceptions.
     Dale's regular weekend sessions are also quite typical in the 
sense that most bondage fans strongly prefer to conduct sessions 
on a regular, planned basis rather than on an infrequent or casual 
basis.  Many couples like to hold at least one bondage session a 
week, and some even conduct them more frequently.  Like Dale and 
Judy, there are other couples who like to devote their weekends to 
bondage activities.  Others arrange their vacations so as to be 
able to devote the maximum amount of time to their bondage 
activities.
     In the following chapters, we will review other examples of 
modern bondage practices.




                             Chapter 2
                    The Varieties of Bondage

     Bondage fans are not alike in their preferences and can be 
divided into various groups and subgroups.  For example, as far as 
costume preferences are concerned, there appear to be three 
principal groups: those who prefer regular clothing worn in an 
erotic manner, those who prefer leather apparel, and those who 
prefer items of clothing made of rubber.  The importance of 
leather and rubber apparel to the bondage fan should not be 
underestimated; for many devotees of bondage, such items of 
apparel are essential props for all sessions.  Although it might 
seem curious to the uninitiated, bondage fans rarely show a 
predilection for completely nude victims.  There are exceptions, 
of course, but most bondage fans seem to think that a certain 
amount of clothing is essential.  However, it should be noted that 
the clothing worn by the victim may be totally inappropriate as 
far as individual modesty is concerned.  Thus, for example, it is 
quite a common practice for a female victim to be attired only in 
garter belt, nylon stockings, and high heels or boots.
     Bondage fans may also be grouped according to their 
preferences for bondage materials.  Here again, there appear to be 
three principal groups: those who prefer ordinary ropes, those who 
prefer bindings made of leather, and a dedicated minority with a 
preference for chains or other items made of metal.  However, 
preferences of this type are not often clear-cut with the result 
that most bondage fans do considerable experimentation with the 
type of bondage materials they employ.
     As far as bondage positions are concerned, bondage devotees 
appear to fall into two groups.  Some bondage fans insist that the 
victim be bound in the same position and in the same manner each 
and every session.  Others insist upon a variety of positions, the 
more the merrier.  The latter group is by far the largest, and it 
may safely be said that most bondage fans prefer to experiment 
with as many positions as they can dream up.  In this regard, 
bondage fans often show an almost unbelievably fertile 
imagination.
     As far as accessory equipment is concerned, bondage fans fall 
into two groups.  One group is content to use ordinary everyday 
items such as chairs and beds.  Others have a strong predilection 
for bizarre and often old-fashioned equipment such as stocks, 
pillories, gibbets, and similar devices.  Some bondage fans have 
large collections of devices of this type, and there are homes 
where a spare bedroom or basement room doubles as a bondage 
studio.  In one case known to the author, a wealthy couple has the 
guest house at their estate furnished as a bondage "torture 
chamber."
     As might be expected, most bondage activities take place 
indoors.  However, some bondage fans have a strong predilection 
for outdoor scenes and perhaps others would too were it not for 
such problems as lack of privacy and the vagaries of weather.  
Among outdoor bondage fans, forests appear to be the favorite 
setting for their activities.  Forests provide an isolated and 
scenic atmosphere and, in addition, trees serve as a natural prop 
for bondage activities.  Next to forests in popularity are outdoor 
swimming pools where diving boards, ladders, and poolside 
furniture provide excellent bondage props.  Since the erotic 
aspects of dunking are well known, it is not surprising that in 
such a setting the bondage victim may be subjected to a variation 
of old-fashioned dunking stool.  Similarly, in indoor settings 
bathtubs and shower stalls are also favorite bondage props.
     Thus far, we have examined only the external mechanics of 
bondage.  As far as personalities and emotional requirements are 
concerned, bondage fans may be roughly divided into three broad 
groups: dominant, submissive, and those who enjoy playing at both 
roles.  Such a grouping is only roughly accurate, for within each 
group there are wide ranges of individual desires and preferences.  
Thus, one person may be highly dominant while another is only 
mildly dominant.  Similarly, one person may be highly submissive 
while another may be only mildly submissive.
     According to the traditional view, the male is dominant while 
the female is submissive.  Today, it must be said that this 
viewpoint is a naive oversimplification.  Whether one is dominant 
or submissive depends on one's emotional requirements and not upon 
whether one happens to possess a penis or vagina.  Thus, we have 
dominant men and submissive men, dominant women and submissive 
women, and men and women who can achieve emotional satisfaction 
playing either role. 
     Since one's emotional requirements depend upon that elusive 
creation known as the human mind and are in no way related to 
one's physical characteristics, the preferences of bondage fans 
cannot be determined by their physical appearance.  Thus, it is 
well known that physically well-built and aggressive men often 
like to play the submissive role and achieve great emotional 
satisfaction in being put through their paces by an attractive 
bondage mistress.  Similarly, a petite, shapely, and highly 
feminine woman may be quite dominant.
     Although bondage activities most frequently take place within 
a heterosexual context, bondage activities sometimes have 
homosexual connotations.  This is patently the case where both the 
aggressor and the victim are of the same sex.  It is also 
subliminally the case in certain situations where, for example, a 
dominant female who requires a male victim to wear feminine 
clothing may be satisfying her own unconscious lesbian tendencies.
     Most bondage sessions are restricted to two individuals but 
that is not always the case.  Bondage fans frequently make 
contacts with others who share their interests, sometimes only to 
exchange correspondence but often to arrange meetings.  Such 
meetings may involve only an inspection of bondage equipment or 
photographs, but may also involve a bondage demonstration or a 
"swap bondage" session.  Wife-swapping clubs composed only of 
bondage fans are also known to exist.  In addition, couples who 
are interested in bondage occasionally like to have a third party 
participate in their sessions.  In nearly all cases, the third 
party is a female.  In some cases, the third party serves only as 
a nonparticipating witness to the bondage session.  To the 
uninitiated, this might seem quite puzzling.  However, there is a 
logical explanation for it.  Although most of us are unaware of 
it, we all possess some exhibitionistic tendencies.  For example, 
an extremely modest woman can manage to wear a transparent blouse 
or short skirt if persuaded that the dictates of fashion require 
her to do so, and in so doing she will satisfy her unconscious 
exhibitionistic tendencies.  Persons with masochistic tendencies 
tend to have stronger exhibitionistic desires than the average 
person.  Thus, the humiliation of being observed in bondage by a 
third person serves to gratify the victim's unconscious 
exhibitionistic tendencies.  This is confirmed by the fact that it 
is often the victim who suggests that a third party be present at 
the session.
     Although witnesses sometimes serve only in a nonparticipating 
manner, it is more common for the witness to serve as a 
participant.  Occasionally, the witness plays the role of the 
victim or co-victim.  More frequently, however, the witness serves 
in an active capacity either as the aggressor's assistant or as 
the sole aggressor.  Thus, couples who have strongly submissive 
tendencies find it particularly exciting to be put through a 
session by an attractive bondage mistress.  She can tie them 
together and torment them in ways that would be impossible if they 
were alone, and at the same time her presence will gratify their 
unconscious exhibitionistic tendencies.
     To augment the victim's fantasies of helplessness, 
multi-party bondage activities are often conducted according to a 
simulated but highly realistic scenario.  One of the most common 
scenarios might be called "the kidnaper fantasy." For example, one 
submissive couple might discreetly arrange to have themselves 
"kidnapped" by a dominant couple, who takes the victims to their 
home and subjects them to a weekend of bizarre bondage ordeals.  A 
similar fantasy calls for the victim to be the captive of pirates 
or other brigands.  Another and quite common fantasy scenario 
calls for the victim to be a political prisoner, usually at the 
hands of the Gestapo.  In such situations, highly realistic 
costumes are often worn by all parties to add to the illusion of 
reality.  Participants in such games often find that they get 
completely carried away by their roles and act out their parts 
quite convincingly.
     The foregoing comments should not be construed to mean that 
such games are played only in multiparty situations.  Many couples 
play similar games and use costumes suitable to the part they are 
playing.  For example, one favorite fantasy among submissive 
females 'is that of being tied up and raped by an attacker.  This 
can be accomplished quite easily by having the husband or 
boyfriend, masked to conceal his identity, playing the role of the 
attacker.  A similar fantasy game calls for the female to play the 
role of exotic spy trapped in the coils of the secret police and 
subjected to various bondage ordeals to make her "confess."  Or 
she may play the role of a victim of a white slaver.  In reverse 
situations, the male may play the role of a naughty schoolboy 
being disciplined by his teacher or nurse.  Or he may play the 
role of a pilot downed in the jungle who becomes the captive of an 
Amazon.  Similarly, he may be a political prisoner who becomes the 
victim of a lady member of the Gestapo or secret police.
     When the fact that the varieties of bondage are limited only 
by the imaginations of the participants is coupled with the 
realization that bondage fans possess extremely vivid and 
inventive imaginations, we realize that the varieties of bondage 
are almost limitless.  In part, this helps to account for the 
rising popularity of bondage in recent years.  The sexual 
revolution has meant greater awareness, more inquisitiveness about 
sexual matters, and a desire to experiment with all facets of sex.  
More than anything else, a sexual sophisticate looks for variety, 
and variety is one thing bondage has to offer in abundance.
     The following case histories will serve to illustrate some of 
the varieties of bondage.



                        Case History No. 1

     Bill and Karen J. are a young couple living in a western 
suburb of Chicago.  Bill is thirty-two and works as a free-lance 
photographer, a line of work that allows him considerable leisure 
time.  Karen is a long-legged brunette of twenty-six who worked as 
a secretary before her marriage two years ago.  She possesses a 
figure suitable for modeling, and Bill has used her as a model for 
several pin-up layouts that he has sold to various men's 
magazines.
     The two of them are avid bondage enthusiasts.  "Bill got me 
hooked on it shortly after we started going together," Karen 
explained.  "We've always been quite open with each other, and one 
evening after we started dating he explained his ideas about 
bondage and sex to me and even showed me some illustrated 
magazines on the subject.  I'll admit I was a little shocked at 
first.  Although I consider myself a liberal on sexual matters, I 
bad never really heard of bondage except in a rather vague way, 
and had never dreamed there was such widespread interest in the 
subject.
     "It took Bill awhile to talk me into it, and then I agreed to 
go along with it only on an experimental basis.  The first night, 
I remember, he only tied my hands together behind my back and then 
necked with me awhile.  Although he left my clothes in place, he 
let his hands roam a little, and I can still remember how 
deliciously embarrassed and exciting it was when I realized I 
couldn't do a thing to stop him!  For some reason, I have always 
been a little inhibited, and finding myself helpless like that was 
a terrific release for me.
     "Bill had had enough experience to know not to push me too 
far too fast, and instead brought me along gradually.  At the 
second session, he also tied my wrists behind my back and then 
tied my legs together at the ankle and just above the knees.  He 
pulled my skirt up a little more than was necessary to do that, 
and, although I was wearing pantyhose, I still found myself 
blushing furiously and thoroughly enjoying being handled in this 
fashion.  After that, he sort of took advantage of me with his 
hands and I really loved it!
     "By this time, I was really interested in the subject and 
anxious to experiment with the more far-out things.  The third 
session was really my initiation as a bondagette.  Allowing me at 
my insistence to remain fully dressed, Bill tied me to a wooden 
armchair with a number of clothesline ropes.  And I mean tied!  
After tying my wrists and arms securely to the arms of the chair, 
he tied me to the chair at the waist.  To my embarrassment, he 
also tied me to the chair with two ropes, one around my torso just 
above my breasts and the other just below.  By this time, I was 
beginning to feel as helpless as a trussed-up chicken!
     "Next, he tied my ankles very securely to the front legs of 
the chair.  When he had me like this, he took advantage of me by 
pulling my dress up all the way!  I'm basically very modest and 
I'm afraid I just screamed and begged him not to embarrass me that 
way.  That evening I had worn regular-length black nylons and he 
didn't stop until my stocking tops, garters, bare thighs, and even 
part of my panties were on view.  Trussed-up as I was, there was 
nothing I could do except sit there and blush.
     "By protesting a little too much, I got myself introduced to 
a gag.  That was a completely new experience for me, and at first 
I didn't think I could stand it.  Bill used a rubber ball strung 
on a rope, and that ball really pried my jaws and teeth apart.  
Although I could moan and make animal-type noises through the gag, 
there was no way I could effectively communicate with him.  
Feeling really helpless and a little scared, I knew I just had to 
sit there and submit to whatever he had in mind.
     "Without even bothering to ask my permission, he proceeded to 
take some snapshots of me sitting there showing everything like 
that!  Although I laugh about it today, I nearly died with 
embarrassment at the time.  We still have some of those shots and 
perhaps you'd like to see them."
     Reaching into a small drawer, she brought out some glossy 
8x10 photographs.  The snapshots showed Karen shackled to the 
chair and gagged in the manner she had described.  She was fully 
dressed in a form-fitting knit dress but, as she had described, 
her dress had been pulled up to reveal long, shapely legs, dark 
stocking tops, white thighs traversed by dark garter belt 
supporters, and a glimpse of her black panties.  Her pretty face 
showed considerable strain and distress from the effects of the 
red rubber ball shoved between her teeth and tied tightly in place 
by the rope on which it was strung.  The entire effect of the 
photos, taken at different angles, was highly erotic and 
appealing.
     "After getting it all recorded on camera," Karen continued, 
blushing slightly, "Bill began fondling me with his hands--not too 
roughly but very firmly as if to emphasize his complete control 
over me.  Of course, I couldn't do a thing to stop him!  I just 
had to sit there squirming and getting hotter by the minute.  If I 
could have talked, I would have been just begging him to put it to 
me any way he wanted.
     "When he saw how worked up I was, he untied me from the chair 
but made me leave the gag in place.  He then led me into the 
bedroom and undressed me completely, deliberately taking his time 
about it in a manner that I found quite maddening.  He then had me 
stretch out supine on the bed, and he tied my wrists to the 
bedposts in a spread-eagle position.  Tied and gagged like that, I 
had no choice but to lie there squirming while he proceeded to 
disrobe.  As might be expected, he was thoroughly aroused.
     "I was expecting him to jump right on top of me, but it was 
even wilder than that.  Grasping my ankles with his hands, he 
pulled my legs apart and knelt on the bed between them.  He then 
began pulling my legs back until my knees were nearly touching my 
breasts and my calves were resting on his shoulders."
     As Karen, who was blushing prettily by this time, paused to 
light a cigarette, it was easy to imagine those beautiful long 
legs of hers being drawn back in the manner she had described.  
"Well, to go on," she continued.  "While I let my legs dangle down 
his back, he used his fingers to gently pull the lips of my vulva 
apart and then proceeded to bury his face right in it!
     "I was already hot anyway, and that really did it!  When he 
worked his tongue around inside of me, flicking my clitoris from 
time to time, only that gag prevented me from screaming with 
excitement.  I was really pumping my hips and of course I was 
about as wet as a girl can get.  Being tied up and totally 
helpless to stop him from tormenting me like that made it all the 
more exciting.
     "Finally, he stretched out on top of me and I felt my vaginal 
canal expanding as he inserted that rock-hard lance of his.  
Kissing my gagged mouth all over, he began pumping back and forth 
with a very rhythmic motion.  Despite all that had happened, he 
had amazing self-control and really knew how to time himself.  For 
my part, I was nearly going insane.  Fighting against the bonds 
and wriggling around under him in a manner that I would previously 
have thought completely shameless, I found myself experiencing my 
first multiple orgasm by the time he had reached his climax.
     "He left me tied up like that for a few minutes afterward, 
apparently to give me a little time to think about my new status 
as his helpless bondagette.  He then untied me and we took a long 
hot shower together.  Although that first real taste of erotic, 
really sexual bondage had left me emotionally drained, the shower 
refreshed me considerably and I found myself ready for some more 
bizarre sex as soon as we had dried ourselves off.
     "Bill was as delighted as he was surprised when I boldly told 
him that I was ready for some more whenever he was.  After 
thinking a moment, he told me to get dressed up in garter belt, 
hose, high heels, and my kid gloves while he waited in the living 
room.  I had never dressed fetish-style before, and I'm afraid I 
blushed scarlet and felt thoroughly brazen when I appeared in the 
living room a few minutes later wearing only my elbow-length black 
kid gloves, black garter belt, very sheer black nylons, and what 
were then my highest heels--a pair of patent leather pumps with 
slim three-inch heels.
     "Bill didn't waste much time depriving me of my freedom.  I 
had been trying to preserve a little modesty by covering myself 
with my gloved hands, but he soon put a stop to that by strapping 
my wrists together behind my back with a leather strap.  He then 
blindfolded me with a folded black scarf that left me totally in 
darkness.  Next, my knees and ankles were tightly lashed together 
with two leather straps.  Once again I felt all my limbs confined 
and knew that I was completely under his control.
     "As he forced me to a kneeling position on the carpet, I 
could feel my excitement rising once again.  Fastening a rope to 
the strap at my wrists, he booked the rope around the strap at my 
ankles and drew it up short until my wrists and ankles were in 
contact.  He then tied that rope securely, leaving my torso and 
head drawn back at an angle that left me feeling very vulnerable 
in front.
     "Although I couldn't see a thing, I could sense that he had 
pulled up a chair and was seated right in front of me.  Since he 
had not gagged me, I had a pretty good idea what he had in mind 
and I could feel my heart beginning to pound rather rapidly.  You 
see, I had always had something of a block about performing 
fellatio for anyone, and Bill was well aware of this.
     "In a moment, I felt the tip of his penis brushing against my 
cheek.  He was holding my head firmly with both hands, preventing 
me from turning my face away.  It didn't take him long to work up 
an erection, and he began tormenting my face and throat with the 
head of his thing.  It was deeply humiliating for me to be abused 
in that manner, but I must admit that I found it bizarre and 
exciting.
     When he finally told me to put it in my mouth, to my own 
surprise I was ready and eager to do so.
     "With the blindfold cutting off my vision, I had to grope a 
little, but my mouth finally found the tip of his penis.  Opening 
my mouth as far as I could, I began working that big hard muscle 
into my mouth.  It pried my jaws and teeth apart much in the same 
manner as the gag had done, and I could almost feel it throbbing 
with excitement.  It was so big that I thought I would surely 
choke on it, but I managed to get it in much farther than I would 
have imagined possible.
     "Kneeling there bound helplessly and blindfolded with that 
big masculine thing completely filling my mouth, I felt completely 
debased but highly aroused.  I began suckling on it with an 
abandon I would never have dreamed possible.  Although it really 
wasn't necessary, he was holding my head down with both hands so 
that there would be no escape.  Finally, he rose part way out of 
his chair and I found myself with a very nice warm mouthful.  When 
he released me afterwards, he reciprocated by bringing me to a 
climax with his tongue.
     "Of course, after this experience I was hooked on erotic 
bondage.  Since that time, bondage has been an integral part of 
our life in general and sex life in particular.  Bill has numerous 
bondage devices in his collection and I have various costumes to 
wear during our bondage sessions.  The two of us like considerable 
variety in our bondage sessions, and Bill can be quite ingenious 
in dreaming up ways to tie me up and torment me almost beyond 
endurance."



                        Case History No. 2

     Maxine L. and Jeff R. are a young couple who live in 
Milwaukee.  Jeff is twenty-six, a college graduate who teaches 
school.  Maxine is also a schoolteacher.  She is a five-foot-four 
brunette of twenty-five with a full, buxom figure.  In public, she 
dresses in a conservative manner that does not emphasize her 
figure, wears horn-rimmed glasses, and wears her long brown hair 
done in a tight bun at the nape of her neck.  To casual 
acquaintances and even close friends, she seems like a completely 
average young woman.  They would receive something of a shock if 
suddenly confronted with the truth about her.
     "There is more than one side to Maxine, and the same's the 
case with me," Jeff explained.  The three of us were seated in 
Maxine's small but cozy apartment in downtown Milwaukee.  Wearing 
a navy-blue suit, beige hose, and dark pumps with medium heels, 
Maxine looked like any young woman schoolteacher might.  In fact, 
with her glasses and conservative hairdo, she looked rather 
unprepossessing.
     Jeff handed over a 4x5 photograph of a young woman wearing an 
exotic leather costume.  Her gleaming black leather dress was 
tightly molded to her buxom figure, and cut in a wide V down the 
front, past the cleavage of her full bosom.  The dress was hemmed 
to end at mid-thigh, leaving the welt of her black stockings 
partly on view.  She was wearing knee-length high-heel black 
leather boots, which were laced down the front from knee to toe.  
The heels must have been four inches high, and left her feet 
arched in a manner resembling a ballet dancer.
     She was wearing arm-length black leather gloves.  Her long 
brown hair was worn loose and hung nearly to her waist, and she 
was heavily made up.  It took me a few moments to realize that the 
young woman in the picture was in fact Maxine!  The two of them 
grinned when they realized how I had nearly been deceived.
     "We both love leather and bondage," Maxine explained.  She 
handed over another photograph of herself.  In this one she was 
wearing only boots, stockings, tiny bikini panties made of black 
leather, a matching bra-halter made of rubber, and an old-
fashioned-looking, extremely severe black corset.  The corset, 
which appeared to be heavily boned, pinched her waist in to almost 
unbelievably narrow proportions, which had the corresponding 
effect of expanding her bosom and hips.  In the photograph, she 
was shown under complete restraint, bound in a standing position 
to a vertical metal pipe with various lengths of rope.  Her wrists 
were pulled behind the pipe in a crossed position and tied 
securely, While her elbows were tied tightly together in a manner 
that left her forearms in contact.  Ropes were tied around her 
torso and the pipe just below her breasts, at her waist, and just 
above her hips.  Her legs were tied together at the ankles and 
knees, and then tied to the pipe with additional ropes.  Her mouth 
fully packed with what appeared to be some cloth material, she was 
gagged with a black scarf.
     "With us, bondage and leather garments go hand in hand," 
Maxine related.  "During our bondage parties, I always wear 
something made of leather." As if to prove her point, she began 
handing over various photographs of herself.  All of them featured 
her in a wide variety of leather outfits, ranging all the way from 
brief leather panties to complete leather costumes.  In several of 
them, she was dressed from head to toe in leather, including 
leather helmets tightly molded around her head.  In all of the 
photos, she was under some form of physical restraint, bound with 
ropes or leather straps and nearly always gagged in some fashion.  
The bondage positions revealed a great deal of imagination, 
ranging from casual and easily maintained positions to positions 
that involved total restraint and must have been quite 
uncomfortable.
     "I have always been interested in leather outfits, boots and 
skirts and that sort of thing," Maxine replied when asked about 
her interest in leather.  "However, it wasn't until after I 
started dating Jeff that I learned that really bizarre, far-out 
leather garments could be obtained.  Since he loves leather 
perhaps even more than I do, he started encouraging me to build up 
a wardrobe.  We're still building our collection, in fact, and I 
don't suppose we'll really ever get enough items to suit us.  I 
like the feel of leather, particularly tight-fitting leather 
costumes, but there's more to it than that.  Normally, I'm a 
somewhat inhibited person.  However, for some reason when I'm 
wearing leather it's different!  And that's particularly true when 
I'm wearing one of my more bizarre leather outfits.  I really let 
my hair down, both literally and figuratively.  It's hard to 
explain why, but that's the way it is.
     "My introduction to bondage was Jeff's idea," Maxine 
answered, when asked about her interest in bondage.  "Although 
it's hard to remember now, I don't think I had even heard of 
bondage--erotic bondage, I mean-until Jeff suggested it.  I 
suppose any girl would be reluctant at first, and I know I was.  
However, I knew I could trust Jeff and I began to let him 
experiment with me.
     "It didn't take me long to discover that the idea was quite 
appealing.  At first, Jeff would do something simple such as 
trying my hands behind my bark and perhaps tying my ankles 
together.  He would then sort of torment me with his hands, not 
going too far but making it clear that I was really under his 
control.  Although it was highly embarrassing to be so helpless 
and at his mercy like that, I really found it exciting.  It really 
made me feel feminine to be mastered like that.  You must remember 
that this took place just after we had started dating, at a time 
when I was still reluctant to have sex with him.
     "With each new bondage session, Jeff kept adding something 
different and I found it all quite interesting.  At the same time, 
he was continually pressuring me to have sex with him.  My 
resistance grew weaker with each date and I finally gave in, 
although I told him there was one condition.  I wanted it to be a 
very special occasion, with plenty of leather and bondage, so that 
neither of us would ever forget it.
     "It all worked out better than we had expected.  Jeff got 
permission to use the cottage his parents own up on Lake Winnebago 
for the following weekend.  We drove up there on Friday afternoon 
as soon as school was out, the trunk and backseat of the car 
filled with bondage equipment and costumes.  Before leaving I let 
my hair down all the way back and then tied it Viking-style in a 
single braid at the back of my neck.  I then changed into a very 
brief mini-dress that I had never worn publicly before, together 
with charcoal-colored pantyhose and high-heeled patent leather 
pumps.
     "That weekend I really found out what it was like to be a 
bondagette, and it all started the minute we got into the car!  On 
an impulse, Jeff decided that some partial restraint was in order 
right then and there.  As a result, I soon found my hands tied 
behind my back while my knees and ankles were tied together quite 
tightly.  He then pulled my mini-dress back until the body-sheath 
of my pantyhose was well on display.  Blushing and helpless, I sat 
like that all the way to Lake Winnebago.
     "The white rope made a vivid contrast with my dark pantyhose, 
so anyone who looked in the car could have seen that I was tied 
up.  Although that was exquisitely embarrassing and made me feel 
very anxious, I also found it kind of exciting to think that 
someone might see me in bondage with my dress pulled up so boldly.
     "Jeff wouldn't untie me even after we reached the cottage.  
Instead, after helping me out of the car be escorted me up the 
driveway with my legs and wrists still tied.  Hopping and feeling 
thoroughly embarrassed and silly, I was just sure someone would 
drive along the road and see me, but no one did.  He finally got 
me inside the cottage where he stood me facing a wall in the 
corner, while be unpacked the car.
     "Finally, I was released and allowed to change into a leather 
outfit.  This consisted of the leather dress that you saw in the 
first photograph, arm-length black kid gloves, black nylon hose 
and garter belt, and my best pair of boots--four-inch high-heeled 
patent leather boots that come over the knee and are laced all the 
way down in front.  Jeff laced me into the boots himself, making 
me sit on a chair with my hands tied behind my back while he did 
so.
     "To get us in the mood for sex, we began experimenting with 
various bondage positions.  The furniture in the cottage was 
mostly of the outdoor wooden type that is ideal for bondage.  Over 
the space of the next couple of hours, I found myself tied in 
various positions over the chairs, the tables, and the bed.  I 
didn't utter a peep to complain, mainly because my mouth was fully 
packed with an oversize handkerchief held firmly in place by a 
scarf tied at the back of my head.  At some stage of the 
proceedings, Jeff added a combination mask and helmet made of 
leather that completely covered my head and the upper half of my 
face, leaving me in total blackness.  While tying me in these 
various positions, he was continually using his hands to caress 
and pinch and otherwise torment me.  Since I was wearing nothing 
beneath my leather dress except my garter belt, I was completely 
defenseless against his hands.  Getting felt up when you can't do 
a thing to protect yourself is always twice as exciting, and I'm 
sure it wasn't hard for him to see the reaction I was having.
     "During this time I could hear him hammering and doing some 
work of some sort, but it wasn't until later that I discovered 
that he had been fastening a couple of pulleys to one of the beams 
in the cottage ceiling.  Finally I was untied and while still 
masked and gagged was led to a position directly under the 
pulleys.  Jeff tied my gloved wrists together very securely, and 
then tied that rope to another rope strung over one of the 
pulleys.
     "Of course, I didn't realize what was happening until my arms 
suddenly started pulling upward.  A moment later, I was standing 
barely on tiptoe and every muscle of my body was pulled taut.  
Since I couldn't make a sound, I tried to protest by shaking my 
head but of course he wasn't deterred by that.  My legs were free 
but not for long.  Taking a two-foot-long metal bar with leather 
cuffs at each end, he quickly snapped the cuffs around my ankles 
which left my booted legs spread in a wide inverted V.  Boy, did I 
feel helpless, vulnerable, and uncomfortable!
     "Without further ado, he proceeded to pull my leather dress 
up completely to my waist, securing it there with a belt around my 
waist.  Realizing how much I was exposing myself, I would have 
screamed if it weren't for the gag.  As it was, I had no choice 
but to stand there blushing and feeling horribly immodest.  Once 
he had me trussed up to his satisfaction, completely helpless and 
exposed, he started tormenting me with his hands.  He even took a 
leather riding crop and starting smacking my bottom with it, 
rather lightly and just enough to make me all warm and itchy back 
there.  He continually kept his fingers between my legs while he 
was doing that, and it wasn't long before he had me in a frenzy.
     "I was just dying for him to take me right then and there, 
and was wishing he would remove the gag so I could tell him so.  
But he didn't have to be told what I wanted.  In a few moments I 
suddenly felt his hard thing brushing against me and realized that 
he intended to take me from behind!  The idea of being possessed 
from behind like that, as if I were some kind of animal, while all 
tied up and gagged, was intensely humiliating, but at the same 
time almost unbelievably exciting.  Of course, there wasn't a 
thing I could do to stop him.  Suddenly I felt that powerful, 
rock-hard muscle separating the lips of my vulva and sliding 
forcefully into my vagina.  Gripping my breasts firmly, almost 
roughly, he began pumping back and forth with vigorous thrusts 
that nearly took my breath away.  It was rough, raw, almost savage 
sex, and I was nearly crazy with excitement although I was 
intensely uncomfortable in so many ways I lost track of them.  We 
both came with a wild spasm.
     "We both needed some time to recover our bearings after that, 
and took time out long enough to go out for dinner.  When we got 
back, Jeff had me change into an outfit consisting only of my long 
kid gloves, black garter belt, black stockings, and knee-length 
high-heeled boots.  When I asked him what he had in mind, he told 
me he bad an idea that was even wilder than the first.  I didn't 
see how that was possible, but I soon found out!
     "To keep me in the dark about his plans, once again the mask-
helmet was fitted over my head.  He then tied my wrists behind my 
back, and had me sit on a cushion on the floor with my legs 
extended.  He then fastened leather cuffs around each ankle.  Up 
to that time, it all seemed very simple to me but I of course had 
no way of knowing that those leather cuffs at my ankles were 
attached to ropes strung over the pulleys in the ceiling!
     "When my feet started moving upward, I suddenly realized what 
he intended to do!  Up I went, feet first!  Hardly before I 
realized what was happening, I was strung up feet first with my 
head completely off the floor!  It's a good thing that cottage was 
in a rather isolated spot, because I'm sure you could have heard 
me screaming for blocks.  Feeling my entire body swinging to-and-
fro like that, I had never felt so helpless and downright 
terrified in my life.
     "Despite my screams I was pulled up until my head was a good 
three feet off the floor, and the ropes were fastened to leave me 
in that position.  Boy, was I strung up like an animal in the 
slaughterhouse!  My legs were pulled apart in a slightly 
uncomfortable and horribly immodest fashion, but I was too 
petrified to be thinking about my modesty at such a time.
     "He stepped up in front of me and I could tell that he had 
removed his clothing.  Seeing me in that position had given him an 
erection and I suddenly felt that hard thing of his brushing 
against my lips!!  He said nothing and, to my complete surprise, 
quickly pressed his face down between my legs and started licking 
my vulva!!  He used his fingers to spread me well apart, and my 
whole body shuddered convulsively as I felt his tongue on my 
clitoris.
     "Although I had never done such a thing before in my life,.  
I quickly opened my mouth and started working his hard muscle 
between my lips and teeth.  It wasn't easy in that position, but I 
soon had my mouth bulging with rock-hard cock.  He was sucking me 
and I was soon reciprocating.  Imagine me, that prim little 
schoolteacher, strung up like an animal and sucking like crazy on 
bone-hard masculine cock!!  I felt wild, almost depraved, and 
could hardly believe it was really me.  I soon creamed with by far 
the wildest orgasm I had ever had, and about the same time he gave 
me a real mouthful.
     "We spent the remainder of that weekend trying out other 
bondage positions and stunts.  After that, I was a confirmed 
bondage addict and so was Jeff.  These days, the two of us 
consider bondage and sex synonymous."




                             Chapter 3
                      Bondage and Spanking

     Insofar as spanking and related forms of physical punishment 
are concerned, bondage fans fall into two principal groups: 
nonspankers and spankers.  A third group might be classified as 
mild spankers.  Although many bondage fans are nonspankers, some 
of them outspokenly so, bondage and spanking are such closely 
related subjects that it is impossible to consider one without the 
other.  A brief analysis will clarify the reason for this 
relationship.
     To-state the matter in simple terms, it all depends on where 
one starts.  Let's take the case of two hypothetical individuals, 
X and Y.  X starts out as a bondage fan.  Y starts out as a 
spanking fan.  Granted, it is somewhat unlikely that X will become 
a spanking fan.  But what about Y?  Isn't bondage such a logical, 
and sometimes even necessary, feature of spanking that it's quite 
likely that Y will also wind up as a bondage fan?  The fact is 
that many spanking fans have become bondage fans.
     Until somewhat recently, the erotic implications of spanking 
have been muted or misunderstood.  However, the era of the sexual 
revolution has seen an increasing interest in, and understanding 
of, erotic spanking.  Today, many married couples and other adults 
employ erotic spanking as a regular form of sexual foreplay, 
having discovered that their sexual ardor is considerably 
increased by the prior application of the paddle or strap.
     The following case histories will illustrate the connection 
between bondage and spanking.



                        Case History No. 3

     Even though she secretly loved dressing in kinky, fetish-
style clothing, Brenda Sanders nevertheless blushed a little as 
she inspected herself in the bedroom of her Dallas apartment.  The 
shapely twenty-three-year-old secretary was wearing a long-sleeved 
white blouse, tight-fitting micro-mini made of black leather and 
hemmed to end just below her hips, sheer, black nylon stockings 
neatly rolled to leave an enticing gap of about four inches of 
bare thigh, and custom-made black patent pumps with four-inch 
tapering spike heels.  Every detail of the costume was designed to 
bring out and emphasize the attractive brunette's sensuous young 
figure.  She was wearing no bra, and the form-fitting and 
diaphanous white blouse left her firm, lush breasts fully on 
display and bulging against the front of the blouse like two young 
melons.  The ultra-short leather skirt and rolled black stockings, 
together with the spike heels, were all designed to enhance the 
appearance of Brenda's long, smooth, and shapely legs. 
     The erotic costume was not entirely Brenda's idea.  Instead, 
it had been suggested down to the last detail by Brenda's 
employer, Roy W., a wealthy and still relatively young executive 
in the oil and gas business.  Ever since the two of them had 
discovered their mutual interest in the more bizarre aspects of 
sexuality, they had developed a close relationship with Roy 
serving in the role of mentor for his inexperienced but interested 
young protegee.  In fact, he had paid the cost of maintaining her 
luxury apartment, and saw to it that she received a generous 
allowance in addition to her salary.
     The knowledge that her tutor in the art of bizarre sex was 
waiting in the living room made Brenda's heart beat a little 
faster as she took one final look in the mirror.  Knowing that she 
could prolong the moment of decision only so long, Brenda took a 
deep breath and headed for the living room.  She had spent 
considerable time practicing walking in the four-inch spikes and 
had mastered the art of walking gracefully in them, although she 
had to take small steps and walk quite erect to avoid pitching 
forward.
     Well aware that she was blushing a bright scarlet, Brenda 
slowly entered the living room.  Roy promptly set his Scotch-and-
soda aside and gave her a quick once-over.  "It's about time you 
showed up," he remarked, in a voice that showed only mild 
annoyance.
     "Was it worth waiting for?" Brenda asked hopefully, slowly 
walking toward him and then turning in profile so that he could 
inspect her.  She was proud of her long legs and shapely figure, 
and knew only too well what kind of effect she could produce on 
him.
     "Yeah, I'll have to admit that," he conceded, his eyes 
focusing on her long, nylon-clad legs and the intriguing gap of 
carnation-white flesh between her rolled stocking tops and the hem 
of her micromini.
     "Are you going to be very severe with me this evening?" 
Brenda asked, watching him closely to see what his reaction might 
be.
     He avoided meeting her eyes.  "Don't you think I should be?" 
he asked quietly.
     "Did I really make that many mistakes at work this week?" 
Brenda asked, in a voice that feigned surprise.  It was a question 
she invariably asked at their Friday-evening get-togethers, as if 
to give him a pretext for inflicting bizarre sexual punishment on 
her.
     "You know the answer to that!" he replied, giving her a 
meaningful glance.  Finishing his Scotch-and-soda, Roy got to his 
feet and walked over to a small suitcase he had brought with him.  
Placing the suitcase on a table, he opened it to reveal an 
assortment of leather straps and other bondage devices.
     Brenda paled slightly as she caught a glimpse of the imposing 
collection of items obviously intended to be used upon her.  
"What's all that?" she asked in a dubious voice.
     "Just got it today," Roy explained.  "I've had it ordered for 
some time.  It's a complete training harness, from head to toe!"
     Brenda gulped noticeably although she felt a rising measure 
of excitement at the thought of being totally imprisoned by the 
bizarre harness.  She watched closely as Roy brought out an elbow-
length special leather glove that was obviously designed to encase 
both hands and arms together.  "Come here!" Roy told her.  "And 
put your hands behind your back, palms touching each other."
     Brenda complied without objection, watching rather 
apprehensively as Roy began sliding the glove over her fingers and 
up her hands and arms.  Almost completely unlaced, the unusual and 
highly confining glove slid easily into place.  Roy quickly began 
lacing it up firmly, gradually forcing Brenda's forearms and 
elbows into close contact with one another.
     "Hey!" Brenda gasped, in a voice that mingled discomfort with 
a trace of excitement.
     Roy finished lacing up the glove and tied the laces in a firm 
knot that wouldn't slip.  There was no conceivable way that Brenda 
could free herself from the unusual glove, and the pretty young 
secretary felt completely helpless.  "You won't even give a girl a 
chance!" she told him with a feigned pout.
     "You haven't seen anything yet!" Roy assured her.  Next, he 
brought out a harness designed to imprison her torso.  This 
consisted of two parallel straps, designed to encircle her body 
horizontally, connected to a wide belt for her waist.  Roy quickly 
snapped the belt tightly in place around her waist, nipping her 
waist in more than a little.
     "Hey, that's pretty tight!" Brenda protested, a little 
breathless.
     "I'll tighten it up some more after you get used to it!" Roy 
replied.
     "How could you?" Brenda asked.  "It already feels like a 
corset!"
     The pretty young bondagette watched anxiously and with some 
embarrassment as Roy pulled the two horizontal straps upward 
through the cleavage of her breasts and draped one over each 
shoulder.  Next, he stepped slightly behind her and began pulling 
the other half of the horizontal straps up between her legs.  As 
instructed, Brenda had worn no panties beneath her micro-mini and 
she was soon feeling the straps brushing against her bare thighs 
and more intimate areas.  The straps connected with a buckle in 
back and Roy began drawing the two straps tautly through the 
buckle loops.
     "Ooooh!" Brenda grimaced, as she felt the straps drawing 
embarrassingly tight between her legs.  "That's awful tight!"
     The straps pulled her micro-mini up both in front and back, 
revealing a fluffy patch of dark brown hair and prettily white 
girlish bottom.  Roy buckled the straps tautly in such a manner 
that they would constantly exert a chafing pressure between her 
legs.  Blushing prettily at the highly embarrassing and somewhat 
uncomfortable sensation between her legs, Brenda stood meekly as 
Roy slipped a leather strap around her gloved wrists and hooked it 
to the horizontal straps of the body harness to render her all the 
more helpless.
     Next, Roy produced a couple of leather cuffs which were 
connected by a very short chain only a couple of inches in length.  
Roy dropped to his knees in front of her to fit the cuffs in place 
around her ankles.  Putting Brenda's long and beautiful legs under 
restraint was always one of the highlights of any session as far 
as he was concerned, and Roy deliberately took his time about 
confining her shapely, nylon-clad ankles in the cuffs.
     "How do you expect me to move around in those?" Brenda asked, 
watching closely as her ankles were imprisoned.  Roy did not 
bother to answer as he produced another leather strap and employed 
it to strap Brenda's lush thighs together just below the tops of 
her rolled stockings.  The only part of her body left free was her 
pretty brunette head and Roy quickly took steps to remedy that 
shortcoming.  Reaching into the suitcase, he brought out a 
specially designed leather-and-rubber head harness.  Brenda gulped 
at the sight of the imposing device.  "Roy, that looks a little 
rugged!" she protested, in a voice that betrayed underlying 
excitement.
     Roy began confining her pretty brunette head in the harness.  
The harness consisted of two horizontal straps fitting around the 
wearer's head, one at the forehead and the other at jaw level.  
These straps in turn were connected to a vertical strap running 
from the nape of the neck in back over the head to the forehead, 
where the strap divided in two to go around the nose and reach the 
lower horizontal strap.  A red rubber ball was strung on the lower 
horizontal strap to serve as a gag.  "Open your mouth!" Roy 
ordered, after buckling all the straps in place.  Knowing that she 
was passing up her last chance to say anything intelligibly for 
some little time, Brenda reluctantly opened her pretty mouth.  Roy 
promptly popped the ball into her mouth, prying her jaws and teeth 
well apart and forcing her to bite down constantly on the ball.  
Brenda's eyes widened noticeably and her pretty face immediately 
showed the strain of being gagged in such an uncomfortable manner.  
Roy carefully tightened the lower horizontal strap to make it 
impossible for her to dislodge the ball from her mouth.
     Roy paused for a moment to admire his helpless victim.  
Confined in leather from her head to ankles, Brenda stood blushing 
prettily as she felt his inspecting eyes carefully going over her 
trussed-up body.  Although she could wriggle and turn her head 
from side to side, there was no choice for her except to stand 
there much like a statue as long as he wanted.
     As she had suspected, Roy was in no mood to be rushed, and 
decided to leave his pretty subject on display for awhile.  
Pouring himself another drink, he sat down and leaned back to 
admire his handiwork.  Feeling miserably helpless and a little 
undignified, Brenda demurely kept her eyes averted as she stood 
there displaying her bizarrely trussed-up body.  The red rubber 
ball in her mouth made her jaws ache, but she knew it was useless 
to try to seek relief.
     Roy made her stand there for a full twenty minutes while he 
finished his drink.  Before beginning with the next step, he 
carefully pulled her micro-mini skirt up until it was completely 
inside out and held in that position by the body harness.  
Blushing scarlet and trying to protest through her gag, Brenda 
found herself standing there with her pretty brown tuft of hair 
and girlishly plump white bottom constantly on display.  Such 
completely immodest exposure left her feeling thoroughly brazen 
and highly embarrassed, yet she could not suppress a surge of 
excitement at being forced to exhibit her lush feminine charms in 
that bizarre manner.
     The comely brunette bondagette shuddered visibly and paled 
slightly when she observed Roy picking up a sleek and obviously 
well-oiled black leather razor strap.  Of course, she had known it 
would be only a question of time before that happened, but it was 
still difficult to face the fact that that sleek strap soon would 
be curling around her most sensitive parts in a manner designed to 
set her aflame.
     "Let's go into the bedroom!" Roy suggested, grasping her left 
arm firmly just above the shoulders.
     With the cuffs at her ankles preventing her from walking even 
with tiny steps, Brenda bad no choice but to hop.  With her 
slender feet steeply arched in the four-inch high heels that was a 
difficult and quite uncomfortable task, and the hapless young 
brunette would have fallen several times had not Roy's arm 
steadied her.  It was also a completely undignified method of 
locomotion, and Brenda was quite self-conscious about her jouncing 
and flip-flopping breasts that were quite evident beneath her 
diaphanous blouse.
     A little breathless and quite red in the face, Brenda finally 
made it to her destination.  Roy seated himself on the bed and 
quickly pulled his helplessly shackled victim face-down over his 
lap.  Save for the two leather straps tightly drawn through the 
crevice, her girlishly lush and satiny smooth buttocks were 
saucily bare and completely defenseless.  Her gloved fingers, 
caught in the efficient single glove, clawed the air helplessly 
and could do nothing to protect her comely posterior.  Confined in 
the strap and cuffs, Brenda's long, stocking-clad legs stretched 
out full-length on the bed to complete the picture of helpless 
feminine pulchritude.  Brenda shuddered and strained against the 
bizarre collection of straps that kept her totally restrained.  
Unintentionally squirming her pretty bottom in anxious expectation 
of the spanking to come, she tried to prepare herself mentally for 
the ordeal.  As much as she dreaded the pain, she knew she wanted 
it and in fact required it to attain the level of sexual 
excitement she needed.
     Deciding to commence the session with his open hand, Roy set 
aside the strap for the time being.  Positioning Brenda's helpless 
body just exactly the way he wanted it, Roy studied the quivering 
white bottom for a moment and then raised his right hand in the 
air.  Knowing that the assault was coming and that there was 
nothing she could do to protect her sensitive bottom, Brenda 
shuddered and tensed the muscles in her pretty nates.  Smack!  
Roy's rough masculine hand landed squarely across the velvety 
smooth and yielding target with a firm smacking noise.
     "Mmmmmm!" Brenda's pained yelp was cut short by her gag.  Her 
brunette head snapped back sharply and her entire body jerked 
against the bonds that held her fast as the sudden jolt of pain 
surged through her hips.
     Observing her reaction closely, Roy held his hand pressed 
down firmly where it landed for several seconds.  Smack!  Deciding 
to warm his attractive victim up in a systematic manner, Roy 
applied the second spank on her left thigh just above the top of 
her neatly rolled stocking.
     "Mmmmm!" Brenda once again threw back her harnessed brunette 
head as his capable hand left its imprint on her tender flesh.
     Smack!  Smack!  Roy began working up her left thigh and 
buttock, applying crisp spanks that stung smartly and left her 
flesh tingling noticeably.  Each brisk spank produced an audible 
moan of pain from his gagged and helpless victim, who could do 
nothing but writhe against her bonds and kick back her stockinged 
legs in pretty protest.  Roy watched her movements quite closely, 
enjoying every sensuous jerk and twist to the utmost.  Putting a 
pretty and completely defenseless young woman through her paces 
with hand and strap was one of his favorite hobbies, and his leggy 
young secretary was his favorite pupil.
     "Mmmmm!  Mmmmmm!" Brenda moaned unintelligibly through the 
rubber-ball gag, which by this time felt thoroughly uncomfortable 
in her mouth.
     Slap!  Smack!  Having worked up the left side, Roy began 
working down the right.  His capable palm smacking briskly against 
her exposed flesh, he made sure that no part of his alluring 
target was overlooked.  By this time, Brenda was swinging her 
stocking-clad, bound legs back and forth in response to each 
spank, unintentionally putting on a pretty display of young 
womanhood in distress.  Her bottom tingling and prickling from the 
effects of his hand, Brenda felt thoroughly miserable as she lay 
writhing against her bonds on his lap.  The torso strap between 
her legs had worked up uncomfortably tight and continually chafed 
against her vulva.  But notwithstanding all of her discomfort, the 
moisture between her legs and the coital-like jerks of her hips 
made it all too evident that she found such bizarre mistreatment 
highly exciting.
     Roy paused to observe his squirming victim.  Brenda's bottom 
and thighs were a pretty shade of pink, and he decided to give her 
another dose with his hand.  Once again beginning on her left 
thigh just above the top of her rolled black stocking, Roy began 
working up the left side and down the right.  Each resounding 
smack produced a muffled moan and a spasmodic jerk from his 
twitching victim.  Tears blinding her eyes, Brenda swung her 
nylon-clad legs prettily back and forth and futilely tried to 
reach back with her gloved fingers to provide some protection for 
her smarting bottom.
     "Mmmmmm!  Mmmmmm!" Brenda could do nothing more than make 
animal-like noises as his hand continued to pepper her defenseless 
posterior.
     By this time, Brenda's plump bottom and tapering thighs were 
rosy all over, and the entire area felt uncomfortably dry and 
itchy and prickling-hot.  Roy decided that she was sufficiently 
prepared for the strap, and reached for the sleek, well-oiled 
strap at his side.  Knowing that what she had been through had 
only been a preliminary warm-up and that the real assault was 
still to come, Brenda froze with a mixture of terror and 
excitement.
     Thwack!  The slippery black, leather razor strap coiled 
around the curved surfaces of her lovely bottom.
     "Mmmmmmm!" Brenda's soprano squeal was considerably muted by 
her gag.  The comely bondagette bucked up on his lap with a 
convulsive jerk as the strap bit into her tender flesh with a 
fiery caress.
     Her long legs jerked back reflexively, while her gloved 
fingers worked frantically and futilely in an effort to reach back 
to protect herself.
     Smack!  Once again the strap descended on her pretty nates, 
this time slightly lower and right across the most sensitive 
parts.
     "Mmmmmmm!" Brenda groaned through her gag, and she broke into 
tears as the pain jolted through both cheeks of her tender bottom.  
Her stockinged legs flew backward at the knees, pointed heels 
nearly reaching her thighs.  Her entire body jerked against the 
bonds that held her captive in an instinctive effort to attempt to 
escape the pain he was inflicting on her poor posterior.
     Thwack!  Whack!  Slap!  Allowing a few seconds' interval for 
the full effect of each application to sink in, Roy began applying 
the sleek strap in a systematic manner designed to torment every 
sensitive nerve end in her curvaceous posterior.  Covering both 
hips and thighs down to the tops of her rolled stockings, he 
applied the strap with a wrist-snapping motion guaranteed to 
obtain the maximum effect of the strap.
     "Mmmmmmm!  Mmmmmmm!" Brenda's high-pitched squeals, although 
muffled by her gag, revealed anguish mingled with arousal.  As the 
glowing fire in her buttocks and thighs continued to build to a 
higher flame with each fresh application of the strap, the shapely 
brunette bondagette tossed about wildly on his lap with her hips 
jerking with coital-like movements, her long legs waving prettily 
in the air.  Soaking wet between the legs, she found her 
excitement mounting to a fever pitch.  Completely over-powered, 
she wanted him to take her in the most brutal way possible.
     Whack!  Thwhack!  Smack!  The strap continued descending on 
the quivering target.  By this time, Brenda's girlishly wide 
posterior and upper thighs were a glowing red from the combination 
spanking and strapping, and the entire area was in flames.  
Watching her twist and kick and squirm sensuously about on his 
lap, Roy could tell that she was both physically and emotionally 
prepared for the final onslaught.  "That's enough of that for the 
time being!" he remarked, tossing the strap on the floor.
     Picking his sobbing and twitching victim up easily in his 
hands, he tossed her face-down on the bed.  Brenda did not attempt 
to avoid him but instead lay crying and convulsively jerking 
against her bonds as he quickly stuffed a couple of pillows 
beneath her stomach to elevate her scarlet and burning hips.  She 
could see that his erect penis was sticking out of his trousers 
and, as it always did at times like that, it looked simply huge.
     Kneeling quickly on the bed, Roy unfastened the bonds that 
confined her long legs and then unbuckled the torso strap between 
her legs, pulling it out of the way.  Brenda moaned with a mixture 
of despair and excitement as the sudden departure of the strap 
left her feeling horribly vulnerable right where it mattered most.  
Pulling her long legs apart somewhat impatiently, Roy knelt 
between her thighs.  Bracing herself for the final attack, Brenda 
winced with pain as his fingers probed her burning bottom, 
spreading the cheeks apart.
     "Mmmmmmmmm!" Brenda shuddered spasmodically, as she felt the 
head of his hard penis probing the small entrance.
     Roy positioned himself carefully and moved forward with a 
vigorous thrust, the head of his penis sliding into the tiny 
opening and spreading it apart.
     "Mmmmmmmmmmm!" Brenda's scream was mostly muffled by her gag.  
Arching her back and jerking against her leather bonds, she had no 
choice but to submit to the painful penetration.  Instinctively, 
her sphincter muscles sought to expel the foreign object but that 
was impossible.
     Pausing for a brief moment to let her get used to it, Roy 
pushed forward with a vigorous thrust that forced the walls of her 
anal canal well apart.  Feeling as if she were being torn apart 
inside, Brenda shuddered with pain and masochistic pleasure.  
Tears streamed down her face and she would have begged for mercy 
had it not been for the gag.  Roy did not stop until his sturdy 
member was deeply inserted in the ultra-tight channel.
     Feeling the muscles of her anal canal clutching his thick 
penis, Roy grasped his pretty victim at the hips to hold her in 
position, and slowly began pumping his pelvis back and forth.  As 
she began to adjust to the presence of a masculine rod in her rear 
channel, Brenda found her excitement rising and began to respond 
with wriggling movements of her hips.  To torment her all the 
more, Roy slipped one hand into her wet bush and worked a finger 
into her vulva.
     "Mmmmmmm!" Brenda reacted with a girlish wriggle as his 
finger found her sensitive clitoris and began massaging it gently.
     Timing himself quite deliberately, Roy gradually increased 
the tempo.  Moving back after each forward thrust until just the 
head of his member was inside her, he would pump with a quick 
thrust that sent the hard muscle back in clear to the hilt.  His 
probing fingers never let her vulva, continually tormenting her 
and forcing her to wriggle her hips in response.  Forced to endure 
the bizarre assault, the pretty bondagette found herself aroused 
nearly to the point of hysterics.
     Roy could no longer hold himself back.  Pumping almost 
brutally, he rammed his throbbing penis forward as far as it would 
go and sent his climax jetting deep inside her.  Twisting and 
shuddering convulsively, Brenda achieved the violent orgasm that 
only Roy's bizarre mistreatment seemed able to produce.  
Completely conquered and knowing that more kinky sex would soon be 
in store for her, the young bondagette relaxed happily on the bed 
in the prison of her leather bonds.



                        Case History No. 4

     The experiences of Arthur P. demonstrate how youthful 
experiences can lead to an adult interest in spanking and bondage.  
While in his early teens, Arthur was sent to live with an aunt and 
uncle in a somewhat isolated rural area.  The uncle operated an 
extensive agribusiness combine that kept him away from home 
frequently.  This left Arthur at home under the supervision of his 
Aunt Helen, an attractive but robust woman in her mid-thirties 
with a severe and dominating personality.
     From the beginning, Arthur was kept under extremely strict 
discipline.  There can be little doubt that his Aunt Helen was a 
sadist.  For the slightest infraction of her rules, Arthur was 
soundly spanked with the hand and hairbrush.  He was always 
spanked on the completely bare bottom, and his aunt did not even 
permit him to prepare himself.  Instead, his aunt personally 
lowered this trousers and shorts for him, even after he was a 
mature young man well into his teens.
     The spankings were never laughing matters by any means.  
Pulling her skirts up out of the way, his aunt would make him 
stand sideways between her legs and bend over her left thigh until 
his head was nearly touching the floor.  Holding him firmly 
between her strong thighs, she would apply a long and sound 
spanking.  Her procedure was almost always the same.  She would 
commence with her hand and spank until her palm was stinging too 
much to continue.  She would then switch to the hairbrush and 
apply it almost unmercifully.  Finally, she would toss the 
hairbrush aside and finish up with her hand, once again smacking 
away until her palm stung too much to continue.  Although her hand 
was large and capable of imparting much more pain than might be 
imagined, it was the hairbrush that really hurt.  Arthur 
inevitably wound up howling and sobbing long before the spanking 
came to a halt.
     For repeated or severe offenses, his aunt would humiliate him 
in various ways before and after the spanking.  For example, she 
would undress him completely and make him wear a pair of nylon 
panties and occasionally a woman's slip.  Thus attired, he might 
have to stand or sit in the corner for as long as an hour before 
the spanking.  And after the spanking, he was always made to wear 
the panties for the rest of the day under his regular clothing.  
If spanked at bed-time, he was sometimes required to sleep in a 
girl's nightie afterwards.
     Although Arthur was never a weakling, and in his later teens 
became quite a well-built young man, he could never bring himself 
to resist his aunt's will when it came to discipline.  When she 
would berate him and start preparing him for a spanking, he would 
find himself completely tongue-tied and unable to offer any 
opposition although he found such treatment almost unbearably 
humiliating and the physical pain almost unendurable at times.  He 
was too inexperienced to understand the masochistic tendencies 
that caused him to submit so meekly to his aunt's domination, but 
he recognized from his earliest teens that he was sexually 
attracted to her.  When she would pull up her dress prior to 
spanking him, often revealing dark-brown stocking tops, garters, 
and bare thighs, Arthur would have to fight to keep from having an 
erection.  Alone in his room after a spanking, he invariably found 
relief by masturbating.
     From his early teens, Arthur strongly preferred robust, buxom 
young women who resembled his aunt.  It was not until he was into 
his twenties and away from his aunt's domination, however, that 
Arthur realized that he was hooked on the type of bizarre 
mistreatment she had administered.  Tormented by a strongly 
compulsive urge to be dominated and humiliated by a woman, be 
began searching for dominant women who would compel him to act out 
his fantasies.
     As a result, he found himself standing at the apartment door 
of Eleanor F.  The two of them had met by correspondence and she 
had assured Arthur he would never forget one of her treatments.  
Although he realized the potential dangers of completely 
delivering himself into the hands of a total stranger, Arthur was 
too driven by his compulsions to avoid the temptation.  Taking a 
deep breath, he knocked on the door.
     Arthur's heart began pounding rapidly as the door swung open.  
Eleanor stood in the doorway, her hands on her sides, glaring 
malevolently at him.  An attractive brunette, she was robust, 
buxom, and obviously quite strong-just the type of woman to whom 
Arthur was most attracted.  She wore a sleeveless white blouse, 
arm-length black kid gloves, formfitting leather skirt hemmed to 
end about three inches above the knees and slit along each side, 
black nylon hose, and gleaming patent leather pumps with four-
inch-high heels.  "Come in if you dare!" Eleanor told him in a 
contemptuous voice.  "But don't forget to close the door behind 
you!"
     Although his knees felt slightly weak under him, Arthur could 
not resist the temptation.  Stepping inside, he closed the door 
behind him.  Eleanor's apartment was lavishly furnished but Arthur 
was too overcome by her to notice the surroundings.  In the 
presence of the striking and haughty dominatrix, he found himself 
quite tongue-tied and helpless, much as he had been when 
undergoing discipline from his aunt.
     With confident strides, Eleanor walked over to an easy chair 
and seated herself.  Crossing her legs with a rustle of nylon, she 
did not bother to adjust her black leather skirt that rode back to 
reveal black stocking tops and a glimpse of milk-white thigh.  Her 
legs were full, almost heavy, but quite shapely and smooth, and 
Arthur could not refrain from gazing at them in obvious 
fascination.
     "Now, tell me, why are you here?" Eleanor asked with an 
imperious smile, knowing only too well that her latest masculine 
victim would experience considerable embarrassment in trying to 
verbalize his feelings in front of her.
     "Well, I ... er ..." Arthur found himself stammering as he 
tried to answer the surprising question.
     "Go ahead, tell me!" Eleanor demanded, flashing him an angry 
glance.
     "Well, I came be--because ..." Arthur continued to stammer, 
becoming red in the face.
     Eleanor was quite amused at his embarrassment, but could see 
that he was plainly at a loss for words and decided that there was 
no point pushing that type of torment too far.  "You came here to 
be my sex slave, isn't that right?" she asked in a commanding 
voice.
     "Y-yes!" Arthur managed, unable to meet her withering gaze.
     "In that case, you can't stay dressed up like a real man!" 
Eleanor told him in a sarcastic voice.  "Take off your clothes!  
All of them!"
     Arthur gasped at the surprising and quite humiliating 
command.  Quite aware that she was watching him with the utmost 
condescension, he began disrobing and was soon down to his shorts.  
Red-faced and feeling thoroughly humiliated, he managed to bring 
himself to remove them.  He could see the look of bemused 
superiority on her face as he finally stood in front of her, 
completely nude.
     "Put that on!" Eleanor demanded suddenly, tossing a pair of 
pink nylon panties on the floor in front of him.
     With fumbling fingers, Arthur embarrassedly picked up the 
wispy garment.  Nearly tripping, he somewhat awkwardly stepped 
into the panties and pulled them up his legs.  The tiny nylon 
garment clung to him firmly, and Arthur's cheeks burned hotly as 
he stood meekly in front of his bizarre tormentress attired in the 
shameful feminine garment.  Despite his deep humiliation, he could 
feel his excitement rising at the prospect of being put through 
his paces by such an attractive dominatrix.
     "You look very sweet in your panties, slave!" Eleanor told 
him, just to torment him.  "Now, down on your knees, this 
instant!" Her voice was suddenly harsh and strident, and she 
pointed a gloved.  forefinger haughtily toward the floor.  Almost 
without thinking, Arthur collapsed to a kneeling position in front 
of her.
     Eleanor uncrossed her legs and extended her feet together, 
her gleaming patent leather pumps directly in front of Arthur's 
face.  The submissive male slave gulped hard when he noticed that 
both gloved forefingers were pointing insistently toward her feet!  
"Kiss my shoes!" Eleanor demanded in a superior voice.
     Arthur swallowed and hesitated, feelings of intense 
humiliation mingling with excitement at the thought of performing 
such a submissive act.
     "Go ahead, slave!" Eleanor told him.  "It will teach you 
humility!"  Her forefingers continued to point insistently toward 
the pointed toes of her spike pumps.
     Unable to resist any longer, despite the humiliation 
involved, Arthur impulsively leaned forward and pressed his lips 
against the tip of her right shoe.  Feeling his lips in contact 
with the icy-smooth leather and sensing the nearness of her nylon-
clad feet and shapely legs, Arthur could feel the expanding 
tautness in the front of his panties.  Allowing his lips to linger 
for a moment, he proceeded to kiss the other shoe in the same 
fashion.  When he drew back afterwards, their eyes met for a brief 
moment, and his shamefaced look made it quite apparent to Eleanor 
that her latest male trainee was completely enthralled by her.
     "Stay on your knees," she told him.  "I'll be back in a 
minute."  She got up and strode from the room with purposeful 
strides. 
     Finding himself alone, Arthur obediently remained on his 
knees.  Although he couldn't help wondering what torments might be 
in store for him if he remained, he knew that he did not wish to 
escape the demanding dominatrix who obviously understood the art 
of tormenting the male.  Eleanor returned in a moment and Arthur 
gave a start when he noticed that she was carrying a tray of 
bondage materials.
     "Please, you don't have to tie me up!" he told her.
     "I'll make all the decisions!" Eleanor told him with a 
freezing glare.  "Now, hold out your hands!"
     Feeling helpless to resist, Arthur meekly extended his hands 
and watched as his wrists were quickly and efficiently snapped 
into a pair of stainless steel handcuffs.
     "See if you can get out of them!" Eleanor told him in a 
confident voice.
     As Arthur futilely tried to remove the manacles, Eleanor 
proceeded to snap leather cuffs around his ankles.  The two cuffs 
were connected by an eight-inch chain, which made it possible for 
him to walk only with very small steps.
     "You're not going to get away now!" Eleanor told him.
     Arthur realized that she was right, and began to wonder what 
he had let himself in for.  Knowing that he would have to suffer 
any torment she decided to inflict, he felt a growing sense of 
panic mingled with a strong surge of masochistic excitement at the 
thought that he was now the helpless captive of that buxom and 
attractive dominatrix.  He wanted to speak but his mouth felt 
parched.
     Eleanor fastened a leather dog collar around his neck, 
deliberately making it uncomfortably tight.  She clasped the leash 
attached to the collar in one gloved hand and looked down 
superiorly at him.  "Now I'm going to take you into my torture 
chamber, slave!" she informed him, in a voice that made it all too 
evident that she was really relishing the idea of tormenting him.  
"Believe me, I wouldn't want to be in your place for anything!"
     Arthur trembled noticeably as he listened to the threatening 
words, but she gave him no time to reply.
     "Come along!" the comely dominatrix ordered.  "You have to 
crawl, of course!  Let's go!"
     Yanking on the leash, she started leading him from the room.  
Shackled and wearing the shameful panties, Arthur felt a mixture 
of excitement and humiliation as she led him on all fours.  Gazing 
at her pencil-thin spike heels, steeply arched feet, and shapely, 
nyloned calves, he was a willing prisoner.
     Eleanor led him into the spare bedroom of her apartment, 
which had been set aside as a bondage studio.  The room was done 
in black leather, and numerous bondage devices, some of them quite 
bizarre, were strung on hooks on two of the four walls.  The third 
wall held an oversize mirror.  Hooks and similar devices were 
attached to the ceiling.  Arthur's eyes widened with surprise as 
he suddenly found himself in the strange and terrifying 
surroundings.  Almost instinctively, he tried to pull back, but 
Eleanor gave him a firm yank on the leash and forced him into the 
room.
     "Come in here, slave!" Eleanor demanded.  The dominatrix 
picked up a three-foot slender switch and slashed it vigorously 
across his pantie-clad buttocks.
     "Ow!" Arthur yelped with surprise and pain as the lithe 
switch cut smartly through the thin material of the panties.
     "You'll get some more of that if you try to resist me!" 
Eleanor warned in a menacing voice.  Yanking firmly on the leash, 
she pulled Arthur toward the middle of the room.
     Cowering on all fours, Arthur took a quick look around the 
bizarre room to examine the various bondage devices that were on 
display.  He realized that some of them might be employed on him 
that very evening and involuntarily shuddered as Eleanor closed 
the door to the torture room.  They both knew that she could do 
anything she wanted to with him and that he would simply have to 
suffer the consequences.  Her contemptuous, malevolent glare as 
she gazed down at him made it all too evident that she was going 
to enjoy making him suffer.
     Eleanor walked over to a dresser and picked up a device that 
resembled a pear.  It was in fact a chokepear, an efficient and 
extremely uncomfortable gagging device.  The choke-pear consisted 
of two halves of solid rubber held together by a metal mechanism 
at the large end.  The mechanism controlled a concealed inner 
spring which, when released, would force the two halves of the 
pear apart inside the wearer's mouth.  The spring was quite 
powerful and could not be controlled by the victim.
     "Open your mouth, slave!" Eleanor demanded, dangling the pear 
in front of his mouth.
     "Please, don't!" Arthur pleaded in a hoarse voice.
     Slash!  Eleanor brought her switch down against his bare back 
with a nasty slash.
     "Ow!" Arthur gasped as the switch cut into his flesh.  
Suspicious and reluctant but not really suspecting what the 
choke-pear could accomplish, Arthur submissively opened his mouth.  
Eleanor quickly popped the pear between his teeth and adjusted the 
mechanism to release the spring.  As the choke-pear suddenly flew 
open in his mouth, pushing his jaws painfully far apart, Arthur 
jerked as if a sudden jolt of electricity had been sent through 
him.  Making animal-like sounds of pain and distress, he 
frantically clawed at his mouth with his manacled hands in an 
effort to expel the painful object.
     "Take your hands away this instant!" Eleanor demanded, 
slashing at his bare hands with her switch.  Stung by the painful 
cuts across his hands, Arthur reluctantly lowered his them.  His 
face distorted by the expanded choke-pear in his mouth and unable 
to speak in an intelligible manner, Arthur mutely appealed with 
his eyes for release from the uncomfortable object.  But the cruel 
smile she flashed him in reply told him there would be no mercy 
from her.
     Without wasting any effort, the bizarre dominatrix lowered a 
rope from a mechanical pulley in the ceiling and fastened it 
securely to his handcuffs.  She then flicked the switch that 
activated the mechanical pulley and Arthur found himself slowly 
but surely being pulled in an upward direction.  Eleanor could not 
refrain from smiling at the wild look of alarm on his face as he 
realized what was happening to him.  She had deliberately arranged 
things so that he was facing the full-length mirror that adorned 
one wall and could therefore observe his own ascent.  It wasn't 
long before he was on his feet with his arms being pulled high 
over his head.  His muscles straining, Arthur began to wonder how 
much more he could stand.  Watching him carefully and thoroughly 
enjoying the discomfort she was inflicting on him, Eleanor did not 
turn off the switch until Arthur was standing on his tiptoes with 
every muscle in his body stretched to the utmost.
     Observing his own torment in the mirror, Arthur could hardly 
believe what was happening to him.  Yet he found it strangely 
exciting to be trussed up so helplessly in the bizarre bondage 
chamber of that buxom and attractive dominatrix.  He could see her 
in the mirror, standing slightly behind him and observing him with 
a mixture of amusement and contempt.  It seemed plain to Arthur 
that she hated men intensely and wouldn't stop at anything to 
humiliate or hurt them.
     With her new male slave reduced to total helplessness, 
Eleanor decided to torment him all the more by partially 
disrobing.  She loved to tantalize her helpless male victims by 
flaunting her voluptuous body in front of them, forcing them to 
watch, and denying them the feminine charms so provocatively 
displayed before their very eyes.  Deliberately standing behind 
him so that he could only watch her in the mirror, Eleanor began 
unfastening her blouse.  Arthur's eyes widened as he watched the 
blouse opening in front to reveal a well-filled black brassiere.  
Eleanor slowly removed the blouse completely and draped it over 
the back of a chair.  Next, she unfastened her black leather skirt 
and gracefully stepped out of it.  She was wearing a skimpy pair 
of black panties and matching garter belt.
     Clad only in her arm-length black kid gloves, black 
brassiere, panties, garter belt, sheer black nylon stockings, and 
skyscraper high heels, Eleanor paused for a moment just to 
tantalize her trussed-up masculine victim.  Forced to look at her 
through the mirror, Arthur gazed with fascination at her lush, 
scantily clad figure.  Forgetting for a moment the discomfort he 
was experiencing, he drank in her wide but smooth white shoulders, 
steeply pointed black brassiere, narrow waist, plump pantie-clad 
hips, and full but shapely, nylon-clad legs.
     Reaching behind her, Eleanor unfastened her brassiere and 
began removing it.  Arthur's eyes widened as the two plump mounds 
tumbled from the black cups of the brassiere, jouncing saucily in 
front of his eyes at their sudden freedom.  The boldness she 
displayed in flaunting her voluptuous figure in front of him was a 
vivid reminder to Arthur that he was totally helpless and at her 
mercy.  Arthur watched as if hypnotized as she hooked her gloved 
fingers into the waistband of her black panties at each side, and 
with deliberate slowness began pulling down the wispy garment.  
Watching intently in the mirror, Arthur saw the triangle of 
luxuriantly rich brown hair slowly come into view.  Eleanor was 
proud of the thick, almost shaggy, growth of brown hair between 
her legs, and loved to torment her masculine victims with it in 
various ways.
     Tossing the panties aside, Eleanor paused for a moment behind 
him to give him a view of her voluptuous figure.  Clad only in her 
long black gloves, garter belt, black nylon hose, and high heels, 
she created an almost blinding effect on her helplessly trussed-up 
victim.  Gazing at her plump, pink-tipped breasts and the lush 
triangle of brunette hair between her legs, Arthur was willing to 
serve her any way she demanded regardless of the humiliation and 
pain she might exact as her price.
     "Now I think it's time for me to play with you awhile!" 
Eleanor told him, in a voice that made plain she was really going 
to relish the task.  With his body strung up in total helplessness 
and his jaws painfully distended by the choke-pear, Arthur could 
do nothing but shudder as be observed the sadistic dominatrix.  
picking up the whipping switch.  Standing behind him and to his 
left, she took careful aim with the switch, allowing it to brush 
against the thin seat of his panties.  Watching in the mirror, 
Arthur braced for the assault.
     Swish!  The switch hissed through the air and landed squarely 
across the tightly stretched seat of his panties.  Arthur's 
helpless body twitched reflexively as the switch stung sharply 
across both sides of his hips.  Eleanor observed his reaction with 
a faint smile on her lips and then, tucking the switch under her 
arm for a moment, stepped forward and rudely yanked his panties 
down to expose his hips.
     Swish!  This time the switch landed on his completely bare 
hips, stinging like a lick of fire.  The choke-pear in his mouth 
rendered Arthur's cry of pain inarticulate, and his entire body 
tensed as he tried to brace himself for the punishment.  Glancing 
at the front of his body in the mirror, Eleanor detected the 
erection that betrayed his true feelings about the cruel treatment 
she was inflicting upon him.
     Swish!  Swish!  Swish!  Eleanor began applying the switch 
vigorously to his defenseless buttocks, swinging from various 
angles to obtain the maximum coverage.  Forced to endure the 
energetic switching, Arthur wondered how much he could stand.  His 
outcries of pain were completely muffled by the bizarre and 
uncomfortable gag in his mouth, while his buttocks burned and 
prickled and itched in a thoroughly maddening manner.  To add to 
his discomfort, every muscle in his body ached from being 
stretched out in that torturous position.
     Observing her victim closely both directly and in the mirror, 
Eleanor continued putting the switch to him with forceful snaps of 
her wrist.  The sight of his twitching body, the crisscrossed red 
lines on his buttocks, and his erection made the task all the more 
enjoyable for the sadistic dominatrix.  She always found 
particular enjoyment in chastising a sexually aroused male, as if 
she were punishing him for his arousal.
     "Mmmm!  Mmmmm!" Arthur tried to protest and plead through the 
restricting gag, but his muffled and half-choked attempts made no 
sense.  Tears in his eyes, he tried to look back over his shoulder 
to appeal to his punishment mistress.
     Swish!  Swish!  The cumulative effect of the vigorous 
switching made each new application all the more painful.  
Arthur's strung-up body twitched spasmodically each time the 
switch lashed across his burning buttocks.  Tears washing down his 
cheeks, he gasped for breath and continued to make muffled sounds 
through the expanded choke-pear in his mouth.
     Finally, Eleanor decided that it was time to subject him to 
some other form of torment.  Tossing the switch aside, she flicked 
the switch that reversed the overhead pulley.  The rope that held 
him up suddenly relaxed and Arthur found himself standing normally 
on the floor once again.  Eleanor released the rope, allowing him 
to drop his manacled hands in front.  He was breathless and weak, 
and could offer no opposition as Eleanor pushed downward on his 
shoulders to force him to his knees in front of her.
     Arthur gulped as he found himself staring at close range into 
the triangle of rich brown hair.  In a thoroughly contemptuous 
manner, Eleanor grasped his head with both gloved hands and 
suddenly pushed his face lightly against the thick underbrush.  
Grinding her hips, she rubbed his face in it.  "That's just a 
sample of what you'll have to do for me, slave!" she told him as 
she released his head.  "Now I'm going to take that gag out of 
your mouth.  But if I hear one single word from you, back in it 
goes!  Understand?"
     Desperately eager to get the painful choke-pear out of his 
mouth, Arthur nodded his head vigorously.  Eleanor began working 
with the mechanism that controlled the spring, and the pressure 
inside his mouth immediately began to subside.  The two halves of 
the pear gradually came together, and Eleanor finally pulled the 
device from inside his mouth.
     "Remember, I want complete silence out of you or else!" 
Eleanor warned him.
     Cowering on his knees on the floor, Arthur watched with a 
mixture of fear and excitement as the scantily clad dominatrix 
walked over to a leather chair and seated herself.  Attired only 
in her long black gloves, garter belt, black stockings, and 
gleaming high heels, the bizarre bondage queen gazed down 
haughtily at her helpless male slave.  Tormented and thoroughly 
aroused by her voluptuous charms, Arthur wanted to speak but did 
not dare.
     "You're going to worship me, slave!" she informed him in an 
imperious voice.  As she spoke, the attractive dominatrix moved to 
the outer edge of the chair and spread her legs well apart.  
Arthur gazed intently at the heavy triangle of dark brown hair 
which almost entirely concealed the pink lips of her vulva.
     Crawling on all fours, he began making his way over to her.  
Eleanor pointed a gloved forefinger toward the floor.  "You must 
start at my feet!" she informed him with a sneer.
     Feeling completely abased but eager to comply with her 
bizarre demands, Arthur immediately lowered his face to her feet 
and began kissing her shoes.  "Kiss my shoes all over!" Eleanor 
told him, watching him closely.  "Take your time about it!"
     His face burning, Arthur kissed the gleaming patent leather 
spike pumps from toe to heel as she had demanded.  Masochistic 
excitement mounting as he performed the degrading task, Arthur 
could not refrain from licking the smooth leather with his tongue.  
Eleanor watched his submissive performance with obvious 
satisfaction.
     Barely able to restrain his excitement, Arthur moved his lips 
from her shoes to the cobwebby nylon covering her feet.  Shod in 
the four-inch high heel pumps, her pretty feet were arched almost 
vertically in a manner the young male slave found quite 
enthralling.  Trembling with agitation, he kissed her nylon-clad 
feet ardently, pressing his lips tightly against them.  Gradually, 
he began working upward with his lips, licking her ankles and full 
but shapely calves.
     "Take your time or I'll make you go back and start over 
again!" Eleanor warned him.
     Gazing upward from time to time at the brunette delta where 
he would ultimately have to worship his bondage queen, Arthur 
worked his lips up her nylon-clad calves to her rounded knees.  A 
disdainful smile on her face, Eleanor observed him carefully.  
Moving farther between her legs, he began kissing her plump, 
tapering thighs.  Trying not to move too quickly, he worked his 
way up to the expanded tops of her black nylons and finally 
allowed his lips to brush against the velvety smooth bare flesh.  
Eleanor spread her thighs wider apart to receive his enforced 
attentions, and watched haughtily as he eagerly began kissing her 
bare thighs.  It wasn't long before his face was brushing against 
the thick underbrush of brunette hair, and he could feel her 
smooth thighs brushing against the sides of his cheeks.  Unable to 
restrain himself any longer, Arthur buried his face in the thick 
bush and planted a firm kiss on her vulva.  Eleanor clamped her 
gloved hands down on his head, pressing his face tightly against 
her and allowing him no escape.
     "Use your tongue, slave!" the buxom dominatrix urged.
     It was a command that did not have to be repeated.  Arthur 
eagerly extended his tongue and began to flick it against the 
soft, plump lips of her vulva.  His face buried in the brunette 
delta, he couldn't see what he was doing and had to grope with his 
tongue.  By extending his tongue as far as possible, he managed to 
work it between the outer folds of her vulva.
     "Keep doing it!" Eleanor demanded, pushing his head closer to 
her with her gloved hands.
     Her feminine fluids soaking his face and trickling into his 
mouth, Arthur worked his tongue up and down inside her split.  
Thoroughly enjoying his servile caresses, Eleanor began working 
her pelvic muscles back and forth in simulated coital movements.  
Flicking her clitoris and vaginal entrance with his tongue, Arthur 
found himself swimming in, feminine honey to the extent that his 
sucking sounds were quite audible.
     Completely aroused by this time, Eleanor could not resist the 
opportunity to inflict more discomfort on her servile male slave.  
With a suddenness that completely astonished Arthur, she 
forcefully lifted him upward and turned him face down over her 
lap!
     "Aaaah!" Arthur gasped as she clamped her buxom thighs 
painfully tight around his erect penis.
     Smack!  Eleanor's gloved hand smacked down vigorously against 
his bare buttocks.
     "Owww!" Arthur yelped, his manacled legs swinging backward in 
response to the smarting spank.
     Smack!  Keeping a firm grip on his stiff penis with her 
strong thighs, Eleanor began spanking his bare bottom smartly with 
her gloved hand.  His buttocks still stung and prickled 
uncomfortably from the switching, which made the hand spanks hurt 
all the more.  Blinking back tears and gritting his teeth to keep 
from crying out, Arthur jerked reflexively each time her gloved 
hand came into contact with his bare bottom.
     "You need lots of discipline, slave!" Eleanor told him, 
continuing to apply her gloved palm without pause.
     "Ouch!  Oh!  Don't!" Arthur gasped in a hoarse voice.
     Smack!  Smack!  Eleanor smacked first one cheek and then the 
other, quickly reddening his bottom.  Each vigorous smack produced 
an outcry of pain from Arthur, who found himself writhing in 
anguish across her nylon-clad thighs.  Despite the pain and 
humiliation he was enduring, he found rising masochistic 
excitement in having to submit to discipline from his mistress's 
gloved hand and made no real effort to escape the punishing blows.
     "Your bottom is getting red, slave!" Eleanor told him in a 
sarcastic voice.
     "Ouch!  Oh!  Please!  Oww!" Arthur exclaimed each time her 
gloved hand descended against his burning bottom.
     Smack!  Whack!  Smack!  Eleanor began spanking even harder, 
bringing her gloved hand down with crisp, ringing spanks.  His 
bottom burning and throbbing painfully all over, Arthur began to 
sob quite heavily.  Jerking against the bonds that held him 
prisoner, the hapless male slave twisted about on his bed of 
masochistic torment.  Eleanor took great satisfaction in watching 
his masculine buttocks turn a fiery scarlet under her capable 
palm; it was always a pleasure to see such visible evidence of the 
pain she had been inflicting.
     "There!  That ought to hold you for awhile!" Eleanor told him 
as she applied a final extra-hard spank.  With a rude shove, she 
pushed him off her lap to the floor.  Arthur lay in a heap on the 
floor, sobbing hard but highly aroused by the bizarre abuse he had 
suffered.  Eleanor quickly got to her feet and walked over to pick 
up the switch she had previously discarded.  Still attired only in 
her long gloves, garter belt, black stockings, and spike-heeled 
pumps, she stood in front of the full-length mirror with her legs 
well apart and the switch held menacingly in her hands.  The thick 
triangle of hair at the fork of her legs was glistening with 
moisture.
     "Come over here, slave!" she demanded, pointing a gloved 
forefinger to her midsection.
     It was apparent what she wanted.  Crawling on all fours, 
Arthur quickly made his way over to her and buried his face in the 
moist clump of hair.  Eleanor spread her legs even farther apart 
to give him more space to work in.  Her gloved hands pressed 
against his head, plastering his face against her wet charms.  
"Bring me to a climax!" the sadistic dominatrix ordered.  "And use 
your hands on yourself!"
     When Arthur hesitated about complying with the humiliating 
order, Eleanor slashed the switch smartly down his back.  Arthur 
quickly capitulated, his manacled hands fumbling and stroking his 
erect member.  Glancing back over her shoulder, Eleanor watched 
his bizarre self-manipulation in the mirror. 
     "Go on!" she urged, flicking him continually with the switch 
to spur him on.  "Bring us both to a climax!"
     Highly aroused by the masochistic ordeal to which he had been 
subjected, Arthur frantically worked his tongue up and down her 
pink groove while at the same time manipulating his throbbing 
penis.  Despite the humiliation of having to masturbate in front 
of her, he was completely overwhelmed with masochistic excitement 
and soon ejaculated with vigorous spurts.  Thoroughly enjoying his 
self-abasement in the mirror, Eleanor quickly experienced her own 
orgasm.
     Nearly exhausted by the bizarre treatment, Arthur spent 
sometime alone in the bathroom afterward trying to recover.  He 
looked quite meek and more than a little sheepish when he finally 
emerged.  Eleanor, who had replaced her clothing, was seated with 
her shapely legs crossed in her living room easy chair.
     "I wonder if we could, er, could get together again," Arthur 
inquired somewhat embarrassedly.
     Pleased but not surprised to find that she had added another 
male slave to her stable, Eleanor smiled imperiously at him.  
"I'll be even harder on you next time, slave!" she warned.




                             Chapter 4
                          Marital Bondage

     "For the past couple of years, my husband and I have 
experimented with bondage and we both agree that it has added a 
great deal of spice to our sex life!"
     The above statement, by a pretty young woman, demonstrates 
the growing acceptance of bondage as a form of erotic foreplay by 
many of today's married couples.  As modern couples continue to 
experiment with wider variations of sexual activity, bondage and 
other sexual games once thought to be kinky, or even perverse, 
have enjoyed a surprising surge in popularity.  We have already 
examined some of the reasons underlying this development, and in 
this chapter we will review this phenomenon specifically within 
the marital context and with particular reference to situations 
where the female plays the submissive role.
     Although there are a variety of reasons why married couples 
indulge in bondage activities, there appear to be two principal 
explanations.  In the first place, male-dominant bondage allows 
the parties to enact erotic fantasies that conform with 
traditional concepts about the appropriate role for each sex.  In 
a confusing world of changing sexual patterns, women's liberation, 
and even female domination, male-dominant bondage sessions 
reassert the old-fashioned concepts that equate femininity and 
helplessness, masculinity and aggressiveness.  Thus, in commenting 
about their bondage sessions, many married couples make the point 
that bondage allows them to play traditional roles denied to them 
in real life.  Remarks one young housewife: "Of course, the days 
when a man could simply hit a woman over the head with a club and 
drag her off to his cave are long past.  But I think a lot of us 
still have a longing for the cave-man type and the concept of the 
aggressive man overpowering the female.  With my husband and 
myself, bondage helps us to act out these fantasies.  It makes me 
feel more feminine and I think it makes my husband feel more 
masculine."
     The second principal reason underlying the growing popularity 
of marital bondage has been the discovery that bondage often works 
wonders in releasing inhibitions.  Even in this relatively 
enlightened age, many women come from backgrounds that are 
astonishingly repressive as far as sex is concerned.  Such women 
often develop strong inhibitions about sex, and, when they allow 
themselves to indulge in sexual activity, they experience 
correspondingly strong guilt feelings.  For such women, bondage 
provides a neat solution for their problems.  Bound in helpless 
subjugation, they can indulge in various sexual acts with reduced 
or no feelings of guilt since they can rationalize that they are 
being forced to submit and have no choice in the matter.  This is 
particularly true with respect to fellatio.  Many women with 
strong inhibitions about oral sex find that they can perform, and 
even enjoy, fellatio when tightly bound and "forced" to perform 
the act.  Remarks one housewife: "Before discovering bondage, I 
couldn't possibly have performed fellatio.  Now, when I'm trussed 
up to the point where I can barely budge, I find that it's not 
only easy but quite enjoyable.  But I must have the feeling that 
I'm being forced to do it."
     Another woman described her husband's bondage-fellatio 
technique as follows: "When my husband decides that a bondage 
session is in order for me, I must dress only in bra, panties, 
garter belt, nylon stockings, and high heels.  Dressed like that 
and carrying some clothesline rope for him to tie me up with, I 
have to report to the living room.  My hands and elbows are tied 
tightly behind my back and my legs are tied at the ankle and knee, 
leaving me completely helpless.
     "I am then placed face-down over a rather long wooden coffee 
table with my head extending over one end.  My husband then sits 
on a hassock in front of me so that my head is in his lap where I 
can fellate him.  He likes to stretch these sessions out as long 
as possible, making me use every trick in the book with my mouth 
and tongue to please him.  He keeps his hands on my head so that 
he can maneuver me as he wishes.
     "Believe it or not, I really enjoy being tormented like that.  
To me, being tied up completely helpless and having my mouth 
filled with that bone-hard thing of his is terribly exciting.  We 
both enjoy seeing how far I can take it in, and it gets pretty 
rugged at times.  Yes, I always take his climax in my mouth.  In 
fact, he likes for me to leave it in afterward until it really 
begins to go soft."
     The foregoing comments should not be construed to mean that 
bondage serves to relieve inhibitions only upon the part of the 
female partner.  In fact, many men find that they are able to 
perform much more adequately sexually when their female partner is 
in bondage.  "My wife and I are both ardent bondage fans," reports 
one man.  "I can be dead tired but the sight of her in scanty 
attire and tied up in some manner can always get me going."
     The following case histories will illustrate the bondage 
practices of some modern married couples.



                        Case History No. 5

     Sheila and Bryan L. are a married couple living in the 
Cleveland area.  A college graduate of thirty, Bryan is a civil 
engineer.  Sheila is a pretty honey blonde of twenty-seven who 
works as a fashion coordinator.  She has an excellent figure and 
was a finalist in the Miss Ohio contest several years ago.  The 
two of them have been married for three years.
     "Bryan got me started on bondage before we were married," 
Sheila related.  "At first, it was just mild things such as tying 
my hands behind my back when we were alone together in his car.  
It was a completely new experience for me, of course, and while it 
was a little uncomfortable and embarrassing at first, I soon began 
to find it enjoyable and a little exciting.
     "It soon became something of a regular thing for me to be 
restrained in some manner when we were out on dates together.  
Some of it was just in fun, of course.  For example, sometimes he 
would take me to a drive-in restaurant with my hands tied behind 
my back.  Despite my protests, he would leave me tied up and would 
feed me by hand himself.  Of course, that always made me feel like 
a helpless baby.
     "And of course sex was involved.  When my hands were tied 
behind me, he always made sure that my skirt was up so that my 
pantyhose were well on display.  Naturally, there was nothing I 
could do to keep his hands from roaming, and I invariably wound up 
blushing hotly and having my clothes in complete disarray.  
Although I'm not exactly the inhibited type, I still found that it 
was even more exciting to be helpless and unable to resist his 
advances.  Compared with some of the dates I had had, it was nice 
to feel that I was with a fellow who knew how to master a woman.
     "The first time we went all the way together, it was sort of 
an accident.  By that I mean neither of us had actually planned 
for it to happen that way.  it was a warm summer day and we had 
gone on a picnic together in a rather isolated wooded area near 
where I lived at the time.  I remember that I was wearing just a 
brief halter, white short shorts, and sandals.  Bryan had put some 
lengths of rope in the picnic basket, and after lunch persuaded me 
to let him tie me up.  He put me in a standing position against 
the trunk of a tree, tying my wrists together behind me and 
wrapping the ends of the rope around the trunk of the tree.  He 
then tied my torso to the tree just above and just below my 
halter, making the ropes quite tight and putting just enough 
pressure on my breasts to make me squirm a little.
     "I guess he had been planning to tie my legs together, but 
things never got quite that far.  I could see that he had a pretty 
big lump in his pants, and apparently the sight of me all trussed 
up and vulnerable like that finally got to him.  Anyway, the next 
thing I knew he was unbuttoning my shorts!  Of course, I screamed 
and protested, as any girl would under the circumstances.  
Remember that it was broad daylight and there was a possibility 
that anyone could have come upon us.
     "Well, despite my screams and protests, I was quickly 
deprived of my shorts, and there I stood blushing in a very skimpy 
pair of white panties.  I begged Bryan to replace my shorts for 
me, but instead he promptly began lowering my panties!  Of course, 
I nearly died at that.  Screaming and just begging him not to do 
such a thing to me, I just had to stand there and watch as my 
panties came down my legs, right off me, and into Bryan's pocket.  
There I stood, wearing only my halter and sandals!
     "Of course, you know what happened next.  Despite my blushes, 
screams, protests, and frantic efforts to break loose, I didn't 
have a chance.  Bryan didn't waste a second getting his pants 
open, and of course it was standing straight up.  Just as if I 
were some kind of animal, he shoved his hands between my legs and 
jerked them apart, lifting me right off my feet until my thighs 
were parallel with the ground.  He then stepped between my legs 
and sat me down on it, real hard!
     "Oh, was that ever wild!  Of course it was rape, although 
that word didn't specifically occur to me at the time.  Trussed-up 
like that, I couldn't do a thing to protect myself, and wound up 
crying and begging Bryan to have mercy on me.  He had his hands 
under my hips by this time and kept moving me up and down, while 
at the same time vigorously pumping his own hips.
     "I was soon nearly out of breath and almost in hysterics.  
But for some reason, being trussed-up like that and taken in such 
a brutal, almost savage, manner was wildly exciting.  Despite my 
tears and pleas for mercy, I could feel myself getting more worked 
up by the moment.  It hurt and my whole body ached, but I loved 
it.  I remember thinking that someone might discover us like that 
and would obviously think that Bryan was raping me, but that 
thought just seemed to make it all the more exciting.
     "We both came to a climax in a short time, and I think my own 
orgasm was even more intense than his.  Bryan was a little 
sheepish afterward, but I quickly assured him that I really loved 
it no matter how I had carried on.  Of course, after that 
experience we were really into bondage as a form of erotic 
foreplay.  I started reading up on it so that I could know as much 
about it as Bryan.
     "We began collecting bondage equipment of various types, and 
I began to experiment with various costumes.  Partly I suppose 
because of that first experience--both of us have a strong 
preference for outdoor bondage scenes.  We have a weekend cottage 
some miles from town, and we like to get there as often as we can 
for a bondage weekend.  There are some excellent bondage props in 
the cottage, but we prefer to get outdoors as much as possible.  
Not only are outdoor scenes attractive, but there's always the 
possibility that someone will discover us--which I always find 
very exciting."
     Like many bondage fans, Sheila and Bryan like to photograph 
some of their sessions.  Sheila showed me a set of eight outdoor 
photos taken of her during a recent weekend at their cottage.  The 
photos were so much better than commercially available photos that 
one could tell at a glance that the two of them were genuine 
bondage enthusiasts.
     In all of the photos, Sheila is fully dressed in long-sleeved 
blouse with bare midriff, short black pleated skirt, rolled black 
nylons, and black patent leather pumps with three-inch spike 
heels.  The photos all show her seated on the ground with her 
hands and elbows tied behind her back, while a scarf gag covers 
her mouth completely.  In some of the photos her legs are free, 
while in others her ankles are tied in a crossed position.
     In a couple of the photos, her knees are also tied together 
with an additional rope passed under her knees and around the back 
of her neck, forcing her knees nearly into contact with her chin.  
In all of the photos, her short black dress has been allowed to 
ride up over the tops of her rolled black stockings, leaving a 
glimpse of bare white thigh on view and making a highly appealing 
display of shapely legs in black nylons and high heels.
     "As you can see from the photos," Sheila explained, "we like 
imaginative costuming.  I almost always wear hose and heels, even 
during outdoor sessions in the woods where it's more than a little 
difficult to get around on spike heels.  Even during very informal 
sessions when I'm wearing just blouse and shorts, Bryan always 
insists that I wear high heels.
     "If we can't get away to the cottage for the weekend, then we 
arrange a session at home.  I think that all of the furniture in 
our house has been used as a bondage prop at one time or another.  
Since I like the sensation of being raped, I am often tied in a 
position that leaves me vulnerable in one way or another.  
Sometimes he will tie me and make me wait for what seems like 
hours, but waiting seems to make it all the more exciting.
     "At home, we also do outdoor bondage scenes whenever it's 
feasible.  We have some lawn furniture in back that is ideal for 
this purpose, and also some trees that we use from time to time.  
For example, one of his favorite tricks is to take me outdoors on 
a warm day just at dusk and tie me to one of those trees in a 
vulnerable position.  He then goes away and leaves me by myself, 
sometimes for an hour or even longer.  That's an experience that 
is not only uncomfortable but a little scary, but there's nothing 
I can do but wait.  His usual practice is to wait until it's 
really dark and then sneak up and attack me before I realize 
what's happening.  Believe me, that's an experience!  Sometimes in 
the dark I'm not even sure it's him, and it's a good thing I'm 
always tightly gagged on such occasions or everyone in the 
neighborhood would hear me screaming.  But, no matter how many 
times we've done it, I still get the wildest orgasms when I'm 
attacked like that.
     "Another bondage game we like to play is called Abduction.  
To make it more exciting for me, I'm never given any advance 
notice when he plans one of these sessions.  He will suddenly grab 
me, usually at a time when I don't even realize he's in the house, 
and quick as a jiffy I'll be tied, gagged, and sometimes even 
blindfolded.  He then dumps me over his shoulder like I'm a sack 
of flour, hauls me out to the car, and tosses me in the trunk.  We 
then go for a drive out in the country somewhere.  Of course, it's 
pitch-black and uncomfortable in the trunk anyway, and it seems as 
if he deliberately chooses the roughest country roads and has an 
absolute genius for hitting every chuckhole in the road.  As a 
result, I get bounced around like a basketball, but of course 
there isn't a thing I can do to make it easier for myself.  When 
we get to some rural and isolated area, he will stop the car and 
haul me out of the trunk.  Tossing me over his shoulder, he will 
carry me off someplace where we can't be seen from the road and 
rape me.  Once I remember he positioned me face-down over a tree 
stump, bared my bottom, and without further ado proceeded to take 
me from the rear.
     "These abduction games involve some really rough bondage and 
sex, but that makes it more exciting for both of us.  We're always 
trying to think up new games along this line.  For example, one 
time I played the role of the attractive female spy caught by the 
secret police.  That time I wound up supine and spread-eagled on 
the kitchen table wearing only garter belt and hose, while a 
sawed-off broomstick served as a dildo as I performed fellatio for 
him!
     "Thus far, the two of us have never attempted to get in touch 
with others who might share our interests.  I'm sure that our 
ideas are pretty far-out for most people, and I'd like to see the 
expressions on some of our friends' faces if they discovered some 
of the things we like to do.  But there can be no doubt that 
bondage and rough sex have added a great deal of spice to our 
life."



                        Case History No. 6

     Carol P. is a willowy blonde of thirty who lives in a 
well-to-do suburban area of St. Louis with her husband Jim, an 
architect.  A shapely and vivacious woman who worked as a 
restaurant hostess prior to her marriage, Carol has been married 
for four years.  She and her husband are dyed-in-the-wool bondage 
fans and the two of them engage in regular sessions.
     With Carol's complete acquiescence, Jim is the dominant 
member of the twosome.  Carol's life is regulated down to the last 
detail and in ways that other couples would not even consider.  
For example, Jim is in complete charge of Carol's wardrobe and 
selects all of her clothing for her.  He even has a code of dress 
regulations that she must abide by at all times.  For example, 
Carol is forbidden to even own a girdle even though she is rather 
girlishly plump in the hips and, in her opinion at least, needs a 
girdle at times.  Like many men, Jim also has an aversion to 
pantyhose and requires Carol to wear regular-length stockings and 
garter belt instead.  "As short as skirts are these days, I have 
to be very careful," Carol says.  "But even so, there are times 
when I just can't help showing hose tops and garters, such as when 
I'm getting out of the car.  Although it's very embarrassing for 
me, Jim insists that it's really sexy and won't have it any other 
way."
     When the two of them are alone around the house on evenings 
and weekends, the dress regulations require Carol to go about the 
house in ultra-short skirts that continually display stocking 
tops.  "I've never really gotten used to the idea of going around 
with my long legs constantly on display like that." Carol flushed 
a little as she spoke.  "But I must admit that it keeps Jim 
interested in me."
     Around the house, Carol is expected to wait on Jim hand and 
foot, catering to his every whim no matter how unreasonable it 
might be.  At times, she is required to serve him while fettered 
in serving shackles.  This consists of leather-and-chain hobbles 
at the ankles and stainless steel cuffs at the wrists.  Both the 
hobbles and the cuffs have ten-inch connecting chains, which 
permit her to move about and perform any assigned task although 
she must be careful.  Any complaints by Carol on such occasions 
may result in her serving a sentence in an antique metal scold's 
bridle that Jim acquired at considerable expense from a private 
collector.
     Another antique bondage device that Jim owns is a chastity 
belt picked up in England a few years ago.  He particularly enjoys 
making Carol wear it when they go out for an evening.  
"Deliciously embarrassing is the only way you can describe it," 
Carol remarked about the chastity belt.  "Of course, others don't 
know I'm wearing it but I'm still very self-conscious about it.  
And I always have to be careful that the outline of it doesn't 
show through my clothes."
     Along with bondage, the two of them share a mutual interest 
in dunking.  They have an outdoor swimming pool in their backyard 
that is well secluded and often serves as the stage for their 
bondage sessions.  Jim has even installed lights so that the pool 
can be used for nighttime bondage sessions.  In their garage, he 
keeps a modern replica of an old-fashioned dunking stool.  This 
consists of a solid wood armchair securely attached to a 
twelve-foot-long four-by-four.  When removed from the garage, the 
arrangement can be mounted on an inconspicuous platform at the 
side of the pool where it serves as an efficient dunking stool.
     "We've had several interesting episodes with that dunking 
stool," Carol related.  "In fact, the latest occurred just last 
Saturday and in broad daylight.  I had just returned from a 
shopping trip where I had had my hair done for a party we were 
going to that night.  It was a warm day and I was wearing a light 
but form-fitting summer dress, beige hose, and white pumps.
     "As soon as I got home, Jim called me out to the backyard.  
When I saw that dunking stool in position at the side of the pool, 
I knew only too well what he had in mind.  Of course, I tried to 
beg off, telling him among other things that it would simply ruin 
my new hairdo.  But when he has his mind made up on something like 
that, there really isn't much point arguing with him, and I soon 
found myself seated in that chair.
     "As usual, he tied me securely to the chair with various 
clothesline ropes.  My wrists and arms were tied to the arms of 
the chair, while my ankles and knees were tied to the front legs 
of the chair.  To make it more embarrassing for me and interesting 
for him, my dress and white slip were gathered up to the tops of 
my legs-leaving stocking tops, garters, and bare thighs completely 
on display.  Of course, I kept pleading with him to spare me at 
least until the party was over, but he wasn't even listening.
     "The next thing I knew the chair was swinging out over the 
water and, as usual, I was squealing as loud as I could.  After 
pausing for a moment to torment me, he simply released the chair 
and I went down like a rock.  In nothing flat, I was totally 
immersed in the water.  Oh, is that ever a horrible feeling to be 
trapped down there like that!  Although I know Jim isn't going to 
let me drown, it's still almost impossible to keep from panicking 
when you're so helpless like that.  As usual, Jim left me down 
there about as long as I could stand it, and I thought my lungs 
were going to burst before I finally felt the chair being lifted.  
Finally I emerged from the water, totally soaked of course and 
feeling very much like a drowned rat.  Needless to say, my new 
hairdo was totally in ruins.
     "Jim let me sit there at the side of the pool for a few 
minutes still tied in that chair.  Soaking wet and with my skirts 
still pulled up over my nylons, I know I made quite a sight.  Jim, 
who thinks that there is nothing more appealing than a girl who is 
soaking wet and tied up at the same time, couldn't take his eyes 
off me and I knew the session was far from over.
     "Finally, Jim untied me from the chair and I got to my feet.  
With my light dress and slip soaked clear through like that, 
naturally you could see everything.  Sloshing water in my shoes, I 
walked into the house with Jim following from the rear where he 
could enjoy the view.  Leaving a damp trail as I went, I made it 
to the family room bath where Jim had me peel off everything 
except my garter belt and stockings.
     "Still damp and shivering, I stood there trying hard not to 
complain as he fastened a wide leather dog collar around my neck.  
There was an extra-long slim leather leash attached to the collar, 
and from past experience I knew what that meant.  He passed the 
leash under my legs and brought it up quite firmly right between 
the crevice of my buttocks, and as a result I found myself 
standing up on my toes.  Believe me, that is a very uncomfortable 
and humbling way for a girl to be forced-marched to the main 
bedroom.  On the way, I caught sight of myself in the full-length 
hall mirror.  Oh, what a sight I made!  Long-legged and looking 
even longer-legged on my toes like that, wearing only garter belt 
and hose, with that humiliating collar and strap doing their 
meanest--I still blush just thinking about it.
     "In the bedroom, I soon found myself supine and spread-eagled 
on the bed with my wrists and ankles tied securely to the 
bedposts.  Jim quickly hooked up an electric vibrator he often 
likes to use on me, and it didn't take him long to get it firmly 
fitted into my vagina.  The speed of the vibrator can be regulated 
within quite a range, and he started it out nice and low.  In a 
moment, I was beginning to squirm and twist quite nicely.
     "He quickly peeled off his clothes and jumped on the bed 
astride me.  In a moment he was leaning over me, allowing his 
thing to dangle against my face.  It was partially hard to begin 
with, and it didn't take him long to get a good erection.  I 
opened my mouth and began working the tip in.  I like to do it 
nice and slow, with plenty of tongue-flicking, and I could tell 
that he appreciated it.  He was working the vibrator adjuster with 
his hand, and he turned it up a notch.
     "He let me work it into my mouth at my own speed.  He's 
pretty well built down there and it's always a real mouthful to 
manage at first.  By pausing at various stages, I managed to get 
it in very deep, the way he likes it.  Once again he turned the 
vibrator up a notch and waited for a few moments while I got 
accustomed to having my mouth filled like that.  Finally, I turned 
my head from side to side under him, letting him know that I was 
ready for him to begin stroking.
     "Turning up the vibrator to make me squirm all the more, he 
slowly began pumping back and forth atop me.  I always love this 
type of double assault when I'm completely helpless like that, and 
I was soon wriggling and moaning under him.  He took his time 
about it, but gradually I could feel the strokes becoming faster 
and the penetration deeper.  Every few seconds he would turn the 
vibrator up a little more, and soon had me pumping my pelvis with 
regular movements.
     "Finally, I couldn't hold back any longer and simply went 
wild!  Moaning and making all kinds of animal noises, I flopped 
around under him as much as I could and sucked like crazy on that 
rock-hard stick of his.  He was thrusting for-ward, hard, with 
each stroke, really jamming it in me nearly to my throat.  That 
hurt, but the pain just turned me on all the more.  He waited 
until the very last moment before turning the vibrator up to full 
speed.  That really made me jerk around under him, and I braced 
myself for what I knew was going to be a real load in the mouth.  
He thrust forward with one final ram and I could feel the jets of 
warm fluid splashing against the back of my mouth.  With that 
vibrator going full blast and his thing popping off deep inside my 
mouth, I felt totally conquered, completely overwhelmed.  That's 
just the feeling I need to really set me off and I went off like a 
string of firecrackers.
     "That's a sample of the type of bondage fun and games that 
Jim and I go in for.  As you can see, we like costuming, dunking, 
bondage, and of course plenty of wild sex."



                        Case History No. 7

     Doris and Larry W. have been married for fifteen years and 
both are in their late thirties.  Doris is a brunette of medium 
height, pleasantly buxom without being overblown, who looks much 
younger than her actual age.  The two of them live in a suburb of 
Chicago, where Larry works as a salesman.  They are both confirmed 
bondage fans and have been so as long as they can remember.
     "My husband and I get a little amused when we hear the 
under-thirty crowd acting as if they invented kinky sex," comments 
Doris.  "My husband and I have been confirmed bondage fans, or you 
might more accurately say bondage-spanking fans, since our 
marriage fifteen years ago.  And, I might add, we're just as much 
interested in it today as we ever were.  With us, it's a way of 
life and we wouldn't think of changing."
     In their relationship, Larry plays the dominant role.  "I 
grew up in a home where the male was boss, but definitely," 
explains Doris.  "My father kept my sister and me in line with 
spankings even when we were in our late teens and early twenties.  
Of course, you have to remember that this was nearly twenty years 
ago when things weren't so permissive as they are today, and in 
those days we weren't the only girls who got our bottoms warmed 
when we needed it.
     "Those spankings were never any laughing matter either.  They 
were always completely bare-bottom affairs, even when we were 
fully grown, which often meant unhooking stockings and lowering 
our girdles as well as our panties.  Dad used his hand and an old-
fashioned leather razor strap, and never stopped until the 
physical evidence persuaded him that we had learned our lesson.  
That meant flaming-red, burning-hot buttocks that stayed glowing 
hot for hours afterward.
     "I can still vividly remember the humiliation of having to 
unfasten my good nylons, pulling down my girdle and panties, and 
hoisting my skirts before getting across Dad's knees.  But the 
burning pain and heat of the spanking always made me overlook the 
humiliation, at least for the time being.  Of course, all of this 
is ancient history now, but it does explain why I like the idea of 
having a man in charge of the house."
     As he has done for a number of years, Larry tries to schedule 
at least one bondage session a week and sometimes arranges two.  
"As many times as we've done it," Doris explains, "I still get 
very apprehensive and do a lot of nail-biting beforehand.  When 
Larry decides to conduct an evening session at home, he calls me 
around noon to give me advance notice.  Of course, this gives me 
several hours to think about it and I usually manage to get myself 
worked up into a pretty good state.
     "On such evenings, it is understood that I must be in my 
bondage uniform when he gets home.  Although variations occur from 
time to time, the basic costume consists of sleeveless white satin 
blouse, full arm-length black kid gloves, abbreviated and very 
tight black satin skirt a couple of sizes too small, black nylon 
hose, and spike-heeled patent leather pumps.  The undies must all 
be black: brassiere, panties, and extremely tight girdle of nylon 
and spandex elastic.  This outfit is designed to be both appealing 
and restrictive, and I must say that it accomplishes both 
purposes.  The skirt is so tight that it serves almost like a pair 
of hobbles, forcing me to take very tiny steps.  To climb stairs 
or perform similar acts, I simply have to lift it out of the way.  
The girdle is also very tight, much tighter than I would normally 
wear.
     "Wearing that outfit, I have to serve Larry drinks and dinner 
as if I were the maid.  Of course, in that restrictive outfit I'm 
a little uncomfortable and it's difficult getting around in that 
tight skirt, but Larry always enjoys making me wait on him like 
that.  Knowing, or least having a good idea of, what's in store 
for me afterward, I always find it is a good idea not to complain 
too much.
     "After dinner he takes me into his study for the first stage 
of the ceremonies.  A plain wooden chair is placed in the middle 
of the room, and I am required to sit backwards on it, moving as 
close to the back of the chair as I can get.  This of course 
leaves my legs split well apart and pulls my skirt up to reveal 
stocking-tops, garters, and bare thighs.  First, my gloved wrists 
are tied together in a crossed position in the small of my back.  
Next, my ankles are tied to the back legs of the chair.  To make 
me feel all the more helpless, my thighs are then tied quite 
securely to the sides of the chairs by ropes wrapped tightly 
around my thighs just below the tops of my stockings.  Of course, 
while this is going on there is nothing for me to do but sit there 
and stew.  Next, he brings out the leather punishment helmet.  The 
one we have is made of brown leather, opens with a zipper, and is 
mounted on a firm leather discipline collar that fits snugly 
around the neck.  The helmet has openings only for the nostrils 
and the mouth, and is well padded around the ears to block out 
most sounds.  It is quite an imposing punishment device, and I 
always swallow a little hard at the prospect of being imprisoned 
in it.
     "Of course, my wishes are never consulted in the matter, and 
my head and neck are promptly confined in the collar and helmet.  
When my husband zips it up, that helmet really fits my head like a 
glove, even outlining my features.  Of course, I can't see myself 
in it but Larry has taken some pictures of me in it so that I know 
what I look like.
     "Next comes the gag, which is always mandatory as far as 
Larry is concerned.  Although he occasionally likes to experiment, 
he basically prefers to employ a rubber ball with a length of rope 
inserted through it.  I'll have to admit that that rubber ball is 
devilishly effective.  When he pushes it between my teeth and ties 
the rope tightly at the base of my neck, I have no choice but to 
constantly bite down on the gag, and that soon has my jaws 
definitely feeling it.
     "When I have been helmeted and gagged like that, a leather 
leash is attached to a ring on the front of the discipline collar.  
My legs are untied for the time being and I am helped to my feet.  
My hands are left tied behind my back but that doesn't mean they 
have nothing to do.  My satin skirt is rolled up and I am required 
to hold it up with my hands."
     At this point, Doris produced a photograph which showed her 
attired and shackled in the manner she had been describing.  The 
photo shows her head completely encased by the leather helmet, 
while the rubber-ball gag forces her mouth wide apart, and the 
discipline collar forces her to hold her head severely upright.  
Her wrists are tied in a crossed position behind her back and her 
gloved fingers are holding up her black satin skirt to reveal 
plump, tapering white thighs emerging from the tops of sheer black 
stockings.  The whole effect of the photo is of helpless and 
willing submission.
     "Larry then takes the leash and leads me down to a spare room 
in the basement which we have set aside as a bondage chamber.  He 
uses all sorts of bondage positions and, during the course of a 
session, I am usually tied in at least three different positions.  
The helmet and gag are always left in place so that I can't see 
what's in store for me and can't complain no matter what he does 
to me.  He has quite an imagination, and some of those sessions 
can really get grueling after awhile.
     "For example, at our session last week he started me out by 
removing my skirt and tying my legs very tightly together at the 
ankles and knees.  He then attached a rope to the bonds at my 
wrists and began pulling it upward through one of several overhead 
devices he has installed in the ceiling.  It wasn't long before I 
was bending very far forward, and was beginning to feel 
considerable strain on my arms and shoulders.  He didn't stop 
until I was standing well up on my toes, and in fact was hardly 
touching the floor.
     "I don't know how long he kept me in that position, perhaps 
just a few minutes, but it seemed like forever.  It wasn't long 
before every muscle in my body was aching, and I was desperately 
trying to signal him through the gag to release me.  I'm sure it 
was a very appealing bondage pose as far as he was concerned, but 
it was pretty rugged for me.
     "The next position was easier, at least to begin with.  
Untying me completely, but leaving the helmet and gag in place, he 
had me stretch out supine on a low-slung wood coffee table that's 
about a foot high.  My knees hung over the end of the table, which 
permitted my ankles to be tied to two of the table legs.  He then 
passed my wrists under the coffee table and tied them somewhat 
loosely together.  Another rope was tied around my waist and the 
table.  That completed the bondage, which in itself was not too 
uncomfortable.  However, as soon as he had finished restraining 
me, he simply turned the table over on the floor!  This left me 
lying face down on the floor with that table right on top of me, 
and there wasn't a way in the world I could work my hands free.  
That basement floor of ours is good and hard, as I found out 
during the next fifteen minutes.  That position wasn't painful but 
it was wretchedly uncomfortable, and there were times when I 
thought he was going to leave me there all night.
     "When he released me, I thought I had had enough bondage for 
the evening and tried to tell him so through the gag.  But he had 
one more position in mind and that was a session on the wheel, as 
we call it.  We have a large, old-fashioned farm-wagon wheel 
mounted along one wall several feet off the floor in such a way 
that the wheel can be spun around quite freely.  Still helmeted 
and gagged, I didn't realize what Larry had in mind until he stood 
me on a wooden box and I could feel the wheel at my back.  A ride 
on the wheel is always wild and I found my knees getting a little 
weak under me at the prospect of being given a good spin.  Larry 
quickly tied my wrists and ankles to various spokes of the wheel 
in a slightly spread-eagle fashion.  Suddenly I felt the wheel 
turning, and around I went!  Larry kept turning the wheel and of 
course it kept gathering momentum with every turn.  Was that ever 
a wild sensation!  If it hadn't been for the gag, I'm sure the 
neighbors could have heard me screaming.  Larry didn't stop 
turning the wheel until I was completely breathless and hopelessly 
dizzy, and then he let the wheel run down of its own accord.  I 
wound up standing on my head and simply had to remain in that 
position until Larry released me a few minutes later.
     "I was a little wobbly on my knees and he gave me a couple of 
minutes to sort of recover my composure.  Before proceeding once 
again, he had me place my hands behind my back with each palm 
cupping the opposite elbow.  He then tied my wrists and forearms 
very securely together.  When I felt his fingers unfastening my 
stocking supporters and rolling my hose neatly down to my knees, I 
knew what was in store for me next and really found my knees 
getting watery under me.
     "Unzipping the zipper at the side of my girdle, Larry pulled 
it down with a firm yank to around my knees.  As might be 
expected, my panties were pulled down along with it, leaving me 
completely bare and vulnerable around the midsection.  He didn't 
waste much time pulling me face down over his lap, and I felt my 
thirty-nine inch bottom sticking up as bare as can be.  As usual, 
there was a horrid pause, and I found myself quivering and 
puckering while the helmet concealed my blushes.
     "He began with his hand, deliberately applying light spanks 
to torment me.  Smacking lightly and almost gently, and leaving 
his palm in place for a moment afterward, he began working up one 
side and down the other.  Helmeted, gagged, and helpless, I 
couldn't do much except squirm and kick my legs.  In a couple of 
moments, he began spanking a little harder, and I could feel 
myself getting nicely warm and prickly.  I knew I was getting pink 
back there, although of course I couldn't see for myself.
     "After that light warmup, I suddenly found myself receiving a 
very crisp zinger that smacked right across the crevice and really 
flattened me.  Of course, I bucked up and would have shrieked had 
it not been for the gag in my mouth.  Taking his time about it, he 
applied about a dozen similar smacks, making sure that both cheeks 
received equal coverage.  By this time, I was crying softly under 
my helmet while squirming and swinging my legs back and forth.  As 
usual on such occasions, I was noticeably wet between the legs and 
I suppose that shows what I really thought about being spanked 
while completely helpless.
     "As soon as the hand spanking came to a halt, Larry went to 
work with the strap.  He keeps an old-fashioned black leather 
razor strap well oiled just for such occasions, and my whole body 
jerked spasmodically as that sleek strap coiled around the curves 
of my buttocks.  The gag muzzled my howl as I felt the burning 
heat surging through my hips, and I instinctively tried to work my 
hands free to protect myself, although of course that was 
impossible.  He began applying the strap to me with slow, 
deliberate strokes, curving that smooth strap completely around my 
buttocks each time.  He really knows how to do it, and each 
application made my entire body jump as if a jolt of electricity 
had suddenly been passed through it.  My buttocks began to burn 
furiously with a deep, penetrating heat, and I was soon crying 
quite hard, although the helmet prevented that from being 
apparent.  Had it not been for the gag, I'm sure my shrieks would 
have been simply earsplitting.
     "The strapping just seemed to go on and on, really driving me 
frantic.  I squirmed and wriggled furiously on his lap, kicking my 
stockinged legs as much as my lowered girdle would permit.  As the 
bonfire continued to build up in my buxom hips, my excitement 
continued rising to a fever pitch, and I'm sure his trouser legs 
must have been quite soaked as a result.  Twisting my helmeted 
head around over my shoulder, I desperately tried to plead with 
him, but of course I couldn't make any sense through the gag.
     "The strapping suddenly came to a halt, and I found myself 
being forcibly lifted to my feet.  Still helmeted, gagged, and 
bound at the wrists, I was quickly positioned in a kneeling 
position on a wooden chair with my bosom resting on top of the 
chair, my burning and scarlet bottom jutting outward in back.  
Knowing that I was helpless and vulnerable in two ways, I couldn't 
do anything except tremble and drip between the legs.
     "In a moment, I felt his rigid cock probing my vulva and I 
breathed a sigh of relief.  Sometimes he goes the other way and 
he's so big that he nearly slices me apart.  He slipped it in, and 
I felt my vaginal walls expanding to receive it.  Grasping me at 
the waist to maneuver my body, he began pumping while I started 
working my hips around as fast as I could.  We were both so worked 
up that it didn't take us long to climax.  I always find it 
especially a thrill to have to submit to intercourse while I'm 
helpless to defend myself, and as usual on such occasions that 
made my orgasm all the more violent."




                             Chapter 5
                        Bondage Threesomes

     In this chapter, we will consider the subject of bondage 
threesomes with particular reference to married couples who seek 
outside participants for their bondage sessions.  As we noted in 
an earlier chapter, bondage threesomes occur in a variety of 
contexts.  Thus, a third party may serve either as a passive 
witness or as a participating witness.
     The passive witness performs a more important function than 
might be realized.  The additional humiliation of being observed 
by an outsider provides added and often intense masochistic 
excitement for the victim, and also helps to gratify the victim's 
unconscious exhibitionist tendencies.  Passive witnesses would 
probably be employed much more frequently were it not for the fact 
that many persons cannot be trusted to be discreet about such 
matters.
     A participating witness can serve in one of four capacities: 
sole aggressor, co-aggressor, sole victim, or co-victim.  Couples 
who are both submissive enjoy finding a third party who will put 
them through their paces together, while couples who are dominant 
like to find submissive individuals to serve in the role of 
victim.  In the latter case, the victim is most often a female.  
However, males sometimes serve in such roles; particularly men 
with strongly submissive-transvestite-bisexual tendencies.
     Normally a third party (nearly always female) will be sought 
out to play the role of co-victim in situations where the wife 
plays a submissive role in the marriage.  The co-victim in such a 
situation performs a number of functions, not the least of which 
is allowing the wife to satisfy her unconscious lesbian 
tendencies.  Single girls who desire to play the role of co-victim 
usually find no shortage of couples willing to allow them to play 
this role.
     A third party may also serve in the role of co-aggressor.  A 
male is rarely called upon to play this role, since dominant males 
do not want their participation and dominant females have no need 
for them unless their victims possess strong homosexual 
tendencies.  However, dominant females are often called upon to 
act in the role of co-aggressor.  This usually occurs in 
situations where the third party joins with another dominant 
female to inflict double torment upon a submissive male.  However, 
occasionally a dominant female will be called upon to assist a 
dominant male in inflicting masochistic torment upon a submissive 
female.  This most frequently occurs where the victim has strong 
lesbian tendencies, but also has strong inhibitions that permit 
her to indulge in lesbian activities only under duress.
     The following case histories will provide some examples of 
the activities of bondage threesomes.



                        Case History No. 8

     Betty C. is twenty-two, a college senior majoring in 
journalism.  A comely brunette who stands five feet, four inches 
and possesses an appealing 36-24-35 figure, Betty is an 
adventurous and fun-loving girl who has traveled extensively in 
Europe and the States.  She has had a succession of boyfriends but 
prefers to avoid any serious involvements at this stage of her 
life.  Betty regards herself as a sexual sophisticate and, among 
other things, has experimented with erotic bondage.
     "As far as I'm concerned, I practically earned a master's 
degree in sex last summer!" Betty remarked with an amused smile as 
our interview began.  "Let me explain.  Last summer I received an 
invitation to spend my vacation in Vancouver with a couple of 
friends of my older sister, whose names are Ken and Nancy.  I had 
never been in that part of the world before and jumped at the 
chance.
     "The scenery was breathtaking and I fell in love with the 
area immediately.  Ken and Nancy are only about four years my 
senior, so we had lots in common, Nancy is a leggy honey blonde 
who's very pretty and has a really eye-catching figure.  She 
worked as an airline stewardess with an international line before 
getting married, so she knows her way around.  Ken's family is 
quite wealthy and the two of them live on their own private estate 
in an extremely large house.  In fact, you might call it a 
mansion.  That of course meant they had plenty of room for me.  
The first few days there was plenty to keep me busy: horseback 
riding, swimming, sunning, and so on.  Either Ken or Nancy or 
usually both of them were with me most of the time.
     "However, I soon began to notice that Ken and Nancy bad a 
habit of slipping off to a small guesthouse that was located some 
distance from the main house.  Although it was obvious what they 
were up to, I was still rather puzzled about what was so special 
about the guesthouse.  After all, presumably they could have done 
the same thing in their own bedroom.
     "This continued for several days, and I must admit that my 
curiosity began to get the best of me.  One evening I noticed the 
two of them slipping away right at dusk, and couldn't resist the 
temptation to follow them.  After giving them a few minutes' head 
start, I walked down the path that led to the guesthouse.  It had 
grown quite dark and I had no fear of being accidentally 
discovered.  When I came closer to the guesthouse, I could see 
that a light was on and that one of the windows was wide open.  
When I got close enough to the guesthouse to take a peek inside, 
believe me, I had to clap a hand over my mouth to keep from 
screaming with surprise!  It was one of those scenes that you 
might read about or see in a movie, but it wasn't anything you'd 
expect to see in real life.
     "Wearing only a pair of dark-brown nylons and a garter belt, 
Nancy was strung up by her hands to a hook in the ceiling!  She 
was nearly off the ground, her entire body straining and her long 
blond hair flowing down her bare back.  Ken, stripped to his 
shorts, was standing behind her and to her left, and was putting a 
leather strap to her bare buttocks!!
     "I could hardly believe my own eyes.  On the surface, you 
would never dream that those two would go in for something like 
that.  Completely stunned by what I was watching, I stood there 
looking on as Ken continued applying that strap to her hips.  With 
each application, Nancy jerked almost spasmodically and, throwing 
back her head, would utter a cry that mingled pain with definite 
excitement.  It was readily apparent that she was thoroughly 
enjoying the bizarre abuse he was inflicting upon her.
     "That strapping just seemed to go on and on.  Although 
Nancy's buttocks soon became a flaming scarlet and every muscle in 
her body must have been aching from being stretched out like that, 
she never once complained or asked to be spared.  From time to 
time, I caught sight of her face and, though she was sobbing and 
her distress was quite apparent, it was obvious that she was 
wildly excited.  Ken never seemed to let up with the strap.  It 
was apparent from the hefty bulge in his shorts that he was 
thoroughly enjoying himself.  He had seemed like such a pleasant 
and bland fellow that it seemed almost impossible that he would be 
capable of inflicting such pain on a woman.
     "To my own astonishment, I found my own excitement rising as 
I watched that bizarre scene.  I tried to imagine what it must be 
like to be in Nancy's position with the strap being put to me 
unmercifully by a well-built and thoroughly aroused male.  I kept 
glancing at the bulge in Ken's shorts and wishing there was some 
way for me to get in on the act.
     "Nancy's pretty buttocks were fire-engine-red when Ken 
finally tossed the strap aside.  She was sobbing and begging him 
for sex in a highly aroused, almost abandoned, manner.  It was 
hard to imagine that such severe mistreatment could have excited 
her that much, but there was no doubt that she was simply carried 
away.
     "Biting my nails, I watched as Ken stripped off his shorts.  
Boy, was he ever built!  He stepped up behind her and grabbed her 
roughly, pulling her helpless body toward him.  Although I 
couldn't see distinctly, it was apparent from Nancy's earsplitting 
screams that he was impaling her anal canal on that thick pole of 
his!  The very idea made my knees get weak under me.  Sobbing and 
crying out with exclamations that mixed pain and excitement, Nancy 
writhed sensuously as he stood behind her pumping vigorously.  As 
they twisted about, I could see that sturdy red muscle pumping in 
the crevice of her buttocks.  It was a horrifying yet fascinating 
sight, and I found myself getting wet between the legs at the 
thought of being in Nancy's place.  The pain she was enduring must 
have been excruciating, but it was quite obvious that she really 
wanted it that way.
     "When their spasms and loud gasps made it apparent that they 
bad both achieved an orgasm, I decided that it was time for me to 
slip away.  I was shaking like a leaf from what I had seen and, 
deciding that I couldn't possibly face them that evening at least, 
I retired to my room for the night.  As I lay in bed, I couldn't 
take that bizarre sight out of my mind for anything.  It was so 
exciting, so compelling, that I kept thinking about it.  Feeling a 
little juvenile, I found myself masturbating and soon reached a 
warm, wet climax.
     "I finally drifted off to sleep afterward, but the next day I 
couldn't help thinking about what I had seen.  It was all so 
bizarre and different from anything I had ever experienced that my 
curiosity was simply overwhelming.  For some reason, I knew I 
wanted to at least experiment with it.  Although I naturally had 
grave reservations about what I was doing, that afternoon I 
confessed to Nancy that I had seen everything the previous 
evening.
     "She looked quite surprised and embarrassed, but then laughed 
when I remarked that I wished some of my boyfriends would treat me 
that way.  We started talking about it and she explained in 
considerable detail about how the two of them were ardent bondage 
devotees.  She added that an entire room in their house had been 
set aside as a secret bondage chamber, but that they had been 
using the guesthouse during my visit because they were afraid that 
they would be overheard in the house.
     "By this time, I was just dying to see that bondage chamber 
and also wanted to get some experience myself.  I admitted as much 
to Nancy, who seemed quite surprised but pleased.  Explaining that 
they had never had an outsider participate in their sessions 
before, she indicated that she was sure that Ken would have no 
objection.
     "Of course, as might be expected, Ken didn't have the 
slightest objection.  In fact, he decided that it was time to 
initiate me right then and there!  He and Nancy held a brief 
conversation, and then she asked me to accompany her to their 
bedroom.  On the way, she explained that Ken wanted us both to be 
dressed in fetish-style outfits for the occasions Deciding that it 
would be better not to ask any questions, I went along with the 
idea.
     "In their large bedroom, Nancy began showing me part of their 
extensive collection of leather and rubber apparel and boots.  I 
had seen some pictures of garments like that, but had never 
realized that individuals actually had collections of them.  I 
would liked to have spent some time examining them, but Nancy 
explained that Ken could get quite impatient if we made him wait.
     "At Nancy's suggestion, I dressed in a basic outfit 
consisting of black nylon panties, matching garter belt, and sheer 
black nylons.  Omitting a bra, I put on a skimpy leather halter 
that left my midriff bare and showed considerable cleavage.  With 
this, I wore a very abbreviated black leather skirt that failed to 
cover my stocking tops.  With some assistance from Nancy, I then 
put on full-length kid gloves that fit me like a second skin.  
Finally, Nancy brought out a pair of spike-heel knee-length black 
leather boots that were laced all the way up in front.  
Fortunately, they were a perfect fit.  It took me awhile to lace 
them up properly, but the results were well worth the effort.  The 
boots left my feet arched quite steeply, and molded very tightly 
around my ankles and calves, outlining them perfectly.  Properly 
booted and wearing the leather outfit, I examined myself in the 
full-length mirror.  I'm afraid I blushed a little when I realized 
how short my skirt really was, but I was really pleased with the 
outfit.  Although I had never worn such high heels before, I found 
that they were surprisingly easy to walk in and really had an 
enhancing effect on my legs.
     "Next, it was Nancy's turn to dress up fetish-style.  She 
wore the same basic outfit of black panties, garter belt, and 
nylon hose that I did, but by way of contrast decided to wear a 
rubber outfit.  This consisted of a rubber skirt hemmed to end 
just at the tops of her nylons, together with a pretty rubber 
jacket that fit her buxom figure quite nicely.  Rubber gloves, a 
small rubber cap, and knee-length rubber boots completed the 
outfit.  I must admit that I had never realized that a rubber 
outfit could be so appealing.
     "Telling me that Ken wanted to attend to her first, Nancy 
told me to wait in the bedroom until Ken was ready for me.  She 
was gone for some little time and, as might be expected, I became 
more and more apprehensive with each passing minute.  My mind kept 
going back to what I had seen in the guesthouse, and my heart was 
soon pounding wildly.  When I heard Ken's steps on the stairs, I 
was really in a state.
     "He quickly burst in to the room, carrying a dog collar and 
some rope.  Knowing that I was blushing vividly, I kept my eyes 
lowered as he paused to give my fetish costume an appreciative 
glance.  Although it didn't do any good, I couldn't refrain from 
tugging at the hem of my leather skirt in a futile effort to cover 
up my stocking tops.
     "I couldn't help feeling a little undignified as he snapped 
the dog collar around my neck, letting the leash hang down in 
front.  Next, he tied my gloved wrists securely together behind my 
back in a crossed position.  By this time, I already felt quite 
helpless and within his power, and when I noticed that he was 
visibly aroused I felt my excitement beginning to mount.
     "Taking me by the leash, he started escorting me down the 
stairs.  With my inexperience in such matters, I found it 
extremely humbling to be led by the leash like that, as if I were 
some totally inferior creature.  In addition, I had to be careful 
negotiating the stairs in those spike-heeled boots, and couldn't 
help blushing warmly when he continually looked back over his 
shoulder to observe my progress.
     "When we made it downstairs, Ken led me into his study.  It 
appeared to be like any other study might be, although larger than 
most.  I was about to ask him why he had taken me in there when he 
pulled aside a bookcase to reveal a door.  As I soon discovered, 
the door opened to a secret stairway that led down to their 
bondage chamber.  It was just like some old Gothic novel, and I 
felt my heart in my throat as he started leading me down those 
winding, dimly fit stairs.
     "Finally, we arrived in the bondage chamber.  It was just 
like a dungeon!  The walls were black and the lighting was 
deliberately low, creating a dark and foreboding atmosphere that 
had an immediately chilling effect on me.  In the dim light, I 
could make out various chains, straps, and bondage devices 
attached to hooks on all four walls, while there were various 
bondage and torture-type devices scattered around the floor of the 
large room.  It was just like something out of the Middle Ages, 
and I felt my knees weakening under me at the prospect of being 
tormented by some of those bizarre devices.
     "I had forgotten about Nancy until Ken led me over to one 
corner.  There was Nancy strung up to a hangman's gibbet in total 
subjugation!  She was still completely attired in her rubber 
outfit and was blindfolded and gagged with a rubber ball on a 
dowel stick.  Her hands were tied to the horizontal bar of the 
gibbet, while her ankles were tied to the base of the vertical 
bar.  An expandable metal bar extended from the gibbet into the 
small of her back, forcing her to arch her back and thrust out her 
midsection in an almost unbelievable and totally grotesque manner!  
It looked as if every muscle in her body must have been stretched 
to the utmost, and I didn't see how she could endure it.  Her 
vision totally obscured by the heavy blindfold, she seemed 
oblivious of our presence.
     "I didn't have to be told that my turn was next, and could 
feel my teeth chattering as Ken led me over to a wooden device on 
the floor.  The device, which I later learned was known as a St. 
Andrew's cross, consisted of a six-by-six wooden frame with two 
other lengths of wood forming an X within the frame.  I had no 
idea how it might be employed, but I soon found out.
     "To make sure that I did not object to any of his plans, Ken 
decided to start out by gagging me.  Without realizing what I was 
letting myself in for, I quickly opened my mouth when Ken produced 
another rubber-ball device similar to the type I had seen Nancy 
wearing.  He forcibly fit it into my mouth between my teeth, and I 
suddenly found out how uncomfortable it was to have my mouth pried 
open like that.  I tried to protest but it was much too late.
     "Untying my wrists temporarily, Ken made me stretch out 
spread-eagle fashion on the cross so that my arms and legs were 
atop the X-shaped lengths of board.  Beginning at my gloved 
wrists, he proceeded to tie all four limbs securely to the cross.  
To make this task easier for him, he had placed various lengths of 
rope under the cross beforehand.  Gagged and helpless, all I could 
do was watch as my wrists, forearms, elbows, and upper arms were 
securely lashed to the cross.  Next, my ankles, calves, lower 
thighs, and upper thighs were likewise lashed to the cross.  It 
took some time and it was all quite uncomfortable, but I found it 
quite exciting to be restrained in such a helpless manner.  Of 
course, I could see that he had tied me in a manner that would 
leave him quite free to torment me sexually, and it was quite a 
frightening sensation to realize that he could do anything he 
wanted to me and that I was powerless to stop him.
     "When he finished tying me up, he promptly proceeded to prop 
the frame up against the wall.  Gagged and spread-eagled like 
that, there was nothing I could do as I suddenly found my weight 
pressing down uncomfortably against the ropes.  However, the ropes 
were tied securely and held me firmly lashed to the cross just 
like some sacrificial victim.
     "Ken left me suspended like that while he began disrobing.  
In a moment, he was completely undressed and of course he was 
quite aroused.  Knowing that I would simply have to endure 
whatever form of sexual abuse he had in store for me, I found 
myself writhing against my bonds with a mixture of fear and 
excitement.  Although he hadn't even laid a hand on me, I was 
fully sexually aroused.
     "Without further ado, Ken proceeded to turn the frame twice 
on its side and, to my astonishment, I suddenly found myself 
hanging upside down!  With the blood suddenly rushing to my head, 
I tried to protest through my gag but of course that was 
impossible.  My short leather skirt fell back, leaving my black 
panties fully on display.  But that was only the beginning of it.  
Ken stepped forward with a pair of scissors and there was nothing 
I could do but make protesting noises through my gag as my panties 
were promptly cut apart and removed with a firm yank!
     "There I was with my legs spread-eagled, absolutely showing 
everything!  Ken took his time inspecting me and all I could do 
was squirm with embarrassment.  To torment me all the more, he 
pried the lips of my vulva wide apart with his fingers and 
leisurely took his time to inspect me at close range!  It was easy 
to see that he was a master in the art of making a girl feel 
immodest and ashamed.
     "After this he left me for a moment and went over to Nancy, 
who was only a few feet away but outside of the range of my 
vision.  I heard a loud moan from her plus the sound of cloth 
ripping, which made me think that her panties were being cut away 
the same as mine had been.  I began to hear a low buzzing sound, 
but it wasn't until I heard Nancy's moans that I knew he was 
tormenting her with a vibrator.
     "When he finally returned to me, I shuddered and then froze 
in horror when I noticed that he was carrying a lighted candle!  
But there wasn't a thing I could do to defend myself and in a 
moment that candle was sticking upward out of my vagina!  You can 
just imagine what a grotesque sight I presented lashed to the 
cross like that with that candle flickering between my legs!
     "Standing back to admire his handiwork for a moment, Ken left 
me suspended in that bizarre and somewhat frightening manner as he 
returned to Nancy.  Once again I heard the vibrator and her moans 
that mingled discomfort with excitement.  Although I wondered how 
much more of this bizarre torment and abuse I could endure, I must 
admit that it was wickedly exciting.  That hard candle forcing my 
vagina] walls apart constantly felt like a sturdy phallus, and I 
found myself working my pelvis with coital-like movements.
     "Ken returned and knelt on a small bench right in front of my 
face.  This left his stiff thing parallel with my face, and there 
was nothing I could do but submit as he began tormenting my face 
and throat with it!  Maneuvering it with his hand, he rubbed the 
tip against my throat, chin, cheeks, lips, eyes, and forehead 
while I moaned with excitement and deep sexual humiliation.  I was 
beginning to realize how exquisitely exciting it could be to be 
subjected to sexual abuse, and I'm sure it was quite apparent to 
him that his new bondage convert was one highly aroused young 
woman.
     "He left me for a moment to attend to Nancy, but quickly 
returned.  Without giving me a moment to try to catch my breath, 
he removed the candle from my vagina but promptly replaced it with 
a large vibrator.  Turning the vibrator on for a moment, he 
watched for a moment as I simply had to writhe and squirm with 
that phallic object constantly vibrating against the expanded 
walls of my vagina.  Once again he knelt on the small bench in 
front of me and started tormenting my face with his hard penis 
once again.  By this time, I was really going wild and was nearly 
dying to take it into my mouth as far as I could.  He finally 
removed my gag and almost instantly inserted his bone-hard muscle 
into my opened mouth.  It was so big it hurt, but I loved it!  
Although every muscle in my body was aching, that vibrator in my 
vagina and that big cock in my mouth were driving me crazy.  I was 
sucking with loudly audible slurping sounds and he began pumping 
back and forth with regular and firm strokes.  I could almost feel 
him ready to explode in my mouth.  Suddenly that warm sticky fluid 
began spurting into my mouth in erratic jets, giving me quite a 
mouthful.  At about the same time, I started going off with a 
multiple orgasm that was simply out of this world.  My entire body 
jerked and writhed against the bonds that held me lashed to that 
cross, and I began to realize the thrill of being a helpless 
bondagette.  He made no effort to draw back from me and I 
willingly kept it in my mouth, trying to suck all I could out of 
it.  The waves of my orgasm had barely begun to subside when I 
realized that I wanted a lot more of this bizarre, offbeat sex!
     "That was my initiation to bondage, and I suppose that it 
almost goes without saying that the three of us spent the next few 
weeks enjoying various forms of offbeat sex.  Ken and Nancy gave 
me a complete course in bondage, spanking, and kinky costumes, and 
I must admit that I was quite an enthusiastic convert.  Although 
I've always considered myself quite liberal when it comes to 
sexual matters, I was really astounded at how uninhibited I could 
become when under restraint and forced to do things I otherwise 
probably could never have done. 
     "One example will prove what I am talking about.  One 
afternoon Ken rather impulsively decided to conduct an impromptu 
bondage session.  This took place in the main bedroom rather than 
in the dungeon, and this time Nancy and I were wearing only garter 
belts and nylons.  Ken bound us at the ankle and wrists with 
clothesline ropes, and then decided to give us both a good 
smack-paddling with his hand.
     "Sitting on the side of the bed, he took us one at a time 
over his lap and spanked us smartly with his open hand.  He 
spanked me first, and that big rough hand of his soon had me 
squirming like a worm.  I could feel myself getting nice and wet 
between the legs as the temperature in my bottom started going up 
and up.  Before he stopped, my bottom was as red as a ripe tomato 
and my face was wet with tears.
     "After my spanking, I watched as Nancy got hers.  She really 
squirmed and carried on as his hand started slamming down on her 
tender bottom, really flattening each cheek and quickly making her 
a nice hot pink all over.  She kicked her stockinged legs as much 
as the bonds at her ankles would permit, and she wound up crying 
and begging him to stop, although it was apparent that she found 
the spanking quite exciting.
     "Following her spanking, Nancy was tied on the bed in a 
supine and spread-eagle position, her wrists and ankles spread 
well apart and securely tied to the posts of the bed.  Still bound 
myself, I began to wonder what Ken had in mind.  I soon found out!  
Picking me up bodily, Ken deposited me right on top of Nancy in a 
sixty-nine position!!  You can bet that Nancy and I both howled 
with protest!  Neither of us has the slightest lesbian tendencies, 
or so we thought.  But despite our protests and indignant pleas, 
Ken tied me in a spread-eagle position over her so that our faces 
were right against each other's pussies!  He pressed my face down 
against her and pushed her head up between my legs, telling us 
that we would both stay like that until we made each other come.
     "We were both reluctant, and tried to fight it for a minute, 
but I finally felt Nancy's tongue going to work and I began to 
reciprocate.  Boy, was that ever wild!  I'm sure I could never 
have done that without being forced to do so.  For the next few 
minutes, Nancy and I lay there squirming with our faces plastered 
against each other's wet pussies, our tongues driving each other 
frantic.  In an amazingly short time, we had the sweetest come any 
two girls would want to have.
     "After that, Ken used similar lesbian-type stunts on the two 
of us.  Although I'm sure that neither of us could have 
voluntarily done such things, it was really quite easy and 
exciting when we were given no choice in the matter and simply had 
to do so.  But I think that shows you how bondage can really get 
you to lose your inhibitions."



                        Case History No. 9

     Jeanine and Ralph C. are both thirty and have been married 
for six years.  The two of them live in Minneapolis, where Ralph 
works as a management consultant.  He is a well-built, athletic 
man who was once a regular on a Big Ten football term.  Jeanine is 
an extremely attractive platinum blonde of European origin, who is 
also quite athletic and once competed in the winter Olympics.
     The two of them are ardent bondage fans and both strongly 
prefer playing the submissive role.  Although it might seem 
curious that such physically well-endowed people would prefer to 
play sexually submissive roles, it is one of the anomalies of 
masochism that masochists are frequently well-built, healthy, and 
athletic individuals.  For example, athletes are often masochists, 
and it is not unfair to say that the self-punishment required in 
training for many forms of athletic endeavor is in fact a form of 
masochistic enjoyment.
     "When the two of us are alone, we take turns playing the 
submissive role," explains Jeanine.  "We usually alternate from 
one week to the next, but we don't follow any rigid schedule.  For 
example, we may reverse roles right in the middle of the week.  In 
fact, there have even been times when we alternated roles more 
than once in a single evening.  It all depends on what kind of a 
mood we are both in.  We have been married long enough that we can 
kind of sense what the other wants.
     "However, it is understood that whoever is in charge must 
play that role to the hilt.  For example, when it's my turn to be 
boss, I am really a dominatrix.  I even dress for the part in 
severe clothing and give orders that are deliberately 
unreasonable.  And I even make him dress for the submissive role, 
often requiring him to wear a combination of women's clothing and 
shackles.  I might add that we have quite a collection of items 
for this purpose.
     "For example, I often require him to serve me attired in a 
complete French maid's costume consisting of frilly black undies, 
a firm black satin corset that compresses his waist quite a bit 
and also serves to hold up his long, black net stockings, 
abbreviated and flared black uniform dress trimmed in white and 
worn with highly starched white apron, high-heeled black sandals 
and little white maid's cap.  I even require makeup and complete 
feminine accessories.
     "While waiting on me hand and foot in this outfit, I usually 
require him to be restrained in some manner.  Quite often this 
consists of a pair of serving shackles: metal cuffs that confine 
both wrists and ankles and which are connected by ten-inch chain 
hobbles.  The wrist and ankle hobbles are also connected to one 
another by a four-foot-length of chain, which serves to confine 
his movements all the more.  Although this outfit is quite 
confining, he can still perform chores in it.
     "On such occasions, I usually dress in dominatrix style: 
leather slacks or skirts, boots, long black nylon hose, long kid 
gloves, and similar garments.  Over the past several years, we 
have managed to acquire a nice collection of fetish-style boots of 
various types.  Most are knee length and all of them have high, 
tapering heels, at least three inches, and up to five inches in 
length.  Lacing up and polishing my shoes is one of my husband's 
chores and, although that often takes a considerable amount of 
time, I never seem to hear any complaints.
     "When we are dressed up like that, my husband is expected to 
wait on me hand and foot.  Although I am completely unreasonable, 
he can expect to be punished by more bondage for the slightest 
shortcoming.  Thus, he may find himself serving me with his head 
confined in a tight leather bridle with a metal bit between his 
teeth.  Or he may have to wear the leather discipline helmet, 
which covers his head completely except for his eyes and nose.
     "If I have no chore for him to perform at the moment, he may 
be tied in a manner that leaves him completely immobile and quite 
uncomfortable.  We keep a collection of ropes and straps 
throughout the house for this purpose, and also have some special 
bondage devices in our spare bedroom.  Thus, he may find himself 
confined in a modern replica of an old-fashioned pillory, or he 
may find his arms tied to an overhead trapeze drawn up to leave 
him on tiptoe.
     "As further punishment, he may find himself subjected to a 
good hot spanking.  Thus, attired in his French-maid outfit and 
shackled so as to make all resistance impossible, he may be turned 
up face down over my lap.  After raising his uniform skirt, I slip 
his panties down to the tops of his stockings and then go to work 
briskly with my gloved hand.  Just using my hand like that, I can 
lay on a spanking hard enough to leave his bottom burning brightly 
for some little time afterward.
     "At times when I am in charge, I am also in command in the 
bedroom.  On such occasions, he is always at least partially 
restrained and I always play the aggressive role.  Sometimes, I 
even blindfold him so that he can concentrate on the task of 
pleasing me.  He is quite proficient at cunnilingus and really 
loves doing it for me.  I might add that, on such occasions, I 
invariably take the top position when we have intercourse.
     "Of course, when my husband is in charge, our roles are 
completely reversed and he is the bondage master while I am the 
servile sex slave.  To keep me reminded of my lowly status, I have 
to go around the house attired in skimpy punishment-type costumes 
designed to show off my figure in a highly provocative and 
embarrassing manner.
     "For example, I am often required to wear an outfit 
consisting of see-through white blouse with nothing beneath it, 
long black kid gloves, an ultra-short black or red satin skirt 
that might look more appropriate on a drum majorette, a heavily 
boned waist-cincher type corset that really gives me an hourglass 
figure, long black stockings held up by supporters attached to the 
corset, and spike-heeled black leather sandals with four-inch-high 
heels.  With this I wear very heavy makeup and am often required 
to wear my platinum-blond hair in two long braids.
     "When waiting on him while attired in this manner, I am 
usually restrained in one form or another.  Most often this 
consists of the serving shackles I mentioned before.  Although I 
can get around in them quite well, it doesn't take long for them 
to become quite heavy.  However, I know if I complain I will spend 
some time gagged in one manner or another.
     "When he has nothing better for me to do, my husband will 
dream up some new method of restraining me completely.  At one 
time or another, I am sure that every piece of furniture in our 
house has been used as some type of bondage prop.  He invariably 
ties me in ways that leave me totally immobile and also vulnerable 
for various forms of sexual torment.
     "From time to time, I know I can expect a spanking along with 
the bondage.  He uses only his hand but, believe me, that is more 
than enough!  He invariably peels my panties down and puts me face 
down over his lap for the warming.  Although I am usually 
restrained in some manner on such occasions, he nearly always 
leaves my legs free because he enjoys seeing stockinged legs 
kicking back and forth while the spanks are being applied.  And 
I'll admit I do plenty of kicking when that solid hand of his 
builds a blazing fire in my posterior!
     "When he is in charge, I am treated like a slave girl in the 
bedroom as well as elsewhere.  I like to think I'm a pretty good 
fellatrix; at least I get plenty of practice.  When I am 
performing fellatio for him, my husband likes to use a dildo or 
vibrator to torment me and we usually bring each other to a climax 
that way.
     "Although we play these various roles with each other, both 
of us much to prefer to play the submissive role.  Sometime ago we 
realized that it would really be ideal if we could find someone 
who could train us together, but of course that was easier said 
than done.  However, about a year ago we made contact with a 
divorcee, whose name is Grace M.  When she offered to give us one 
of her personal 'treatments' in the privacy of our home, we jumped 
at the chance."
     Jeanine went on to describe how an appointment was arranged 
with Grace for an evening of domination and offbeat sexual 
thrills.  The dominatrix specified that Ralph had to be attired in 
his French-maid's outfit and be under restraint at the time of her 
arrival.  In addition, she stipulated that Jeanine had to be 
wearing one of her punishment-type outfits, and that various 
bondage and discipline devices be readily available.
     Thus, the evening of the appointment found Ralph dressed in 
the maid's outfit and confined in the serving shackles.  For her 
part, Jeanine wore her long gloves, see-through white blouse, 
abbreviated red satin skirt that failed to cover her stocking 
tops, and four-inch-high heeled sandals.  The two of them made 
certain that an ample supply of bondage and punishment devices 
were distributed around their living room.  Visibly nervous, they 
awaited the arrival of the dominatrix.  The loud, authoritative 
knock on the door made them both jump.
     "I'll get it," Jeanine spoke up.  The attractive platinum 
blonde swallowed hard and suddenly backed up a few steps as she 
opened the door.  Grace stepped quickly through the door, slamming 
it behind her.  Tall, severe, and obviously supremely confident, 
she glared at the two young people.  An attractive but 
stern-looking brunette who appeared to be in, her early thirties, 
she was dressed in a black coat, boots, and gloves.  In one gloved 
hand, she held a menacing riding crop.
     "Come here, you!" she glared malevolently at Ralph.  "Help me 
off with my coat."
     Slowed by the serving shackles at his wrists and ankles, 
Ralph stepped forward to remove her coat for her.  She was wearing 
a severe black satin dress that fit her buxom figure quite tightly 
and was hemmed to end several inches above her knees, revealing 
shapely legs attired in black nylons and knee-length black leather 
boots.
     "Take off your clothes!" Grace demanded, turning to Jeanine.
     "What?" Jeanine looked quite dumbfounded.
     "You heard me!" Grace told her, "Take off your clothes!  
Everything except your hose and garter belt."
     Blushing prettily, Jeanine began complying with the 
humiliating order while the other two watched her closely.  In a 
moment, the pretty platinum blonde was standing in the middle of 
the room attired only in her black garter belt and nylon hose.  As 
she felt the newcomer's eyes on her plump breasts and pretty 
triangle of fluffy hair, Jeanine tried to cover herself with her 
hands as much as possible.
     Turning on her heel, Grace walked over to an easy chair and 
seated herself.  Crossing her attractive legs with a flourish, she 
permitted her black dress to ride up to reveal nylon-clad thighs 
and black stocking tops.  Although her severe and domineering 
manner left Ralph feeling quite apprehensive, he could not refrain 
from casting an admiring glance at her shapely, booted legs.
     "Tie her up!" Grace demanded, looking sternly at Ralph.  She 
pointed to some ropes they had placed on the sofa in anticipation 
of her arrival.  "Tie her legs together and tie her wrists behind 
her back!"
     The two young people exchanged glances as Ralph picked up 
some ropes to carry out the order.  Unable to cover herself with 
her hands any longer, Jeanine felt thoroughly immodest as Ralph 
tied her wrists together behind her back in a crossed position.  
Next, he dropped to his knees and tied her legs together at the 
ankles and just above the knees, the white rope making a vivid 
contrast with her black stockings.  Totally helpless and 
completely within the power of the attractive dominatrix, Jeanine 
felt her heart beating rapidly.
     "Now bring me a couple of ropes!" Grace instructed.
     Ralph immediately complied, and stood watching apprehensively 
as Grace quickly tied his wrists together with one of the ropes.  
With the other rope, she tied his nylon-clad knees tight together.  
This restrained him considerably more than the shackles had done, 
and the male sex slave looked quite alarmed as he awaited the 
torment she undoubtedly intended to inflict upon him.
     "Now I'm going to have some fun with you two!" Grace told 
them with an imperious smile.
     The two young people exchanged alarmed glances at this 
comment, but both refrained from saying anything.  Realizing that 
she could do anything she wanted to do with them and that they 
would be helpless to resist, both began to feel a growing sense of 
alarm.  But their fear was mixed with masochistic excitement and 
neither of them was thinking of trying to back out of the strange 
bargain they bad made.
     Getting to her feet, Grace picked up a couple of rubber-ball 
gags strung on lengths of clothesline rope.  At her command, Ralph 
and Jeanine meekly opened their mouths and permitted themselves to 
be gagged.  Grace forced the balls firmly into their mouths and 
tied them tightly behind their heads in a manner that indicated 
that she was quite expert in the art of bondage.
     "Now I think I'll make myself comfortable, if you don't 
mind!" Grace told the bound-and-gagged pair.
     Ralph and Jeanine both gave a start as the attractive 
dominatrix began removing her dress!  She calmly removed it and 
stood in front of them attired only in arm-length black gloves, 
well-filled black brassiere, matching panties and garter belt, and 
magnificent high-heel black patent leather boots.  Her figure was 
robust and strong but quite attractive, and the black garments 
made a startling contrast with her milk-white flesh.  The two 
helpless prisoners stared intently at the voluptuous dominatrix 
who held them completely within her power.  After pausing for a 
moment to give them time to admire her striking figure, Grace 
casually reached behind her back and unsnapped her brassiere.  Her 
large, pink-tipped mounds tumbled from the cups of the brassiere 
as she pulled off the garment.  She had good reason to be proud of 
her full breasts, and smiled to herself as she noticed that her 
two captives were staring at her in admiration.  Waiting for a 
moment to prolong the tension, Grace finally slipped her hands 
into the waistband of her panties and began pulling them down.  
She stepped out of them and tossed them aside, making no effort to 
conceal the heavy growth of dark-brown hair at the fork of her 
legs.  Their excitement rising with each passing moment, Ralph and 
Jeanine stared at the attractive dominatrix who was now wearing 
only long black gloves, garter belt, black stockings, and boots.  
Grace stood malevolently in front of them, her hands on her sides 
and her booted feet well apart.
     "You two slaves are going to have to worship me like a 
queen!" she told him with a freezing glare.
     Picking up a lightweight wooden paddle, she seated herself on 
the sofa with her shapely legs well apart.  "Come here, slave!" 
she motioned to Ralph.
     Forced to hop by the bonds at his ankles, Ralph made his way 
over to the dominatrix.
     "Down on your knees!" Grace commanded in an imperious voice.
     Gazing at her lush breasts and the inviting brunette triangle 
on display, Ralph sank to his knees before his attractive 
tormentress.  Her shapely, nylon-clad legs and gleaming boots were 
only inches away.  From her position nearby, Jeanine watched 
intently and anxiously.
     "Now I'm going to take that gag out of your mouth," Grace 
told her kneeling victim.  "But that's for my benefit and not 
yours!  Understand?"
     Ralph nodded, and submissively lowered his head as she 
reached behind him to unfasten the gag.  Pulling the rubber ball 
from his mouth, she tossed it aside.
     "Now you have to worship my boots!  With your tongue!" Grace 
told him in a haughty voice.
     Ralph swallowed noticeably but quickly complied with the 
humiliating.  order.  Pressing his face toward the floor in front 
of her, he extended his tongue and began flicking it across the 
toe of her right boot.  His face red with humiliation, the bound 
and bizarrely attired male slave found the submissive act 
undeniably exciting.  Without being told to do so, he licked the 
toes of both boots until they were shiny wet.
     "That's enough for now, slave!" Grace told him, reaching down 
to push his head back.  "It's quite obvious you like kissing my 
boots!" Ralph cast a shamefaced glance at Jeanine and quickly 
lowered his eyes.  "Now you must worship me here!" Grace pointed a 
glove forefinger toward her midsection as she spoke.  She was 
seated on the outer edge of the sofa, her buxom thighs spread well 
apart to expose the brunette triangle and the pink crease in its 
midst.  Casting another shamefaced glance at Jeanine, Ralph 
hesitated and swallowed quite hard.  With his lack of experience, 
he suddenly found it difficult to perform such a submissive act 
with another person looking on.  Grace watched him closely, a look 
of cold fury coming over her face as he continued to stall.
     "I guess you need some punishment, slave!" she told him.  
"And that's exactly what you're going to get!" Displaying a 
surprising amount of strength, she grasped him under the arms and 
pulled him up over her lap.
     "Hey!  Don't!" Ralph instinctively protested, as he suddenly 
realized what she intended to do.  With his wrists and ankles 
tightly bound together, there was nothing he could do to protect 
himself.  Aware of his erection pressing against her lap, Grace 
flipped back the black uniform skirt to reveal his frilly black 
panties and the lower part of his black satin corset.  The 
exposure of his intimate feminine garments provoked a sardonic 
laugh from the dominatrix, who lost no time yanking the tiny 
panties down below the tops of his black stockings.
     "Ow!" Ralph gasped as she caught his erection firmly between 
her thighs.
     SMACK!  Grace brought the paddle down against his bare 
buttocks with a noisy splat.
     "Ouch!" Ralph exclaimed, jerking against the bonds that held 
him prisoner.
     "Pansy!" Grace taunted him.  "I'm going to set that bottom of 
yours on fire!"
     Smack!  Smack!  The buxom dominatrix began putting the paddle 
to his bare buttocks with noisy smacks that stung furiously.  
Ralph tried his best to hold still and to avoid crying out, but 
the cumulative effect of the paddle made each smack more painful 
than its predecessor.  From her position a few feet away, Jeanine 
watched the bizarre scene with mounting excitement.  Knowing that 
she would have to endure the same type of masochistic torment very 
soon, the submissive young woman could feel her own buttocks 
tingling as the paddle smacked smartly against Ralph's unprotected 
backside.
     "Ouch!  Ow!  Please!" Ralph could not hold himself back as 
the paddle left his buttocks scarlet and burning hot.  Tears 
blurring his vision, he frantically squirmed about on the shapely, 
nylon-clad thighs that served as his bed of masochistic torment.
     Smack!  Smack!  The paddle continued to descend against his 
throbbing buttocks with noisy splats.  Sobbing quite hard, Ralph 
begged her to stop and tossed about in a futile effort to avoid or 
minimize the painful smacks.
     "Are you ready to serve me now?" Grace finally asked, a note 
of triumph in her voice.
     "Y-yes!  Y-yes!" Ralph tearfully stammered.  "Please!  I'll 
do anything!"
     Grace spread her thighs apart, allowing his trussed-up body 
to slide to a kneeling position between them.  His buttocks 
burning and aching from the thorough spanking he had received, 
Ralph instantly buried his face in the dark-brown delta and began 
kissing her feminine charms in total masochistic subjugation.  
Grace opened her thighs as far as possible and pressed her gloved 
hands down on her slave's head.  "You have exactly three minutes 
to bring me to a climax, slave!" she told him in a stern voice.  
"Otherwise you'll get some more punishment!"
     Extending his tongue as far as he could, Ralph flicked it 
between the outer folds of her vulva.  Her feminine moisture began 
to flow, seeping into his mouth and leaving her hair and his face 
damp and sticky.  Jeanine watched intently from the sidelines, 
finding it more exciting than she had imagined to watch such a 
scene of masochistic submission.
     "Keep doing it!  There!  Not there!" Grace issued terse 
commands to her kneeling slave.  The attractive dominatrix began 
rocking her hips back and forth on the sofa, slowly at first and 
then with quick, jerky movements.  His tongue inserted deep 
between the folds of her vulva, Ralph caressed her ultra-sensitive 
clitoris with frantic swipes.  Thoroughly enjoying his caresses as 
well as the humiliation she was inflicting upon him, Grace held 
his face closely plastered to her wet charms as she rocked her 
hips back and forth on the sofa.  Well within the three-minute 
limit she had established, the buxom dominatrix reached an intense 
climax.
     "That's enough for you for the time being!" Grace pushed him 
away with a rude shove.  "Sit on that chair over there!" she 
ordered, pointing to a wooden chair a few feet away.  Breathless 
and in somewhat of a state of shock after the ordeal she had 
inflicted on him, Ralph made his way over to the chair.  He winced 
visibly as he lowered his throbbing buttocks against the chair, 
and Grace smiled with satisfaction at the discomfort she knew he 
was experiencing.
     "Now, you!  Come over here!" Grace turned her attention to 
her female slave.
     With her stockinged legs bound tightly together, Jeanine was 
compelled to hop as she made her way over to the dominatrix.  
Quite frightened and trying to not even think about what might 
happen to her, the lovely young blonde stood apprehensively before 
her tormentress.  Grace pushed her to her knees and removed the 
gag from her mouth.
     "Now, it's your turn!" Grace informed her, spreading her 
thighs well apart and bossily pointing a gloved forefinger at the 
brunette triangle between her legs.
     "No!  Not that!" Jeanine exclaimed in a shocked voice.
     "Go ahead, slave!" Grace told her.  "You don't have any 
choice in the matter!"
     "No, I couldn't!  Not with another girl!" Jeanine begged in a 
deeply agitated voice.  "I've never ... I couldn't!  Oh, please!"
     "I guess you need some punishment too!" Grace told her.  She 
reached down and quickly pulled Jeanine's helpless body face-down 
over her buxom thighs.  Bound at the wrists and legs, and attired 
only in her garter belt and sheer stockings, Jeanine made a lovely 
picture with her girlishly plump white bottom quivering in 
expectation of the spanking to come.
     "Oh, please, don't spank me too hard!" Jeanine impulsively 
pleaded, although she knew she sounded like a child.
     Holding the squirming young woman firmly down across her 
thighs, Grace reached for the paddle.  Smack!  The solid paddle 
smacked noisily against Jeanine's tender nates, flattening the two 
resilient cheeks temporarily.
     "Eeek," Jeanine emitted a high-pitched feminine shriek as the 
paddle bounced against her cute bottom.
     Smack!  Smack!  Grace began putting the paddle to her pretty 
victim with crisp, loud smacks.  As the paddle set her soft and 
well-rounded bottom ablaze, Jeanine squealed with girlish shrieks 
and swung her stockinged legs prettily back and forth.  From his 
uncomfortable position on the chair, Ralph watched Jeanine's 
spanking with a mixture of compassion and excitement.
     "Ouch!  Oh, please, stop!  Ow!  I'm burning up!" Jeanine 
begged, crying softly.  "Please!  Ouch, that hurts!"
     Smack!  Smack!  Thoroughly enjoying the sight of Jeanine's 
reddening and squirming buttocks, Grace continued putting the 
paddle to her attractive victim.  With her comely buttocks burning 
and prickling furiously, Jeanine struggled futilely against the 
bonds that held her prisoner.  As the paddle turned her spank-spot 
a flaming crimson, the pretty young blonde sobbed hard and begged 
to be spared.
     "Oh, please!  Please!  Ouch!" Jeanine's distressed voice was 
partially choked by her tears.  "Please!  I can't stand it 
anymore!  I just can't!"
     Grace finally paused, holding the paddle aloft in a 
threatening manner.  "Ready to serve me now?" the dominatrix.  
asked in a haughty voice.
     "Ooooo!" Jeanine was clearly distraught.  "if-if you're going 
to f-force m-me, I-I g-guess I d-don't h-have any ch-choice!"
     "That's right, slave!  You have no choice at all!" Grace 
informed her, opening her thighs and allowing the tearful young 
woman to slide to the floor between her thighs.  Jeanine gulped 
hard at the sight of the brunette grotto right in front of her 
face, and cast a quick and shamefaced look in Ralph's direction.
     "Go on!" Grace urged her.  "Do you want another spanking?"
     With a distressed moan, Jeanine capitulated and lowered her 
blond head into the brunette underbrush.  Constantly reminding 
herself that she was being forced to perform the act against her 
will, Jeanine meekly stuck out her tongue and began working it up 
and down the coral cleft.  The helpless young woman trembled 
noticeably as Grace's feminine fluids bathed her face, getting 
into her mouth.
     "Keep doing it!  You have to bring me to a climax this way 
before you get up!"
     Groaning with despair at the humiliating announcement, 
Jeanine haplessly worked her tongue into the folds of Grace's pink 
vulva.  Though she kept telling herself that she was being forced 
to do it, the pretty young blonde suddenly found her excitement 
rising as she performed the enforced act of lesbian servitude.  
She eagerly pressed her face tightly against the damp, sticky 
bush, working her tongue up and down with wild abandon.  Ralph 
watched Jeanine's submissive performance with obvious amazement.
     "That's right!  Keep doing it!" Grace told her.  "There!  
That's right!"
     Watching Jeanine's blond head closely, Grace rocked her hips 
back and forth with quick, jerky motions.  Drinking in the 
feminine fluids in audible gulps, Jeanine concentrated on Grace's 
clitoris.  The buxom dominatrix quickly began to spasm and soon 
reached a violent climax.  With Grace's gloved hands clasped on 
her blond head, Jeanine made no effort to pull her face away from 
the wet nest.
     "Stretch out on your back on the floor!" Grace looked over at 
Ralph as she spoke.  Ralph quickly complied, stretching out supine 
on the floor.  "Now, I want you two to put on a little show for 
me!" Grace spoke, releasing Jeanine from her grip and getting to 
her feet.
     The two of them watched as the dominatrix pulled back the 
front of his uniform, revealing his erection.  She then untied the 
ropes that held Jeanine's legs together, leaving her tied only at 
the wrists.
     "I'm going to let you two do a sixty-nine, but you'll have to 
do it while I watch!" Grace informed them.
     Thoroughly aroused by the masochistic torment that the 
attractive dominatrix had inflicted on them, the two young people 
needed no further encouragement.  Jeanine quickly knelt astride 
Ralph's supine body and leaned forward to take his bone-hard cock 
deep into her mouth.  At the same time, he raised his head until 
his nose was buried deeply in the crevice of her buttocks and 
began orally caressing her pink groove.  It wasn't long before 
they both climaxed with violent spasms that proved that their 
initiation to third-party bondage had been a success.



                            Conclusion

     While no prognosis can take into account everything that 
might happen in the future, it seems safe to say that in recent 
years erotic bondage has made a significant breakthrough and now 
appears to be on the way to significant public acceptance.  It 
appears that the decade of the seventies will offer great 
excitement and variety to the true bondage lover.



                              The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Will Henry(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





