BDSM Library - Baited, Hooked and Landed




Baited, Hooked and Landed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of John, the office manager for Henderson Distributors.  Falsly accused of inappropriate behavior by J. Houston Black, and important customer.   Joe Hederson uses this as an excuse to trap the gorgeous John into a life of slavery.  John is place in a number of humiliating situations and secretly photographed by the devious Joe Henderson.
This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/m+,F/m,Oral,NC,Hum,cbt,Spank

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com  or  elder@fetchmail.com

Baited, Hooked and Landed.





Baited, Hooked and Landed.

Part 1, The Accusation


"John, get your sorry ass in here", screamed my boss, Joe Henderson. 

"Coming sir",  I replied in a shaken voice.  "What the fuck have I done now", I
thought to my self as I scrambled into his office. 

"Leave the fucking door open", he screamed as I jumped back from my attempt to
close the officer door, hoping to save a little of my dignity.  "Everyone out
there already knows what a useless piece of shit you are, so closing the door
ain't gonna help ya".  he sneered.

 "Oh, oh, I am in big trouble", raced through my mind as my face turned a deep
red from this public assault on my person.  "He is gonna fire me this time, shit
and I really liked this job.  But what did I do wrong, I don't remember
anything, shit".

He was sitting behind his desk, an unforgiving anger spread across face.  All I
could think of was, "John you are dead meat".  I went to sit in the hard wooden
chair, reserved for employees that displeased him.  It was centered and  about
four feet from the front of his desk.  He used the chair to intimidate, and it
worked. 

"Don't you dare sit down, you chicken shit, mother fucking asshole", he yelled. 

I sprang back up and stood there, my knees and the rest of my body shaking like
a leaf on a tree in a storm, waiting for the hammer to fall.

"Read this you little prick", he growled as he handed me a sheet of paper that
looked like a standard business letter. 

I took the letter from him with a shaking hand and began to read.  The heading
indicated that it was from, J. Houston Black, an ignorant son of a bitch that
considers  poor working slobs like me to be nothing more than slaves that should
obey his every whim.  However, J. Houston's company was a major client of our
firm and we, the slaves, had to put up with his bullshit.

The content of the letter hit like a ton of bricks:

Hi Joe;

We seem to have a problem with your office manager, John.  I tried to reach you
by phone to speak personally with you, however you were out of the office and I
am on my way to the airport.  Must be in France tonight and will be away for two
weeks. 

I must tell you that John is a rude, inconsiderate guttersnipe.  He talks down
to his betters, and seems to think he runs Henderson Distributors.  He has
always been very abusive with my staff, but this mornings incident was the final
straw.    He told Henry my Chief Clerk that,  "his nose was stuffed so far up
the boss's ass that he hadn't seen the light of day for years".  Now I ask you
Joe is this any way for an office manager to treat a valued customer?

Of course Henry was very offended by this unwarranted remark and reported it
straight to me, as he does all things that happen in my office.  Henry as you
know is a hard worker, the best I have ever had, and I think it is unforgivable
that he be treated in this manner.
   
I am sure appropriate action to will be taken to rectify this situation.  Will
call you upon my return.

Best regards,
J. Houston Black
Black Industries.

I was stunned.  Not one word of that accusation was true.  But how in hell was I
going to convince my boss?  True I had made a few mistakes since taking this job
six months ago,  but they all related to small errors in the orders.  I have
never been verbally abusive to any of the customers, particularly Henry.  So
what the hell was going on.

"Well, shithead", the boss growled, "what have you got to say for yourself"? 

"Look, Mr. Henderson, I don't like to call anyone a liar, but there is not one
word of truth in any of this.  I have never abused Henry, nor did I say that to
him this morning".  "I don't understand what is going on here".  I stammered. 

 "So you deny it". he almost screamed, spittle spraying across his desk. 

"Yes sir, it is just not true",  I weakly defended myself.

He got up, the anger still spread across finely chiseled features. Came around
the desk and stood directly in front of me.  His big right hand came up and
grabbed my tie.  He pulled my face closer and screamed, "bullshit".

I was not expecting the gob of spit that shot out from between those firm,
puckish lips, traveled the 2 inches that separated us and hit me square between
the eyes.  I could feel the spittle dripping down my nose, across my lips and
then down my chin.  I was too terrified to make the move to wipe it off.

Still holding me by the tie he dragged me over towards the door.  He grabbed the
door with his other big fist and slammed it shut.  The tie had closed up and was
cutting off my windpipe and I was having difficulty getting a breath.  He then
headed back towards the chair dragging me along behind.  I started to raise my
hands to try and loosen his grip on the tie.  I needed air and was on the verge
of panic. His left hand rose like lightning and slapped me hard across the face,
at the same time he released the tie and I went flying across the room and hit
the wall. 

I was stunned and began to slide down the wall gasping,  filling my lungs with
air.  It must have been a few minutes until I regained my senses.  When I
finally looked up he was seated back in his chair behind the desk.  He was
totally calm now, a very serene look on his face.

"Are you ok John?", he asked in a very gentle voice, all the anger seemed to
have abated. 

"Yes sir", I replied still shaken by the enormity of the violence. 

"Good, come on over and sit down".

I got up on shaky legs and kind of wobbled over to the wooden chair and sat
down.  Still trying to get my breathing back into some sort of normal rhythm.

"Do you like working here, John?", he asked.

"Yes sir, very much.", I replied, but suddenly was beginning to have some
doubts. 

"Do you want me to fire you John?", he asked in all seriousness. 

"No sir." was all I could manage to stammer. 

"Well let me fill you in on the facts of life.", he began, still in that calm,
serious voice. 

"I have here a letter of complaint from J. Houston.  I know you deny it, but you
can be very sure that Henry will attest to this being true, and if I know JH and
Henry, there will be corroborating witnesses to Henry's complaint.  So you can
plead innocence from now to dooms day but it will do you no good.  The complaint
is solid or it would never have been lodged.  Now do you still proclaim your
innocence?" 

What in the hell was I going to do?  I was innocent.  It was all a pack of lies,
but why?  I could see that the boss was waiting impatiently for an answer, so I
decided to go for the truth.  After all they say that Truth will out.  Ha, who
ever came up with that little gem was full of shit.

"Sir", I said in my humblest tone,  "the complaint is a complete lie".  I could
see his cheeks start to flush slightly again as he spoke,

"I am seriously considering firing you right now.  I have the grounds and could
throw you out of here with nothing." 

He paused and continued to look at me.  I know I was squirming.  Not only did I
like my job, I liked the money.  Joe Henderson may have been a bit of a tyrant,
but he paid very well, very well indeed.  I really did not want to lose this
job.

"John you may think I am an asshole, and that may even be true at times, but I
am also a very fair and compassionate man.  JH can be a real prick when he wants
to, but his business is also very important to this company.  So I must take
action that will appease the man.  As well I am going to give you a chance to
keep your job."  he said.

I guess my sigh of relief was audible, because he stopped and looked at me with
daggers in his eyes again.

"If you want to keep this job, you must be taught a lesson that will not be
easily forgotten.  This lesson will involve embarrassment and humiliation and it
will be recorded as proof for JH.  You must agree to obey every command you are
given, without hesitation or question, for the rest of the day.  If you succeed
you may keep your job, and I will see to it that JH never pulls a stunt like
this again.  Do you think you are man enough to handle it, John?",  this
statement was delivered in a tone that said either agree or get up, get out and
don't come back. 

There are moments when I wish I had just left.  But at 25,  being young and
relatively care free,   I quickly answered, "Yes sir",  without really thinking
about what I was doing, and so my fate and future were sealed at that moment.




Part 2 - The Trap

"Well then, let us just see if you are serious". he said with a questioning
look. 

"Strip John.  Everything off." 

I didn't move, I couldn't believe what I had heard.

He looked me square in the eye.

"I knew you weren't serious", he growled, "get out of my sight, shithead". 

My reaction to that was much, much faster, "I am sorry sir, I just wasn't
expecting that kind of a command." I stammered. 

"I don't give a fuck what kind of command you were expecting, nor do I want any
of your stupid fucking excuses". he shouted,  "Get out".

"Please sir, please give me a second chance.  I promise I won't hesitate again. 
Please". I begged.  I must have been a sorry sight, begging my boss to let me
strip.  How low was I willing to go to keep this job?  Well I didn't know it
then but the answer was beyond the point of no return.

"One more chance and that's it.  If you fail, you are history around here." he
growled, "Now strip". 

I swear in less than 30 seconds I was standing in front of him, bare assed
naked.  My hands covering the family jewels in my extreme embarrassment at
having my boss look at me naked.

"Get your hands away from your cock, shithead, I want to see it".  he sneered.

Without hesitation I moved my hands to my side.  I could feel the flush in my
cheeks as my embarrassment began to show. 

I must have also been finding the situation mildly erotic, because I could feel
blood starting to pump into my 7 inch, uncut dong.  The boss looked into my eyes
and a smile spread across his lips and he began to laugh. 

"You like this, don't you, shithead?   You like being put on show", he stated
through his laughter that traveled merrily throughout his 5'9, 250 lb. frame.

"How would you like to be the boss for a little while, shithead?"  he asked with
a sardonic look on his face. 

"You would like that wouldn't you"?  he questioned.

He obviously wanted me to agree, so rather than get him pissed again I agreed. 

"Well then, don't just stand there, come on over and sit in the bosses chair. 
After all if you are going to be the boss ya gotta sit in the bosses chair".  he
said this as he got up and moved around to the front of the desk. 

Bewildered, I made my way around and sat down in his black leather chair. 

"Feels good to be on the other side of the desk doesn't it?"  more statement
than real question. 

"Yes sir", I replied weakly. 

He just gave another big belly laugh and turned towards the wooden chair and
picked up my clothes from where I had placed them. 

"Be back in just a sec",  he said as he took my cloths and left the office.

"Oh shit, what is he going to do with my cloths", I thought.  "What the hell is
he up to?"  I could feel hot blood coursing through the little veins in my
cheeks.  My face must be flaming. 

At the same time blood was filling my dick.  It was semi erect and bobbing as it
became harder and harder.  What the hell, this shit was starting to turn me on. 
"What kind of an asshole gets turned on by this kind'a shit".  Was running
through my mind.

A few minutes later he was back, he walked over to the wooden chair and sat
down. 

"Well now mister boss man, it is time for you to act like a boss." he stated. 

"I just told all the staff that you are being trained for management and for the
rest of the day you will be the boss and they must do exactly what you tell
them.  You are going to call each one in and give then all a task to perform". 
A big smile forming on his lips as he saw the colour return to my cheeks and the
question forming on my lips.  "No you will not get your clothes back.  You must
issue the orders while naked". 

I was flabbergasted and scared shitless.  I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 

He saw my discomfort, just smiled, then continued.  "Ok, first off start jerking
yourself off, but don't cum until I give you permission.  Go on shithead, get
that fucking hand down there and start jacking off or so help me I'll pick you
up the way you are and throw you out on the street".

What the hell was I going to do.  The boss is a big man, and built with muscle
on muscle.  He works out at Ted's Gym for two hours every day and he is one hell
of a boxer.  I on the other hand am 5'5 , 150 lbs. with my cloths on, and
wouldn't know how to defend myself to save my life.  I am not involved in sports
or any kind of a physical work out.  Ok, ok  I'm a nerd and admit it.  So you
see I really didn't have any choice but comply.  As much as I hated the idea, my
right hand dropped below the desk and grabbed my semi hard dick and began to rub
it.

"Good boy", said the boss with a satisfied smile on his smug face.

"Oh, one other thing John", he had a sparkle in his eye as he said it,  which
put me on the alert. 

This was obviously not going to be nice. 

"I have also told the staff that they are to address you as Mr. Bigballs.  Now
that should be a big help in building your self esteem, don't you think"? he
chuckled. 

What else could I say but a meek, "Yes sir". 

"Keep wanking that dick Mr. Bigballs", he laughed.

"First in will be Jerry.  He fucked up the other day and has been waiting on
pins and needles for me to chew him out.  I have purposely been holding back, he
works so much better when kept on edge.  He made an error in billing and we are
stuck for it.  It was only $50. bucks, but it is the principle of the thing.  If
I let him get away with it he might do it again.  So he must pay dearly for this
error, and you Mr. Bigballs will deliver that punishment.  Now here is what you
will do when he comes in." 

He then began to detail the punishment.  I listened in unbelieving silence. 

When he had finished I stammered, "I can't do that to Jerry.  Please Mr.
Henderson don't make me do it.  I will never be able to look Jerry in the eye
again."

"Oh you are going to do it, Mr. Bigballs.  Exactly as I detailed it. You see I
now have photo's of you stripping in my office, pic's of that little thingy of
yours starting to rise.  Photo's you going over and sitting in my chair and
masturbating.  The photo's show only you.  How would you like it if I sent them
off to that sweet little lady of yours, huh?  Or maybe to your parents or better
still how about I call in the police and tell them I found these photo's on the
tape from the security system camera.  While charges probably would not be laid,
the news hounds seem to sniff out these kinds of stories and you could be in the
evening papers. How does that strike you"?,  and again he gave me that foul,
evil smile.

Oh fuck, I was trapped and knew it.  I would be playing his little game exactly
the way he wanted it.  I simply had no choice in the matter.




Part 3, Punish the guilty.

Jerry entered the office timidly.  He knew he was in trouble with the boss and
after ten years he knew the kinds of warped punishments Joe Henderson could and
would inflict on an employee that fucked up.  All he could do was hope that the
punishment would be over quickly .

Jerry was 55 years old, 6'1, and a 145 lbs. of skin and bone.   He didn't have
much formal education, no real skills and was practically unemployable when Joe
Henderson took him on.  Joe Henderson paid all his employees very well, better
than any comparable employer, but in return the employee had to be prepared to
put up with Joe's little idiosyncrasies.  They weren't all that bad and for the
money, Jerry was willing to accept them.  He just wished that Henderson didn't
find it necessary to humiliate him so much.

As he entered the office, Jerry could see me sitting behind the bosses desk.  He
noticed I was shirtless and probably had noted my right arm moving as I wanked
my dick as per the bosses orders.  I noticed a slight look of relief in his eyes
as he realized that I also was in shit and was being punished.  I guess he
thought my trouble was going to make it easier on him.  Well if that was what he
was thinking boy was he wrong.

"You wanted to see me Mr. Bigballs", he asked following Mr. Henderson's orders
and calling me by that humiliating name.  And so I began the charade, feeling
like a complete heal.   "Yes you old, rundown hunk of puke.  Park your sorry ass
in the fucking chair".  I bellowed.  "Do you know how fucking much money you
cost this company by your stupid mistake"?,  and without waiting for a reply
launched right in again,  "Fifty, that's how much, fifty fucking dollars.  What
do you think this fucking company is, Fort fucking Knox"? Jerry opened his mouth
to reply but I cut him off.  "Keep your fucking mouth shut when you are talking
to me, asshole.  Open it again and you'll get something smashed in it that you
won't like".

"Now how the fuck are you going to make up for that fifty bucks"?  I demanded,
and this time waited for poor old Jerry to answer.  I prayed that he was smart
enough not to keep his mouth shut.  But was also sure that Henderson knew that
he wouldn't.  I just didn't want the embarrassment of what I was required to
demand of  Jerry if he opened his mouth.

The room filled with a deadly silence for what seemed an eternity but in reality
was only about 30 seconds or so.  But 30 seconds of deathly silence,
particularly when tensions are running high,  can seem like hours.  Finally poor
old Jerry just couldn't take the silence any longer.  He opened his mouth and
began to speak,  "I'll gladly re.."

"Didn't I tell you to keep your fucking mouth shut, you simple headed mother
fucker?", I screamed, cutting him off. 

"Didn't I? ...... Didn't I also warn you of the consequences of opening your
fucking mouth?  Well you stupid shithead your in even more trouble now then when
you came in here."  He just sat there shaking. 

Fuck I hated this, I was scaring the hell of the poor old guy.  Then I noticed
Henderson scowl at me, I guess the revulsion of this scharade was showing on my
face.  That scowl though was enough to make me continue. 

"Well you old prick if you really need to have your fucking mouth open that
badly you might as well put it to work.  Get your worthless ass around here and
get down on your fucking knee's."  Jerry obeyed instantly jumping up and
hurrying around to my side of the desk.  Then he stopped dead in his tracks. 
His jaw dropped open when he saw that I was completely naked and wanking my
cock. 

"What are you waiting for cocksucker.   Get the fuck down on your knee's, crawl
under the desk and start sucking my cock.  And don't you dare make me cum until
I give you permission".   

Damned it I hated my self for saying that.  But for both our sakes I had to go
on. 

"Well, what in hell are you waiting for?" 

Slowly Jerry dropped to his knee's, disbelief written all over his face as he
crawled under the desk, turned around and faced my self induced boner, now
dripping precum all over the place.  He brought his head forward but just
couldn't seem to bring himself to place his mouth on my throbbing dong.  I felt
so sorry for him.  Then I noticed Henderson get up off the chair he was sitting
in over in the corner and position himself so he could see Jerry.  Jerry must
have noticed the movement and turned his head to look Henderson in the eye. 

Then an incredible, warm sensation engulfed my cock.  One look from Henderson
convinced Jerry to get his mouth working.  For the next 30 min Jerry gave me the
most fantastic blowjob I had ever had.  He brought me to the edge of orgasm
fairly quickly and seemed to know just exactly how to keep me there.  "Holy
shit", I wondered, "is he gay"?  He sure seems to know his way around a cock." 
I was lost in the pleasure of it all when I heard a soft, "hrrumph", from
Henderson.  Time to carry on.

Sarah was our secretary and she was next on Henderson's hit list.  She had
bungled up on some correspondence.  Nothing serious and we caught it before it
left the office,  but Henderson punished all mistakes, serious or not. 

Sarah was a petit girl, stood about 5'4", in her 1 inch heels, with beautiful
auburn hair that flowed down her back like a waterfall.  She had a slim waist
but a humongus set of cans,  they must have been at least a 46D.  She was
dressed in a light tan coloured two piece suit, with a white frilly edged blouse
and rainbow string tie, with a moonstone clip.  She was a very good looking
young lady.

She entered the office, and remembering what happened to me earlier, asked for
permission to close the door.  I looked towards Henderson and he gave a very
slight nod, so I gave Sarah the ok.  She walked over to the desk but did not
make any attempt to sit without permission.  If she thought it unusual that the
boss in training should be sitting there with no shirt on she never let it show
on her face or in her manner.

"Please have a seeeeaat" I invited her while giving a little gasp.  Jerry had
just done something to the nerve ends on my cock that sent a thrill surging
through my body.  Oh this was going to be a tough one.  After she had seated
herself  I began with a concerned voice,  "As you are aware Sarah, we can not
afford to have employee's making mistakes with our vital correspondence".

"While the mistakes were minimal and were caught in time, the consequences could
have been embarrassing to the company.  Don't you agree?"  Without hesitation
she answered in a clear, calm voice. 

"Oh yes, Mr. Bigballs.  I understand completely and offer no excuse for such
stupid errors."  She gave me a big smile, which just about knocked me out of my
chair, and waited patiently for a response from me.

"Well Sarah, to help you realize how important your position is, and how vital
you not make mistakes,  you must be given a lesson that will be a positive
reinforcement."  My lips were trembling as I spoke.  Jerry had me at the edge
and I was ready to blow my load.  Just as I thought I was going to start
shooting hot beads of love juice all over the poor bugger, he stopped. "Oh God,
don't stop Jerry, don't stop."  I must have been trembling all over at this
point and I was having trouble concentrating on what I had to do next.  Although
this was supposed to be a punishment for Sarah, it was really a punishment for
me.

"Would you agree that a lesson is needed, Sarah?" I asked through trembling
lips. 

"Oh yes, Mr. Bigballs",  she answered with honey sweet innocence. 

Now would come the part that I was dreading.  With my right hand I pushed Jerry
off my cock and stood up.  I'll swear my face was redder than any red you have
ever seen.  I could feel the fire in my face.

I expected Sarah to give a gasp of dismay, or something like it but what I got
instead was  a giggle of delight.  "Oh Mr. Bigballs, you seem to have
a.....little....problem".

"Fucking right I do bitch, and he is sitting over in the corner getting his
jollies off at my expense". I thought, but said,  "Yes I guess so."

"These mistakes were not really your fault Sarah, they were mine.  As office
manager I should have been more vigilant in checking to make sure everything was
correct.  I neglected my duty and as a result you have been made to suffer some
embarrassment.  It is therefore, imperative that I be given some positive
reinforcement to ensure I am more vigilant in carrying out my duties  in
future."  I stammered out this little speech standing naked in front of this
beautiful girl, my face getting redder by the second and my poor cock throbbing
and bouncing all over the place.

"Sarah would you please administer the reinforcement, by giving my cock ten
good, hard whacks with that ruler sitting on my desk?"  I asked in a pitiful,
partly frightened voice. 

Sarah gave me that smile again and said,  "Why certainly Mr. Bigballs,  always
glad to help". 

I looked over at Henderson and he just gave me a big smile.  The rotten son of a
bitch had this all set up, I'll swear to it.  Either that or Sarah was some sort
of scatter brain, which I knew she wasn't.  Ok, I'll take the ruler whacks I
thought to myself and won't give either of them the satisfaction of hearing me
howl.  Little did I know.

Sarah picked up the ruler and gave it a couple of playful pats against the palm
of her hand.  She looked me square in the eye, that smile still curling those
beautiful, full lips. 

"Just come right over here Mr. Bigballs and place your cute tush against the
back of the chair". 

I did as I was told. 

"Now place your hands on the back of the chair and force that little thingy way
out so I can reach it." 

This was damned embarrassing, but I followed her commands.  So there I was bent
over backwards, supported by my hands on the back of the chair and my cock
throbbing and bouncing, waiting for this pretty lady to start beating the shit
out of it with a ruler.

In this position I could not see my member, only the ruler when she raised it
above her head.  She gave me that sweet look again and then brought the ruler
down with all the force her tiny body could muster.  Tiny she might have been,
but the pain that erupted through my cock was like no other pain I had ever
experienced before.  A scream erupted from my lips, arising from deep within my
body, reverberated around the walls of that office and out into the main work
area and then throughout the building, I am sure.  The scream was so loud and so
sudden that it startled poor old Jerry still on his knees under the table.  He
gave a jolt, banging his head against the underside of the desk and let a loud
moan and gasped, "Oh fuck".

My cock was on fire and quickly lost it's erection.  My hands had come off the
chair and I was dancing and hopping around the room holding my damaged piece of
meat and screaming obscenities. 

Finally the pain began to ebb and I quit with the hopping and dancing.  Tears
from my eyes were clouding my vision and dripping profusely down my cheeks.  Two
pairs of amused eyes followed my every movement. 

As the pain abated I looked down at my violated member and saw that it was
bleeding,  The ruler had made a neat little slice across the top, a fraction of
an inch behind the head.  The welt from the ruler blow, was red and angry
looking.

"Well Mr. Bigballs you are a bit of a wimp aren't you",  Sarah sarcastically
remarked,  "that was only the first one, you still have nine to go".  

"Nine, fucking nine.  I'll never live through nine. I can't take it. I can't
take it."  I thought in panic.  I looked towards Henderson, still sitting there
with that amused smile on his face and openly pleaded. 

"Please sir, I just can't another whack like that.  I'll do anything you ask but
please not that". 

I was ashamed of myself, tears rolling down my cheeks and begging like a little
child not to be punished.  The smile left Henderson's face instantly. 

He looked at Sarah and said, "You know what to do, Sarah". 

"Yes sir", she answered.

She turned and marched over the a large cupboard that graced the wall next to
the door that lead to Henderson's private washroom.  She opened a door on the
lower right side of the cupboard and rummaged around inside for a second or two. 
When she stood back up she was holding what looked like handcuffs and manacles. 
She then moved to the left side of the cupboard and did something at the wall
and what seemed to be a half table dropped silently to the floor.

"Come here, Mr. Bigballs", she commanded. 

Tears still running down my face I obeyed and walked over to the table. 

"Sit that cute little tush on the table and lie back". 

Again I followed her instructions.  I don't know what in the hell I was
thinking, but it sure wasn't with any degree of intelligence, for if it had been
there is no way I would have continued to follow her instructions.  Maybe I was
thinking that Henderson had changed his mind and I would not have to have nine
more whacks with that fucking ruler against my poor cock.  All I know is that
like a zombie I did as I was told.

The table was just big enough for me to lie back, my head clearing the wall by
about 2 inches.  Only about 2 inches of my ass, the 2 inches below the tailbone
were actually on the table.  My legs hung down and touched the floor.  Next
thing I know Sarah grab's my right hand and brings it down over the side of the
table,  snaps a leather lined hand cuff on my wrist and then fastens it to the
wall below the table.  She pulled it down tight and I had to shift a little to
make it more comfortable.  She then did the same with my left wrist on the other
side.  I have got to tell you that was an awkward position to be in and it was
not very comfortable at all.  I couldn't move the upper portion of my body
without causing pain to one shoulder or the other.

Then I felt my right leg being pulled to the side of the table and fastened to
something.  Again this was repeated with my left leg.  I was completely helpless
and it finally dawned on me that my cock was now pushed out, and she could do
whatever she wanted and there was nothing I could do to stop her. 

"Now Mr. Bigballs", she said with an evil grin on her face, "since you were not
man enough to take your positive reinforcement voluntarily,  you will have to
take it bound." 

"Oh no Sarah, please.  I can't take anything more like that. Please do not do
this". I pleaded, degrading my self even further. 

"Mr. Henderson please not this, not this".  And I began crying like a child.

"Settle down you little wimp", Sarah commanded.  "Because of your wimpy behavior
I think you should get an addition ten on top of the nine owing". 

"No. No. No.", I screamed.  "No.  Fire me Mr. Henderson.  Throw me out the door
naked.  I don't care.  But leave my cock alone.  Anything is better than that". 

I was shaking uncontrollably,  petrified to have that ruler whack against my
defenseless member.  But it was all to no avail.  Sarah stepped between my
spread legs, that evil grin still on her lips, and raised the ruler.  With a
whoosh it descended toward my cock and I screamed even before contact was made.

The pain was indescribable.  Each whack of the ruler was worse than the one
before.  I screamed and begged and screamed again.  I screamed until I was
hoarse and my screams became silent gasps of air escaping from my tortured body. 
But still the punishment went on.  I must have blacked out around the 15th blow
of that dreaded ruler.  When I became aware of my surroundings again I could
hear Sarah and Henderson talking somewhere in the distance.

Then I heard Henderson say, "Ah it looks like our little sleepyhead is finally
awake". 

Sarah came over and looked down at my tear streaked, anguished eyes.  That ever
present smile still curled around her lips. 

"Only five more to go Mr. Bigballs and I can now really call you bigballs.  The
ruler missed your cock a couple of times and hit your poor little balls.  But
they seem  to have grown up", and she gave a mocking laugh as she turned and
headed back down between my legs.

The five remaining whacks were administered, while I continued to dry scream.  I
have read that if the pain is great enough and long enough eventually you begin
to get erotic sensations and it is even possible to get off.  While I am here to
tell you that is all bullshit.  There is nothing erotic about having your cock
beat all the way to hell and back.  There is nothing but one great big ball of
pain shooting out in all directions along those very delicate nerve endings. 
But contrary to what I thought after that first blow, I did manage to survive
the beating.

I was almost on the verge of blacking out again when the last blow was
delivered.  When my gasping and dry screaming subsided, Sarah began unfastening
my bonds.  But I couldn't move.  The pain was excruciating.  I seemed to be
hurting everywhere at once.

After releasing me, Sarah walked out of my field of vision, leaving me to suffer
in my agony.

I don't know how long I lay there before I was able to start to move.  But even
then the pain was still debilitating.  However the cramps I was experiencing in
my shoulders and upper arms as well as my thigh muscles made movement imperative
and soon.  Through shear will power I forced myself to sit up.  The pain that
tore through my cock from that simple movement made me give another dry scream. 
Once up I just sat there in a kind of delirium.

I noticed movement from across the room and looked up.  Henderson had got up
from his chair and was walking over to me.  As he approached, an overwhelming
hate began to surface from deep within me.  The closer he got to me the deeper
that hatred became.  He was no more than two feet from me when my hatred boiled
over. 

"You rotten bastard", I rasped from parched throat and lips as  I lunged toward
him,  my fist doubled. 

I wanted to kill him at that moment and if I'd of had the strength and ability I
know I would have.  But as I mentioned before I am a nothing physically and my
blow was no more than a tickle to him.

He just laughed and pushed me back.  I was so weak I fell against the table and
then onto the floor.  The fall caused more pain to my cock and I gave a gasp of
agony.  I didn't even have the strength to get back up.  All my strength had
been used up on that lunge.  Tears again began to roll down my cheeks.  Tears of
pain, frustration and humiliation.

He looked down at me, a look of disgust on his face as I curled myself up into
the fetal position.

"I do believe it is coffee break time, is it not Sarah?" I heard him say to the
bitch.

"Why yes it is Mr. Henderson, I was having so much fun I didn't even notice."
she replied with a giggle.

"Why not join me?" he asked.  "We can go down to the coffee shop downstairs, my
treat." 

"That would be lovely." she answered, and off they went.

They pain was still indescribable.   I just pulled myself up tighter into the
fetal position and hoped for it to ease.   I must have eventually drifted off
into a troubled sleep.   I felt someone shaking my shoulder.

"It's ok John", Henderson said in a quiet, soothing voice. 

"The beating is over, you have had a nice rest.  It is time to get on with being
the boss".

What, surely he didn't intend to go on with this nonsense? 

From the look in his eyes I could plainly see that he did. 

How much more?  How fucking much more was I going to be able to take.   He must
be able to see that I was almost finished.

"Come on son, let me help you up and get you back to the bosses chair".  He said
in a fatherly tone. 

He bent over placed his arms gently under mine and helped me to my feet. 
Another stab of pain shot from my cock, up through my abdomen and throughout my
body.  While another dry scream erupted from my parched lips.

Walking was almost impossible.  Each movement of my legs brought more pain, more
agony.  By the time we reached the chair I felt ready to pass out from it all.

He gently helped me to sit down, then said, "Get Jerry to lick your dick slowly,
with lots of spit, it will help". 

I looked at him and then down at the hapless Jerry still on his hands and knees
under the desk.  Maybe Henderson was right, maybe a gentle tongue with lots of
spit would help ease the terrible throbbing in my dick.

"Jerry", I rasped, "please lick my dick, very, very gently and use lots of
spit".  Jerry looked at me with two of the saddest eyes I had ever seen.  He
gave a slight nod of his head and moved to do my bidding.  Then I saw the
shocked look on his face.  I had not looked down at my abused member since being
released from the table.  The look on Jerry's face drew my eyes to it, like a
nail to a magnet.

I gave a wail that even my screamed out, parched throat could not hold back. 
Tears rolled down my face again, along with broken hearted sobs.  My cock was a
mess.  It was swollen to at least four times it's normal size.  It was red, raw
and black and blue.  It, along with my balls were covered in dry and coagulating
blood.  There were cuts along the entire shaft and a few on the purple head as
well.  It was just one hell of a mess.

"Oh don't worry John it looks a lot worse than it really is", the boss said in
that fatherly soothing,  tone. 

"In a day or two it will be good as new".

That's easy for him to say, I'm the one in pain and now shocked by what I see.

Anyway Jerry starts his gentle licking and in a few seconds it actually does
start to feel better.  I just sit there letting Jerry's ministrations sooth the
pain. 




Part 4.  The humiliation continues

Jerry continued to gently lick my abused member and the pain slowly began to
fade.  Henderson had gone back to his chair against the wall and just watched. 
I was in no hurry to continue, and Henderson seemed to be content to let me
settle down and get it back together.

Fifteen minutes or more must have gone by when Henderson said,  "John I don't
think you are in good enough condition to continue with the scenario I
originally laid out, so I think we will make a couple of changes".

Oh, oh  I thought to myself, this could be bad.  But I really had no choice than
to say, "Whatever you say sir".

He came over and laid out the new plan.  It turned out to be not nearly as bad
as the original one.  In fact the only thing that would happen is that I would
be humiliated in front of the remaining office staff.  Hell I would have been
humiliated under the other plan as well but the difference was in the severity
of that humiliation. 

Without a lot of enthusiasm I began the preparations for what I thought would be
my last humiliation of the day.

The remaining staff, two junior clerks, Frank and Eddy and the bookkeeper Fred
all appeared on cue at the door. 

"Come on in gentleman",  I said,  "this will only take a moment".  I paused to
catch my breath and then began,  "As you probably know by now I fucked up
royally today.  This screw up could have cost the company it's most valuable
client".

With these words they quickly glanced at each, a knowing look in their eyes that
said, "J. Houston Black".  No fools these three.  It sure made it easier knowing
that they realized this was a bullshit punishment.

"I am a useless piece of shit that really deserves to be thrown out on my ass. 
However, our employer is a fair, compassionate man",  I fairly choked on that
little bit of bs, "and has decided to forgive me my stupidity.  However, Mr.
Henderson has indicated, and I fully agree, that this stupidity could have cost
you your jobs.  Now on the whole Mr. Henderson has been very satisfied with my
management of the office and he really does not want to fire me.  It was
therefore imperative that in order for me to keep my position here an
appropriate punishment must be delivered that would:  firstly satisfy Mr.
Houston and secondly ensure that not only I, but all the remaining employees
understand that all clients are to be treated with the utmost respect and
attention at all times". 

All of this delivered through a throat so sore and dry that the words came out 
harsh, raspy.  Oh what I would have given for a glass of water.

Well now that I had finished putting myself down in front of my staff it was
time for the final humiliation.

"You probably heard my screams a little while ago".  all three sets of eye
suddenly came to attention.

"Mr. Henderson felt that the only way to get this point across was through the
use of physical violence, which he abhors".  I continued. 

"We both agree that it is important for you to know about what went on in this
room during that time and see for yourself the final result".  I had to pause
for effect and got it, as the three shifted nervously.

"What you are about to see is the result of  only 20 whacks with this metal
ruler", I stated holding up the offending instrument for them to see.   My dried
blood was all over it.

I then pushed Jerry's head away from my still swollen and battered cock, then
made an extreme effort to stand up.  Three gasps were emitted simultaneously
from the three staff members and they looked at me with pity in there eyes.  I
didn't think I would feel all that humiliated this time, but the pity in their
eyes started the blood rushing to my face.  It was on fire.  But worst of all,
bloody tears began to fall down my cheeks as I began to cry in self-pity.   Huge
sobs erupted from me as I cried like a baby in front of these three men with
whom I had to work.

I had become a complete basket case so Henderson took over and shooshed the
three men and then Jerry as well out of the office and shut the door.

He came over to me and place his big warm arms around me and pulled me tight to
his chest, I was still crying and sobbing uncontrollably. 

 "There, there John it's ok.  You did real good and you can keep your job.  The
worst is over and the rest of the day will be a breeze".

He gently stroked my head, rubbed one of his big strong arms up and down my back
and continued to assure me that everything was ok. 

"Please sir", I cried into his shoulder,  "please don't make me be the boss any
more.  Please sir". and a new wave of crying and sobbing erupted. 

Henderson continued to assure me that everything was alright and that I was just
plain old John the office manager again.  It took him quite awhile but finally I
began to calm down and get the crying to stop.   But I was a broken man.  

Once I had attained a measure of control, the boss walked me towards his private
toilet.  I had never been in there and was amazed at the size.  Along with the
usual assortment of bathroom fixtures, there was a large hot tub/whirlpool in
the center of the room.  It was bubbling and foaming, with steam rising from the
surface.  It looked so inviting,  I suddenly wanted that hot tub more than I had
wanted anything else in my whole life.  He walked me over to the sink and told
me to hold on to it for a minute.  Then he began to undress.

I hardly noticed, all I wanted was that tub.  Once he had shucked off his cloths
he came over and helped me to the tub.

"Be careful now John",  he cautioned,  "we don't want you falling and hurting
yourself do we?"

"No sir." I weakly replied.

He stepped in first then taking both my hands in his he helped me in.  There
were four steps to the bottom.  With each step down the water rose about 12
inches up my body.  As I started down to the third step the swirling water hit
my cock and I let out a gasp and low scream of pain.  Oh fuck did it hurt, well
burn actually.  My dick felt like it was on fire.

But Henderson wouldn't let me stop he coaxed me on in.  Finally we were on the
bottom and he motioned me over to where a seat was molded into the side of the
tub.  I gingerly sat down, leaned back,  closed my eyes and let the hot,
swirling water begin the healing process.

I must have fallen asleep because I felt gentle hands shaking me and a voice
that seemed to be far away was calling my name.

I slowly awoke to the voice of  Henderson calling softly to me,  "John, John,
wake up it's time to get out of the tub."

"Go away," I mumbled,  "I don't want to get out, ever."

"You have to John, it is too hot to stay in much longer.  If you don't get out
your body is going to overheat.  So up you get."

Against my will, I let Henderson pull me up and guide me to the steps.  I must
admit I felt a lot better now then when I was getting into the tub.  Climbing
the stairs was easy and the pain in my  groin was almost completely gone. 

Once we were out of the tub, Henderson ushered me to the shower where he washed
me down with warm water and liquid bath soap.   The feeling of his strong hands
rubbing all over my abused body felt wonderful and extremely erotic.  My swollen
meat began to erect.  I looked down and couldn't believe the size of the thing. 
I mean my dick fully erect is just what I believe a normal, healthy dick, on an
average guy to be, about the circumference of  a farmer's sausage.  I had heard
stories of guys that had dicks the circumference of a coke can but never
believed it possible.  Well as my dick became erect what I was looking at was
this humbugs piece of fuck meat.  The diameter was so big I could not get my
hand around it.

Henderson's voice cut through my thoughts while I was looking at my meat. 

"That's an impressive dick you got there John,  bet that would give someone a
hell of a thrill." 

"Yes sir,"  I replied,  "But it would probably hurt so much that I wouldn't get
any pleasure at all."

"Oh I don't know about that," he said as he sunk to his knees in front of me and
began to caress my enlarged member with his soft, hot tongue.  He flicked his
tongue across, over and under the  large purple head, sending wonderful
sensations to my agonized brain.  Sensations that I had begun to fear I would
never experience again. 

Those wonderful sensations combined with the knowledge that I still had feeling
in my cockhead, caused the blood to pump in earnest into my member.  It began to
throb and pulse in time with the beating of my heart, which was rapidly
increasing.  Henderson was now working his way down the shaft of my enlarged
fuck machine, his tongue making little darting flickers which were driving me
wild with excitement.

I felt his big, gentle hands under my balls.  He gently squeezed and fondled
them.  I was in heaven.  Great gobs of precum were dripping from my piss slit
and hanging like a large silk thread as it made it's way to the floor. 
Henderson noticed the silky string dropping down and quickly moved his head
under it and his tongue flicked out to catch it in mid fall, raising his head
and catching the whole stream all the way back up to my cockhead.

I was in the throws of the most sublime ecstasy,  my nuts were full to bursting
from Jerry's earlier ministrations, and now with the incredible feelings being
inflicted upon me by my boss, I knew I would be soon blowing my nuts all over
this shower.

Henderson must have realized that I was very close.  He opened his mouth as wide
as he could and tried to take my swollen and engorged member in his mouth.  It
was so huge that only the head and a tiny bit of the shaft would fit.  His mouth
was so stuffed he could just barely move his tongue.  Then he did the strangest
thing,  he began to hum.  No tune, just a steady  low tone hum that cause
vibrations all around the head of my dick.  At the same time one hand was gently
caressing and manipulating my swollen balls while the other was stroking the
shaft of my dick that wouldn't fit in his mouth.

After another few minutes of these manipulations I began to feel the lifting of
my nuts inside my sack.  I was on the verge of orgasm.  The boss felt the rising
as well because he began to furiously attack my dick and balls.  He started
fucking his mouth with the head of my cock and increased the jacking of his hand
on my shaft, while his other hand increased the manipulation of my nuts.

This caused a mixed sensation of pleasure and pain.  The two working in harmony,
raising me higher and higher.   Taking me into that magical world of coloured
lights, where nothing exists except pleasure.

It started with that wonderful feeling of well being, of peace, of power, of
strength.  That feeling like no other.  That feeling that drives man to the
depths of depravity and soaring to the top of the heavens.  The release of his
sperm,  what he is all about, his reason for living.  Forced from the end of the
dick under tremendous pressure and in that release bringing indescribable 
pleasure to the human male.

Shot after shot of hot, creamy,  man juice shot into the bosses mouth.  He
gagged, he choked and he gagged some more but he didn't loose a drop.  He caught
it all and swallowed.  I counted seven major eruptions of pure pleasure and
three gentler shots.  Henderson continued sucking dick snot from my cock while
continuing to jack me.  He wanted more, but my nuts were empty. 

I was spent, it had been a long afternoon and I needed desperately to sit or lie
down.  I pulled back and the head of my dick pulled out of the bosses mouth with
a loud pop.  Then I collapsed into his arms.

Part 5.  Lost Freedom.

I awoke at 10 p.m. that evening.    The boss had dried me and carried me to the
big, soft couch in his office.   He covered me with a blanket and left me to
sleep.

As I opened my eyes, I was not sure where I was.    The events of the day came
racing back into my consciousness.    I gave a shudder and then realized I was
in the bosses office.   The only light came from his desk lamp.  I looked around
but seemed to be the only one here.

I went to sit up and gave a scream as pain coiled up from my injured dick and
balls.   My hands flew to my crotch to cup then.   It was an agonizing pain.   I
was doubled over, tears and formed in my eyes and were dripping down my cheeks.

The office door opened and Mr. Henderson came rushing in.

"Are you ok, John?",  he asked with concern.

"Having a nightmare are we."

"Ah, no sir." I replied.  "The pain is still intense.  I tried to get up, I have
to go to the toilet."

"Here let me help." he said, taking me gently under the arm and lift slowly.

Another jolt of pain ripped through my dick and nuts.  But he didn't stop
lifting.  The pain continued as he got me to my feet.   I looked down and almost
fainted from the sight.   My dick was swollen to at least 5 times it's normal
size and the whole thing was a dark, dark blue, almost black, in colour.    My
balls were swollen and pushed out the sides past my dick.   Movement sent
excruciating pain throughout my entire groin.

Walking was almost impossible, but he forced me along to the toilet.   He held
me up while I emptied my bladder.   Even the movement of the urine moving down
the urethra caused ripples of pain along the outside of my prick.  I was
beginning to think I was much more seriously injured than Henderson had said.

When I had finished emptying my bladder I asked him if I could go home now.

"Ah, now that I am afraid you can not do John." he said with a smile.   "You see
you are home.   From now on you will be living with me.   I have called your
lady friend and told her I had to send you out of town on urgent business and
that you wouldn't be back for at least a week."

"You can't do that." I stammered in protest.  "You have no right to do that."

"Oh but I can John and I did.   I have enough photo's of you performing
degrading acts, by yourself and in front of the staff to force you to do
anything I want.  Not only that, the staff will stand up and testify that you
performed these acts.  You see John, like you they are all afraid of losing
their jobs and I have photo's of all of them in, ah.... shall we say,
compromising situations.   They will do just about anything I tell them, just
like you will from now on."

"You rotten bastard." I said through clenched teeth.

"Naughty, naughty John.   You shouldn't have said that.  Once your cock gets
better, that should be in about 5 days time, I shall have Sarah administer 10
more whacks to your cock and balls with that ruler.   You must learn to be
respectful to your Master, John."

The End.

Well maybe not quite the end.  If I receive requests to continue and maybe a few
suggestions on what you would like to see happen to poor, unwilling slave John,
I just might be persuaded to continue the story for a few more chapters.

Cheers
Rob

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com  or  elder@fetchmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





