BDSM Library - Ipshita




Ipshita
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ipshita is a young widow with two children who is forced into becoming a slave by her lover. She is humiliated, exhibited, and tortured mercilessly by her lover and his guests. The story is set in India where I am based and all my stories are based on real incidences reported in the press, but of course enhanced to spice it up.
IPSHITA

Part I
Trapped.
    

     They rang my doorbell at half past nine at night. I recognized Ramu, my
lover's (or ex-lover) right hand man. When he told me that Rajesh had sent him
to fetch me I was quite overjoyed, thinking for sure my lover wanted a
reconciliation. I couldn't confirm that with Ramu, since Rajesh never had
involved Ramu in any way in our relationship. When he asked me to accompany them
in the ricksha (a small open three-seater taxicab) that was waiting, I did so
with alacrity. I wanted to change from my kaftaan into my sari, but Ramu said
that his boss was in a hurry, and had told him to bring me in whatever I was
wearing, and I could change at his place. Well that made sense since a lot of my
clothes were still at his house. I was a bit uncomfortable about this since I
was not wearing a bra, but agreed anyway, since I knew Rajesh hated to be kept
waiting. Besides my kaftaan was thick, and my large breasts were firm, even at
my age, and after two kids.

     The kids, 16 year old Rafiq, and 14 year old Saifia were spending a few
days at their grandmother's, so I was alone at home. My daughter Saifia was the
apple of my eye. But much as I loved Rafiq, my son, I had to admit I had no
control over him. I knew he was on some kind of drugs, but could do little about
it.

     We went out into the street where I saw the three wheeler standing. Ramu
ushered me towards it. There was a man sitting in the driver's seat up front. He
glanced at me as Ramu made me get in. The other man went around and got in on
the other side. Ramu got in after me, and I was sandwiched between the two heavy
set men. Three seater rickshas actually seat 3 reasonably comfortably only if
all three are wafer thin. I was the only somewhat slim person among the three of
us. My thighs were jammed against theirs on either side. I folded my hands over
my big boobs to prevent their sides rubbing against the men. Ramu looked out of
the vehicle as we rode through the quiet streets. I stole a sideways glance at
the man on the other side, the man I did not know, but had seen occasionally at
Rajesh's meat factory. I saw him staring at me with a huge smirk on his face.
Suddenly in the dark I felt him shoving his hand under my arm and grabbing my
left breast, For a moment I was stunned. In that moment he took the chance to
get my nipple and twist it fiercely. I squealed in pain and surprise. The driver
looked around and saw what was happening. He flashed a nasty grin. Ramu kept on
looking out of the vehicle as if he heard nothing. I removed one hand from over
my tits to tap him on his arm to draw his attention. The bastard on my left took
the opportunity to grab a chunk of my breast flesh in his hand and squeeze as
hard as he could. Ramu looked at him and said sternly "Boss wont like this Abid.
Cut it out. And you, Ipshita, calm down. Relax. Don't overreact."

     But not for long. A couple of minutes later, he put his hand on my thigh. I
slapped it. He only dug his thick fingers into my flesh. Again I tapped Ramu's
arm. He looked at me, annoyed. "Stop this whining, Ipshita. Complain to Rajesh
saab when you see him". I was shocked at these words, but decided to keep quiet
for now. For some reason, Abid, relaxed his hold on my thigh, but left his hand
resting on it possessively. I could feel it slowly climbing up, but I ignored
it, and he stopped short of my hip, and did not proceed to what I thought he
wanted to touch.

     Abid grinned and removed his hand. But something now told me that things
were not right. Ramu had always addressed me as "Madam". And the tone of his
voice was also not the usual respectful tone. Were they abducting me?

     I got more worried when I found the route we were taking was not heading to
Rajesh's house, but towards the outskirts of town. When I asked Ramu, he said
the boss was waiting for me at the meat factory. I was getting nervous. Then on
the way, we picked up another man who sat in front with the driver. He too gave
me a queer look.

     As we approached the meat factory, I saw the office area lights were on. I
had been there on several occasions, but never in the factory area, only in
Rajesh's office and his private room behind it. We stopped in front of the
office door. Ramu got out and beckoned me to follow. I did so with a feeling of
dread. But what could I do. I entered the office ante room and found some half a
dozen men hanging around. Ramu made me follow him into Rajesh's office. It was a
large room well appointed, reflecting the success of the business. Beyond this
there was another room, Rajesh's rest room, which sported a T.V., a comfortable
bed, and other furniture. I was relieved when I saw Rajesh, and he greeted me in
his normal fashion. He asked Ramu to leave and lock the door behind him.

     We indulged in some small talk, and he poured me a large vodka, which I
refused. He shoved it into my hand, and said, drink it, you'll need it. When I
asked him why, he said, aren't we going to make love? I smiled and sipped it. We
both finished our drinks in 10 minutes, then he grabbed me and pulled me to him.
He pulled my kaftaan over my head and threw it on the floor, then literally
ripped my panties to the floor. All this was nothing new to me, and in my
aroused state, we had a torrid quarter hour of fucking. He took me in my cunt,
then my asshole (he rarely did that), and finally he fucked my face as well. I
found him a bit rougher than usual.

     Then we lay on the bed and he smoked a cigarette. I thought it was about
time to broach my topic... marriage. "Rajesh, I have come here with the
impression that you have decided to marry me. Tell me..."

     He interrupted me. "Did Ramu tell you that?" I said no. Then suddenly I
thought about that weasel Abid's misbehavior in the taxi. And I told Rajesh
about it. Rajesh got out of the bed, put on his pyjamas and went towards the
door. "Let me speak to him" he said. I was lying naked in the bed, covered by
the blanket since the air conditioning was on. A minute later, the door opened,
and Rajesh returned. And to my surprise, Abid was behind him. I shrank beneath
the blanket, only too aware of my nakedness. Abid was staring at me. This was
the first time Rajesh had allowed anyone into the bedroom when I was there.

     Rajesh spoke to me. "Ipshita, you say that Abid here pressed your boobs in
the ricksha coming here?" I nodded my head dumbly. Rajesh turned towards his
employee. "What do you have to say for yourself?" he asked him angrily. Abid put
his palms together in a supplicatory manner. "Sir, sir, a thousand pardons, but
Madam Ipshita placed my hands on her breast. I would never do it myself. Do you
think I would have the guts?" Abid replied. He added for good measure that I had
then also placed his hand on my thigh, very close to my pussy. His language in
front of me shocked me. Now to my surprise Rajesh grinned. He said "Well, Abid,
did you like the feel of Madam's tits?" Abid didn't reply, just grinned
lasciviously, staring at me. Rajesh continued "Her garment was rather thick, you
couldn't have felt much. Could you?" Abid was now obviously enjoying himself at
my expense. I had gone from crimson to purple with mortification. He said,
"Well, I got a handful, and I even got a good bit of her nipple. But no, I did
not feel actual flesh." I was flabbergasted. And then Rajesh took me by complete
surprise. He bent down, got hold of the corner of the light blanket, and with a
flick, swept it off me, leaving me stark naked, except for the slim silver chain
which I wear around my waist, and an anklet! Rajesh laughed and said "Well,
Abid, now you can go ahead and feel her boobs, naked and full of flesh. I can
tell you, they are luscious!" I tried to move, but Rajesh caught me, lifted me
up quickly pinned me down by my arms on the sofa, and Abid wrapped his filthy
hands around my globes. I kicked and wept, but they only laughed. Abid went to
touch my pussy hair, but Rajesh stopped him saying "There's plenty of time for
that, just give her nipples a nice tight pinch for now. Hurt them as much as you
can". Abid happily obliged, and I screamed as my nipples were given the rough
treatment. Little did I know then, that compared to the pain I was about to
suffer, this was just a joyride.

     I was openly weeping as Abid let go of my injured nipples. I looked at
Rajesh reproachfully, and started to speak. He gave me a tight, stinging slap
across my face. I gasped in surprise. He spoke in a cold stern voice.

     "From now on for the rest of the evening... or night, you will speak only
when ordered to. You are going to entertain my "guests", who are award winning
members of my staff. You will treat them with respect, and let them do whatever
they want with you."

     I asked him tearfully "Why are you doing this to me? What have I done...".
I was cut off by another stinging slap to my cheek.

     He said "I just told you, not a word unless ordered to, either by me, or
one of my guests! Anyway I'll answer your question. In short, You are being
punished for daring to give me an ultimatum. But that will come later. First you
will entertain my guests."

     I was about to protest when I saw him raising his hand, so I subsided,
thinking that discretion was the better part of valour. As it is my face was
burning from the raps it had received.

     After 3 years of being first, Rajesh's girlfriend, and a year and a half of
being his lover I had told him I was getting along in age, and either he married
me or we stop seeing each other. That's the ultimatum he was talking about. But
I never expected him to react like this. I later, much later, came to realize
that it was just an excuse for doing what he was about to do to me. He had been
tiring of me anyway, but my beautiful sexy body he had other uses for. I never
in my wildest dreams realized I had fallen in love with a sadist.

     He opened the drawer in the bedside table, and removed a strap of leather
about 3/4 inch broad with a buckle at one end. I realized it was a dog-collar.
He threw it to Abid, who smirked and put it around my neck, buckling it on
snugly, but not too tight. I was trembling with fearful anticipation. Humiliated
as I already was in my nakedness in front of the horrible Abid, this was much
worse. "Please don't do this, Rajesh, for the love of..." This time, the slap
almost knocked me down. Rajesh said coldly, "Apart from these slaps to silence
you, you are earning penalty points which will add to your punishments later in
the night. If ever you think you need to speak, you will bark." I looked at him
bewildered. He laughed heartily. "Yes", he said "you are now my bitch, nothing
more, nothing less. You will woof twice and I will decide if you should be
allowed to speak. Got it?"

     Numbly, I just stare at him. He caught my nipple between his thumb and
forefinger. "When I ask you a question you will answer me immediately!" Ouch,
how that hurt! But I held my silence. Quickly I nodded my head.

     He now removed a leash from the same drawer, and attached it to a ring on
the collar at the back of my neck. "Another thing", he said, "unless I tell you
otherwise, you will, when allowed to talk, address me as My Lord. For today, the
others who are present here, you will call Master. You will precede every
sentence you are allowed to speak with either of these titles. Understood?"
Again I nodded my head. "And you will give us your full cooperation in whatever
'games' we have lined up for you tonight. You will move when we tell you to
move, bend when told to, or any thing we want you to do. You will not try and
defend any part of your body from any kind of action or punishment. If your
nipples are being pinched, for instance, you will not allow your hands to try
and pull away the hands pinching them. Understood?" This time I felt I must
voice my protest. But, fearful of another slap I made the "woof" barking sound
twice. I felt utterly stupid, humiliated, and cheap. Abid and Rajesh laughed
uproariously. Splendid, Rajesh said, you are learning fast. He gave me
permission to speak.

     "What if I refuse to cooperate. Do what you have to do to me, but I am not
going to cooperate in this humiliation!"

     Rajesh again squeezed both my nipples hard as he said in a cold,
calculating voice. "Shithead, Saifia is growing up beautifully, isn't she? She's
looking really gorgeous, I can see. I wonder if we could..." he stopped, letting
me assimilate what he said in horror struck silence. I said "You wouldn't..." He
pinched down hard on my poor nipples, making me wince. But I was too frightened
to even lift my hands in a protective gesture. He said "Yes, bitch, I would. I
think your daughter is gorgeous, and she would be a beautiful little puppy. But
I am a fair man. She has done nothing to irk me. As long as you cooperate like
how I've told you, no harm will come to her, or to your drug addict son. You
know what can happen to him, too, don't you? All I have to do is write a small
note to my friend Inamdar, the Commissioner of Police, and..." He left his
sentence unfinished, but the threat was absolutely clear. My shoulders slumped
in defeat. I couldn't let anything happen to my darling, precious Saifia, and my
son too, for all the trouble he was giving me, I loved him. Tears just flowed
down my face. Rajesh and Abid laughed cruelly.

     "Now Abid will lead you out to your "guests" or "clients" if you wish to
call them, whore. The will fuck you, call you whatever they want, taunt you, and
cause you a great deal of pain. But whatever they do, you will treat them with
utmost respect, and follow their every demand with alacrity, however much it
demeans you or even hurts you. Ramu will see to it that no permanent damage is
done to you, or any marking made on your face. Of course they will slap your
face from time to time, but slaps will not leave any long term marks. I want my
whorebitch to stay beautiful. Okay Abid, take her out.

     Abid started to lead me out, pulling me by the leash. Rajesh gestured,
stopping him. "Abid, have you ever seen a bitch walk on two legs?" Despairing, I
immediately understood what Rajesh meant. But Abid stood there open mouthed. I
dropped on my knees, and went down on all fours.

     Rajesh laughed. "See Abid, my bitch seems to have more brains than you!" To
me he said, "That's good, cunthole, if you cooperate like that you will find
things not too bad. To show you I am a fair man, for this gesture, I will roll
back a few of the penalty points you have earned. Just a few, mind you." Then he
said to Abid, "Throw this blue cape over her back. We will take it off only
after I have presented their toy to my honored employees."

     Abid complied. Just then, there was a knock on the door. Rajesh used the
remote control to open it. Ramu stood there with two women dressed very
raunchily, and who were obviously prostitutes. Ramu pushed them in, turned away
closing the door behind him. Rajesh beckoned the girls to him, and put an arm
around them, welcoming them. He told them I was his whorebitch, and I was being
given to his men for their pleasure. They laughed and looked curiously at me. I
was utterly humiliated to be stared at by whores. I little realised that I was
soon to be one myself. Rajesh told Abid to lead me out. He told the women to
wait for him, and he followed us. I must have looked a sight, crawling out,
following the man with the leash attached to my throat. He gave it a tug, just
to discomfit me. He opened the door, and we went out to encounter my shame,
rape, humiliation and torture.




Part II
Humiliated, Raped and Punished
    

     My eyes riveted to the ground, I crawled after Abid as quickly as I could,
knowing I looked ridiculous, and feeling shame and despair as I had never felt
in my life. Thus far my nakedness was covered by the blue cape, but I knew it
would not be for long. Abid kept tugging at my leash, guiding me right into the
middle of the group of men in the fron room. From the corner of my eye I could
see the footwear of several men, and they seemed to surround me completely.
Tears were pouring down my cheeks.

     There was dead silence in the room full of men. And then I heard some of
them greeting Rajesh. Their boss greeted them back, then asked for silence. When
he spoke, I was filled with terror over my predicament. But whatever it was, I
had to go through it, for my Saifia's sake. She was the apple of my eye, and I
would do anything to protect her. I had to find the strength to somehow go
through this night of humiliation and pain.

     "Friends, I had promised you a special treat for your excellent performance
in making my company such a successful one. I know I have already rewarded you
monetarily, but now I am giving you a night of entertainment, as you have never
witnessed. I am handing over to you my personal bitch to play with, enjoy, fuck,
suck, beat, and humiliate in any way you want. For the next few hours, she is
all yours. Treat her with absolutely no consideration. Rest assured she will
cooperate with you in any way you want. Please, show her no mercy. There are
just 3 rules: No broken bones, no permanent scarring of her body, and no hurting
her face, except for slapping her on her cheeks as much as you want. Any
temporary scarring must be such that the skin will be back to normal within 3 or
4 days. To ensure this, Ramu will be in charge completely. He has experience in
these matters, and will ensure my rules are observed. If anyone refuses to
follow his instructions, they will be answerable to me. But, for now, go ahead,
enjoy. I want my slut bitch's life to be made a complete misery, and her body to
be a mass of pain by the end of the night." Saying that, he whipped off the
cape, and gave me a kick in the bottom, sending me sprawling. The crowded room
was full of cheers and laughter. Laughter at my expense. They were ridiculing
me, Ipshita Khan, owner of a successful shop business, well educated. middle
class and respected in my locality.

     Abid didn't give me a chance to lie on the floor but immediately tugged at
the leash, hurting my neck. I quickly got on to my hands and knees. The men
murmured their approving comments about my body. I of course was mortified. I am
a very shy person, and the absolute antithesis of an exhibitionist. Of course I
am proud of the shape I've kept myself in, but would only display it to my
lover, not the public. And here I was, exposed before at least 15 pairs of
lascivious male eyes. I just wished the floor would swallow me up.

     "First", said Ramu, lets have some fun cleaning up the bitches shithole; we
don't want our tools and fingers getting her shit all over them, do we?" His
rhetorical question was greeted with hoots of laughter, and cheering. As for me,
I could only guess the humiliation to be soon conferred on me. I was roughly
hoisted on to a low table, about two feet off the floor, and had to resume my
position on all fours. A normal height table was placed near my head. I was
pushed up, and ordered to rest my head and shoulders on it. Then I had to put my
hands behind, and spread my ass cheeks wide. After they had all had a good long
look at my now totally exposed nether regions, and after a lot of comments had
been made, and a lot of tears from my eyes rolling down, I felt a thick nozzle
being shoved into my anus. I shrieked, but that only resulted in them laughing
heartily. I felt warm soapy water cascading into my ass hole, and into my
stomach. They didn't stop until my stomach felt it would burst. Pain engulfed my
abdomen. Ramu shouted, don't stop till I tell you. At least 4 quarts  should go
in.

     When they finally stopped, I looked like a pregnant duck. Quickly Ramu
removed the nozzle, and shoved what I was later to know was a thick butt plug up
my ass. Even if I wanted to let go, the soapy solution was trapped inside me,
churning around in my lower body. I begged to be allowed to go to the loo.
Instead Ramu told me that I could get up, and walk around to each and every
guest, kiss them on their mouths, and accept their tongues inside mine if the so
wished. I was to welcome them and tell them I was their bitch to do with as they
pleased. Only after I completed this chore would I be allowed to relieve myself.

     What choice did I have? Asshole burning, stomach churning, barely able to
waddle from one to the other, I humiliated myself over and over, till I went to
the last one, Ramu. He grinned after I tongued him well and truly, and indicated
a chamber pot with a huge bucket under it. "Well, sit on that and remove the
plug from your ass, bitch." I blanched. "In front of everybody? You want me to
relieve myself here? Please, I beg you, not here!" But there was no sympathy
forthcoming, and eventually I had to do just that. As the dirty liquid and shit
excreted from my hole, howls of laughter rent the air. To what extent my
ex-lover was going to humiliate me?

     The enema process was repeated to ensure my rectal tube was as clean as
could be, though with less water this time. Besides there was no waiting for
being relieved, but I was allowed to excrete right away, though again in full
view of the uproarious audience. Then a soft brush shaped like a bottle brush
was rammed into my anus and pushed around inside to clear up my ass hole of any
remaining shit. That it hurt like the dickens only added to their pleasure. And
finally I had to carry my own shit in the bucket to the toilet and dispose of
it, wash it, and the anal brush, all with the toilet door open.

     "Okay", said Ramu, on to further fun. Abid, you know what to do. Cunthole,"
he addressed me, "back on the floor in you usual position." I quickly got on my
hands and knees.

     Abid dragged me to a framework made of metal tubes. I noticed Rajesh
walking out into his private rooms. Ramu now took center stage. The men were
getting raucous, passing lewd comments, with some bending down to slap me on my
butt. Another bent down even further and squeezed my hanging tits. He ended
pinching my nipples. From that moment on, my boobs were not let alone by the
bastards for a moment. Every now and again someone or the other was pawing them,
squeezing them, pinching them. By the end of the "party" I would wish I had no
boobs, so horribly tortured and painful they would be.

     But to continue, this framework consisted of 1 inch hollow metal tubes.
There were actually 3 frames. All were upside down u-shaped frames, anchored to
the floor. They were all the same height off the floor, about waist high. The
smaller of the three frames had about 4 feet between its two legs. Two other
frames were also sunk in the floor, extending from next to the legs of the first
frame and parallel to each other. These were about 6 feet long. Together with
the smaller u-shaped frame, they formed another U shaped framework, if viewed
aerially.

     Ramu took off the leash from my collar, and pulled me up by my waist length
braid, making me stand upright. Then he pushed me against the smaller of the
frames, so that my belly was touching the upper bar. He then went into the
middle of the longer parallel bars, and attached cuffs to my wrists. Then he
ordered me to spread my legs, so that they were touching the legs of the bar at
its base. He told Abid to secure my ankles with nylon ropes to the legs of the
framework. I had turned purple with embarrassment at having to spread my legs,
exposing my cunt to all and sundry. The men passed mean and ugly remarks about
my private anatomy. But I was to be even more exposed. Ramu again caught me by
my almost waist length braid, and pulled my upper body down so that it was
parallel to the floor, perpendicular to my long legs, the short parallel bar
preventing me from keeling over. He made me stretch my arms full forward, then
strung nylon rope through rings in my wrist cuffs and fastened them to the bars
on either side. Leather straps also clasped my elbows to the side bars, ensuring
total immobility from me. He had pulled my body taut, so now I was spreadeagled,
and suspended by my wrists. I couldn't move anything except my head. That too
was short-lived as well. Ramu took my thick braid, and pushed it under my silver
waist chain, then pulled it up and back towards my head, and attached it back on
the upper part of my braid with a strong nylon rope. The waist chain jammed onto
my ribcage, firming it up. So my head was up and I was looking straight ahead. I
could move my head very minimally, and I was definitely going to get a pain in
the neck sooner or later, but who cared. I closed my eyes, not wanting to see
the leering faces around me. Ramu sat on his haunches, and put his face close to
mine and barked, "Shithead, you will keep your eyes open at all times,
understand?" I tearfully answered yes. I had to, I couldn't nod my head.

     The men started examining my body minutely, freely roaming their hands all
over, but especially on the "interesting" parts. They spread my ass cheeks
squeezing them as they admired my two holes, so open and inviting. They shoved
their fingers in both, wiggling them around. I know my pussy is plumper than
most, and they enjoyed pulling and pinching my outer and inner labial lips,
commenting on them, hurting both my skin as well as my feelings. They were of
course most amused when my clit betrayed me, and involuntarily became hard, and
large at the stimulation. That really sent my ears turning hot and bright
crimson. I never felt I could be so humiliated. I never thought that my body
could respond to unwanted stimulation. All I could do is weep, tears flowing
like rivulets down my cheeks. I also know my clit when aroused is unusually big,
resembling a large sized peanut, and it juts out of it hood. It is extremely
sensitive. This caused them to pass the most crude remarks, and telling me that
it only confirmed that I was nothing but a whore.

     Through the examination of my body, of course, the manhandling of my
breasts continued. But they also stroked my stomach, my flanks, back, every nook
and cranny they could reach. The pinching was continuous. I was already in
unbearable misery. I was soon to find out, that it was a luxury compared to what
was to come.

     All the while, there was one of the men taking photographs of me in my
utter humiliation. From every possible angle, he took picture after picture,
including my face. He even asked me to smile, the bastard. He complained to Ramu
that the tears would not go with a smile. So Ramu wiped my tears, and whispered
in my ears "Smile, Ipshita bitch. Remember Saifia and smile." So I smiled a
false smile for the camera, a woman with no choice but to be used by them as
they wished.

     Ramu let them enjoy their examination for several minutes, then I heard a
voice on the public address system saying "Stop fooling around guys, she's all
yours, attack! Fuck her holes like they've never been fucked before!" It was the
voice of my ex-lover.

     They didn't need any further cajoling. They came at me like a pack of
wolves. One bastard took his place at my buttocks, and without further ado,
rammed his swollen cock into my cunt, which was wet with the stimulation of
their fingers. I screamed as his huge tool split my pussy open. At the same
time, another idiot came in front of me, his penis dangling like a hose in front
of my face. Ordering me to open my fuck face (his exact words), he thrust his
burgeoning thing at my lips, which I hadn't opened. "If your teeth so much as
touch my cock, you'll be sorry!" he shouted. Quickly I opened my mouth as wide
as I could, afraid of the consequences. Others cheered and egged their
colleagues on, unmindful of the pain and discomfort I was in. Not that those not
using my holes left me alone. They were all over me, especially my poor tits,
which were pinched, squeezed, punched and slapped every single moment I was tied
to that framework of my despair. I was gagging, afraid that I would pass out
with the lack of air, but the man carried on fucking my face till he shot a load
of his come right down my throat. As he withdrew, Abid bent down to instruct me
that not a drop should fall out of my fucked up mouth. Again his words exactly.
I had hardly managed to swallow the bastard's foul stinky cum, when the next man
was ready and shoving another tool into my mouth. The exchange of men at my
other end also took place. I didn't know whether one was coming or going. Soon
my mouth, pussy and breasts were sore as hell, not to say the other parts of my
poor body were any better. My limbs were straining to break free, and I could
feel them getting numb. Even as they changed places in my cunt, they slapped my
backside. And all the while they made fun of me, called me humiliating names,
most of which were synonyms for whore, or that feminine part of my body which
was giving them so much pleasure, and me, so much pain. I lost track of time as
I became one mass of pain and humiliation. But in spite of all the pain, I have
to most ashamedly admit, I had more than a couple of orgasms. Fortunately in
their raucous excitement, they failed to notice it. They were drinking too, all
the time, and Ramu had to keep tabs to ensure that Rajesh's instructions were
followed, and that I was not subjected to abuse that would leave me permanently
damaged. Then, after what seemed like hours, but in fact was only one, I heard
the public address system going again. "Fuck her ass, guys, she hates being ass
fucked. Give it a good banging." It was true, though I had submitted to him on
occasion, I tried to avoid my rectum being violated. But now, one after another,
the bastards took his instructions to heart, and within minutes I was screaming
as my bum hole was raped by several men who literally tore into my narrow rectal
passage. It was burning like someone had set a match to it. I lost count of how
many tools stuck themselves into me. The mouth fucking and breast assault
continued unabated. What surprised me in the back of my consciousness was that
even though I figured all of them had raped me at least once, they still came
back rarin' to go, and with as big hard ons as before! Only later I came to know
that their boss had supplied all of them with a dose of Viagra to ensure I
suffered for as long as possible!

     I was sure my ass must be bleeding, but worse was to follow. Again it was
the p.a. system " Hey guys, get innovative. Why not service both the bitches
holes at the same time. Surely you can find a way!" I was barely conscious. But
the moment he made the announcement , I got wide awake. God, please, why was he
doing this to me. Never in my wildest dreams had I though such a thing would be
done to me. Was this a dream. It wasn't!

     Though I could not see what was being done at the time, a low, long bench
was placed under my spread legs, placed in line with the length of my body. At
the same time another low bench was placed below my big boobs, perpendicular to
the first bench. This bench protruded on both sides of my body. A man, I don't
know who, lay on the first bench, with his cock thrusting into my sore cunt.
Another straddled him, pressing against my ass, and socking his burgeoning
member into my poor asshole!. As both my holes were filled, the pain engulfing
me was numbing. Naturally, another took his place at my face, slapping my face
till I opened my mouth to accept his tool. As if this wasn't enough, two more
lay on the second bench, with their faces directly in line with my breasts. They
started sucking on my nipples. Or should I say chewing, or even maybe grinding
them with their teeth. My humiliation was as great as the pain I was suffering,
but at that moment, all I could think of was the pain! Even while biting on my
poor tortured nipples, they (or maybe some others) played with my fleshy tits,
pinching, slapping and scratching at them. The rest put their hands wherever
they could on my body, and egged the bastards who had possession of my holes on.
They cheered, whistled and called me all sorts of names. Slut, fuckpig,
shithead, whore... endless degrading and humiliating names. All the while, my
trussed up body limbs were getting sorer and sorer by the minute. With all the
activity, they were pressing down on my body, putting more pressure on my hands
and legs. And all the while, the voice of my ex-lover on the p.a. could be
heard.

     They kept on exchanging places, and testing every hole, every part of my
harried body. One saving grace was that Ramu warned them to wash their tools
after fucking my ass so that no shit went into my mouth; even though I had been
given an enema, why risk it? Not out of concern for me, but because others would
also be putting their cocks in my mouth, and also maybe want to French kiss me.

     Another agonizing hour passed, and I thought I would not last another five
minutes, when Ramu called a halt. They got into a huddle, and a lot of
whispering went on for a few minutes, giving me some breathing space. My mouth
was sticky with semen, and as much as I tried to swallow whatever cum was in my
mouth, some lingered, giving me a sick feeling. But even as I savoured a moments
peace, with my orifices empty for the first time in over two hours, I never
realized how much worse things were to get. My body, already aching with the
enforced bondage, and totally uncomfortable posture, was crying out for release.
I was begging them to release me, forgetting that I had to ask permission by
barking first. Ramu came and gave my cheek a tight smack, reprimanding me and
telling me that I was only adding to my penalties. "Besides, I have some news
for you." He grinned. "I don't think you'll like it.' The others started
gathering around me. They were sounding very excited, and some smacked my butt,
others played with my tits. Ramu asked them to back off. They did, calling me
all sorts of names, and grinning widely as the all made a semi circle around my
head, so I could see all 15 of them. Ramu silenced them and looked at me.

     "We have taken a vote, and every one of us has said that your performance
has been unsatisfactory. You have not tried to please us enough. We have
reported this to the boss, and he will shortly announce how we are to be
compensated for your ineptitude. In other words" he said with a dirty grin on
his face, "How we are to punish you." Even if I was not completely immobilized,
I would not have been able to move an inch. I was paralysed. What performance
did they expect from me? I couldn't move a single part of my body. I was utterly
helpless to even twitch my muscles. Perhaps they wanted me to move my vaginal
muscles? Fearfully I looked for even one sympathetic face among my tormentors.
There were none. The p.a. crackled. In a chortling tone, Rajesh announced.

     "I am glad you'll are doing a fine job on this whore. As for you, you
fucked up cunt of creation, here is your punishment! Each of the men here will
give you 10 strokes with a cane on your divine behind, and the back of your
thighs. You will remain in your current position till the punishment is
completed, and a further 15 minutes so that your posterior can be viewed and
appreciated. It is bound to be a pretty colourful sight after the caning. Ramu,
come and collect the canes!"

     I was absolutely flabbergasted! I could not even begin to believe that I
would last 150 strokes on my bum. Knowing how cruel these men had already
treated me, I could imagine with what gusto and strength they would attack my
backside. I started wailing, which only made them laugh, and torment my body
with their pinches and slaps.

     Ramu returned shortly, and exhibited the canes, for the benefit of my
tormentors, and obviously for me. I looked fearfully at the instruments that
were going to be flailing my tender bum very soon. He had two canes of exactly
the same dimensions. They were 3 feet long, slim, less than half an inch at the
tip, and an inch just above the hand grip. He demonstrated the suppleness and
strength of the cane by swinging them through the air. The swish was absolutely
terrifying to hear. I was even more terrified when he repeated the demo stroke
but brought it down on the cloth backing of a nearby chair. The whap made me
shudder. But the crowd around me cheered lustily. Ramu called two of the men
out, one of who was a left-hander. He gave both a cane each. He told the
lefthander to stand to my right, and vice versa. They had made arrangements so
that even the strokes should be evenly strong on both my soon-to-be-on-fire bum
cheeks. Even before they started, I was wailing. And when the first blow came
down, I was shocked into silence! The stunning pain took my breath away. Before
I knew it the second man had brought his cane down viciously. While one man
followed the other almost immediately, they took their time between their
individual strokes, allowing me to feel the full strength of each stroke,
letting the pain sink in before embarking on the next one. I heard faintly the
p.a. crackle. With a chuckle in his voice Rajesh was telling them to lift their
canes as high as they could, and to use all the force they could muster. "She
isn't a china doll, you know. She's strong, she can take it!" Which was true. I
am a strong woman, having worked out regularly, my body was in excellent shape.

     Only too willingly they complied. I was barely able to breathe as the blows
rained down on my poor butt. I could imagine what my butt was turning out to
look like.

     When the sixth pair were hitting me, I passed out. Apparently they pressed
smelling salts to my nose, and I came to. Ramu bent down in front of me. He told
me with a grin that since I had fainted, the first 6 strokes the pair had given
me were not counted, and they would have to start again from their first. I
pleaded that I would not faint again, but, they just ignored me, and in fact I
got a slap from Ramu for talking without barking for permission. So I had now to
make sure I did not faint again. I did so with the greatest difficulty, till
finally I had endured every man's turn. My butt to the back of my knees were in
hell, so hot and burning they were. Just when I thought it was over my ex-lover
came out. "I bet my sweet bitch, you forgot about me! And since you are my
slave, I get to use a longer, stronger cane! Like it?" he said, showing me a
meaner almost 5 foot long cane. I fainted just looking at it. I was brought back
to consciousness. "Your lucky I had not started my strokes, or I would have to
repeat them."

     How I stood those final cruel 10 strokes, I really don't know. He lifted
the cane to its full height, and swung down with all his might. My bum seemed to
burst with every blow. With every ounce of my strength I kept myself conscious.
And, believe me, dear reader, at the end of the ten strokes, I was literally
proud of myself, that I had endured this pain, and kept myself from going under.
I had endured 160... no 172 evil strokes! Every one delivered with all the
ferocity that they could muster. Some had even bit into my asshole, causing
insufferable pain. These were the ones which had brought me to a faint, and also
the ones which I had to overcome to keep from fainting again. Fortunately, my
ex-lover, in his effort to add velocity to his strokes, never hit my anus. I
doubt I would be able to hold on to my consciousness if he had.

     But now at the end of it, my head was spinning. The pain was something I
could not even begin to describe, dear reader. Still, at least at that stage, I
didn't know that things would be getting worse before this wicked, wicked
"party" ended for me.

     They kept me strapped on to the frame for another 20 minutes or so, while
they examined my butt, played with it, slapped it, causing me to jump out of my
skin, if that was possible. They took the opportunity to keep on "playing" with
my boobies; my tits were their favourite as far as fondling me was concerned.
The benches under my tits were brought back so the could suckle on my sore
nipples. My ass hole, butt and back of my thighs were as much in pain as my
tits, if not more so.

     "I think the bitch will require a little exercise to loosen up her limbs.
After so long in that position, she must be very stiff. See to it, Ramu". Saying
this, Rajesh went back to his private room.

     So finally, after nearly three hours in that horrid and humiliating
position, I was released. I was so stiff, they had to help me straighten up. I
ached in every pore of my limbs. I couldn't move. Even when they forced me to my
doggie position, I was unable to move. So two of them grabbed me by my sore
tits, and another two by my aching thighs, and carried me to another framework,
in which I was positioned between two metal poles 4 feet apart, with a cross
pole at the top, about 8 feet from the floor. There were several such frameworks
around, which I believe under normal circumstances are used to hold the animals
while they were attended to by the workers. I myself felt like an animal,
nothing more, nothing less. The lifted my hands to shoulder height, and cuffed
them to rivets on the poles. Nothing else was secured. I was thanking heavens
for small mercies, but there had to be a reason to this sudden lack of bondage.
I was soon to come to know.

    

     Ramu looked at me, and sharply ordered "Jump!" In a daze, I just stared at
him. "Slut! Whore! Rancid Cunt! Didn't you hear me? I said jump!" I still failed
to comprehend. Ramu swung his hand viciously across my face. "Didn't you hear
me, jump, or we whip you again! Jump for your life." Slowly it dawned on me.
They wanted me to put life back into my numb limbs by jumping up and down.
Another stinging slap, and I jumped! The way my wrists were cuffed to the bars
allowed me to grip them with my hands. I jumped again and again as if I was in a
skipping competition. The action made me look like an idiot, causing the
surrounding men to laugh derisively. I was beginning to tire after about ten
minutes of the exercise, but they wouldn't let me stop. My limbs were not only
alive, but along with my boobs were heating up. My tits were hurting with the
bouncing they were getting. Plus every now and again someone would slap them
around for good measure. Suddenly the command to jump stopped, and the ordered
me to stop. Ramu had gone somewhere and had now returned with two carpenters
vices in his hand. They were heavy steel instruments, and were identical in
shape and size. He approached me with a broad smile. "We are going to refine
this game a bit", he said.

     Another man came running with something tiny in his hands. He handed them
over to Ramu. They were a few tiny, just about an eighth of an inch, pieces of
shattered animal bone, a by-product of the factory. Ramu thanked him.

     He played with my nipples a bit, bringing them to erection. My erect
nipples can get enormous, and they let me down now, rising to a majestic 3/4
inch in length and almost half inch in breadth. Don't be surprised, they have
been known to get even larger. As for my aureoles, they are dark, almost black,
and cover a radius of about 2 inches all around my nipples. Ramu handed over the
other vice to Abid, who obviously knew what to do. They applied the vices to
each of my nipples simultaneously.

     The clamps of the vices were circular, flat and about 3 inches in diameter.
They placed them around my nipples and started to tighten the screws of the
clamps. Just before they enclosed over my erect nips, they inserted some of the
bone shards between the clamps and my tender flesh. The fiends. As the clamps
tightened, the bone shards bit into the sides of my nips, causing me to shriek.
How much they enjoyed my pain! They imitated my cries, hooted with laughter, and
egged Ramu and Abid to keep on tightening the clamps. Which the bastards did
till the clamps were almost touching each other. This pain was a new kind. Both
dull, and sharp. The clamps covered my entire nipples, as well as much of my
aureole area. It was a blinding pain, and I could not even cry out. I slumped
against my wrist bindings. They asked some other men if they could tighten the
clamps any more. They all lent a hand, and the screws moved infinitesimally, but
that infinitesimal movement caused me a disproportionate additional pain. I
fainted.

     They brought me back to consciousness. And now Ramu again shouted "Slut,
jump!. Jump you whore!" I had become a zombie when it came to their commands. I
was just following their instructions despite the obvious torture I was going to
inflict on myself by carrying them out. I jumped. And jumped again. Pain,
horrendous nipple torture! Jump. Aaaaaaarrrh! Ha hah ha ha ha ha, jump cunt of
creation! Jump shithead. God help me. What have I done to deserve this?

     I must have fainted a couple of times. They brought me back, and
mercilessly made me jump again. In between I vaguely recall my ex-lover coming
out, and telling them that they were treating me too softly. He had some weights
tied to the clamps, and I was forced to jump again. My nipples felt like they
were not there at all, only a burning mass of numb flesh. My firm boobs were
being dragged down most painfully, the vices resting near my navel, and the
weights near my thick, neatly trimmed, bush. I was exhausted, sweat pouring out
of every pore of my body, into my eyes mixing with the salt of my tears. Sweat
and tears dribbled into my mouth, and mixed with the sticky cum which would not
go away from my tongue and my mouth. I feebly jumped perhaps 3 or 4 inches at
the next order.

     Then suddenly the orders to jump stopped. The clamps were examined and
pulled about by Rajesh, causing me even greater torment. But the worse torture
came when they released the vices from my tits, and the blood rushed back to the
starved cells. I looked down at my nipples. They were absolutely flat, and
black. They undid my wrist cuffs, and made me to lie down on a narrow bench, but
placed my legs on either side, my feet resting on the floor. So my ass hole and
pussy were completely open to their gaze, and for them to touch and feel if they
so wanted. But it appeared that they were giving me a break, since no one came
very close, except Rajesh. My nipples which had stretched to and inch and a
half, slowly began to retract painfully. Rajesh massaged them, flicked them,
played with them, till, horror of horrors, they began filling up, hardening, and
aroused. "Slut" he said, "You really are a fucking slut, bitch!" I whimpered.

     Rajesh spoke to me in a loud, bantering tone, but I detected an undertone
of steely command. For a change he addressed me by my name, which surprised me.
"Well, Ipshita, my little whore, I think you have earned a little rest. You will
get that, about 15 minutes of it, before we resume playing with you. But before
that I have to tell you something about how we are going to conduct our new
relationship. I have also to inform the others around their limitations as to
how they can treat you. So listen carefully, all of you." He ordered me to place
my hands with fingers entwined, behind my head, and rest my head on them. He
made me adjust my legs wider apart, by tapping the cane he was holding on the
insides of my thigh. In spite of having spent the last few hours stark naked in
front of these assholes, it did not prevent me from blushing with embarrassment.
Rajesh noticed this and laughed, passing the tip of his cane through my entire
slit, over my stomach, between my breasts, stopping only when it reached my
mouth. He then addressed the guests.

     "Gather around me. This creature you see here, belongs to me. She is my
slave, my property. Isn't it, Ipshita?" Miserably, helplessly I nodded my head.
The men were absolutely silent. Rajesh dug the tip of the cane into my right
breast, right on my tortured nipple. "This", he said, "And this", he dug it into
my left nipple and breast, causing me to wince, "is mine". Then he placed the
cane on my head, and tapped my cheeks gently with it. "These are mine", he
repeated. He carried on all over my body repeating the same words. Finally he
came to my pussy. He addressed me "Take your hands out from behind you, bitch,
and spread your cunt lips as wide as you can" he ordered me. "Spread them till
it hurts!". Degraded to the core, I did as he said. He was not satisfied with my
action, and barked out "If you know what's good for you, you will stretch out
your pussy lips till you cant bear it!" I did the best I could. He grunted in
grudging acceptance.

     He continued. "Now this is my absolute property, in the sense that no one
else can use any instrument to punish it except me, or with my specific oral
approval when I am present. Or my written approval in my absence. As my guests,
you can fuck all her holes as much as you want to. That includes her cunt hole,
and asshole. You can play with it as roughly as you want with your bare hands,
causing as much pain and discomfort as you can. But you are not allowed to whip
it with any instrument like a cane, or strap, or whip, or for that matter any
other kind of instrument of torture. That is my personal prerogative. I may, on
occasion give you'll the pleasure of punishing this wonderfully delicate and
sensitive part of my slave, like today. Being in a generous frame of mind, I
will let each of you have 1 stroke on this cunt, and I myself will give it 5
strokes. This will be with a strap, not this cane. That we will leave for some
future date, because today I am feeling a bit merciful, too. Besides, we will
also have to cane her boobies, four for each of you, and ten for me! Ipshita, my
cunt, will that satisfy you?"

     I was trembling. He was looking to kill me! How could I bear this? He
pushed the cane in between my cunt lips, rubbing it on my clit. The stupid thing
began its rise. "See, the fucked up whore is excited! You really are a whore,
Ipshita, don't think I did not see you have several orgasms during the time you
were being serviced by these good men." I closed my eyes in mortification, but
was ordered to open them. "Okay, shithead, you have 15 minutes to rest, 15
minutes to think about the next round of fun. You may go to my room and rest on
the sofa."

     I painfully got off the bench, and slowly got on to my knees and palms,
ready to crawl. But Rajesh gave me a light rap on my butt with the cane, causing
me to cry out, and told me I could walk. It was my rest time, so I need not act
like the bitch I actually was. Gratefully I stood up, barely, and made my
painful way to his room. I had to walk through the crowd of males to get there,
and listen to their rude comments, though no one touched me. I finally reached
the haven of the private room and collapsed onto the sofa. As my butt hit the
soft leather, it felt like barbed wire was being rubbed on it. But I was so
exhausted, I ignored the pain. Fifteen minutes? I needed at least a day to
recover. And after the 15 minutes were up, what I had in store was even worse
than what I had so far endured! I started weeping at the realization that my
ordeal was going to worsen soon! I then noticed that the room was not empty. Two
women, one wearing only a thong panty, and one wearing only a brief, see through
bra, were sitting next to each other on the bed. They wore gaudy makeup, and
were obviously whores. Then I recalled the two girls who had come in just before
Abid had led me out to my ordeal.

     They got up and came towards me. They were looking at me with pity in their
eyes. As they approached, they looked quite incongruous, one topless, one
bottomless. But from their demeanor and good looks, they were high class
prostitutes.

     They spoke to each other in a quiet tone. "Wow, she must be really
hurting!" said topless. Bottomless replied, "Its been some time now since I have
been treated like this. I've had it worse, though."

     I opened my eyes. Looked at them. I just wanted to rest. They asked me if I
would like a glass of water, or perhaps a soft drink. What I needed was a good
shot of rum, my favourite drink! Quickly topless went to the desk, and brought
me a stiff one. I gulped it down. It burned my throat, but I finished it
quickly, and asked for another small shot. This they gave me, and I felt at
least somewhat better. If I got drunk, what the heck. The way they were
tormenting me, at least I would not feel some of it. Gratefully, I thanked them.
At least some kind people were around. I told them I hope they wouldn't get into
trouble for helping me. They just laughed. Bottomless said "If we were to be
beaten and humiliated, we would be told about it. The madam gets paid much more
and tells us what to expect, and how far the customer could go. As long as she
gets paid the right amount, the sky is the limit. Once I was incapacitated for a
couple of weeks, but Madame did not mind because the amount she was paid made up
for almost two months earnings I would make with the usual service. Not that I
got much out of it. Which house are you from?"

     Well they obviously thought I was a prostitute from another brothel! Well,
I guess I couldn't blame them.

     Not wanting to answer the question, I asked "Have you been whipped on
your... in between your legs?" She laughed. "Naturally, and on my breasts as
well." I said, "They are going to beat me there later on. Does it hurt more than
the butt?"

     She looked at me with real honest to goodness pity in her eyes. "Jeez, my
girl. Is this your first time? Well, let me tell you, the butt caning you have
received is like a picnic compared to a breast caning. And the difference
between a pussy swatting and butt whipping is like the difference between heaven
and hell! Honey, you need another drink. But do tell me who is your madam, who
has allowed such a horrendous treatment to be meted out to you? Usually, it is
one or the other which is administered. Who is this bloody witch?"

     I was again at a loss to reply, when Abid came in to tell me I had just 5
minutes more of rest time, and then it would be back for some fun. He ogled the
two girls, then told them to stay away from me. They hurriedly went back to the
bed, and I tried to relax for the few spare minutes I had. At least the rum made
me feel slightly human again. Incredibly I fell asleep, and only awoke when Ramu
was shaking my shoulder. "Wake up, sleeping beauty, time's out!" I muttered
unintelligibly, rubbed my eyes, and looked at the wall clock. Surprisingly, they
had actually allowed me to sleep an additional 15 minutes. I looked around. The
whores were nowhere in sight. Ramu ordered me to have a quick shower in the
bathroom where he accompanied me. He grinned, saying they wanted a fresh looking
bitch to play with. I was grateful for this small mercy, though every pore of my
skin burned when the water hit my body. He gave me just a couple of minutes in
the shower. When I had finished, he told me to take my bitch position again.
Reluctantly, my whole body aching, I got down on my knees, then my hands. He
picked up my leash and pulled at it, leading me out again to a huge cheer from
the assembled guests. Rajesh was in the center, each of his arms around the two
prostitutes, both attired now in extremely short skirts, and equally brief
halter tops. He said "I thought it would be nice for a couple of your own gender
to witness and participate in our games. Don't you think that's going to be fun,
cunthole?" He didn't wait for a reply, but told Ramu to take me up to the
framework with the tall poles.




Part III
Humiliated, Raped and Punished some more.
    

     Rajesh again addressed me. "Let me tell you, that Rima and Renu will also
be eligible for as many strokes as the rest of my guests. I believe in gender
equality...heh heh! But because they are not as strong as the men, they will get
double the quota as that of the others. That is, 2 for each of them on your
juicy pussy, and 8 on your bountiful breasts. And by the way, if you manage to
pass out during this exercise, the strokes of the person who is punishing you at
the time will start again from stroke number one. Understood? So I suggest you
try to stay conscious, don't you think?"

     Miserably I nodded my head. Though I could see that the women were looking
at me with pity, it somehow made it worse that females were going to witness,
and participate in my humiliation and pain. My humiliation just seemed to get
worse and worse. Forget my torture. I calculated swiftly. I was to receive 24
strokes on my ravaged cunt, and 86 on my sore tits! How could I get by without
fainting? I was literally praying to God to save me now. I, who hadn't prayed
since my loving husband had been killed in an accident!

     They made me lie on the ground, and attached nylon ropes over the cuffs of
my ankles and wrists. They then strung me up on the poles legs up, and head
down. Soon I was spread eagled on the poles upside down, with my legs spread
cruelly wide, my inside thigh muscles stretched to the maximum extent. My wrist
ropes were attached to the bottom of the pole, with just a little freedom of
movement. But my legs were taut. My cunt was wide open, just about head high,
while my breast dangled around waist height. Another pole was taken, and pressed
between my back and the upright poles, parallel to the ground. This made my tits
stick out, ready to be whipped, and also effectively now tautened my wrist
binding. I was trussed up without chance of any movement! The lewd comments were
non stop. Someone came and smelled my pussy. Oh lord, what a smelly cunt the
bitch has, he shouted. Everyone laughed. Rajesh said "That didn't stop you from
eating it, did it?" This time at least, the laughter was not directed at me.
Then they started.

     I don't know how I went through the next half hour. As the first stroke hit
my wide open cunt, my brain seemed to burst. The the pain enveloped me from hip
to head!. Unbelievable, gut wrenching pain. I would have screamed, but my voice
was caught in my breath which seemed to have deserted me. The next two strokes
on my tender, sore, maltreated breasts had already been delivered, before my
voice came out. Not in a scream, but in a whimper. It was only after several
rounds of strokes on both, my genitals, and my mammary glands had been
delivered, that I really found full vent to my tortured throat. I screamed, and
they cheered.

     They were whacking my pussy once for every three or 4 on my tits. I lost
count. And they were using every ounce of strength they could muster. Rajesh was
apparently saving his turn for last. But he used up his quota on my tits in one
vicious go. It hurt more than any one else's whacks. The man I loved, was
putting me through this inhuman indignity, pain and torture! Possibly because of
hanging upside down, I only passed out once. Unfortunately it was when Rajesh
was delivering his 3rd blow on my pussy. So when I was brought back to
consciousness, I had to suffer his 3 pussy strokes again. Mercifully I managed
to get by. He then judged that the girls had not hit me hard enough; so he told
Abid to do it afresh for them. So I ended up with much more than I had been
originally supposed to receive. Later Rima and Renu told me that I had undergone
at least 15 or 20 strokes more than I was supposed to receive. Some of the men
had requested Rajesh to let them have a second go at my gory looking pussy, and
he had generously consented! When they finally stopped, my face was completely
doused with my tears, sweat, saliva, and some blood. From where I don't know,
but apparently I had cut my lips in spite of the gag they had placed in my
mouth. In a blur of pain I heard Rajesh reprimanding Ramu for allowing that to
happen.

     They kept me strung up for a further quarter hour, while they milled
around, examining my swollen, bloody looking cunt area, and the ugly many
coloured welts all over my body, but most prominently on my boobs. They squeezed
my body wherever they thought it would hurt me most, and guffawed at my
hysterical pleas for mercy, spoken in a now gutteral voice, which I couldn't
recognize as my own. Finally, at a signal from Rajesh, Ramu cut me down. I
collapsed on the floor. I was nothing but a large piece of meat, writhing in
pain, misery and humiliation. I wondered if my ordeal would ever come to an end.

     But I wasn't allowed to wallow in my misery for long. This time Abid, who
seemed to have made it his duty to wield my dog-leash, picked it up and ordered
me to take my doggie position. As quickly as I could, I painfully got on my
knees and palms. Someone slapped my butt for no rhyme or reason. Could I
protest? Abid then led me to where Rajesh was standing. He looked at me with a
sweet smile. "Enjoying yourself, my....wife?" He said sarcastically. He gestured
for Abid to move away. When we were alone, he said. " My very own slut-slave,
that's what you are now. Two things remain to be done, and then Ipshita, you are
through. For tonight, that is. First, you will crawl up to each and every guest
of mine over here, kiss his feet, then kiss his dick, whether exposed or in his
trousers, its up to them, beg him to forgive you for taking up so much of his
time, wasting his time in chastising you, and welcome him to do the same thing
all over again whenever he pleases. Got it? Repeat all the points to me now."
Hesitantly I repeated whatever he had told me. Instead of they apologizing to me
for torturing me, here I was apologizing to them! Naked as the day I was born,
on my hands and knees, kissing their feet and their filthy pricks! Of course, I
had little choice. He made me repeat the litany 4 times, before he was
satisfied. Then he said. "After that you will come to my room, where I will
first show you some interesting photographs of today's party, and thereafter
tell you what our future plans together are. Wont that be exciting? When I
didn't reply, he gave me a tight rap. I nodded miserably.

     And so started another protracted period of further utter indignities and
degradation, such degradation as I had not been subjected to as yet. In making
my apologizing round of the honoured "guests", there wasn't much pain inflicted
on me, apart from what was already racking my body from the abuse it had
suffered during the long night, and a few hard slaps when they though I was not
obeying instructions precisely. But the abject humiliation of having to
apologise and invite them to future episodes of my rape and torture! And then...
but let me tell it properly.

     I crawled up to the 1st man. I kissed his feet, then as instructed, I got
on my knees, and kissed his tool which was bulging in his trousers. Then I
repeated the words I had been ordered to say. I waited for his forgiveness.
Which came, along with a slap on my tits. The second man slapped me across the
face. My cheeks were in as much pain as my breasts, butt and pussy. The third
man pulled out his burgeoning tool from his trousers baring it for me to kiss.
When I kissed the naked tool, he slapped me and said "Fucking whore, don't you
know it wants the nice wet warm shithole that your mouth is?" I quickly took the
member in my tired raw mouth. I started sucking, and the man started thrusting
his tool in and out. My mouth was sick with semen stuck between my teeth, under
my tongue, on the sides too. I had not been able to rinse well because of the
soreness. Now, luckily Ramu stopped me, and pulled the man away. He told him the
time for that was over. Ramu then told me, the next man who wants you to take
his tool in your mouth, just take it for a few moments only.

     The fourth guy wasn't very demanding, just asking me to wrap my mouth round
his tool. He didn't even slap my face or tits. Then came my most degrading
moment of the night. The fifth man, or depraved bastard should I call him, first
asked me to suck his cock, then stepped back and told me to hold my face
absolutely still. Then he pissed over my face! A stream of nauseous yellow urine
hit me in my face, my eyes, and rolled down my chin onto my tits! Naturally I
moved my face away to avoid the stream of foul liquid. He stopped pissing and
Ramu came over, and whacked me on my butt, causing me to squeal like a stuck pig
. "Bitch, if you try to avoid anything inflicted on you, you will be whipped
again on your cunt! Now stay still, and don't try to dodge anything." What
further indignity was I going to suffer?! The acidic urine made my wounds smart
as it washed over them. Mixed with the urine were my tears. But even worse was
to come. The next man repeated the humiliation. But the 7th fucking prick
ordered me to keep my mouth open. As much as I begged, he was adamant, and all
the men cheered him on. Ramu shouted at me not to waste time and do as I was
ordered. I opened my mouth wider and wider as the men shouted for me to do so.
The stream of yellow splashed on my lips, and much of it went inside my mouth.
Though he didn't aim all at my mouth, a great deal went in. How I did not retch,
I'll never know. Nausea hit my stomach, both with the sick taste of the piss,
and with the utter degradation I was being subjected to. After that every man
insisted in my mouth being kept open. And I was ordered that whatever went into
my mouth had to be swallowed! Well, that was happening in any case, since if I
didn't swallow, I would gag! Luckily their aim was not all that good, and most
of the foul liquid went on my face and splashed down on my body. Otherwise I
would surely have to bring up. My stomach was as it is feeling puffed up
enormously with the amount of piss I had to swallow.

     But finally, all the men had finished with me. Rajesh spoke over the p.a.
system, telling Ramu to hose me out before taking me into his room. They prodded
me over to a room where the animals were washed after being slaughtered. It
smelled of meat, but the smell of my urine coated body must have been infinitely
worse. It was a very pleasant experience to be washed down, inspite of the
conditions, and despite the burning sensation all over my body owing to the
bruising all over. The water was cool, and they trained it all over, including
my hair, which they allowed me to let loose. I could see both Ramu's and Abid's
admiring glances at my hair, which is jet black, amazingly thick, and falling
down to way below my bum. They threw a bar of carbolic soap to me, and, harsh as
it was, I used it, so badly did I need to clean myself. I was burning all over
when they handed me a towel, and surprise, surprise, a bottle of perfume. "Your
master should not be assailed with the stink emanating from your whorish body."
I was told.

     Finally they led me out, and back through the jeering men with their
loutish comments, and a couple took a chance to slap my butt. But Ramu would
have none of it. He told them everything was over and they could finish their
drinks and go home. I walked,or rather limped into Rajesh's den. He was alone,
sipping a drink, and smoking a cigarette. I glanced at the clock on the wall. It
was 5 in the morning. God, I had been in this ordeal for over 7 hours! I hoped
and prayed it was over. Not quite. My ex-lover had a small lecture for me. Let
me give you the gist of what he said.

     I was to realize, that I was his slave. I would have to obey every command
of his, whatever it may be, without question, without delay, and without
thinking if it was or was not good for me, or if it was going to cause me pain.
My pain was going to be a source of his and his selected friends' pleasure.
Probably the main source. I was to make myself available to him whenever he
desired. He was, he claimed, a reasonable man, and knew I had a family, so he
was allowing me to live in my own home, at least for the time being. But I would
be under strict surveillance. Any move to try and escape would be disastrous for
me, and my family. He said he didn't want to hurt Saifia, she was so sweet and
young and growing up to be such a beauty. Besides, he handed me a bundle of
photographs, and glancing at the first I saw that they had just been clicked
during this ordeal I was still going through. It was a picture of me, my face
showing clearly, and naked as the day as I was born, my breasts fully exposed,
and my fat mound of venus with its thick bush clearly visible. Another was a
beaver shot of my cunt, with my own fingers pulling my pussy lips wide open. He
told me to take them home and go through them carefully. If I showed any signs
of resistance, these photographs would find their way all over town. I was being
blackmailed. When I showed signs of not wanting to take them, he said sternly
that when he told me do anything, it was not a request, but a command, and the
sooner I learned this, the better it was for me. Furthermore, I was to
understand, that I had to always give him and his friends full and complete
access to any part of my body, whether it was at a party like this, or a smaller
fucking session at my house or elsewhere. He repeated, FULL, ABSOLUTE ACCESS TO
EVERY SQUARE MILLIMETER OF MY BODY which actually belonged to him. I weakly
nodded my acceptance of my situation. I would be required to attend his weekend
parties, where like today, I would be the centre of attraction. But, being a
reasonable man (he used this phrase repeatedly) he would allow me 1 weekend a
month off, to enjoy myself with my family. He would choose which weekend I would
have off. But this was not a right, just a concession on his part, and could be
withdrawn at his whim. Besides these weekend binges, I could be called upon at
any time to service either him, or any of his nominees. He would devise a way in
which I would know what kind of service I was to provide to his nominees. Some
would be allowed only a fuck, others would be allowed to "play" with me. This
was an euphemism for torture, I supposed. I was weeping, tears swelling in my
eyes, and rolling down my cheeks. He asked me why I was crying? I had wanted to
be his wife, he was offering me an even closer relationship, a more exciting
one! He repeated that the whipping of my cunt was his, and his prerogative only,
and only written and signed notes from him would allow any one else to indulge
in this form of "play". He told me, this being my first episode, he was allowing
me to go home to sleep on it, and mull it over. But he would be coming over to
my house the next evening, either alone, or with some friends, and I should be
prepared with a nice hot meal. However, usually the weekends would extend from
Saturday evenings to Sunday nights, with some rest here and there. He was, after
all, a reasonable man! Usually, playing with my body would only be allowed on
weekends, unless some special reason required otherwise. How I managed to
entertain his guests at my home with my children around, was something he would
discuss with me when he came over for dinner. He asked me if I understood all
this. I nodded brokenly.

     Well, he said, Ramu and Abid will now take you home in the riksha. I have
told them they can have fun with you on the way home, as long as they don't whip
or cane you, and take you straight home without any deviation, or stops bar one.
Oh, there is a little toy which I am going to give you to remember me by while I
am not by your side.

     He gestured to Ramu who handed him a bag from which he took out a
cylindrical object. He tenderly fondled it, then held it up for me to see. Then
he told me to hold it, get a good feel of it. Obediently I took it from him. I
had never seen a dildo before, but that's what it was I later found out.
However, as soon as I held it in my hand I noticed it looked like a man's penis.
A huge penis I must add. It even had a head like any man's tool, with the shapes
and serration. It was at least 10 inches long and almost 2 inches thick. One end
had the head, and the other had some buttons and looked like an electronic
wristwatch. All over the surface of the shaft were tiny circles about 1/8 inch
in diameter. Fearfully I held it as if it were a bomb. Rajesh ordered me to kiss
it's head. What else could I do but obey. Then he told me to put the head into
my mouth and push it in as far as I could. This done he ordered me to suck on
it. Utterly humiliated and trying not to look at the sniggering Abid and Ramu, I
sucked. Rajesh wanted me to suck as noisily as I could. I complied, even as the
3 men guffawed. When he finally told me to pull it out, I had no tears left. He
took back the dildo, and fiddled with the buttons at the base. Slowly, from the
tiny circles all over the surface of the artificial prick, little spikes
emerged. They were blunt at their tips, and about half an inch in length. One
even emerged from the head of the dildo! Rajesh said, isn't that wonderful? I
can set the spikes to emerge from inside your toy at whatever time I want. He
then told me that when we (Ramu, Abid and I) reached my home, they would insert
the dildo inside my cunt. The entire 10 inches of its length. The dildo was
timed for the spikes to emerge 7 hours after it was inserted inside me, so that
around 1 pm, I would wake up with the spikes biting into my cunt wall! Rajesh
asked if I didn't think that it was a wonderful alarm clock? To myself I
thought, how am I going to fall asleep with the way my body is racked with pain,
plus having that monster inside me? But as if he guessed what I was thinking,
Rajesh told me that, being a kind and generous man, he was giving me a couple of
pills, which would give me immediate, and sound sleep for at least those seven
hours. And I would wake up fresh to cook his dinner with that lovely alarm clock
inside of me!

     He then examined my scarred, bruised body closely. Smiling, he asked me if
I was in pain. When I just looked daggers at him, he laughed uproariously, and
said, this was just the beginning. I would get used to it... I better get used
to it, as my threshold of pain would have to go up. He had a lot of plans for
me. I shivered, and my tears welled back. He took my boobs and squeezed with
both his hands, twisting them in opposite directions. I screamed, and
automatically, my hands, which were now free, went up to push his away, the pain
being unbearable. He left my left tit, and slapped me. Hard. He told me that I
should know once and for all, that he had told me my body was to be accessible
to any man to do with how they liked, regardless of the pain to me, and I should
never, ever try to defend myself, or ease the pain. He would not repeat this
again, and the next time I disobeyed, a severe punishment would be enforced. A
severe punishment to be meted out in my own time, that is not during the weekend
fun a frolic. I quickly put my hand down, and groveled at his feet, begging
forgiveness. I was a complete slave. He was mollified.

     Saying bye, he even kissed me gently on the lips and patted my bum quite
affectionately, though even that caused me to wince. They handed me my kaftaan
only, not my panties. Rajesh reminded me to be "good" to Ramu and Abid, who were
to be my designated minders. We walked out to the waiting autoriksha. Even the
feel of the soft kaftaan against my bruised and battered skin was painful. My
limbs were so tortured that I had difficulty in walking. They had been tied up
in such awkward positions and for such protracted lengths of time that they were
almost immobile with pain. The less I thought about my butt, tits and cunt, the
better. I thought to myself, I had always thought about my sexual organ as a
vagina, or at the most, a slang "pussy". I had come so far down the path of
subjugation in these last few hours, that I was thinking of it as a cunt, a word
that I had never used, maybe even despised. The other men had almost all gone. A
few disparaging remarks about how much better I looked naked came from the
stragglers. I stepped first into the ricksha, knowing full well that I had to be
in the middle, with them on either side. I'm afraid, my ordeal was still not
quite over.

     As expected the two men got in on either side of me. Ramu asked the driver
to wait a moment. The driver was looking back at what was going on, staring at
me. I realized that he had not been inside with my other tormentors. Without
much ado, Ramu ordered me to raise the skirt of my kaftaan right upto my waist,
and tuck it in there, exposing the entire length of my body below my waist. I
protested, begging them to not make me expose myself in public. The result was
that both men grabbed one of my tits each, and subjected them to twisting and
pinching, which brought tears and cries of pain from me. Ramu said. "You really
are a brainless whore, aren't you. How many times has Boss told you to obey
without question, and without delay?" Abid did no talking. He just pulled the
zip on the front of the kaftaan down. It ran all the way down to my waist. Then
he and Ramu pulled the top apart, and pushed the cloth around my tortured boobs,
exposing my breast completely. The ricksha driver whistled when he saw my multi
coloured tits. "Wow", he muttered. "You'll really gave her some treatment! Wish
Boss had called me in too!" Ramu said shortly "You'll get your turn sometime.
She's not going anywhere. Now bitch, do as you are told." Quickly I pulled up
the kaftaan and tucked it in at the waist. For all practical purposes I was
naked in a ricksha, about to ride home through the town. The only consolation
was that at this time of pre-dawn, not many people would be about. Besides our
roads were not too brightly lit.

     Then Abid ordered me to raise both my hands, and hold on to the straps
passenger straps hanging from the sides of the vehicles roof. I obeyed as fast
as I could. He then instructed me to spread my legs wide, and when I complied,
he hooked my ankles into a convenient bar on either side of the ricksha.
Grinning, Abid said, "Now, you will hold that position all the way home, and not
move your hands or legs from their position, come what may. If you do, you will
be in for some serious trouble, both with us, as well as Rajesh Saab. I nodded.
They told the driver to start, but to drive very slowly. They wanted as much fun
time with Ipshita Mem Saab as possible. The respectful "Mem Saab" was used very
sardonically. We took off.

     Through the journey home, they fingered, pinched bit, clawed, slapped,
punched, poked, inserted, chewed, gnawed my aching, sore, tortured body with a
vengeance. As if what I had been subjected to was not enough, they made  what
was already unbearable, inconceivably worse. But I was so terrified of Rajesh's
retribution, that I somehow managed to hold on to the bars without letting go. I
wept and begged them to show me some mercy, asking them what I had done to them
for them to do this to me, but they only laughed and carried on regardless, even
saying that I was lucky they did not report me to the boss for begging for
mercy! Then Abid made me lift my ass off the seat, slipped under me and fucked
my raw cunt, and ass once more. The bastard made me move up and down on his
prick because he was tired. Like I was fresh as a rose. Ramu at least had that
much pity on me, and did not follow suit.

     On the way, they made a short halt, just to show me that I had no way out.
The halt was at a police station quite close to my house. Two cops came out and
were very pally with my two tormentors. They came to look at my naked body, and
laughed at my multicoloured tits and asked me to bend over to show them my bum.
There was nothing I could do but comply. I knew now that the scope of my ex
lover's clout included the guardians of the law. I never felt so alone and
helpless. The cops too played a little with my poor tits, but Ramu again put
them off by saying they would be invited for my next performance, and we finally
got home.

     Luckily very few people were out, and no one noticed my situation. They had
to help me out of the ricksha, and drag me to my door. I fumbled with the lock
till Ramu took the key from my hand and opened the latch. I went in, and they
followed me in. I had forgotten about the dildo. They took it out from its bag,
and once again I found myself stripped down to nakedness. I looked at the
instrument of my further torture with fear. Without being told to do so, I bent
over my office table and spread my legs. It took the at least 10 minutes to push
the whole thing in. They had been told not to use any lubricant. Another ten
minutes of wanton pain. I cried out with each thrust they gave the dildo. They
played with my clit to induce some juices from my badly fucked up cunt.
Thankfully my cunt wasn't short of juice, but they told me with disdain in their
voices that I was a real whore to have so much sex juices in my hole. It made me
feel they were right. I was now beginning to feel I was a whore. Finally when it
was in, they saw to it that I took the pills to get me to sleep. I was in no
condition to bathe, but they hosed me down with ice cold water, and threw me on
my bed. I heard the door closing behind them, and then, sweet oblivion. The
pills were indeed working very fast.

     The next thing I knew was when I awoke with a sharp, pain in my cunthole.
The spikes had started to emerge from the dildo. I was fully awake in seconds.
Every move I made translated to acute feelings in that horribly painful area of
my body which I cursed I ever had. Even getting out of bed was like walking on a
bed of burning coals. The phone rang. The walk to pick it up was excruciating. I
held the table and picked up the phone. It was Rajesh, speaking in a very
pleasant tone. "Hello my darling cunt-hole. So the alarm has woken you up? Good,
get ready for your new life as Ipshita the whore, Ipshita the slave, Ipshita the
bitch."

     I opened my eyes wide and got ready for my day. The first day of the rest
of my miserable life.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rahul Dias


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





