BDSM Library - Discovering Bondage




Discovering Bondage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tells how a recently married wife discovers that her husband and best friend have been into bondage for some time and how they introduce her to this.
Discovering Bondage
By Master2124

We had been married about three months when Frank went away on the training
course, which was to change our lives.  He was away for a week and I missed him
like mad.  He rang me every night and talked for ages on the phone.  Every night
he told me about his day and how much he missed me.  Then he would tell me what
he was going to do with me and to me when he got home.  He told me how much he
wanted to make love with me, how he wanted to kiss me and then slowly remove my
clothes, how he wanted to take my breasts in his hands, how he wanted to feel my
ass, how he wanted to push his fingers into my cunt and then how he wanted to
fuck me with his big, fat prick.  He got me worked up every night and by the
time he got home I was more than ready for him.

I had sent off to one of those sexy garment catalogues for a playsuit that he'd
told me was real sexy.  It was made of a shiny black material and looked like a
wet swimsuit with a couple of little differences! -  It had cut-outs for my
breasts and was open crotch, leaving the most important parts of my anatomy open
to view.  The back of the costume was cut out in such a fashion as to show my
whole ass buck-naked. I knew what time he was due home so I had a long soak in
the bath with my favourite scented bubble bath and afterwards put on the suit. 
It made me feel very sexy and daring as I sat in front of the dressing table
mirror the flesh of my naked bum next to the soft vinyl of the seat and my tits
sticking out through the opening in the bodice as I made up my face.  Then I
waited for him just inside the front door.

When he arrived and opened the door, he took one look at me, dropped his case
and walked up to me.  He took hold of my hands and stood looking down at my
body.  Slowly he put his arms around me, keeping hold of my hands as he did so. 
He folded my arms behind my back so that my hands touched my elbows. This had
the amazing effect of pushing my breasts forward causing my breasts to become
even more prominent through the openings in the front of the playsuit. My
nipples stood out like organ stops.  He held my arms in place with one hand
whilst he removed his tie with the other.  He then wrapped the tie around my
forearms, fastening my hands behind my back!!! 

I was suddenly very conscious of my vulnerability.  He turned me around and
guided me to the living room. As I walked in front of him his right hand cupped
my bottom squeezing the soft flesh of my ass as I walked in front of him. He
pushed his hand between my legs to cup my cunt from behind.  I stumbled slightly
at the unexpected rush of excitement, which flooded my body.  When we reached
the living room he guided me to the dining table. He pushed me up against the
table and took my breasts in his hands running his thumbs over my hard peaked
nipples. I thrust my hips backwards against the hard ridge of his hard prick
outlined through his suit trousers. I twisted my head back so that he could kiss
me, which he proceeded to do, grinding his hard ridge into my buttocks as he did
so, pushing my cunt against the hard edge of the table. 

After a little while his right hand left my breast to slip between our bodies
and through my legs from behind to again cup my cunt. He buried his fingers into
me, hard.  I could here the sloshing sound of his fingers going in and out of my
now very wet sex.  Just as I was ready to go over the edge he stepped back from
me and ordered(!) me to stay right there and not to move.  He disappeared into
the kitchen, returning with a skipping rope and a sharp knife.  He cut off the
wooden handles from the ends of the skipping rope then cut several pieces off
the rope.  He came and knelt behind me and took hold of my left ankle and pulled
towards the nearest table leg.  He used one of the pieces of rope to tie my
ankle to the table leg.  He then took hold of my right ankle and pulled that to
the opposite table leg and tied my right ankle to it.  I was now standing with
my cunt pressed against the table edge with my legs spread wide apart and my
hands tied behind my back!! 

He stood back to admire his work and a slow sexy smile spread across his face. 
He was obviously very pleased with what he had done.  I was still half dazed
from the sexual high that I had been on from his hand masturbation that I had
been so enjoying moments before.  I was still, twisted slightly looking at him
over my shoulder. I glanced down at myself and saw that in this position with my
legs spread my ass cheeks were spread apart also.  Experimentally I leaned
forward, which caused my bum to round firmly.  Frank stepped forward and lightly
slapped my ass. I pushed my bum out as much as my position would allow in an
invitation for him to take me. He ignored my invitation and continued to lightly
slap my bottom.  Each slap jolted my cunt ridge against the hard edge of the
table, causing my clitoris to rub against the wood.  I found myself getting
excited again.  He continued slapping me until found myself rising towards a
climax from the rubbing of my clitoris against the hard wood. He realised what
was happening and started to talk to me, encouraging me to fuck the table.  I
responded by wriggling against the wood to increase the massaging of my
clitoris.  To encourage me further his slaps grew harder.  I suddenly started to
come, I screamed with the exquisite sensation.

When I came down from the high of my climax Frank left the room leaving me tied
to the table!  I screamed at him to come back and fuck me!  He turned around and
came back to the table.  He bent down and picked up the two discarded skipping
rope handles. He pushed one into my cunt and rubbed it backwards and forwards
until it was nice and wet, then slid it up through the crease of my buttocks
until he reached my asshole.  He pushed the now wet wooden handle into my ass as
far as it would go until the flange on the end nestled against me. He then
pushed the second handle into my cunt.  "That should keep you interested for a
little while" he told me and turned away and proceeded up the stairs to our
bedroom.

I heard the thud of the case as he put it down.  Then I listened as he moved
around the bedroom, which was immediately above the living room. He opened and
closed drawers. I couldn't understand how he was able to just ignore the fact
that he had left me in this position, wide open and with two wooden prongs
jammed into my most intimate places, whilst he was unpacking his case.  On
previous occasions when I had greeted him in a similar fashion we had been on
the bed by now, fucking our brains out.  Now here I was wet, willing and ready
to go but unable to do anything but await the return of the Lord and Master.  I
couldn't even play with myself! 

Behind me on the wall was a mirror. Not a large one, just the normal size that
one usually found in a living room for the convenience of being able to see
one's self whilst combing one's hair or applying makeup.  I stared at the image
of myself in this mirror.  It was just far enough away and hung at just the
right angle that my bum was the centre of the reflected me.  The shiny black
material of the playsuit outlined the reddened flesh of my buttocks, which
jutted provocatively out from the hole that had been cut in such a way as to
display the whole of my bottom.  Spread as I was I could see the head of the two
handles sticking out from me, small pieces of rope attached to each of them
hanging down between my legs. I could also see that my cunt was dripping from my
climax, creating a small wet pool on the floor between my legs.  I had always
been copious in my climax, almost like a man.  I bent further forward, keeping
my eye on the image in the mirror until I could also see the lips of my cunt.
Frank had fucked me doggy style previously and I had really liked it because his
prick could get right up inside me when he entered me from behind, filling me. I
wanted him to come back quickly and fuck me now. I wanted his flesh pole in me,
not these uncomfortable pieces of wood, smooth though they were.

Frank returned.  He was naked.  His prick reared out hard and ridged from the
black curls of his sexual hair.  I noticed that there was a metal ring at the
base of his prick from which a leather strap ran across his scrotum, separating
it into two hard round pouches, to a second metal ring, which ran around his
prick from behind his scrotum. He came behind me, pushed me down so that I was
now lying across the table-top. He slapped my backside a few more times to warm
me up again.  After about half a dozen slaps he pulled the handle out of my cunt
leaned over me and held it against my mouth.  "Open up, bitch" he commanded,
"You can suck this whilst I fuck your cunt"

I opened my mouth and allowed him to put the sopping wet wood in.  I closed my
teeth on it to hold it into place.

"You're a real hot piece of ass, you know.  You're my hot piece of ass. I knew
you would take to this like a duck to water.  Bent over like this you're all ass
in fact."  He tugged at the rope hanging from the handle up my ass, pulling it
out slightly. Then he pushed it back into me. "Yes all ass, and a tight one at
that. Soon I'm going to fuck this tight, little, virgin ass, but not just now. 
Today I'm going to fuck you're cunt!"  Without removing the handle from my ass
he rammed his prick into my cunt and proceeded to do what he had promised.  He
moved the wooden phallus in my ass in rhythm with the movements of his prick in
my cunt.  I could feel that hard rod in my ass rubbing against his prick through
the thin membrane that separated the two orifices. I felt I was being well and
truly fucked in both places. His talk about fucking me in the ass had somehow
centred my concentration on that area and made me super sensitive of that
invasion.  I could feel my anal ring first trying to expel the invader, then
trying to hold on to it as both rod and prick moved out of my body in unison. 

I clenched my cunt muscles to hold his prick in me as he withdrew. As I did so
my ass clenched in sympathy on the hard wooden handle.  It was an exquisite
sensation.  I couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to be fucked by two
men at the same time, one in my cunt and one up my ass. His other hand was
squeezing my breast his thumb and forefinger pinching my hard nipple.   

He seemed to pump in and out of me for a long time, longer than he had ever
previously been able to fuck me without coming himself.  Now I understood the
reason for the restraint on his prick. It was to keep him hard for longer and
prolong the pleasure he received from his invasion of my body.  I was sure that
it must also be increasing his sensitivity because he was moaning with pleasure
with each thrust. The hard edge of the table was rubbing against my clitoris
again with each forward movement of his prick into my cunt and I was right up in
the clouds with the exquisite pain of my arousal.  

I seemed to be in a constant state of climax from his almost brutal assault on
my helplessly restrained body.  I was really loving it. Again I found myself
rising up to my climax.  I started to come again. When I started to come he
could not hold himself back any longer and his prick rammed into me to the hilt
as his come jetted into my waiting cunt.  He almost lifted me off my feet as he
rammed himself up even deeper into my body as his fluid jetted from him into my
already soaking orifice.  I screamed his name as he paid homage to me in this
most intimate of fashions.

When I came down from my climax I opened my eyes to the sight of his prick
bobbing in front of my face.  He grasped a handful of my hair and lifted my head
so that I could take him into my mouth.  He was still hard, even though he had
exploded so hard into my cunt.  And he was wet from out mingled juices.  I
licked at the head of his prick enjoying the little spasms this caused as he
seemed to get even harder.  The hard bulb of his prick was swollen so much that
the slit at the end gapped open.  Little trickles of semen continued to
ejaculate gently from him as I flicked my tongue over this sensitive area.   He
let me continue like this for several minutes before he pushed himself past my
tongue and deep into my mouth.  He started to thrust himself backwards and
forwards, never once letting go of my hair.  I could feel the slight pain as
with each inward thrust he jerked my head by pulling at the handful of my hair
that he was gripping so tightly. He seemed to be enjoying the pain that he was
inflicting.  His thrusts became harder, almost brutal, as he slammed himself
into my face, his balls banging against my chin as he got to the end of each
stroke.  I tightened my lips around him, sucking against him as he pulled
himself out, trying to make him cum.  I found that I was getting aroused again
as my clit was continuing to rub against the hard ridge of the table edge.   I
could feel the tension building up in him again as his excitement continued to
build.  I knew that he was only seconds from his climax.  I was right.  He
started to cum.  I swallowed hard as his prick rammed hard into my throat as his
jism jetted out of his body. He jerked himself from me and spurted most of his
cum into my face as he held me firmly in position by my hair.

He left me tied to the table and went away upstairs, returning with a self
developing camera and proceeded to take photographs of me. He took several of my
face covered as it was with large globules of his cum.  However, it was obvious
from the number he took from behind, that he really loved the way may ass stuck
out from my new costume, especially with the wooden handle sticking obscenely
out of my asshole.

Eventually he released me after removing the handle and sent me into the kitchen
to serve him his tea.  He refused to let me put on anything over my very
revealing costume.  He told me that now I was his sex slave and I was to always
be ready for him.  He sat at the table still naked himself.  When his meal was
on the table he tied my hands together behind my back again, pushed me down on
to my knees under the table and told me to suck his prick whilst he ate.  So
whilst he filled his mouth with food, my mouth was filled with his prick, which
rapidly got hard again!

After his meal he fetched a two foot long rod that had a leather cuff attached
to each end which he strapped around my ankles. He told me that this was called
a spreader bar.  That's just what it did, it spread me wide open.  It was
difficult, but not impossible to walk whilst attached to this.  What it did do
was make me completely aware of my sexual vulnerability. He told me to wash the
dishes. He stood behind me as I washed them.  His right hand delved between my
opened legs, his fingers playing in my sopping cunt.  He left hand massaged my
tits.  I could feel his rock hard prick gently prodding at my anus, reminding me
of his promise to fuck me there, when he was ready.  

When I finished the dishes he again bound my wrists behind me.  This time he
took another rope and wrapped it around the top of my arms, just above my elbows
and tied   this off.  This rope had the amazing effect of pushing my tits out
even more.  He took a ball of twine out of the kitchen drawer and proceeded to
wrap several coils of this around the base of my left breast and then tied it
off.  I looked down to see my breast was hard from the restriction.  My nipple
was engorged and stuck out from the tight flesh of my breast like an organ stop. 
My breast felt like a separate part of my body.  He treated my right breast in
the same way.

He led me back into the living room.  I stumbled along after him trying to keep
my balance as I adapted to the wide legged waddle made necessary by the leg
spreader.  He knelt me down in front of the three seater settee that faced the
large screen TV and video. The wide spread of my ankles meant that I was
practically sitting on my open cunt.  He untied my arms from behind me and then
tied each wrist to its respective ankle.

He turned on the TV and pressed play on the video switch.  He had purchased a
real pornographic video whilst he had been away.  The opening scene showed an
attractive woman walking down the street. She was wearing a shaped leather
jacket with plenty of zips and a short leather skirt with knee length boots. 
Hanging from her belt at the waist was a pair of shining metal handcuffs.  The
camera followed her as she entered a building and went into a lift.  As soon as
the lift door closed her hand she pulled up the front of her skirt and started
to rub herself through her knickers.  The lift rose to the top floor where she
exited. She walked down a short passage and entered an apartment.  The camera
followed her into the apartment's bedroom.

In the bedroom there was a naked woman bound to a bed by her wrists which were
spread apart to each corner of the head board.  Her ankles were pulled up over
her head and tied to the same corners.  This left her wide open and vulnerable 
I could even see her ass hole. She wore
a full rubber head mask that totally hid her identity.   As we watched the
leather clad woman climbed onto the bed and knelt in front of the bound woman
and bent and started to lick her open cunt. With the full mask blinding her the
bound woman would not know wether she was being
licked by a man or a woman.  She didn't seem to care as she strained against her
bonds to thrust her cunt up towards the licking tounge. The kneeling position
pushed her bottom into the air causing the edges of the skirt to rise above her
rounded ass revealing that she was wearing a G string which left her ass bear
beneath the dress.  The camera zoomed in for a close up of the woman's ass
lovingly following the string of the G as it nestled between her ass cheeks, 
then zoomed
out slightly to take in to the frame the way her tongue was working its way into
the bound woman's portals of pleasure.  As we watched the action on the screen
Frank leaned forward and took my bound tits in his hands, massaging my nipples
between the finger and thumb of each hand pinching them making me writhe with
the exquisite pleasure this brought me as I again found myself  becoming
sexually excited.  This was the first time I had ever watched someone else
involved in sex and I was finding it a real turn on, especially seeing that
bondage was central to what was happening to me, and the activity on the screen.

As I watched the TV screen a man joined the action.  He climbed onto the bed and
knelt behind the bent woman.  His prick was huge and swollen with his arousal. 
He pushed up the kneeling woman's skirt until it was around her waist.  The man
took a small bulldog clip from the bedside table, opened its jaws and clipped it
onto the nipple of the bound woman's right breast.  I thought to myself "That
must hurt like hell".  He took a second bulldog clip and treated the left breast
in the same way. The camera zoomed in on the bound woman's mouth. Her lips were
drawn back away from the rubber ball which had been forced in behind her teeth,
spreading her mouth into a grimace. Her eyes were wide open, tears of pain
glistened as they seeped out onto her cheeks.  The kneeling woman continued to
orally stimulate the bound woman, apparently ignoring the man. 

The man pulled aside the  G string and pushed his prick into the kneeling
woman's cunt.  As he did so my master pushed me forward. With my hands bound to
my ankles and my legs spread as they were, this meant that I ended up with my
face on the floor and my ass in the air.

My master entered me from behind, just as the man on the screen had the woman he
was fucking in front of my eyes. His hands gripped my swollen and sensitive
breasts to give him leverage to enter me firmly. I turned my head slightly so
that I could continue to watch the screen.  The prick in my cunt was pumping in
exact rhythm with the action on the screen. It was an exhilarating sensation to
watch someone else being fucked and at the same time to be fucked myself.  I
couldn't take my eyes of the screen.  I was fascinated by the sight of the
stranger's prick pumping in and out of the kneeling woman and the way with each
thrust, her face was pushed into the bound woman's cunt.

As I watched the man on the screen withdrew his prick from the woman's cunt and
pushed it into her ass hole.  I gasped with amazement as I watched it sink into
her anus.  I felt my master follow suit.  His prick, wet from my cunt, nudged at
my anal ring.  I had never been fucked there before. I was an anal virgin.  I
felt a momentary pain as he forced himself into my body, but it didn't last
long.  Once he had penetrated me I found that in a strange way I was actually
enjoying it. It was a lot different from the feeling I had when he had pushed
the wooden handle in to my ass. His prick was more alive.  I could also feel his
thighs against me which also heightened my awareness of what was happening. It
wasn't the same as being fucked in my cunt, but it was pleasurable in a
different way.   It helped that I had been anticipating this all evening so I
was prepared.  It also helped that I was on a sexual high from all that had
already happened and from the viewing of the action on the screen in front of
me.  It was exciting being fucked whilst watching someone else being fucked. I
must be a bit of an exhibitionist, I guess.  I wondered what it would be like if
I was the one tied to the bed and say, Sarah my best friend was the one licking
my cunt and Frank who was fucking her.  I wondered if Sarah would let him, or
whether I would have to tie her to the bed instead.  That idea excited me.  I
would love to tie Sarah up, now that I came to think about it.  She had a lovely
body that I had often admired and I knew that Frank thought so, too. Sarah and I
had been friends since the final year of primary, right through our adolescence. 
We had our first period within weeks of each other and had shared as bed on more
than one occasion.  We had explored each other's growing bodies during our early
teens and we had often dated together.  I remembered more than one double date
when we had both fooled around with our respective partners when we had parked
up.  So sharing sexual activity would not be a totally off the wall thing,  It
was just that we had never actually got it together, together, if you know what
I mean. Also, Frank had been out with Sarah a few times before we started to go
steady  and she had told me that they had had sex together, so they were no
strangers to each others bodies. She was single at the moment, so there would be
no one else to consider if I decided I wanted to explore that avenue.  

The man on the screen continued fucking the woman in the ass for several
minutes, but which seemed to me to be much longer than that, before withdrawing
to spurt his come all over the woman's ass and back.   Frank was not yet ready
to come and continued to pump into me even after that action had finished on the
screen.   The scene on the screen changed to a second room.  The two women
entered the room. The one who had been tied to the bed was still naked and
wearing the face mask but now she was wearing black rubber dance pants as well. 
I had seen some like them in the rubber wear supplement to the exotic wear
catalogue from which I had purchased the
body suit.  I wondered if these pants contained the double dildos that the
illustration in the catalogue had shown as one of the alternatives for the dance
pants. If so I wondered whether she could feel them moving within her as she
walked.  Her breasts were bound in the same way mine were, her nipples stuck out
hard and firm.  So, now I knew where my master had got that idea.  The nipple
clamps were still attached to her now very hard nipples. They had a light chain
joining them from which a lead led by which the other woman was pulling her into
the room.  The firmness of the skin of her breasts caused by the restriction of
the ropes ensured that her breasts pointed forward. Her nipples were elongated
out from her breasts because of the pull on the lead being imposed by the other
woman. As I watched the bound woman walk across the room there seemed some how
to be something familiar about her.  

The second woman was now wearing an open crotch cat suit made out of a soft
leather which moulded beautifully to her luscious body. The open crotch was cut
like my playsuit revealing the whole of her firm ass at the back.  She had a
well rounded ass which stuck out proudly from the restrictive leather.

The man followed them. He was wearing tight pants which outlined his solid
erection and a close fitting black tee-shirt.

He ordered the second woman to secure the slave to a wooden vault horse which
was in the centre of the room.  The slave was bent over the horse with her
bottom sticking up into the air, her ankles
fastened wide apart to the base of the horse, and her wrists similarly tied on
the other side.  They each then took a leather strap and proceeded to smack her
backside over the rubber. The rubber clung tightly to her body and I knew that
she must be feeling every slap. The sound track reproduced the sounds of the
leather hitting her soft body and the gaps which managed to get past the
obstruction of the gag.  The camera zeroed in on her contorted face to show her
reaction
to each slap of the belt, then moved to zero in on her bottom.  I could now see
that there was a round protrusion in the rubber just where her asshole would be,
so she did have a dildo up her ass. Each slap caused a vibration through the
rubber dildo which I knew must be exciting to her.  As they slapped her, Frank
seemed to grow harder inside me, and his thrusts harder and deeper into my ass. 
One of his hands moved away from my breast to play with my cunt, his fingers
playing in and out of my moist depths, his thumb flicking at my clitoris
bringing me back to the boil again.

After several moments they put the belts down.  The mistress then went and stood
back to back with the bound slave.  She spread her legs so that her legs
paralleled those of the slave. The eye of the camera lingered lovingly on the
moistness glistening through the gap in the leather cat suit through which the
pink folds of her cunt protruded. After a few short moments it panned back to
show the master with several loops of rope in his hand. He knelt and tied their
ankles together.  Then he took another loop around their joined knees, and then
their joined thighs.   He tied her hands together in front of her, leaving a
loop between her wrists about five inches, then bent
and picked up a wood rod which pushed through her elbows across her back.  This
pulled her hands into her body, tightening the loose rope between her wrists. He
tied the rod into place then stepped back and picked up one of the straps and
suddenly brought it straight up between her legs, hitting her full in her wide
spread vulnerably opened cunt. She grunted with the force of the blow which
caused her to stretch up onto her toes.  Frank rammed himself hard into my ass
and exploded, his come pumped into me as he rose up straightening his legs to
get a good firm leaverage into me. He lifted me off my knees with the impact. 
The man in the video repeated his actions three more
times. Each time Frank pulled out of me as the man started his swing and rammed
into me as the leather strap smacked into the woman's now tender cunt. 
Obviously this was a great turn on for Frank.  The woman started to spurt with
her come after the fourth blow, her body jerking as much as it was able, against
the restricting ropes, her mouth open as she screamed when she climaxed.  Frank
climaxed too, jetting his fluids into my ass.

The video went dark and Frank withdrew his prick from my body, allowing me to
settle back onto the carpet. He sat back on the settee to recover, leaving me to
my own devices.  After a few minutes I heard the clanking of metal against metal
as he removed his cock ring.  I knew then that we had finished for the night.  I
expected him to release me but instead he left me where I was whilst he went
upstairs to take a shower and prepare himself for bed.   By the time he returned
about half an hour later I was beginning to feel a little cramped.  He stood
over me for a moment surveying his handy work.

"I really do like you when you're all tied up, like this" he told me. "It's
obvious that you enjoyed it too, am I  right?" He questioned me.  I had to agree
and told him that I had enjoyed it, that I had never had so many climaxes in so
short a space of time before. "Well, I guess we will have to find time to do
this  again, and often my little sex slave.  Now, lets get you untied, into the
shower and off to bed."  He released me, told me to carry the bondage implements
to our bedroom, and led me up stairs to our bedroom.  I deposited the rope and
ankle spreader on the blanket chest at the bottom of our bed and went to the
bathroom to shower.

When I got back from the shower he told me to lie down on the bed. He took out a
couple of coils of rope and tied my wrists to my ankles. This left me with my
knees bent and my legs open.  He took a dildo shaped vibrator out of his case,
turned it on and proceeded to move it in and out of my gaping cunt, touching my
clitoris with it between each entry to make sure that I received the most
possible enjoyment. I came several times with soul splitting intensity. He left
me tied up
like that for the night.

I awoke late the next morning to find that Frank had released the ropes and
slipped away to go to the office to write up his report for the visits he had
made whilst away.  I climbed out of bed and went to the loo.  On my return I
noticed that the ropes and leg spreader were still on  the top of the blanket
chest where I had put them last night. I sat down on the bed and picked up the
spreader bar.  I caressed the leather of the ankle straps, remembering how horny
I had been last night when he had me fastened into them.  How sexy I had felt
with my cunt and ass held open to his view.  I couldn't resist. I bent down and
strapped one of the straps around my left ankle, then strapped the second one
around my right ankle.  I was now spread as I had been last night.  I closed my
eyes and remembered, my hand went down to my opened cunt, and I rubbed my
fingers against my clit, then
down into my soft, moist pouch. I wondered what Sarah would say if she chose now
to call in for one of her unexpected visits.  Would I even dare to open the
door.  (I hadn't opened the blinds, so if she did call she might think I was
still in bed if I didn't answer her knock.)

I passed the morning doing my household chores, the vacuuming, the washing and
the ironing, still with my legs spread by the bar between  my ankles.  Having
completed all this by mid morning I was left with little else to do as I
couldn't go out to the shops, as I would normally have done.  I decided I would
telephone Sarah, to pass the time whilst I waited for Frank to come back, so I
sat down on the leather couch in Frank's study and picked up the phone.  The
phone rang out and whilst I waited for Sarah to answer I looked around the room.
I could see myself in the mirror, my legs spread wide by the bar.  Frank had put
up what looked like one of these motto plaques.
It spelt out "BOUND TO PLEASE"  I looked a little closer and saw that each of
the letters was made up of female figures tied up in various ways to make up the
letters.  The letter B was made up of two woman head to head, their bodies bowed
in a hog-tie, their forearms tied along the length of their calves to make the
straight side of the B, their arched bellies curved to make the arcs of the
letter. The letter O was  a woman bound backwards around the rim of an old
fashioned cart wheel. The U was a woman hanging by wrists and ankles  The N was
three woman each bound to a straight pole.  The other letters were similar
combinations of young, attractive,  nubile and naked bound woman.  A most
unusual wall decoration indeed.  Every one of the women was gagged and had
dildoes stuck in their cunts!!!

Sarah answered the phone in her usual bright cheery fashion and we chatted as
usual about the goings on amongst our friends and acquaintances. I couldn't help
but smile as at one point she said that she hadn't been able to speak to one of
our friends, Kathy, because she was tied up in a meeting.  I couldn't help
giggling at that, knowing that I was "tied up" too, in a more literal sense.

"I'm a bit tied up myself at the moment" I found myself blurting out to Sarah.

"Are you, now" she replied.  "Tell me, did you enjoy yourself last night when
Frank got home?"

"Yes indeed, " I admitted.  "I'm overwhelmed by the number of times he made me
come last night."

"I don't suppose last night had anything to do with your being "a little tied"
up now, would it?" she asked.

"Well yes, I suppose it does, in a way. Frank left me a little present by the
bed this morning and I'm wearing it now. Maybe you'd like to pop over and see
for yourself."  I couldn't believe that I'd just
invited my oldest and best friend over to my house to see me naked and tied into
a spreader bar, but that was exactly what I, and my big mouth, had done.

"Of course I'll come over" was her quick reply, "I'm certain sure that anything
Frank has got for you is bound to be interesting." I wondered if that was a
deliberate play on words.  If it was maybe she knew more about last night than I
might have expected, especially remembering that Frank and Sarah had gone
together for a while before Frank and I became an item. "I'll be over in ten
minutes," she continued, "so that you can show me then.  I've got something on
myself which I think you might like.  I'll see you shortly." She hung up and I
slowly replaced the telephone.  What was I going to do now?  Should I stay as I
was or should I go up stairs and change?  I decided that I would stay as I was. 
It would be interesting to see if I had picked up correctly on her innuendoes!

True to her word she arrived ten minutes later. I watched through the slats of
the blinds as she walked up to the front door. She was carrying a bag and 
despite the fact that the day was warm she was wearing a black rubber rain
coat!! I went to the door, opened it whilst ensuring that I kept it between me
and the outside world. Sarah stepped inside.  I closed the door as she turned to
me.  She looked me up and down a broad smile on her face.  "Gotcha" she said.
With her right hand she unbuttoned the rain coat and opened it.  I was startled
to see that her tits were tied up with rope just as the woman in the video the
night before, with similar nipple clamps and she was wearing the same black
rubber dance pants.

"Recognise anything?" she asked me.  I gasped out. "I knew there was something
familiar about that woman last night. It was you!!"

"Yes, " she gleefully informed me.  "Frank took me to the bondage club over the
weekend.  I introduced him to it when we were going together. I told him that I
thought you would get off on bondage just like me.  I was right, wasn't I?"

I agreed with her whole heatedly.

"Frank told me to call in and get you ready for when he came in this afternoon. 
I was just on my way to come round here when you called me."

"You mean you we dressed like this at the office" I asked amazed and exited at
the idea.

"Absolutely and I wasn't the only one either.  I told you that Kathy was tied up
in a meeting, didn't I?  Well she was tied up all right. The bosses had her tied
to a to a desk and were taking turns in fucking her.  From the sounds coming
from the board room she was  enjoying it all as much as they were!!  The office
is a meeting point for several of the masters from the bondage club.  Kathy and
I often find ourselves tied up for their enjoyment. There's hardly a day goes by
when we don't find ourselves tied up to be  well and truly fucked. Its a great
job!!  I've already had a good seeing to myself today. I've been fucked in the
face and ass as well as in the cunt..  You'll be joining us now, so you'll have
to get used to being always ready. They'll fuck you in full view of each other,
so get ready for multiple pricks and multiple orgasms."

She reached into the bag and  pulled out a rubber face mask.  "He wants you to
wear this for him. You should find this interesting."

She unzipped the back of the hood and pulled it over my head.  There was a
short, fat  rubber dildo sticking out inside it which she pushed into my mouth
and then re-zipped it.  The mask was shaped to fit my head and could have been
made just for me, it fit so well.  It had soft foam inside it which pressed onto
my eyes and it had holes under my nostrils to allow me to breath, which was a
good job, as my mouth was well stuffed.  The ear pieces were padded, too, so I
was blind, deaf and dumb!!! I was now dependent upon  Sarah for guidance.  She
took my hand and led me forward.  She turned me into the down stairs loo. "You'd
better avail yourself of the toilet before we go any
further.  From what I understand, you'll be to tied up for the rest of the day
so  avail yourself of the amenities now, unless you want to be pissing whilst
you're all tied up.  You'll not always have the choice. One of the things they
like to make us do is to go as long as we can with a full bladder, then they
will do every thing they can to make you piss, but you have to try not to,
because they will punish you if you loose control." 

I sat on the toilet bowl and proceeded to relieve myself.  It was a new
experience to perform my ablutions whilst in bondage and blind folded.  Sarah
played with my breasts whilst I did so, tweaking at my nipples to make them
stand out. I reached out and found that she was standing right in front of me. 
I could feel the rubber of her dance pants under my hands.  I ran my hand across
her stomach and down between her legs to  confirm my suspicions that there was a
dildo in side the crotch.  I felt the hard nub of its head.  It was vibrating
gently.  The lucky bitch.  she was obviously well taken care of, whilst poor old
me, I was having to do without. Still, from what Sarah had said, this would soon
be taken care of.  I wondered whether Frank would be alone when he came home for
lunch, or would he bring one of his business associates to help to initiate me
into my new role as a sex slave.

I finished pissing.  Sarah tore of some soft toilet tissue and wiped me dry.  I
had never had anyone do that for me before!  As she dried me she made a point of
tweaking my clit, to keep me interested. She led me from the toilet into the
bedroom where she sat me down on the edge of the bed.  She then tied a piece of
rope around the base of my breasts wrapping it around the base of each two or
three times pulling each loop tight forcing my tits into hard cones.  She then
took a loop around the juncture of the tie between my breasts which pulled my
breasts towards each other.  From this tie point she took a loop around the back
of my neck and back down where she had started.  She then continued down to my
waist where she wrapped it around me for three turns, again pulling it tight
enough so that I could feel the stricture.  Having completed this she ran a
length of what was obviously a long rope, down across my stomach.  She urged me
to stand
so that she could run this loop between my legs and back up to the waist tie at
the back. she pulled this loop tight so that it buried itself deep into the
cleft of my cunt and anus.   She proceeded to tie
my wrists together with this loop, pulling my hands into the cleft of my bum. 
She again ran the loop back between my legs and to the waist tie at the front,
and then back again, so that I now had three loops dividing my cunt.  This time
she took the rope upto my upper arms and tied these together pulling my
shoulders hard back in doing so. She then stood me up,  turned me round and then
pushed me face down onto the bed.  She then took the last bit of rope and
wrapped it around the centre of the spreader bar and pulled it tight so that my
legs were bent into my body. 

Sarah now had me in a tight hog-tie lying on the bed face down.  The fact that
she had run the linking rope from the centre of the ankle spreader bar to the
upper arm tie meant that my body arched backwards slightly, lifting my knees and
shoulders up from the bed.  My nipples were extra sensitive because of the rope
around the base of my breasts. In this position they lightly touched the rough
cotton of the bedspread.  I found that if I moved slightly the rough cotton
rubbed against my nipples and sent a tingling sensation through my body.  I also
found that if I wriggled my wrists that the rope between my legs rubbed against
my clit.  All in all, despite being alone, I was able
to keep myself amused!  With the loss of external senses of sight and sound I
was unable to
keep track of time, but time was irrelevant.  I knew that soon enough Frank
would come home and it would then be time for his pleasure.  Now was a time for
mine.  The pinus gag was the only thing which detracted from my enjoyment.  I
had never been gagged before last night, and that was only temporary and I had
control of how long I was gagged for. Now I was no longer in control.  The
rubber filled my mouth, keeping it open around its hardness. I found that I had
to consciously
swallow the saliva formed, and this was not the easiest thing in the world to do
with my mouth open.  The natural tendency when swallowing is to close the mouth. 
Swallowing with my mouth forced open reminded me a little of the dentist!  So
much of my conscious thought was taken
up with this new sensation.  Allied with this were my  masturbatory actions.
Together these different sensations combined to give me a newly awakened
awareness of my body. 

I was so lost in these sensations that I had forgotten Sarah! However she had
not forgotten me.     The bed dipped as she sat down on the edge.  I could tell
it was Sarah because of her perfume, which was now subtly blended with the smell
of sex, both her's and mine. Last night I had wondered what it would be like to
have another woman make love to me.  Now I was about to begin to find out.  She
tipped me over on to my side so that she had access to the front of my body.
The ankle spreader caused one leg to be high in the air, whilst the other lay on
the bed.  Sarah must have had a delightful eye full of my cuntal split, divided
as it was by the rope which I could feel buried deep into my slit.

 I felt her tongue on the upper surface of my left breast which as I was now
lying on me right side, was the upper one.  The hot, wet feel of her tongue gave
me a momentary shock.  Her hand circled the base of my breast over the rope
binding and squeezed gently as her tongue glided down the surface of my breast. 
Because of the rope binding the surface skin of my breast was stretched tight
and was now very sensitive.  I could feel her tongue with every fibre of my
body.  Her tongue slid along the surface of my breast  until it reached my
elongated nipple.  She flicked her tongue over my nipple and I felt the shock
right through my body.  The ropes tightened as I shuddered against their
restraint. I spasmed with a sudden, unexpected climax. My whole body arched even
tighter as I came.  With my legs held apart as they were I could not hold the
wetness in my body and I could feel the soft liquid oozing around the ropes
which blocked the entrance to my cunt.

As she sucked my nipple into the hot, warm depth of her mouth, pleasuring me
still further, her hand found my wet secret place, the entrance of which was
partly blocked to her by the rope which was now pulled tight between my pussy
lips.  She slid a finger in past the rope and into the wet, clingy softness,
whilst her thumb tickled against the point of my clit, which she had so
carefully positioned between the ropes so that it stood out awaiting her
administrations. I spasmed again at this very intimate touch.  I was beginning
to realise how much more arousal was available to me now than I could ever have
dreamed of.  If any one had said to me before hand that bondage would have had
this effect on me I would have laughed.  Now, as an initiate, I knew
differently.  The bondage had some how centred my physical and emotional needs
together into a super sensitive whole.

She sucked at my breasts for a little while, alternating between the two, all
the while continuing to minister to my clit and pussy with her fingers.  I
seemed to be in constant state of climax.   Then her lips left my breasts and
her hand moved away from between my legs.  I felt totally bereft, unable to
articulate my desire for her to continue because of the face mask and gag. 
However I strained against my bonds, trying to show her that I wanted her to
continue.  

Her hand was  again on my breast, pulling at my nipple to elongate it. Suddenly
an exquisite pain lanced through my body, centred on my nipple.  Something was
gripping it very tightly.  I realised that she had clamped my nipple with
something, probably one of the nipples clamps that she had been wearing when she
arrived.  Her carriage at that time had not indicated to me the severity of the
sensation that their application would have.  Now though I knew for myself.  I
had tried to scream, involuntarily when she had applied the wicked device, but
all that had got passed the gag was a heavy grunt.   She attacked the other
breast in the same way.    I felt like my whole being was
centred on those two points of exquisite pain!!   

In compensation for the pain, Sarah touched my clit with the hard point of a
vibrator.  The unexpectedness of this again had me reacting in a way much
greater than would have been the case if I had  received warning of its
application through my sight.  However, blinded as I was by the head mask I had
received no warning of either assault on my body, neither the painful nor the
pleasurable.  These two feelings warred against each other to get my attention. 
Slowly, the pleasurable won over the painful, turning the pain into an extension
of the pleasure.   I again found that my body was spasming from yet another
climax which racked my abused body from head to toes.  I wondered if it would
never end, I hoped not.  Thank God she had decided to mitigate the torture she
had applied to my breasts with the more exquisite  "torture" that she had
applied to my clitoris.  It was torture because I had no control over it, I
could neither encourage nor discourage her from her ministrations.  It was
exquisite because it had my pleasure centre throbbing with ecstasy.  I could
feel the liquid seepage of my cum trickling down my thigh onto the bed.  No
sooner had I become aware of this than Sarah's tongue started to lap at it, her
tongue tickled as it moved over my skin moving inexorably towards the apex of my
thighs, towards the soft, liquid centre of what was now my total existence.  Her
tongue joined the tip of the vibrator and lapped at the hardened bud of my
female sexuality.  The additional assault on this by now super sensitive
organ caused me to explode into a cum spurting orgasm.  I could feel it jetting
out from between  my legs.  Sarah's ministrations stopped abruptly.  I felt the
bed move as she backed away of the bed.  I was left alone to come down from the
clouds where my earth shattering orgasm had thrown me. 

My orgasmic throws gentled until I was lying exhausted on the bed.  I could feel
my nipples now as a dull throb of sensation.  I wondered where Sarah had gone. 
I wondered if she had left and returned to the office or whether she was in fact
sitting on one of the two armchairs which sat in the window alcove.   I hoped
she had not deserted me. Secured as I was with no hearing and blinded I did not
relish the idea that I might now be on my own!  Gagged  as I still was, I could
not even ask her to speak to me. I hoped fervently that she was still in the
room, keeping an eye on me to make sure that I was OK.

I lay there for some little while, waiting for something to happen.  I had never
been very patient.  Now I was forced into it.  I wriggled from time to time,
trying to keep comfortable, or as comfortable as the restrictions of the bondage
would allow.  I wished Sarah would remove the gag.  Everything else was OK, even
the nipple clamps, but the gag frightened me.  What if I were to choke on my
saliva?  As I considered this possibility, I became more and more restless,
hoping
by my movements to attract Sarah's attention if she was still in fact in the
room.

It was as if my thoughts were parent to here actions because just at this very
moment when I became frighteningly aware of the gag, Sarah's hands were on my
head unfastening the mask and removing it. I blinked as the light from the
window hit my eyes.  Then Sarah blocked out the light as she leaned forward and
gave me a most thorough kiss.  I found myself responding without thought of the
unusual nature of sharing the kind of kiss with her that I had previously only
shared with Frank.  Her tongue was playing in my mouth just as his did when his
prick was hard and he was wanting to fuck me and I found that my reaction was
just the same, I wanted to be fucked.
I wanted to feel a rock hard prick driving into my body.  Sarah had given me a
lot of pleasure and I had climaxed several times in glorious fashion but I was
still unfulfilled.  I still wanted a prick,
any one's prick would do at this moment, but Frank's would be best; it already
knew my cunt so well.

Sarah straightened, sat down on the bed beside me. "Now, tell me all about last
night, every detail.  I want to know what he did, where he did it, what you felt
and don't hold back anything."

So I told her everything.  I told her how he'd tied my hands behind my back with
his necktie.  I told her how he'd tied me to the table and fucked me with the
handles from the skipping rope.  I told her how he'd smacked my bum.  I told her
how he'd fucked my cunt and face while I was tied to the table.  I told her how
he'd made me kneel under the table while he ate his meal and how I'd sucked him
off while he'd eaten. I told her how he's tied me up in the living room in front
of the TV, made me watch a bondage movie in which I now knew she had taken part. 
How he had fucked me in the cunt and ass while we watched the movie.  I told her
how he'd tied me up again after I had showered and how he had fucked me again. 
And I told her that I had loved every minute of it!!!   All this while I lay on
the bed in front of her, tied up in a hog-tie that now seemed almost natural to
me.  I found that I was getting excited again as I described everything that had
happened to me in great detail. Sarah and I had know each other for a long time
had shared our adolescent years, had our first period's together, had double
dated, had shared all our experiences todate, apart from Sarah's trip into
bondage, which she had for some reason kept secret from me.

Sarah grinned at me.

"I told Frank you'd make an ideal slave.  He didn't believe me.  He thought you
were too pure and innocent.  I told him that it was the pure and innocent that
got off best when tied up.  It allows you to drop your shields and to be the
real you, know what I mean.  I've always known you were a hot sexy woman, it
just needed the right man, and Frank's the right man for you, and the right
woman, that's me, to bring out the best in you.  Now we are going to share you.
Frank's invited me to move in with you both, if you agree, so that we can really
go to town!  I can tie you up and you can tie me up and Frank can fuck us both!
How about it?"

"First," I said, "tell me why you kept this secret from me for all these
month's.  We've always shared everything.  You're my best friend and I thought
we had no secrets and now you tell me that
you've been a secret bondage freak for months without telling me!"

"I didn't tell you at first because I was shy.  I thought you would call me a
freak.  Then I couldn't tell you because you were still a virgin and my masters
said that only non-virgins could be initiated
into the club.  Now you and Frank have been married for 3 months, it was time to
test you to see if you were ready.  So last night happened, and you loved it
just as I knew you would.  Now you can
become a member of  the club with me and Frank. Now you have tasted of the
ecstasy you are ready."

" You could have told me, you know, I wouldn't have laughed or anything.  You
know I always wanted to be like you, able to respond sexually without
inhibitions.  Now you must tell me about your first time like this"

Well I was going with Ted at the time and I was getting bored with him.  He took
me to this new club he'd found.  He said he thought I might find it interesting. 
It was called "The Domino".  When we got inside I was amazed.  All the
waitresses and floor hostesses wore neck collars, arm bands, wrist bands, thigh
bands and ankle bands made of leather.  They all wore very short black skirts
and white, see through blouses. Some wore panties, but most didn't. Those that
did were red rubber pants with cut outs through which their fannies stuck out! 
When they bent over the tables to deliver drinks or  collect empty glasses they
made a point of keeping their legs straight and bent forward from the waist in
such a way as to ensure that their short skirts rode up above the round cheeks
of their backsides to clearly show every one near enough to see whether or not
they were wearing panties.

Only a few  of them wore bra and those that did were shiny black rubber with
holes through which their nipples protruded.  Most of the hostesses had pierced
nipples including all the girls who wore the rubber bra.  Some wore studs
through them but there were several who sported gold rings with linking chains. 
There were even two with padlocks hanging from their nipple rings!

 In the centre of the room, hanging above the dance floor were two gilded cages. 
Inside each were two naked girls gyrating to the music. They had nipple rings,
belly button rings and rings through their  labia.  The amazing thing was that
these girls were connected by light chains running between them, attached to the
opposite ring on their partner! I tell you they had to be careful not to pull
too hard on those chains or they could have done them selves some serious
damage. I can tell you  they were often pulled tight between them with very
interesting results!  I felt quite over dressed I can tell you, and under
decorated with only simple ear rings.  

The bar men wore tight leather trousers, their chests naked.  They all sported
at least one nipple ring.

I found myself getting all hot again as she described the scene.  I closed my
eyes so that I could visualise it better.  The picture that formed behind my
eyelids was spectacular in its depravity.  In my imagination the guys were all
naked with rings through the end of their cocks.  Well fair's fair after all!

Sarah continued. "The walls were all decorated with painting of, well let me
describe them as damsels in distress.  There were pictures of fair maidens from
the middle ages strapped to rocks while dragons breathed fire near by. There
were science fiction style pictures of scantily clad woman bound hand and foot
being carried over the shoulders of alien monsters.  And there were modern
photographs of nubile woman bound to posts, fastened into stocks and stretched
out on
racks, dangling from mettle rings in dungeons lit only by the  red from hot
braziers.  All these woman were of course stark naked!"

"I looked around and found that all this sexual display was getting me excited. 
As I watched one of the waitresses bend over a table I saw one of the men put
his hand in-between her legs.  She put down the glass she was about to lift,
reached over to the far edge of the table and gripped the edge with her hands,
and let him feel her up.  I watched as his fingers disappeared into her body and
she made no effort to stop him.  The two other guys sitting at the table each
cupped one of her breasts through the fabric of her blouse and the woman sitting
on the far side of the table leaned forward to kiss the waitress.  I looked
around to see what the reaction of the other guests was.  Every body ignored
them!  I hoped there were no coppers in.  I tell you something, though, I found
out later that the guy with his hand in the waitress's cunt was the local chief
superintendent of police.  He was a founder member of the club along with the
chief justice."  Sarah grinned.  "His wife was the woman kissing the waitress. 
She's a great believer in what's good for the gander's also good for the goose. 
She's a great lady.  Well preserved for her age, she is too,  loves a good
fucking and she makes one hell of a noise when she cums.  Grant has to gag her
to keep the noise level down."

"We spent the evening there. Ted introduced me to several of the waitresses and
some of the men.  That was where I was introduced to my present boss.  He's the
super's brother and was one of  the other men at the table.  We sat at one of
the tables near the back of the club where we could see everything that was
going on and we talked about it.  That was when he told me that the club was a
bondage club. He told me that there were private rooms up stairs where members
could take their guests and indulge in their fantasies.  He told me that all the
photographs on display had been  taken in the private rooms. The dungeon ones
had been taken in the cellars which were a religious
duplicate of some dungeons that the super had seen in a Spanish castle.  He had
improved them by adding central heating for the comfort of the members and had
added electricity for lighting and to
power certain special devices that he had installed, but in every other way they
were true replicas of the Spanish Dungeons. I asked him if he would like to take
me to one of the private rooms.  He did, so we did and I found I enjoyed it."

She stopped talking.  "Come on, Sarah," I said, "You can't stop there.  Its just
getting interesting.  Please, please tell me what he did."

Sarah grinned.  "Impatient little thing aren't you. Well you're going to have to
learn to be patient now, my little slave."

"When we got up to the room, which was quite large with a double bed in the
middle, he just had me take of my dress and shoes, "Sarah obligingly continued.
"I was wearing  that red dress. you know the one, that makes my breast seem
bigger than they are because of the underwiring in the bust.  It also presents
my tits on a platter as you know.  I was only wearing suspenders and stockings
with red panties under the dress.  He told me not to bother taking them off but
just to
lie down on the bed.  He tied me spread eagled with my wrists to the top corners
and my ankles to the bottom of the bed.  He knelt over me and while I sucked his
cock he played with my breasts and then my cunt, just pushing my pants out of
the way.  Some guys get off on fucking you when you're partly clothed, you know. 
Ted's one of them.  He never let's me get completely naked and there's nothing
he likes better than taking me up an alleyway some where and just lifting my
dress and fucking me like that. He's fucked me in store rooms off busy
corridors, in the toilet at the cinema, (I'll tell you about that later), in
more than one lift, and in the corridor of a moving train but none of these
turned me one quite as much as being tied to a bed in what was, after all,
almost a public place.  I found that being restricted like that was a great turn
on. He eventually got round to fucking me but not before I was begging him to
finish me off.  I think that's the best thing about being tied up, it encourages
the guys to play around with us before they eventually do their bit and actually
get to the good old fashioned fucking.   Since then  we've progressed to more
adventurous bondage. And of course I took the job with super Dick and his
cronies so there's never a dull day now, apart from that time of the month. 
That problem hasn't changed much.  Though bondage is still practical then its no
fun for either party.  However, that's when I sometimes move over to the Dom
side of things.  I may not be able to receive sexual entry at that time, but I
can still get off on tying others up and am quite capable of using my mouth to
good advantage."

Sarah decided that it was time now to get me ready for Frank so she removed all
the ropes releasing me from the ankle spreader and removed the nipple clamps. 
What a relief there removal brought to me.  Their relentless pressure had made
it impossible for me to forget about them except when I was in the full flood of
the orgasm Sarah had induced with the vibrator


Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.
If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at
Master2124@Hotmail.com




Discovering Bondage Part 2
By Master2124

Sarah went to the drawers and delved into them until she found one of my sexy
playsuits that were open at crotch and breast. In fact there were two large
round holes in the bodice through which the whole of my breasts could be seen.
It was a shiny red wet-look material, very soft and clingy.  She threw it across
to me.  "Put this on, " she commanded me and nip down to the kitchen and make us
both a nice drink while I change the sheets. Can't have you lying in your own
cum for the next couple of hours can we?"

So off I went obediently, happy to know that I would be lying on clean sheets at
least.

When I returned we sat and drank the coffee I had made and talked a little about
every day things. 

After we had finished our drinks she lifted up the rubber facemask with its
dildo gag. "I told you that Frank wants you to wear this, didn't I?" I nodded
not liking the idea that I would be gagged while waiting for Frank to come home. 
I watched as she did something with the inside of the mask and saw that she was
removing the dildo gag, the eye patches and the ear patches.  She pulled the
hood over my head.  This time my ears were covered but I could still hear
through the thin rubber.  There were cut outs in the rubber for my eyes and
mouth.

 She told me to lie down on my back on the centre of the bed and to stretch my
arms out to the corners.  She picked up one rope and fastened several loops
around my right wrist, pulled the rope towards the top right corner of the bed
pulling my arm straight and tied it round the bed leg.   Taking a knife she cut
the rope at that point. Moving over to the other side of the bed she did the
same with my left wrist. Having done that she moved down to the bottom of the
bed and took hold of my left ankle pulled my body taught against the wrist
bondage and tied my ankle to the bottom of the bed. She did the same with my
right ankle.  I was now spread in a tight X on the bed with my wide-open cunt
pointing towards the door. The bed had a headboard but no footboard so I was
clearly visible from the doorway.

"That's the regular spread eagle that almost every Master likes," she told me. 
You're nice and vulnerable, ready for a good fucking when he wants to get on
with it.  The nice thing about it is that you are nice and comfortable.  The bad
thing is he can leave you like this for hours and not be worried about you.
Still as long as you have nice memories then waitings not a problem, just
requires some patience, and patience is something you're going to learn a lot
about."

"Now to make you a little more decorative and at the same time had a little more
tension to you're pretty body."

She tied a loop of rope around my left arm just above the elbow, ran it down
across the bed and then tied it around my thigh just above my knee, pulling the
intervening rope tight, and thus put pressure on my arm and leg. She then ran
this across between my opened legs and tied it of around my right thigh, again
pulling the intervening rope tight. From there she ran it up to my right arm,
and tied it off just above my elbow, again pulling it tight between. She then
took the rope across above my head and tied it off with the first loop on my
left arm. I thought she would finish there but didn't. 

Our bed is different than most in that it has legs at the four corners but it
also has legs at the mid point on all four sides.  I now discovered that these
extra legs could come in very useful as anchor points for bondage.  From my left
arm Sarah took the rope back to the centre top of the bed, down and ran a loop
around the centre leg and back up to the middle loop on my right arm. From there
she took the rope first down to the middle leg on the right side of the bed,
then back to my thigh, then down to the leg in the middle bottom of the bed,
back up to my left thigh, then to the centre leg on the left side and back up to
my left arm.  Now my arms and legs were being pulled in four different
directions by the ropes, and of course, a fifth direction by the natural forces
of my body! 

Sarah walked around the bed, viewing her work from all directions. 

"You look fabulous, " she told me.  "Very sexy too, with your cunt still wet
from our fun and games. Frank will love it.  Now I must be off, back to the
office.  I'll be back tonight, and you can tell me all about it"

And she left me there!!!

I hoped she locked the door on the way out, I hated the idea that just anyone
could come in and find me like this. At least I thought I did, though the more I
thought about it the less sure that I was.  After listening to Sarah's
descriptions earlier of bondage sex at the office, I really found myself
thinking about other men seeing me like this and of what they would do if the
found me.  I looked towards the bedroom window.  The curtains were open.  I
wondered if our neighbours across the road could see in and what they would say
if they did. June was a sexy thing and Ted her man was a hunk, but we had not
been here long enough to get to know them well.

I allowed my mind to go back over the last twenty-four hours that had so changed
my life.  Yesterday at this time I had been a normal housewife new to the job
and just beginning to find out what needed to be done, now I was Frank's sex
slave and Sarah was about to move in with us! I assumed that as she and Frank
both worked I would end up being housewife to both of them.  It was obvious I
was going to be sex slave to both of them.  They were far more conversant with
all this than I was.   For a moment I felt resentful but then I remembered how
both Frank and Sarah had made absolutely certain that I got off on all this and
that I got pleasure out of it. I remembered how many shattering orgasms had
rocked my body over the last twelve hours and the resentment slipped away to be
replaced with a warm feeling of well being. And a new thought, "If I was going
to spend so much time tied up as Sarah predicted, I wouldn't have that much time
for housework, so Sarah would have to do her share.  After all, being tied to a
bed all day could be classed as work!"

I lay there for some time waiting.  From time to time I had to move a little to
try to change my position a little to relieve some of the tension.  I didn't
have much room for movement pulled tight as I was by all the ropes pulling in so
many different directions, but I did manage, by pulling against a particular set
to at least move some of my muscles so that I didn't get cramp.  It also gave me
something to do while I waited.... and waited ... and waited.   Next time,
because I knew there would be a next time, I determined that I would insist that
they at least left me some music to listen to, or the radio on, or the TV or
even, if push came to shove, a video like the one Frank had put on last night
when he had me hog-tied in front of the settee.  In fact, tied up like this,
maybe that would be a good idea; it would help to warm me up for what ever might
follow!!

Sarah had tied me to the bed at 10.45.  It was 12.30 by the time Frank arrived
home.  He came straight up stairs and stood at the door and looked at me.

"Beautiful, absolutely beautiful" he said.  "Sexy and beautiful, my little sex
slave. I love the way your best parts are so readily available in that outfit. 
Knowing you were lying here waiting for me has kept me hard as a rock all
morning.  Sarah rang me to tell me that she had been over."  He walked into the
room as he talked, shedding his clothes on the way.  "She tells me you're really
hot stuff and that she enjoyed fucking about with you this morning before
getting you ready for me."  He sat down on the bed, leaned down and kissed me
thoroughly, his hand going to my yawning cunt, his fingers sinking into my
softness his thumb playing with my already aroused clitoris.
His tongue entered my mouth in rhythm with his fingers in my cunt. After a
moment he stopped kissing me but continued frigging me. "She tells me that she
found you naked and tied into the spreader bar.  You must have put that on
yourself then?" he questioned.  I nodded in the affirmative, not speaking, just
concentrating on the pleasure I was deriving from the ministration of his
fingers.  "She tells me that she hog-tied you and fucked you with a vibrator
after she nipple clamped you. And she tells me you enjoyed it and came several
times. She tells me that you have also agreed that she can move in with us."  

I hadn't agreed that Sarah could move in but then neither had I disagreed. I had
nodded when she said that she would see me tonight and murmured OK so Sarah must
have decided that I had accepted her suggestion.  I didn't disagree with him.  I
quite liked the idea of Sarah living with us, after all, she was the one who had
made it possible for me to find myself this way, it more ways than one.  In
addition she knew me very well and what I liked and didn't like.  I trusted her
and I now knew that I also wanted her sexually.  So the idea of Sarah living
with us turned me on.  I wondered where she would be sleeping most.  We had a
king size bed, easily large enough to accommodate three for love making, but I
didn't think that we would be sharing that when it came to sleeping.  We also
had two guest rooms, both with double beds so there were alternatives that we
would have to explore, but enough of that later. Right now Frank was demanding
my full attention.

He climbed onto the bed and knelt above my head.  He leaned forward so that his
prick was dangling in my face.  He stretched himself over me so that he could
take my clitoris into his mouth.  I lifted my head slightly and took his balls
into my mouth and began to play gently with them with my teeth and tongue. I
could have taken his prick into my mouth, and I had been tempted to do so
momentarily, but then decided against it.  I didn't want him to come until he'd
serviced me properly.  All that foreplay earlier with Sarah had made me very
desirous of his prick in my cunt, buried to the hilt with his balls banging
against my tender flesh as he ended his stroke into me.  So I concentrated my
attention on his balls, knowing that this would please him, but hopefully, would
not result in him ejaculating prematurely down my throat instead of into my
cunt.

I was enjoying his attentions and I was thrusting my hips up towards him as much
as I could in the tight bondage.  The movement I achieved wasn't much but he was
aware of it.  I could tell by the twitching of his prick against my face.

He was nipping gently at my clitoris as his fingers continued to pump
rhythmically in and out of my wet folds making soft sucking noises.  I was
beginning to grunt a little as his ministrations pushed me up towards the crest. 
I wanted him to stop and replace his fingers with his prick, but at the same
time I wanted him to continue for I was truly enjoying myself.  What a dilemma
to be in.  Whichever choice he made I would have pleasure.  If it wasn't for his
balls in my mouth I might have been tempted to call out to him to fuck me.  I
didn't, instead I sucked harder on his bag, tapping the hard skin in my mouth
with the tip of my tongue.  Then I hit my peak and my mouth jerked open as the
effect of the explosion flowed through me and I practically screamed with
ecstasy.  My whole body went rigid against the bonds that held me to the bed, as
I spasmed uncontrollably in my climax.  I knew that I must be spurting my cum
into his face which was still buried between my legs but I didn't care. I could
only feel and I felt as if the world had just shattered into a thousand
incandescent pieces. It was glorious in its majesty.

When I came down from cloud 12 (He'd blown me much higher than cloud 9!) it was
to see him kneeling between my legs, leaning on his hands that were placed on
either side of my waist. He was waiting until I was with him before he moved on
to the stage that we had been building up to.

"Do you want me to fuck you're cunt, slave?" He asked me in a commanding voice. 
He was giving the impression that he was giving me a choice but we both new the
reality was that I had no choice, even if I said no I was in no position to stop
him if he decided to go ahead anyway.  Not that any of that mattered at the
moment, I was terrifyingly conscious that all I was at the moment was a sex
object and I actually didn't mind, in fact I was glorying in that fact.  I was
also glorying in the fact that I was the object of all his passion.

"Yes, Master I whispered. "Please fuck my cunt master.  Please fuck me hard, I
need you so much I am bursting. Please fuck me now. Don't make me wait, Master."
I had fallen into the role he wanted me to play with no hesitation.  It seemed
so natural.

He obliged thrust himself hard into me until he was buried deep into my moist
body.  His balls rapped against the sensitive strip between my stretched open
legs, causing me to gasp at the delightful sensation this induced. He slowly
pumped in and out of my heated centre seeming to pull my soul out with each
outward stroke and then to push it right back into my body with the inward
stroke.  The rocking movement required for this action stroked his pelvic bone
against my already highly sensitive clitoris, ensuring that the tide of desire
would rise again. He leaned down and took my left nipple gently but firmly
between his teeth and with each outward stroke leaned backwards stretching my
breast upwards, then with each inward stroke he leaned forward releasing the
pressure on my breast as he did so.  He continued this way for several moments,
watching me to see my reaction.  I found that the twin sensations blended well
together keeping my mind concentrated on those parts of my body with which he
was taking and giving pleasure.  I rose again to another peak, my climax coming
over me in slow waves, each wave causing my cuntal muscles to contract as much
as they were able in my wide spread position.  If I hadn't been spread so wide,
I would have been able to grip his pinus and extract his climax from him, as it
was the muscle spasm within my cunt only served to massage his pinus into
greater rigidity, much to his obvious pleasure.  He continued his piston strokes
gradually speeding up, each thrust helping to stoke my climax to a higher fever
pitch.

Frank stiffened, thrusting himself hard into me as he reached his own climax. 
The force of his entry lifted my lower body up from the bed to the full extent
of the ropes' elasticity. I pressed upwards with all my force to ensure that his
penetration was complete.  Our combined explosion had enough power, I felt
certain, to light up the whole city.  It was glorious.

When he had recovered from his climax he climbed off the bed and retired to the
shower where he cleansed himself prior to returning to work. I was his lunchtime
break, now he was going to return to his daily toil.  While he was in the shower
I lay there on the bed still strung tight, with his cum and mine mingled seeping
out from me and pooling on the bed between my wide spread legs.  He hadn't even
bothered to wipe me down.

He came out of the shower room and gathered together his fallen clothing that he
pitched into the linen basket.  He selected clean clothes and dressed in
preparation for his return to work.

"Sarah will be back shortly to clean you up. I'll be back later." With that
cryptic comment he bent down and gave me a thorough kiss, fondling my breast as
he did so. Then left!

My first day in bondage ended just after 4 p.m. when Sarah returned to release
me.  I had slept after Frank left despite the restriction of the bondage,
physically drained from all the activity.  The 18 hours previous had seen me
involved in the most intense sexual activity of my whole life.  I had climaxed
more times within that short period than I had in any previous week, possibly
even month before.  If this could be repeated I would be ecstatic.  I wondered
if it ever would though.  I remembered when I had first started to go with
Frank, we'd had some pretty mind blowing sex then, too, but it had eventually
slowed down as we got to know each other.  Maybe this time, though it would be
different, for it seemed that his intentions were that it wouldn't just be the
two of us.  May be the inclusion of others in our sex life would help to keep
the novelty alive.

While I slept I dreamt the most erotic dreams I had ever had.  I dreamt I was
Sleeping Beauty, tied to a large Royal bed while a long line of possible suitors
lined up, cocks rampant, to take their turn to try to awaken me, not with the
fairy tale kiss, but by fucking my wide spread body.  Each of the princes
climbed naked onto the bed between my thighs and fucked my unresponsive body
until they came. The royal princes were forbidden to allow their semen to enter
my body so they withdrew at the last moment splattering my body with their cum.
None of them were successful in awakening me.   Then at the end of the queue
there appeared a pantomime prince, a beautiful young woman dressed in tight
sweater top and shiny shorts.  When she reached the head of the queue she
climbed onto the bed, licked my body clean of all the accumulated male semen
then proceeded to suck at my clitoris. The result was inevitable. I awoke my
body pressing upwards towards her tongue to find, of course, that Sarah was
kneeling naked between my legs paying homage to my centre of ecstasy!!

Sarah realised I was now awake and looked up at me and smiled. "Isn't this a
nice way to wake up?" she asked me.   "I love it when it happens to me."  I made
a mental note to return the compliment if the opportunity offered, which I felt
certain it would.

"Now lets enjoy ourselves, " she said to me with a huge smile on her face.

With that she moved to place herself in a 69 position above my bound body so
that I could service her in the same way she was servicing me, except that she
had an advantage, she could use her hands to assist whilst I could only use my
tongue and mouth.  Quickly I discovered that she had a second advantage, free as
she was she could choose to lift her head away from my body to allow the natural
art of breathing, my face was buried in her slit by the very fact that Sarah was
practically lying across my face. The little freedom of movement I had meant
that Sarah had total control over everything that happened.  My struggles to
move my face so that I could breath added to Sarah's pleasure simply by the fact
of where my face was!!!  Being a woman she knew well what would be most
effective in bring me off.  It didn't need much. The erotic dreams I had awoken
from already had me lit up. Her tongue working together with her fingers quickly
brought me to a spurting climax.  She drank my cum, then lifted herself off my
face and proceeded to calmly release me.

We shared a shower together giggling as we talked about the day. Sarah then
asked if it was OK for her to move in.  I told her that there was nothing I
would like more, after all she was my best friend and the one who had introduced
both Frank and I to bondage that had made such a spectacular change to my life
over the last two days.  I wanted more of what I had been getting these last two
days.  I had never been fucked more soundly, never cum so hard, nor been made
love to by a woman before in the way that I had in the last two days.  I was hot
for more of the same. 

When we had completed our shower we got dressed in jeans and tee shirts to do
the necessary work to prepare the one of the spare bedrooms for Sarah to move in
to.  That didn't require too much work, I kept it ready for any visitors that
Frank might bring home from work, which he had occasionally done.  I wondered
now if the next time he brought a friend home from work whether he would let him
fuck me while I was tied up.  I found that the thought excited me beyond reason. 
Never before today had I had thoughts of being fucked by another man but Sarah's
descriptions of what went on at her office and the bondage club had firmly
implanted the possibility in my mind and it had taken root in the fertile ground
it found there.

Afterwards we went over to the flat Sarah had been sharing with Kathy from her
office.  I helped her to pack a case with clothes for the next couple of days
and we agreed that we would come back the following day with boxes from the
supermarket to load up the rest of her things.  When we had packed a suitcase
with the normal clothes that Sarah would need, she pulled out a second case and
opened a large drawer under her bed from which she began to take a number of
items that fascinated me.  The first was a set of nine buckled straps attached
together by a number of linked chains. "This is a spreader set," she told me,
"The straps are fastened around your ankles, thighs, wrist and upper arms, and
the last one goes around you're neck.  The chains can be attached in various
ways, short to keep you in a tight hog-tie, long to allow you to work.  I've
even been hung from the ceiling at the bondage club by them.  I was pulled into
a tight hog-tie and the hook was attached into the gathered chains at the small
of my back and the just hoisted me up.  I was just at the right height for the
guys to stand in front of me so that I could suck their cocks.  I was also just
at the right height to be fucked by anyone standing behind me.  I tell you, its
something to be fucked while you're swinging from the ceiling!!"  I was getting
hot thinking about it!

Sarah had filled her suitcase with all the bondage sets that she had collected. 
The last item she pulled from the drawer however she did not pack but left it on
the bed.  She then ordered me to strip.  I did so my eyes on the item she had
left on the bed.  She had turned to the table behind her and picked up a shaker
of powder that she shook into the rubber cat suit.  She then greased the two
dildos situated in the crotch.  The suit had a zip that ran from the rear above
the ass to the neck for ease of dressing but otherwise it looked as if it would
fit like a second skin.  I sat down on the edge of the bed and Sarah knelt down
in front of me to help me to get the suit on. The powder helped the rubber to
slip over my skin.  It was a lot easier to put on then I thought.  The soft
rubber stretched quite easily up my legs and snapped comfortable back into
position.  When we got to the crotch Sarah firmly, but gently inserted the butt
plug first, then after giving my clit a good sucking to bring it to full
attention, she slipped in the front dildo into my cunt and pulled the suit up my
body. The seat and bodice had cut outs for my ass cheeks and breasts, which
Sarah eased through the holes.  The dividing strip between my ass cheeks forced
them apart and out through the rubber, the rubber ring around the breast cut
outs compressed the base of my breasts just as had the rope breast bondage the
night before pulling the skin of my breasts tight. She helped me to slip my arms
into the sleeves and then went behind me to draw up the zip from the cleft of my
ass to the neck.  My body was now tightly clasped in the grip of the rubber
suit.

It was a strange, yet pleasant sensation.  I looked in the full-length mirror
that Sarah had on the door of her wardrobe.  The black rubber exaggerated the
curves of my body especially the nip of my waist and the thrust of my ass and
breasts. Standing sideways on the black of the rubber gave stark outline to the
pink of my exposed ass and breasts. 

Sarah pulled my arms behind me and tied my wrists together and then my arms
above my elbows, causing my breasts to push firmly forward.  She reached into
one of her drawers and came out with the final touch, nipple clamps joined by a
fine chain that she proceeded to apply. She threw my clothes into a carrier and
told me that I would be travelling back to the house as I was!  Thank God that
Sarah had a private garage and her own car.  Then she shocked me by picking up
the phone and ordering a taxi!!! I protested volubly, so she pulled out a strap
from her case that had a ball in the middle and proceeded to gag me.  I didn't
resist, I quiet licked the idea of travelling like this, and it turned me on the
idea that some stranger would be treated to a sight of my partly naked body.  I
wondered if Frank and Sarah would invite him in when we got home and make me
suck him off instead of paying his fare.  He wouldn't be able to fuck me but I
could service him. It would be easy enough for them to remove my gag.  I hoped
so but now I was gagged I couldn't suggest it.

Sarah changed out of the jeans and T-shirt she had been wearing and pulled on a
black leather dress that made her look absolutely fabulous.  It was halter
necked with some kind of internal support that pushed her breasts up and made
them look larger than they actually were. The bra was half cup and her nipples
showed clearly above the edge, in fact when I looked closer, I saw that they
rested in little v cut-outs in the edge of the cup. There were two little
strings in the front of each cup that she tied around the base of each nipple!!
The waist was shaped and had a wide belt that she buckled tightly.  The skirt
was short, finishing just below her crotch.  I was sure that if she bent down it
would rise above her bottom. She wore no panties so her cunt was naked. She
pulled on thigh boots made of soft leather that conformed to the shape of her
legs.  There were straps around the tops that she quickly fastened. Then she
hooked her finger in the chain linking my breasts and gently led me to the door
to await the taxi.

The taxi arrived.  The driver stopped in the street outside the door. He climbed
out and came forward to knock on the door.  He looked like any other taxi
driver.  He was handsome in a rugged kind of way.

Sarah opened the door to his knock.  He took her in his arms and kissed her very
thoroughly, his left hand cupping her cunt. She positively purred.  Well at
least the taxi driver wasn't a total stranger, I didn't know him but Sarah
certainly did.

When he finished kissing Sarah, he turned to me.  "Nice face, I love the way the
gag improves the lines.  Nice tits." He fondled my breasts. "Love the rubber
casing." His hands smoothed down my body and around to my protruding ass cheeks.
"Nice ass. It needs a little warming up though."  He slapped my ass a couple of
times. "I'm going to enjoy you, cunt," he told me.  "Frank tells me you're in
the club, now.  That means, like Sarah and Kathy, you're now available to the
group for sex and bondage, whatever they want in fact.  Frank will be
introducing you officially on Friday.  In the meantime, enjoy yourself. I can't
wait.  You look like you'll be a good fuck."  I was shocked at Frank's
callousness in making me communal property, but some how it fit in with the
slave image I had begun to build for myself in my mind.

He turned around and preceded us to the taxi where Sarah helped me to climb in
to the rear compartment.  She sat me in the bucket seat in the front of the
compartment and strapped me in.   he then sat on the long leather seat at the
rear of the compartment facing me. She lifted her foot and rested it in my
crotch, pressing the toe of her boot under me so that she could apply a little
leverage to help the dildo press deeper into my cunt.  She rocked her foot,
watching my face as she did so.  My eyes lowered to her crotch to watch her hand
as she played with herself as the taxi drove through the town to my house.  The
taxi driver had gone into Sarah's apartment and collected the two cases that he
put into the trunk then got into the front and drove off.  He took the long
route to our house, driving through the busiest part of town.  I found myself
getting quite excited at the possibility that total strangers might look into
the car and see these two strangely dressed, half naked women in the throes of
sexual activity.

It took about fifteen to twenty minutes for the journey to our house. All that
time Sarah continued to play with herself and rocked her foot under my crotch. 
By the time we reached the house we were both well warmed up.

The taxi dropped us off at the end of the street.  We were going to walk down my
street to my house, half naked, strangely dressed, and me with my arms tied
behind me and my naked breasts adorned by nipple clamps joined together by a
chain which Sarah was gently tugging to ensure that I followed her whether I
wanted to or not.  My naked ass felt even more naked as I was paraded publicly
down my own street for all my neighbours to see me in my new servitude.  I was
horrified and would have cried out in protest if it hadn't been for the ball gag
stretching my lips apart in a wide grimace.  I had been turned on by the idea of
a some stranger seeing me like this; I found I was even more turned on by the
idea that my neighbours might be looking out of their windows to see me walking
down the street like this.  I imagined what I would do if that hunk from number
8 saw me.  Would he take it as a signal to come round when Frank was out to see
if I was tied up at home.  I imagined him coming in through the kitchen door to
find me tied naked and spread bent back over the kitchen table, naked and with
my legs open in invitation, my cunt on the edge of the table just at the right
height for him to stick his big prick into.  I was getting very hot at this
dream.  What was I coming to, three days ago I would no more have imagined
myself being fucked by another man than I would have imagined myself conducting
the Philemonic Orchestra.  Now here I was not only imaging it but, I suddenly
realised, that what I was imaging could even happen!! That thought had me cuming
there on the street.  I stopped walking because I couldn't walk another step; my
body was ridged with the power of my sudden climax.  Sarah looked back, saw my
face, realised what was happening and grinned delightedly.

She waited patiently until I got myself under control enough to continue the,
thankfully, short walk now to the house. I was now a little embarrassed at my
conduct.  I was like a bitch on heat, so blatant was I becoming in my sexual
arousal.  I seemed to be getting excited so very easily now.  Bondage seemed to
have removed all my inhibitions.

We got to the house and Sarah opened the door and led me in.  She closed the
door, turned removed the ball gag, took me in her arms and kissed me thoroughly,
her hands clasping my ass cheeks, squeezing the flesh hard as her tongue played
a merry tune in my mouth. I enjoyed her kiss.  I was beginning to get used to
the idea that I must be bi-sexual or something, the way I was reacting to Sarah. 
I had the usual adolescent fantasies about other girls but my main preoccupation
had always been with the lads in my class.  It was the lads around whom I weaved
my sexual dreams.  Now I was finding that I could be and in fact was turned on
by Sarah, who had been my best friend for years, but who had never made any
sexual advances to me before Frank had tied me up. Now here we were in a very
sexual embrace that I was enjoying far more than I would ever have expected.

Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.
If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at
Master2124@Hotmail.com




Discovering Bondage Part 3
By Master2124

When we arrived at the house Sarah led me through to the garage out back where
she led me up stairs.  At the top of the stairs was a door that I had never been
through. Jack had told me it led into the large attic in the roof.  He had told
me it was dirty and pretty gloomy and had promised me we would be able to make a
room up there someday.  An so as to fulfil his promise he and his friends from
work had been in and out with timber and stuff but he said I was allowed to see
it until it was finished.

Sarah opened the door and pushed me through in front of her and told me to climb
up the narrow stairs I found there.  I did so and found a large brightly lit
room at the top of the stairs.  In it were several pieces of strange looking
furniture.  As I walked around I saw what looked like an old fashioned rack, a
couple of what looked like stocks, a metal framework of tubes much like
scaffolding, and a couple of metal cages, plus, of course, a double bed.  There
was also a large platform at one end positioned under a couple of beams that ran
width ways under the roof.

Sarah let me look around and then suggested I try one of these contraptions.  I
was too surprised to comment or to resist as she took me over to one of the
stocks.  The waist height stock part only had one hole; there was a second part
to the stock set just above floor level.  This had several pairs of holes set at
different distances from the median.  Sarah opened both parts of the stocks and
told me to step into the holes on the horizontal stock that were set furthest
apart.  I did so with some difficulty because the spread was quite wide.  Sarah
closed this stock and secured it with a large padlock.

Having secured my ankles within the stock to her satisfaction, she instructed me
to bend and place my neck into the vertical. I tried to do so but my feet in the
horizontal stock were too far away for me to accomplish this.  Sarah eased the
horizontal stock forward gently, until I was able to place my neck in the hole.
It was lined with soft kidskin, to give me as much comfort as possible. She
lowered the boom down over my neck and secured it in place with a second large
padlock.

Sarah then brought over a box frame on wheels that she positioned over me. She
kicked at a catch on each wheel, firmly setting them in place.  The top of the
frame had a moveable hoist attached.  I had seen Frank using it for lifting
engines out of cars when he was doing "homers".  She positioned the pulley
behind me and lowered the hook until she was able to link it into the wrist tie. 
Pulling on the chain that worked the pulley resulted in my hands being pulled
towards the ceiling. This put a strain on my shoulders but it ensured that I
would not be trying to lower my bottom.  I was now firmly fixed into position
bent over for whatever plans she had for me.

Sarah moved round in front of me with something black hanging from a short
chain.  The chain had a hook on the opposite end to the black thing which Sarah
informed me was a lead weight.  She fixed the hook in the middle of the chain
joining the nipple clamps and then gently lowered it until the chain was fully
extended then released it.  The weight pulled on the nipple clamps extending my
nipples and pulling my breasts downwards.

She stood in front of me with her legs spread, removed the gag and ordered me to
bring her off again.  I noticed that she had this whip hanging from her right
hand. It had a dildo shaped handle and a number of rubber straps dangling from
it.

"I am going to encourage you to make me cum by using this on your ass, "she told
me.  "Just so you know, it won't leave any marks, but it will sting.  She
proceeded to demonstrate.  My ass cheeks stung from the whips, and I hoped that
she was right about the marks.  I didn't fancy the idea of welts on my ass, it
would make sitting down very painful.

She continued to slap my naked ass cheeks, alternating from on to the other,
whilst my tongue was busy on her naked twat.  She must have been excited or my
technique was improving because it wasn't long before she was thrusting herself
into my face as she came hard, squealing as she did so.

She slid down onto her knees on the floor in front of me and stared glassy eyed
into my face. Gradually she came back down from her orgasm. Then she grinned at
me, picked up my gag and re-gagged me.

Sarah left me there tightly secured in the stocks, my ass red from the spanking,
my nipples extended by the weight dangling from the chain joining the nipple
clamps, my ass and cunt filled with hard rubber and my mouth distended by the
ball gag.  My arms drawn above me the way they were soon caused my shoulder
muscles to ache with the strain imposed on them adding to the two other areas of
gentle pain.  I could only wait and contemplate my fate.  Positioned as I was I
couldn't even bend my knees, for to do so put an intolerable pressure on my
arms.  So I just had to stand there bent at the waist, my legs spread and my
naked ass cheeks protruding from the rubber of the body suit, their globes
separated by the thick rubber strip which held the dildos firmly in place in my
body. The soft latex clung to my skin and I sweated gently.   I could see myself
on the screen of my imagination just as I must look to anyone who might enter
this playroom that Frank and his friends had built secretly. The picture that I
could see in my mind's eye was so vivid that it was keeping me turned on.  This
together with all the enlarged photographs of Sarah and me in sexual bondage
that were pasted to the walls in front of my eyes.  I moved my head as much as I
was able to contemplate the various pictures.  I wondered how many others would
join the photo gallery over the next few weeks.  How many would be of me being
fucked by men other than my husband?  Would all the men I could see in the
pictures who had fucked Sarah whilst she was in bondage get to do the same to
me?  I hoped so!!!  Up to now there had only been one man in my life, but I had
fantasised over others.  Now I looked as if I would get to live out those
fantasises.   

Sarah left me there for what seemed like hours.  When she returned she wasn't
alone. Frank was with her.  Frank led Sarah over to the centre of the room in
front of me.

She was now totally naked except for rings through her pierced nipples,
bellybutton and clit and labia lips.  These rings were joined together by a
network of fine chains.  She was also wearing a leather collar in the front of
which was a large ring through which the chain ran linking to the nipple rings. 
The chains that ran through the cunt rings ran on to end at rings let into the
leather of her thigh cuffs.  Her arms were strapped behind her and a chain ran
from the clit ring, between her legs to end in the metal link between the wrist
cuffs.  She made a pretty sight with her wonderfully trim figure adorned by this
tracery of fine chain, leather and rings.  The outfit was finished off with a
wide leather waist belt that was cinched as tight as it could comfortably (?) go
which made her waist very trim.  She was now wearing knee length form fitting
leather boots with heels that must have been 6 or 7 inches high.  Frank led her
over to stand beneath one of the hanging pulleys from which dangled a rope with
a metal spring catch on the end that he lowered behind her and hooked into the
link between the wrist cuffs.  He turned her to face me then set the small
electric motor to tighten the rope and pull her arms upwards, forcing her to
bend like me.  In addition this pulling tightened the chain that ran between her
legs and back to her clit ring.  This pulled her clit into a tight fleshy cone
and back between her legs, which looked very painful to me. Frank went to a
cabinet let into one of the walls and came back with a rod of wood from the ends
of which dangles a couple of leather straps.  He knelt behind Sarah and fastened
her ankles into the straps.  She was now standing bent well forward with her
legs held spread well apart by the wooden rod.

Frank stood up and walked over to a walk in closet where he removed his clothes
and hung them up behind the door.  He then stood looking at us, his cock
standing proudly to attention, contemplating, I was certain, which of us he was
going to fuck.  He chose to come over to me and remove the ball gag.  Having
done so he took a firm hold of my hair and placed his cock against my lips.  I
opened them and took him into my mouth.  I closed my lips around his the bulb of
his firm rod and played my tongue against the hole in its end.  He sighed
gently, leaned forward over the headboard and took my breasts in his hand,
playing with the nipples, tugging gently at the clamps so that the weight swung
backwards and forwards beneath my body. "That's it, bitch, suck your master's
cock.  Make me nice and wet so that I can fuck your friend's ass.  You can watch
me fuck her.  She loves to get it in the ass. You will, too.  Ted (The Hunk from
No 8) and Wendy will be over soon.  I've promised him he can fuck you tonight. 
He watched you walk down the street.  You made him as hard as a rock.  Wendy is
one of us you know.  You excited him so much he's fucking her now. She sucked us
both till we were hard after you had entered the house then we tied her to the
coffee table in their lounge. We bent her backwards over the table with her arms
tied along her lower legs.  I told her she could come over later and fuck you
too, She swings both ways, and likes to fuck women with a double-ended strap on
dildo.  It has one end that she stuffs in her own cunt and the other end she
loves to stuff into a cunt or an ass. She loves to stuff it into male asses.  We
have some guys who are slaves, you know.  You might like to see her giving one
of the guys a good ass fucking. She likes a good ass fucking herself, but she
also loves to fuck ass. So she'll be over later to fuck you.  That's of course
if we go back and untie her from the coffee table."  All the time he was talking
to me he was moving his cock backwards and forwards in my mouth. Sarah was
moaning as she watched us.  She was very obviously turned on by watch us, and by
what she though Frank would be doing to her soon.

His sexy talk was making me hot and the tugging of the weight on my nipples was
having a decidedly erotic effect on me too.  I found myself clenching my ass and
cunt muscles over the rubber dildos, milking them as if they were real and could
splatter my insides with creamy cum.  I found myself wishing that they could. 
How I would love to feel the hard thrusting of a man's organ in my ass right
now, spewing its sweet contents into the receptacle of my anal cavity. My nose
was filled with the sexy smell of Frank's deodorant that he must have sprayed
over his crotch area.  I never knew men did that as well as women.  I could
taste the salty, tangy taste of cum on his prick.  I wondered if perhaps he had
already availed himself of Sarah's always-ready cunt before bringing her
upstairs.  I wouldn't be at all surprised if he had done so, the randy bastard. 

Each thrust of his cock had gone deeper into my mouth until I was now taking the
whole of it, so much that its head was going deep into my throat and I was
finding that I was having to concentrate on subduing the desire to gag.  Now
that the whole of his cock was wet he withdrew and walked over until he was
behind Sarah. He turned he so that she was sideways on so that I would be able
to see the action. Then locking his gaze on mine, he grabbed hold of her hips
and rammed his cock hard up into her ass lifting her feet of the floor with the
impact. He leaned back and then began to piston in and out slowly in such a way
as to allow me to see his cock as it moved in and out of her body.   Sarah
looked across to me her eyes slightly glazed and unfocused but wanting to share
her pleasure with me. Each movement of his cock into her body jerked on the
chain that was attached to the clit ring.  She must really be feeling something
from that alone.

I watched as my husband fucked my best friend in the ass, glad that I had
already had the pleasure of him in my body already and anticipating the upcoming
visit from Ted and Wendy when my body would be the centre of attention. As I
watched Frank's eye's moved briefly to a point in the upper corner of the room. 
I followed his gaze and saw that he had set up a video camera to record what
happened in his bondage playroom.  I looked around and spotted two other
cameras.  I wondered if there was a fourth behind me, zeroed in on my naked
bottom.  I wriggled about trying to get a look over my shoulder, but was unable
to do so as the stocks held me pretty firmly in place.

Frank had not spared any expense in setting up this playroom.  I wondered
whether he would sell the resulting videos.  I was sure that there must be a
lucrative market out there some where for them.  I bet they would sell for quite
a bit of money. It would make a nice lucrative sideline for us to supplement our
wages.  I liked the idea of becoming a porn star.

My attention came back to the two heaving bodies in front of me. Frank was
reaching his peak and would be coming soon.  I could identify the signs.  He was
pumping more rapidly, his head was thrown back and his eyes were closed, his
breath was coming in short hard gasps and his legs were tight with tension as he
buried himself deeper into Sarah's body with each upward thrust.  Sarah was also
noisily reaching her climax, screaming at him,  "Fuck me harder, you prick.
Shove it in, you bastard!  Make me cum; make me cum. Give it to me baby. That's
it. Deeper, deeper. Fuck me. Bastard. Fuck me. Bastard." Her voice rising in
volume on each shout, each word or phrase punctuated by the wet slap of his
balls hitting her cunt lips. He had matched his rhythm to her shouted
exaltations. Sarah always had been a noisy, demonstrative lover as long as I had
known her.  Sarah screamed, almost deafening me with the power of her voice as
she went thundering over the top.  Her whole body spasmed with the force of her
climax.  Frank held still standing with his cock buried in her to its fullest
depth whilst she jerked around in her ecstasy.  If it hadn't been for the firm
hold he had on her hips I felt certain sure that she would have pulled her arms
out of her sockets with the violence of the spasmodic reaction.  Amazingly,
Frank did not come himself, possibly because he had already had several marathon
sex sessions already today.

Sarah eventually quietened, at which time Frank pulled himself away from her and
went to the pulley rope and gently lowered her down.  She sank face forward onto
the floor, almost unconscious from the violence of her climax.  Frank left her
there to recover, went to a door at the far end of the room which I observed as
he opened it led to a shower room.  He quickly showered, taking care to ensure
that his cock was thoroughly cleansed, went over to the closet, dressed and went
out of the room, leaving the two of us in our respective bondage, to contemplate
the forth coming attractions.  At least I would do so, I wasn't so sure Sarah
was particularly interested at the moment, but I was certain that eventually she
would recover enough to pay attention again. 

I felt I couldn't wait for Ted and Wendy to arrive to take care of my pleasure,
but of course, due to my current position, I had no choice but to wait.  I hoped
they wouldn't be too long!

Frank left me and Sarah bent into our respective bondage positions for about 45
minutes after he had fucked Sarah's ass whilst I watched. During that time we
talked, at least we did once Sarah had recovered sufficiently to do so.  We
talked about how we felt about each other, about what I had felt me as I watched
my best friend being fucked by my own husband, and Sarah about how knowing that
I was watching had increased her enjoyment.  I told her that the next time I
would make sure that she was the one watching and that I would be the one
getting fucked.  She told me that she would love to suck my cunt whilst Frank
was fucking my ass and that she would love to have me do the same for her.  She
told me how she loved having her bottom smacked, especially when she was tied
up.  I told her that I would make sure that Frank gave her good spanking the
next time her ass was in the air.  I asked her when and where she had gotten her
nipples, belly button clitoris and cunt lips pierced.  She told me that her boss
at the agency had insisted and had arranged it for her.  She had been without
sex for a week whilst the punctures healed.  She told me that he liked to put a
padlock through the rings in her cunt lips and clitoris so that her honey pot
was sealed from entry by anyone else.  He had even made her wear the lock to and
from the office.  Of course, when her rings were locked like that she had not
been able to wear panties under her dress.  So the excitement had been doubled
as she had walked the streets and ridden the subway.  He had added an extra
refinement to that a couple of days previously.  She had gone to work that
morning in a wrap around skirt, because she liked the way that one side or other
would slip whilst she was sitting on her typing stool, revealing lots of leg. 
It was even possible to allow it to fall open in such away as to reveal glimpses
of her panty crotch.  Her boss had loved this and had made her remove her pants. 
He had then locked the rings and had attached a two-foot chain with a little
weight attached to the end.  He had then had her parade up and down the office
watching the weight swing backwards and forward between her legs, nudging her
skirt open on the forward sweep.  He had sent her on several errands that
required her to walk down the busy town centre street with this weight swinging
between her legs.  She had gotten very excited because of this.  Late in the
afternoon her boss had called her into his office and had tied her on her back
to the long, leather bench in his office still fully dressed, and had carefully
arranged her skirt so that it draped away from her waist, accentuating her lower
body, and had fucked her merrily. He had then given her the body chains and she
had worn them for the rest of the day. She told me that he had a butt plug with
a ring in the end that also formed part of the set. She had worn that too.  He
had taken her ten pin bowling that evening wearing it under her sweater top and
micro mini skirt.  Each time she had bowled she had felt the tug of the chains
against their anchor points.  She had been so aroused that she had begged him to
fuck her as soon as they were back in the car, but he had just smiled and tied
her into the seat and had made her wait until he had taken her back to his
house, where his partner had been waiting to join in the fun. She had been most
royally fucked by both of them, before being sent home in a taxi, complete with
body chains.  He had not removed the chains until she got into the office the
following day.

Frank came back and released us and told us to shower and prepare ourselves for
the visitors who would be arriving shortly.  We went to the shower together, on
the way Sarah grabbed something from the top of a cabinet as we passed.  It was
a set of handcuffs.  When we got into the shower room she snapped the cuffs on
my wrists and looped them over a hook set in the roof of the shower stall,
obviously for this very reason.  She didn't turn on the shower but proceeded to
soap me all over with shower gel. She started from my shoulders and worked down
to my breasts, where she spent a considerable amount of time massaging the gel
into a lather, then down my belly to my cunt, then from behind from my shoulders
and worked her way down to my backside, massaging the shower gel to a lather all
down my back.  When she got to my bottom she spent an extra amount of time
rubbing the gel into a lather over my backside.  Then she did something that
startled me, she coned her fingers, and using the shower gel as lubricant gently
forced her hand into me.  I looked over my shoulder and watched it slide up my
anal cavity until her whole hand disappeared up into my ass.  I felt painfully
full and my body wanted to expel the invader. I had to force myself to relax.  I
was afraid yet very excited. Having entered my back channel she proceeded to
enter my cunt in the same way. I was now "on the prongs of a dilemma" so to
speak.  She grinned up at me.  "Better get used to the feeling, you're going to
spend many hours now with both of these cavities filled, one way or another. I
love it when I'm filled "fore and aft" as the sailor boys say. I love it even
better when I have a nice hard cock or clit to suck on as well." I grinned back,
relaxing even further, enjoying this new invasion of my body.  I was amazed that
it was possible for me to take both her hands in my body like this.  I would
never have dreamed it was possible until now that I had seen it with my own eyes
and watched it happen to my own body.

Sarah slowly withdrew her fists from my body, stepped back and turned on the
shower.  She rinsed off her hands and then watched my squirming around as I
rinsed off all the shower gel.   I had just enough freedom to move around to
allow the water to rinse off without having to ask for any more assistance.  

When I had finished rinsing off, Sarah released the handcuffs and helped me out
of the shower.  I quickly dried my self on the large fluffy bath sheet that she
had given to me and then followed her from the shower room, out from the attic
and into my bedroom where Frank had lade out the clothes that he wanted us to
wear to greet our guests.

For me he had laid out a black peephole satin playsuit over which I was to wear
a see through white blouse and harem trousers.  The harem trousers had no crotch
either so I was naked there.  I was also to wear a set of leather straps at
neck, upper arms, wrists, waist, upper thighs and ankles. These straps had
spring-loaded D rings set into them.  These would be used later I guessed as
anchors for putting me quickly into bondage.

He had laid out a long; leather sheath that Sarah told me was an arm binder.
Sarah removed the chain set and I helped her to put on the arm binder.  It
required her to put her hands together behind her back. The sleeve was then
strapped together around her arms and I then laced it together.  She insisted
that I pull each loop as tight as possible. By the time I had gotten to the very
top, and tied it off, her arms were pulled sharply together and her shoulders
pulled well back.  At the top of the arm sheath there were two straps that went
over her shoulders.  These were designed to cross between her naked breasts and
then they went around her back where they went through a loop in the sleeve,
then back around her waist where they buckled together.  There was a third strap
which went from the gloved end of the sleeve which I pulled up between her legs
and this buckled into the junction of the other straps at the waist.    This
strap was quite wide and would need to be unfastened before anyone could fuck
either of her lower holes; the remaining item on the bed was a tray.  This tray
had two leather straps attached to two of the corners and two chains attached to
the other corners.  Sarah grinned and told me that she was to be the waitress
for the evening.  She told me that the two straps were to go around her waist
and the two chains would be clipped into her nipple rings!  Then whoever served
the drinks would put the glasses on the tray and she would deliver them to the
recipients!   It was something that she often did when at the Club.  Then, of
course, she wouldn't be wearing an arm sheath, she would be naked, generally her
hands would be strapped together high up between her shoulder blades, leaving
all her body available for the pleasure of the Club patrons. She giggled as she
told me that if she spilled any drinks she would be punished.   I asked her what
the punishment was.  She laughed and said "Depends on who was in charge, but
they can be very inventive. I spent the whole of one Saturday evening hanging
upside down over a rubber paddling pool in the front of a small stage near the
toilets and any one who wanted too was aloud to come and stand on the stage and
piss all over me.   You would be surprised how many did so.   Many of the
masters came over but they really enjoyed sending their women slaves especially,
to come and piss on me.   That was the most humiliating thing that has ever
happened to me and I can tell you I've been very careful since.  I've learned to
control my natural reactions when someone has me stand by his table and wanks me
for the amusement of his guests whilst I'm carrying a full tray."  

Frank called us to go down.  He wanted to check us out before his guests
arrived.  He checked us over, running his hands over both over us.  He told us
that there were to be several guests not just Ted and Wendy but also Sarah's
boss Ewan who was the Master of the Roles at The Club, but also another couple
who were friends of ours, Ted and Lois.  Frank told me that Lois had only just
been introduced to bondage, just like me, and so Frank had invited them both so
that Lois could see that there were others into the scene.  

Frank told us that when the others arrived he would open the door, Sarah would
be standing next to him with the drinks on the tray for the masters to take and
I would be kneeling to greet the masters and their slaves with a genital kiss. 
I asked what he meant by that and he told me that I would greet our guests by
sucking cock and cunt, as appropriate. 

The first ring came on the doorbell.  Sarah and I followed Frank into the
entrance hall.  Sarah went to stand beside the hall stand where our guests would
hang their out door coats.  Frank placed me in the centre of the hallway facing
the front door and gently pushed me down to my knees.   When he was satisfied he
opened the door to greet our first guests.  He paused for a moment before
opening the door and looked deep into my eyes and smiled to see how aroused I
was by the idea of kneeling better than naked, ready to suck cock and cunt at
his instruction.

He opened the door to admit Ted and Lois. Ted led Lois into the house and
presented her to Frank who took her in his arms and kissed her thoroughly.  She
was wearing a long cloak that did not appear to have any armholes.  When he had
finished kissing her, Frank removed the cloak.  Her arms were tied with ropes
behind her back at wrists and above her elbows, her breasts were bound tight and
her nipples stood out proud. Apart from the ropes she was totally naked. Frank
led the couple over to Sarah where Ted took one of the glasses from the tray
that he held to Lois mouth and tipped it so that she could drink.  He held it
until she had drunk the complete contents of the glass.  Frank then walked in
front of them towards me, smiling at me all the way. 

When he reached me he stood behind me and beckoned Lois forward until she was
standing right in front of me.  I leaned forward the few inches necessary to
allow me to place my mouth over the juncture of ser thighs.  She thrust her hips
forward into my face.  I took this as encouragement to be bold. I thrust my
tongue into her cunt and stuck my tongue deep into her sex.  My hands
automatically rose to grasp her bottom to hold her in position.  Her new master
slapped my hands and in response my own master took hold of my wrists and pulled
them behind my back and clipped the two D rings on my wrist cuffs together. So I
was not to have the pleasure of holding any of the guests whilst they used my
mouth.  Ted gave Lois a couple of swats to her naked ass and pulled her away
from me and passed her over to Frank who pushed her to her knees, released his
cock from his trousers and pushed it into her face. I watched as she opened her
mouth and fastened her lips around my master's cock.

Ted unzipped his trousers in imitation and grabbed hold of a handful of my hair
and pulled my open mouth on to his cock.  "Suck my prick, slut," he demanded. I
obliged because that was just what I wanted to do.  My cheeks distended as I
sucked on his fleshy rod.  I loved my new role of sex slave.

Another ring came on the bell.  The two masters stud back from us. I couldn't
speak for Lois, but I suddenly felt bereft.  I wanted that cock back. I almost
fell forward as I blindly leaned forward to find it again. (Blindly because I
had closed my eyes in pleasure.)

This time it was Ted and Wendy.  Ted like the rest of the men, was fully
dressed.  He was casual, with jeans and T-shirt.  The T-shirt, though, had a
picture of a semi naked woman bent over with her hands tied to her ankles with
rope, her legs spread at ankles with a spreader bar. She wore rubber open crotch
pants.  A closer look revealed that it was a picture of Wendy!!!  Fancy walking
down the street with a bondage photo of his wife displayed for the entire world
to see!!!

Wendy wore a short black cocktail dress.  The dress was high necked with a heart
shaped cutout over her bosom through which her naked breasts thrust.  I looked
up at her and saw something that totally amazed me.  Her tongue protruded
between her lips was pierced and ringed.  From the ring in her tongue a chain
ran down to her pierced nipples.  Her tongue was thrust out as far as it would
go and the chain between her tongue and nipples was pulled tight so that her
nipples were pulled upwards.  What a unique way to gag your slave I thought.  I
hope Frank never does that to me.  She was not bound in any other way.  Frank
gave her an appreciative whistle and she gave him a half bow in return. Ted
shook Frank's hand and wished him a good evening.  Frank suggested he take a
drink for Wendy.  Ted went over to Sarah picked up one of the two remaining
glasses from the tray and passed it to Wendy. She of course could not drink it
so she brought it over to me and held it so that I could drink.  She
deliberately tipped it faster so that I was unable to drink it quickly enough so
that the liquid ran down my chin and on to my body.  Having emptied the glass
she lifted her skirt so that I might greet her.  Her genital area was shaved
clean. Her clit was pierced and ringed.  She stood over me, her legs wide apart
and thrust herself at my face.  I opened my mouth and took her ringed clit
gently between my teeth and worried at it whilst I lapped at it with the tip of
my tongue.  She gave a big sigh of pleasure as I did so. 

"Your slave knows how to pleasure a woman, Frank.  You could make a fortune with
her, you know" she called over to him.  

Ted had gone over to the kneeling Lois and had presented his prick to her for
her to kiss in welcome. She took him into her mouth eagerly. Our last guest
arrived at his very moment and our party was now complete. When he had all had
been suitably greeted by Wendy and I we moved up stairs to the new bondage room
where Frank took me into the centre of the floor.  I was to be the centre of
attention for the evening.  The rest of the group spread themselves around the
room and made then selves comfortable on the various chairs and couches that
were placed against the walls to await the forth-coming entertainment. 

Copyright Master2124, Scotland UK.
If you like what you read, why not drop me a line at
Master2124@Hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master2124


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





