BDSM Library - Dear Uncle




Dear Uncle
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a letter from the niece and willing sex slave to her uncle. She described how she was mistreated and hoped her uncle could accept her.
ANOTHER STORY BY PAGAN

DEAR UNCLE.....


Dear Uncle.

I am writing to you because I need somewhere to live,I don`t know if you
remember me,but I remember you did`nt want anything to do with my family  I am
your sister in law  Pam`s daughter, Becky,the last time we meet it was at a
birthday of mine, some-one said I was the girl with a mind five years behind my
age and a body five years infront of me I don`t know if you know or are
interested but my mum and dad split up nine month`s ago and mum has taken it
bad,she started drinking and got in with a very bad drug`s crowd and being
honest with you if I don`t get myself sorted out with a place to live, the
police are going to get the social to put me in a home for the backward,I know
what happens to young girls in those homes,I,m not backward just a little slower
at thinking than others,  I really could`nt bear being away,you know,well I
don`t suppose you do,I think I should tell you what has happened to me in the
last nine months then you may understand why I have written.

As you know  am an early developer and having the looks and body of my mother I
have had problems with boy`s and men they call me dim and they have always
looked at my young figure with not very nice thought`s in their minds, I soon
came to realize that more and more after dad left and mother started coming home
drunk with differant men they would see me and say the most awful thing`s to me
while my mother was incoherent, thing`s like,keep your old school uniform on,I
have always`s wanted to fuck up a school skirt or did you pass your O level then
make an O with that gorges mouth and start cock sucking`s or they said to me
have you got padding in that bra come here and give us a feel of them tit`s it`s
allright I,ll let you play with my cock while I suck those nipple`s of your`s,it
was terrible I hated it and when I did`nt answer quickly,which happened all the
time they thought I was an easy fuck,it was so awful and this is were  my tale
of hell started. It was with one such man,his name was Chris a foul man and I
hated him and he knew it.

I was upstairs`s doing home work on learning difficulties one night when I heard
them come in, mother sounded drunk and Chris was shouting at her and hitting
her,I went to the door to see if she was alright,I could see through the crack
in the door he was pulling at her clothes and trying to strip her,as you know
mum had me quite young,they say that`s why I,m dim, she is still a fit and very
attractive woman but drunk she was no match for Chris and he soon had her naked
holding her head trying to put his cock in her mouth, using awfull words telling
her to suck his fucking cock ,he had`nt bought her that many drink`s just for
her to fall asleep on him,he told her to earn getting pissed and suck cock,I
moved back to my room but I stepped on a lose floor board, it made a noise,I
half ran,half tripped up the stairs but before I got back to my room,Chris had
heard and was coming up the stairs towards me,I tried to close my door but it
was to late,he pushed in screaming,

"You getting off on watching me fucking your mother`s mouth,got hot between them
leg`s of your`s have you,well come here gorges,let`s see how fucking hot you
are, it`s time you give me a feel of that juicy young cunt,I,ve been dying to
get my hands on you."  I tried to fight him off but he twisted my arm up my back
and undid the button`s on my  blouse,he soon had his hand in my bra,

"God you got firm tit`s,I knew you would have a real good handful but these are
fabulous,now listen bitch if you don`t want your arm broke take your top off,"

He held my hair and slapped me,till he had me crying and taking my blouse and
bra off,he pulled me down on to my bed,held me there by my hair and
pinched,pulled and sucked my nipple`s till I felt his hand go to my knee and
start to wonder up my skirt, I begged him to stop,he said, "Fuck off I,ve gone
to far to stop now, your mother`s pissed and I want to fuck something so let`s
see what you got in your pant`s I bet there`s a nice cunt that I can use in
there, you hot ass shagbait".

He pushed his hand up my leg, I put mine down to stop him but he pulled my hair
so hard ,I put my hands up to stop him but he grabbed both my wrist`s and held
them above my head,leaving him free to get into my pant`s,he had his knee
between my legs holding them open,I felt his finger`s push hard in and then I
felt a sharp pain,he said,"Fucking hell,oh jesus christ, a fucking virgin,I,ve
got your fucking blood on my finger`s," his hand ripped my pant`s and then he
wiped his finger`s on them,as I lay there crying he looked at me,"Want to taste
some cunt,cunt ," and he forced my pant`s into my mouth,"Now you can`t
scream,I,m goner fuck you hard,it`s a long time since I had some tasty dim girl
cunt,you may be thick but your going to learn how to suck cock,and I mean
big-time  I,m going to bite me some big firm young tit`s, and now I,ve moved in
your house I will fuck you as much, if not more, than your old lady,it will be
easy to take her to the pub get her stoned and then up here  for a play with
your young fresh cunt, ready shagbait." He got on top of me and started pushing
his cock in me,I closed my eyes then suddenly  there was a loud bang and he fell
forward and I saw mother with a large heavy book in her hand`s,she pulled him
out and I locked my door,when I went down in the morning he had gone.

Mother was worried for me,she thought I needed a safer place to stay so she
packed me off to her cousin and her husband,that was not much better,they were
always arguing at night and it was always about sex,she wanted it every night
and kept telling him he needed something to get him up again,as he was no
fucking use in bed,I had only been there four night`s when they had a very big
row,she was screaming at him,thankfully I was in bed,I think she was on her
second bottle of wine, and she wanted sex,he did`nt want to know and she
would`nt take no for an answer,he got so mad that he stormed out the house,she
came crying into my room,I did`nt know what to do she was setting on my
bed,sobbing and telling me how miserable she was then she offered me some wine,I
said no I had never drunk before and after seeing my mother I never wanted to,
but she insisted and gave me a very large glass,she was talking about sex and
the language was very strong,she started by telling me how she offer`s to do
anything for him,anything at all, suck his cock to make him hard so he can do
what he like`s in her mouth or cunt or ass,she told me it was`nt her fault it
was the side effect`s of the tablet`s she was taking, she was going into
hospital soon so she has to take them,they make her tired but also horny,then
she started asking me if I got very wet and horny at the thought of sex,I said
no,mother put me off  thoughts of sex, she laughed gave me more wine and moved
closer,she asked if I did it with boy`s or girl`s or did I like a bit of both,I
said to her I,d never done anything with anybody and that I did`nt want to but
she carried on telling me how nice it was and I didn`t know what I was missing 
she wanted to show me.   I had got a little drunk by then so when she pushed me
back on the bed,I did`nt fight,I just flopped that gave her chance to kiss me,I
said goodnight I really thought she was going to bed but then she kissed me hard
and full on the lip`s,her hand pulled the bed clothes back as she kept on
kissing me while pulling my tee shirt up,her hand went to my tit`s,I put my
hands up to stop her,as I did she went straight  to my fanny,I was very
flustered, she kept pushing her tongue into my mouth,my head was spinning, then
her mouth moved to my tit`s and beleave me she was expert at sucking and licking
nipples  her hand pushed between my leg`s,  "Open your leg`s Becky I want to
show you a good time,you will love it,come on let me eat your young cunt,I bet
you taste as good as you look",I did`nt know what she meant, the word`s had not
left her mouth before she had my leg`s open and she was down on me, all I could
see were her eye`s looking up at me, her nose buried on my fanny and I could
feel her tongue in me,I put my hand`s down but she just held them and licked and
lapped at me,what was happening to me,I felt myself getting wet,I did`nt wantï¿½this but  she sucked the nub on my fanny,she let go of my hand`s and I knew she
had her finger`s in me and I could`nt control myself.   I looked at her and she
said," Come on,push down on my tongue sweety let it fuck you,your cunt`s
dripping for it,you can`t stop me I,ll get you going then I,ll finger fuck you
while I show your nipple`s a good time,come on Becky stick them in my mouth,"
and she did show me,I lost control and had my first ever orgasm but I don`t
think I would have gone that far if I had known that after that she was going to
make me do it to her  she tasted foul,she first had me on my back and she sat on
my face rubbing her fanny all over it,spreading her juices on my lips and nose. 
She lay on her back and made me get between her leg`s and lick her some more
holding my head hard into her cunt until I was told too finger fuck  her and
make her come when she did she made so much noise that we did`nt hear him come
into the room and he was suddenly  telling her to get the fuck of an dim-o
school kid but I,m sure that was for show he had been there long enough to get
excited as after she went back to her room I heard them fucking and her saying,
"Thats what turns you on is it, watching me with someone else,why don`t you
bring your mates round,"I could tell she was drunk, "Let them do me, they can
fuck all of me,I,ll suck them while they fuck me you can watch,I may get a
liking for it and have them round when your not here then they can do what they
like to me" what bothered me most was I,m sure I had heard the sounds of 
click`s earlier,I could`nt be sure as the drink soon put me to sleep.

Nothing was said in the morning, she had the letter to say she was going into
hospital for two days  the next weekend and besides I had a terrible
headache,and as for the next few days thing,s past, nothing different, apart
from he made a bit more fuss of me,I thought he was making up for that night,
but he went over the top the day she went in hospital,she had left early and he
brought me tea in bed, then made me coffee in the morning and a drink with
lunch,I must have eaten to much because by the evening I felt so tired and so
strange that instead of going out at night with some of my school pals as I had
planned I just went to bed early and fell into a deep sleep,

I was woke up by him grining at me,

"Look I,ve got a visitor,he`s an old friend of mine and I do believe your`s,"Oh
god no it was Chris,

"Hello shagbait", he grinned,I looked in horror,

"What are you doing here",

The grin was still there,

"Bob sent me some picture`s he had taken of you with his wife,you little
cunt-lapper,so we thought it was time you knew what it was like to have a man up
that cunt of your`s,now where was I before your old lady made me homeless,"   I
tried to get up but I had no strength,I just fell back on the bed Chris laughed,

"Those pills you put in her drink`s worked, she all our`s for the taking,"  I
tried to fight them and get away, but Chris said,

"She ain`t going to spoil this,not this time," and took out a pair of handcuffs
from his pocket,

"See these bitch,these will keep your hands out the way while I take what I
want,"they both pulled my arm`s behind me and locked them on,I shouted,"You
can`t I,m to young you will go to prison",he grabbed my jaw and looked at me,

"Two of my mate`s are giving us an alibi,so I don`t give a shit about your
threat`s,we have covered our track`s so your our`s for the weekend and we are
going to have fun with you,oh boy are we going have some fun,your body and all
your hole`s all the weekend,get it shagbait,"

The bed covers were pulled of the bed and my night-shirt ripped from my
body,leaving me in my panties`s,I was pleading with them,begging them,

"Please no,I,m a care person,you can`t do this to me you must stop."

Chris snarled,

"Listen bitch,have you seen yourself naked in a mirror lately,if you look like a
fucking gorges young women than your going to get fucked like one,you may have
learning difficulties but you are going to learn the art of the blue veined
clarinet,your going to have that cunt of your`s used and fucked how it should
be,it`s not for licking by some old lessie and I,m going to tie you in some
wonderful way`s just to make best use of thar cute arshole of your`s," he shoved
me back down on the bed and fell on me he started kissing me full on the mouth
as his hand`s played with my tit`s,he looked at Bob,

"Here have yourself some of her tit mate I,m going down into those pant`s for a
feel with an old furrie friend and finish what I started, and that`s fucking
it,"

I tried so hard to scream but Bob was kissing me and pinching my nipples so
hard, the next thing my pants were pulled to one side and Chris was playing with
my fanny before I could do anything,

"God I love young cunt, they have a smell all of their own,sorry Bob but your
going to have to sit this out for a while, I,ll try not to make her to messy,but
I,m going in first,"Bob stood back,

"Don`t worry I,m going to enjoy watching this and get this sweetheart, I,m going
to have a nice wank while he fucks you,then you can use your mouth to suck me
hard before I fuck you and you can look forward to that happening a lot this
weekend,"he gave my nipples a last tug as Chris ripped my pants off,he was now
naked and slid on top of me, "Open them beautiful legs and get some male meat in
between them,shagbait,your in for one good fucking and I,m just the man to do
it,"I was starting to cry but before I could protest his mouth was down on mine
and he was shoving as hard as he could in to  my  dry fanny,he pushed himself up
on his hands and looked down at me,

"Don`t start blubbering,or I,ll slap you stupid just make it easy on yourself
and spread them legs wide or I,ll hurt you,now open your mouth while I tongue
fuck your mouth and cock fuck your cunt,god your a little beauty and so`s your
tight cunt,"and with that he forced it in.

He grunted and fucked me for what seemed ages,sometimes playing with my
cunt,then my tit`s,holding my jaw while he pushed his tongue into it and all the
time I fought to stop him,I think that made it even more enjoyable for him,until
he suddenly pulled it out and shot all his hot semen over my stomach,as he got
off I could see my body with this cream over it then I saw Bob coming towards
us, he to had the same cream all down his leg`s,

"You messy bastard,you,ve wanked all over yourself"Chris said,Bob laughed,
"Don`t worry I will have a cleaner in,"I laid looking at Bob but I was soon
pulled up and sat on the side of the bed,

"Get behind her Chris let`s teach her the blue veined flute,"Chris held my head
as Bob scraped the come of his leg and shoved it down my throat with two
fingers,

"That`s it girl,breath through your nose,"  he kept pushing the come further 
down my throat as Chris held my head until he had his fingers all the way down,

"Now you can do the same with my cock,suck it till my hairs tickle your nose,"as
they were doing this to me they were talking about all the things they could
do,Bob decided to just fuck my mouth till he came then they were going to have
some spanking fun,making my ass nice and red,that would make them hard again
then they could fuck my ass and fanny some more,and as they were going to keep
me tied up there was nothing I could do to stop them.

It was awful,he just held my head and let all his juice fill my mouth,Chris was
holding me saying,

"Go on girl get it down your neck,it`s good for you,swallow it,makes your cunt
hair curl,"they laughed at me chocking on the bed and I cried  asking them to
stop but they said they had only just begun,that I was due a good ass reddening
for being a prick tease and for getting Chris thrown out of his little shag
palace,my mother did`nt mind her ass being spanked so stick it in the air and
take a good hand spanking or they would use their belt`s,at the word belt I
pushed my bottom up,bit my lip and they beat it till their hands where sore and
Chris had decided he wanted my ass to fuck,the pain I had gone through was
nothing to what Chris did next,he put cream in my ars-hole and pushed himself
in,forced me flat down and drilled into me and he made sure  it took him twenty
minutes to fill me,he kept on pulling at my hair and shouting,ride em cowboy,as
the bed shook with the force and Bob shouted him on,

"Don`t break her in I want a good ride out of her ass,"but after the pain of
Chris,Bob just did what he liked to me I was to tired and sore to fight.

For the weekend I was to be used as their toy they liked tying me in different
positions,it was when I was tied with my ankles to my thighs and then my legs
pulled up with rope around my neck,leaving me totally exposed that there was a
bang on the front door,Chris gagged me and Bob went down to see,it was their two
mates who had given them their alibi,s Bob brought them up and they both looked
at me with lust filled eyes,

"So this is the little darling is it,we can see why you wanted to keep her all
to your self,well tough we came round for some and looking at her some ain`t
half  enough,evening darling,don`t mind if I stick my cock in you and fuck you,
do you,"they all laughed as Chris got off and this bloke got hold of me,

"Nice way to be tied,I think I,ll have a bit of both holes,then we will have
that gag off and use your sweet mouth ,eh,you gonner like that,well hard shit if
you don`t, let`s get fucking," and he took off  his trousers, pushed me back on
the bed which brought my legs up and open so as he could do as he wanted to me
and he did, more than once.

By the time it was morning I was like a rag doll just being pasted from one man
to the other and it was even worse when two wanted me at the same time,thank god
they left me to sleep at dawn,I was awoke by the telephone and Bob shouting,

"It`s the fucking hospital,there letting her out this morning,get the fuck out
and untie shagmeat,I,ve got to get this place cleaned up,come on you lot fuck
off ,"and they all went, I just lay there,Bob came up,

"If you know what's good for you, you will keep your mouth shut about last
night,there are more of us and the others will make life hell for you,"I was so
grateful to be left alone that I nodded and fell asleep.

The rest of the weekend I stayed in my room and she was in her bed so everything
was quite,and I was glad to be going to the learning centre I avoided him as
much as possible and things went on,until one evening I came home and I did`nt
know it but she had an evening appointment and he was there on his own,he
pounced on me the second I got through the door,I fought but he was prepared for
that and I soon found my hands and leg`s wrapped in tape and I was being
carried, over his shoulder, up stairs, in my school uniform,with his hand
stroking the tops of my leg`s and in my pantie`s,I was to be raped and abused in
my bedroom once more,he did`nt have that much time but he did pull my pants down
and fuck my fanny hard first, then he made me clean his cock off with my tongue
before taking my blouse off  fucking my tit`s sliding up and then using  my
mouth to empty himself in again,untying me and for the rest of the evening
carrying on as if nothing had happened. I lived in fear after that,watching his
every move but to my pain I found out you can`t do that all the time and I  made
one mistake, I again found myself at his mercy only  he had brought a mate home
from work this time and the two of them were waiting for me after school and
they had me,they spanked me with garden canes,and only stopped when I promised
to play with myself using a cucumber while sucking them hard till they fucked me
in all three of my holes, it was a very painful  two hours,his mate asked if he
could come back the next time but Bob told him he had a waiting list of blokes
willing to pay to give me the same good seeing too they just had, so he would
have to join the queue to use the little fuck toy,that was it,it was there and
then I decided to go back home.

I slipped out in the evening and caught the bus to my mums area, as I walked
home I was stopped by the police,two of them,they asked where I was going and
what was in my bag,when I told them, one of them said to the other,

"She`s Pam the shag`s daughter,you know that good looking piece that`s always
drunk and can`t keep her leg`s closed,wonder if it`s, like mother, like daughter
she`s a bit thick but you are a looker for your age arn`t you now look young
lady we know  mum`s into drugs,so is that what`s in the bag sweetheart,"I pulled
away but they took my bag and looked in it,they pulled out my pants and bra one
of them smiled and said,

"Must be on her, why don`t we take a look,"they bothed grinned at each other and
dragged me into an alley,

"Get against the wall and spread your lovely leg`s," I was pushed against the
wall and they started to feel me up and put their hands in my bra then up my
leg`s till their hands were in my pants and touching me everywhere,

"Nothing, but we can allways make it something if you get in trouble again just
give us the chance and it won`t be in a alley we will take you to a dark place
in the car and give you the same as your mother asks for,after that the social
will deal with you,you know how they like dim ones now fuck off before we change
our mind and fuck your cunt now,"I grabbed my things and ran for mothers
house,the door was open and I crept in to see what was happening.

The noise was coming from the lounge,I peeped  through that same old crack in
the door jam and there was mother over the back of the settee,skirt around her
waist and a man driving his cock into her mouth she was obviously drunk because
of the way he held her hair and was saying things like, "Come on you bitch give
me some head ,for fuck sake use your tongue,or I,ll choke you," with all this
talking,I did`nt hear someone behind me until a hand grabbed my wrist and
twisted it up behind me and marched me into the lounge,

"Here`s one with a bit of life in her,she likes watching"a voice said and the
other man drew out of my mothers mouth and let her head fall,

"Do you like watching babe,that`s funny so do I, kinda gets you turned on don`t
it, any way who are you,no need to tell me I can see by your looks your her kid
arn,t you,"I nodded,

"Cat got your tongue,it certainly got your mothers,tongue,tonguing now there`s
an idea,"he grinned as he said the last few words and the  man behind asked what
he was thinking,

"It`s show time for some fun  with slut mum and horny daughter,"I shrank back,

"No,no please leave me alone,I only came in to get a few things I must be
going,look you carry on but I must be going,there's people waiting for me,"my
arm was twisted higher and a  voice said,

"You ain`t going till I,ve done some coming, so keep quite or I,ll break your
arm off and stick it were the sun don`t shine,right mate,tell me what was your
idea,"the other man came over to me and ran his hand over my breast,squeezing
hard,

"Nice and firm and young too,why don`t we get mum and kid nice and naked and let
them do a turn,you know get each other wet so we can fuck them a few times,would
you enjoy that babe,"I went to speak but all that came out was

" ohhhhh" as my arm was bent again,

"Don`t fight you can`t win, don`t even struggle,my friend here has a nasty
streak,he likes causing pain and don`t be shy, I,m sure I,m not the first man to
take your clothes off."

Grining into my face he unbuttoned my blouse and then my skirt, took them off
and then my bra giving my breasts a hard mauling and biting my nipples and then
my pants as he did he knelt down and buried his face into my fanny he took great
pleasure pulling my hairs with his teeth,

"Oh how a love nice tight young cunt,I bet you fuck like a racehorse,I can`t
wait to find out,but first you can strip your mother for us,"I hesitated,

"Go on get  her clothes off,I want to see her as butt naked as you are,lets see
lot`s of sexy female skin rubbing together," I was pushed forward and towards my
mother and with shaking hands I started to pull her skirt off,there was no point
in being slow,these men had decided they were going to have us both, so I moved
quickly,had to get this over with and get these men out of the house,soon she
was naked,they made me pull her half drunk body to the middle of the
floor,spread her leg`s wide, they forced me to get down and tongue her,they
wanted to see my tongue up and up as far as it would go also to keep my ass in
the air and make sure it was on full view all the time,I got a hard slap if I
did`nt do it right, then they took their pants off,one knelt at my mothers head
and pulled her mouth open,she made a funny girgling sound as his cock pushed in
and the other came around behind me and started to suck, lick and play with my
fanny,"Just getting it lubricated for our first fucking babe,"he slapped me
hard,

"Oh great it wiggles too,that will add the extra to a great ass fuck."

He was soon in me, grunting like the pig that he was, the other one took great
delight in fucking my mothers mouth while forcing my head down on her
fanny,mother was getting aroused and pushing into my mouth in her drunken state
she could`nt control herself, she would not know it was me who was being forced
to suck and lick her out,so she was coming and coming so wet that I could taste
her juice as it pumped into my mouth. I could`nt escape as the man behind was
pushing into me so hard I was being forced further down and in to mother until
he shot me full of his cum,I tried to wipe my face but there was no rest for me
I was pulled up and off so that the one fucking her mouth could get down and
fuck her and I was pushed onto my knees and had to suck the bastard who had just
fucked me clean,he made me do it for ten minutes till he sat on the
sattee,dragged me by my hair and made me sit on him and he forced me to fuck
myself off on him,pushing myself up and down as he sat looking at me,grinning
while he was wanking and playing with my fanny,pulling my clit and squeezing  my
tit`s,they said it was time they swapped us around,so I could be fucked up the
ass by the other one as my first assailant decided it was his turn to bugger my
mother too,what was happening to me there we were in the middle of our own
lounge floor,mother and daughter on our hands and knees with two strangers
fucking our ass`s as hard as they could they were racing each other to see who
came first,the one who was fucking me cheered as he filled my ass first then
slapped me hard as he pushed me to the floor. When it was time for them to go
they said it had been worth buying the drink`s,they sure were going to buy her
some more and bring her home  knowing I was here to fuck and play games with,I
sat there my body covered in their sticky cum wishing my dad had been a stronger
man instead of the whimp he was and never left and as I sat there I thought that 
maybe,just maybe if I went to see him he would help me.

It took me two days of searching mothers room and keeping locked in my room with
a chair against the door handle in fear of her men friends attacking me to find
dads address,the following day I packed my bag again and stole some money and
headed for dads flat in town,he was shocked to see me and yes,he was on the
bottle too but he made me very welcome,I did`nt tell him about the way mother is
and I thought it best not to tell him what I had been through,but we talked on
old times and had a laugh, he let me sleep in his room and he used the sofa
bed,until the third night,he told me it was his card night with two old chaps in
the flat downstairs,I was pleased he had friends so I wished him a nice
night,with what he was drinking I could tell it was going to be and decided to
have a nice shower and go to bed early.

I had not been in the shower long when the door opened and my dad staggered in
very drunk,

"Hello my pretty girl,let your old dad have a look at how fine you have grown,"I
told him it had only been four month`s since he left and I was still the same
girl he knew,but it made little difference he moved close to me,he tried to take
the sponge from me,

"I used to wash you as my little girl and you used to like it and I would brush
your hair and tell you bed time stories,oh I wish it was those time`s again,it
was your mother and her men friend`s she could,nt keep her legs closed or her
hands of them, I tried to keep her happy but she was always wanting more,she was
a fucking bitch,do you know I would take her dancing and after an hour I,d have
to go looking for her only to find her with some blokes in their car with her
dress round her waist,knickers round her ankles and they would all be fucking
her"I was trying to get out of the shower and cover myself but he started
crying,thinking quickly I told him to go and get another drink,I would get ready
for bed and he could come and talk to me before he went to his card game,he went
and got another drink,as if he needed it,I quickly dried and put my t-shirt on
and nearly broke my neck falling over the rope that held the curtains up,
getting into bed as he came swaying in and sat on the bed,

"It`s nice to have a woman to talk too again,I miss the company of women,I miss
the smell of them and touching them,your mother always wanted it, now I haven`t
had a woman in four mouths, do you realize I haven`t fucked anything since your
mother,I,m pissed off with wanking myself,and looking at videos I need to feel
something soft,"he put his hand out and squeezed my breast,I pushed him away,
telling him to pack it in,he got angry,

"Wants up can`t your old dad feel his little girl,give me your hand, you feel
this,"and he pulled my hand to his crutch and his cock was hard,I pulled but in
his drunken state he was very strong and held my hand there as he took his cock
out and held my hand against it,

"Come on Becky they must have tought you something about sex at that special
school, give it a pull darling please for your old mans sake, come on do it," I
had no choice and I put my hand round it and started pumping it,I closed my eyes
but I could still hear him mouning as I pumped him harder,then he moved,

"Use they other hand and play with my balls come on for your dad,"I slid my hand
under his balls and started to feel him as I wanked him hard with the
other,hoping this would be over quickly,suddenly he moved forward trapping both
my arms under him,

"Put it in your mouth darling let me feel your hot mouth on it please come on do
it for me,"I said no but he had hold of my hair and was kneeling on me pushing
it towards my mouth and I was trapped against the bed head and he was hurting me
I tried to keep my mouth shut and beg him to stop but all that happened was he
shoved it in my mouth and pushed till it was suck or choke,he had hold of me and
was saying,

"Come on suck it like your mother,fucking sucked it our I,ll brake your fucking
nose she loved a face fuck so can you,I,m going to come,take it you bitch,take
it all,"and as he exploded in my mouth he fell forward and passed out, I choked
and felt sick,I spat his juice out of my mouth.

I was startled by a voice,

"No wonder he did`nt turn up for cards,must be the best daughter in the world to
do that for daddy,"there were two men standing at the door,grinning at me,I
looked and tried to pull myself together,

"He forced me,can you get him out of here please,could you take him down to your
flat,I mean you are his card playing mates arn`t you,"they looked at him passed
out in front of me,

"He's to drunk to bother anybody till morning,beside we would rather take you
down to our flat,you looked good with a cock in your mouth and the rest of you
looks tasty from where we are stood,come on  love there must be some head left
in you for two more lonely guys" and the two of them moved towards me and I knew
I was in trouble,they grabbed at me and I started kicking and punching,they
fought me till one got me pinned down,

"Cut some of that curtain rope let`s get this wild cat strung up and helpless
then if she won`t give it, we can always help our selves,to the goodie`s"after
ten minutes I was trust up and being carried down stairs,the one carrying my
leg`s smiled,

"I can see a nice outline in those pink pants winking at me,is it getting nice
and wet, do,es it want a good fucking, is it ready for me,I,m looking forward to
a long play with that,"I told them to leave me alone when my father finds out
there will be trouble,"they just laughed mocking me,

"What's he going to do,call the police,oh officer I,ve just fucked my young
daughters mouth but I want to report two men taking her down to their flat for
the night and their going to fuck the shit out of her,I don`t think so and as
for you young lady you can`t do to much about it,if you think we are going to
untie you so you can escape,you are mistaken, we will fuck you trusted up and
helpless all tonight and as your hold up at your old mans flat we can get him
comatosed on booze anytime  and then visit you, get our hands in your
pant`s,then up and in your holes.

They took me into their flat locked the door and laid me on the sofa,they took
off their trouser`s and filthy pants and knelt down beside me,

"Hello little girl are we going to have some fun tonight with these beautys,"as
I felt his hand go up under my t-shirt to my breasts,

"Please no, I beg you don`t do this to me,please don`t rape me,"he brought his
foul breath near my face,

"Save your breath,girlie, your going to need it all tonight and if you don`t do
as your told I,m going to hurt you so bad,I ain`t never seen such a gorges
youngin like you in a long time and if you think I,m going to pass up the chance
to rape and fuck your body rotten then you must beleave in Santa,now shut the
fuck up while I give these tit`s a good going over,I,ll get round to the rest
later,"he pushed my t-shirt up to my neck and started to enjoy my breasts and
nipples,the one who was further down was kissing my pants and running his tongue
over my slit,tugging the hairs  that were poking out and it made me squeal,as I
did he said,

"Let`s get her to talk to us, you know tell us what to do to her,make her do it,
make her talk dirty,"my nipple was pinched very hard , "You heard him tell us
what to do to your cunt,ass and tit`s,don`t forget your mouth and if you don`t
do it good I will hurt your tit`s and my friend will,"as he said that I felt a
hand go in my pants and a few hairs were ripped out,I screamed and he said,

"Thats just a taster now talk to us."

I stamered and tried to think,

"I want you to kiss my fanny,"before I could say another word my nipples were
bitten and I screamed, he growled,

"It`s not a fanny it`s a cunt,you better do it right,trussed up like this your
in no postion to be cleaver,"I bit my lip and thought of the night that Chris
and his mates raped me and all the vile things they said,I started again,half
crying half mumbling,

"I,I,err I,"they grabbed me,ripped my t-shirt off

"I,ll show you a bit of pain,then maybe you,ll do as your told,"I was lifted and
stood up while he got a chair, they bent me over his knee,the other held my
legs,

"Get her pant`s down let`s sting some ass,"as soon as my pant`s were down a hand
stung me and again and again,

"No,no please not that I,ll do it please stop,"as the blows rained down on me,

"You sure better or I,ll get the belt to you,"I stopped crying as they  lifted
me upright, the other one said,

"I don`t think she`s had enough,she lying, let me get the belt,let`s sting her
ass and tit`s good,"I begged them no,I would do what ever they wanted,I was told
to stand straight up and shake my ass and tit`s for them, make them bounce and
maybe he would,nt whip me,I could see he would enjoy doing it,so there I stood
bound hand and foot wiggling my breasts and making them bounce and these two men
just grinned and made crude remarks about what they were going to do to my
body,as if that was,nt bad enough I then had to start telling them what they had
to do to me.

My brain was racing,all I could think was how defenceless I was with nothing on
and my pant`s around my ankles knowing that what ever I said was an invitation
for them to do it to me,but my mind was made up for me as I saw him unbuckle 
his belt,

"I  want you to fuck my cunt,"oh god what was I saying,

"I want to fell your big cock in my cunt,I want to feel your strong hands all
over my tit`s playing with my nipples making them hard so you can lick them and
you can suck them,I need you to lick my cunt and make it wet and horny,I want my
cunt to,"I was suddenly cut off,

"Thats enough about your cunt, what about that nice juicey ass you got,I get
turned on by a nice ass so turn around and let`s see it," I shuffled round as
best I could,

"Tell us what you,d like us to do that spanking nice ass you got and who told
you to stop wiggling it,get it moving cunt,"Oh how I hate anybody to touch my
ass but what choice had I,

"You can put your fingers up it and push loads of cream in, then two fingers
till it`s just right for your cocks,I,I errr,I would like that,but I must tell
you I fuck much better in the cunt,you,ll like the way I push it about and make
your cock move around inside me,"they both laughed,

"You bet we,ll like the way you fuck, we are going to fuck you all night and in
the morning we have a nice cupboard with hanging space,we can tie you real tight
in there,maybe hang you upside-down if your not good to us tonight and we will
seal your mouth so not a sound will be heard, go do some jobs,come back and
carry on fucking you again,go over there and untie her legs she can show us them
nice holes we are going to borrow,"one of them came over and untied my legs I
was told to spread them and bend over,I was told to look at them from between my
legs and open my mouth, they both had their cocks in their hands,

"Look at that three holes in a row,look at this baby do you like the look of
it,"he pointed to his cock,"

Your going to feel a lot of it,"I could`nt believe it ,his cock was about seven
inches long but so thick he could`nt get his hand round it and it had a massive
bend in it ,

"Shuffle back here darling I want you to get a good look at it,you better start
moving,in that position my belt could,nt miss,"as I moved back the other one
wanked himself off coming into his pant`s and looked at me,

"You going to do all we say,"I nodded,he came round the front of me pulled me up
by my hair,kissed me, forcing his tongue into my mouth he pulled away and forced
his pant`s into my mouth,

"Suck em clean and get used to the taste,"I could,nt stop the tears running down
my face as I sucked on the filthy pant`s and hands grabbed my waist and I was
slowly pulled down on the huge waiting cock.

Mercyfully it buried it`s self up my cunt but it felt so weird,so thick and the
curve rubbed on the wall it was differant to anybody else`s who had used me but
I did`nt have that long to think as the pants were pulled out of my mouth and a
cock replaced it,my head was pulled violently forward and I choked as it forced
it`s way down my throat,

"You will choke babe, if you don`t start fuckin and suckin,now start humping,"my
hip`s were held and pushed back and forth,forcing the huge cock to move around
inside me,then up and down all the time the cock in my mouth wanted to go
further,my chin and head were in a vice like grip and I was being made to nod as
the cock was held in, then slowly back to be forced forward again,I thought I
was going to die and there was no escape from the monster meat pole that I was
impaled on,hands came around from behind and played with my nipples,

"Getting hard yet,need some more fucking,don`t worry I,ll get you wet and I,ll
keep you that way,hot and horny like every woman should be,"my torture went on
till they both came,the one in my mouth first making me keep my mouth open till
he had wanked himself into it and then the one in me filled me with so much,
with him being so big it was such a tight fit It was`nt till I got off him that
it run down my leg`s I stood there with my hands tied behind me just for them to
scope it of my leg`s and feed it to me,they washed my face, up and between my 
legs and then took me to the bedroom to start all over again.

The one who had fucked my mouth just laid and played with my tit`s but the one
with the monster had me again this time on my back,I was still a little wet and
he got in easy and started a slow rythem,a terrible feeling came over me the
size and shape of this monster cock was touching places that were making me feel
things, the same way I had felt with the only orgasm I had which was with that
woman,I bit my lip and he knew what was going on, "Getting very wet down there
babe,you juicin up nice,going to come for me ain`t you,you can`t stop it, old
bendies got the measure of you and your going to dance on him for a long
time,let`s see if you take it hard,"and he thurst in and out so hard and fast
that it took my breath away and I felt my hips go up to meet it, "That`s it
babe, give in and suck it home,that`s right push that cunt at it, go on you want
it,you,ll love it and learn over the weeks to love it as often as I am going to
give it to you ,he pushed himself up on his arms and drove his cock hard into me
as the other pinched my rock hard nipples,as I took it, my mouth was open
gasping for air and he took great delight in spitting in to it,I had two orgasms
before he filled my cunt again and we all lay exhorted, the other one looked at
us "She`s going to be one good fuck pony,how long do you think we can keep her
to play with,"what they were saying brought me back to my senses,

"You go up and get all her thing`s before he come`s to, he,ll think she`s gone
home,after fucking her mouth what could he expect and then when she don`t turn
up,she will be put down as a run away kid,we know what we will do to keep her
quite tomorrow,while we,re out I,ll buy some good restraints and gags,also some
vibraters to leave up her cunt while we are out,you know those that buzz and
move,that should keep her hot and ready for us, we will keep her for as long as
we like, we can  play with her,give her a whippin to keep her in line,just love
her firm ass especially when it`s red and the best of it, give her a good seeing
to any time we want, if we need a few bob we can get some of the lads in and
they can do what ever they like to her as long as they pay for the privilege of
fucking our beautifuu school girl, till we get fed up or wear her out,  then we
will sell her on,I bet a gang of ho-bos or gypsies would pay us well to take
this gorges piece of fucking to one of their camp`s,they will keep her well
slave fucked for a long time,sound good to you and knowing her family nobody
will care,"as he went to get my things panic thundered into me, this could not
be happening,I had to think, clear my head,get out of there and the way they
kept me tied,there was only one thing I had that I could use,even if it meant
doing foul things to these vile men.

I pretended to  be coming round and I moaned,

"Oh that was fantastic,I must have it again,"I shuffled down the bed,still with
my hands tied and moved round to start sucking his cock again and I concentrated
on breathing through my nose so I could get it as far down as I could and really
make him enjoy it,the other got up I stopped sucking and said,

"Don`t you be long,when he gets me going, I,ve got more holes to be seen
too,"and he rushed off and I heard him run upstairs as I struggled to get my leg
over him,

"Please start licking me,and as soon as I,m wet I will have this lovely cock
hard and ready to fuck me again,"I went back to sucking that huge thing again,as
he stuck his tongue up my cunt and licked at me like an animal,thank god it
was`nt long before I heard the other come back,

"Hurry up I,m getting horny and I want yours  again in my mouth,please come and
stick it in my mouth,"he dropped what he was carrying and was back in the
bedroom,groping me as I sat on the monster and took him in my mouth,much as my
cunt was still sore from last time I let them do me as hard as they could
moaning and screaming my pleasure as they fucked my cunt and mouth while
pinching my tit`s till the nipples were bright red and very sore but I kept up
my moaning and bouncing up and down on them till they both pumped me full
again,they flopped me back on the bed again,

"Told you she would be a willing fuck after bendy got into her and we are going
to be giving that cunt a seeing too plenty of times,arn`t we you hot assed
school girl,"he got hold of my tit`s and played pulling with my nipples,I
groaned,

"Oh squeeze my tit`s hard,pinch them go on harder,I want you to do me again,use
my ass this time only make sure that big cock is up my cunt when you cum,do you
want to fuck my mouth,let me get it hard again,come on I want you to,"I got them
going again and that's how I went all night,god how I hated it but as soon as
they had fucked me I went down on them again forcing my mouth up and down their
filthy cocks,I had to keep them going,I waited my chance and when they really
looked fucked out I worked on the one with the monster cock using my tongue to
tickle every inch of it and his balls leaving the other out till what he saw got
him  begging me to get him hard again, I said I would use my hands to wank him
and play with his balls because my mouth was to busy,he liked that idea so he
untied me and I really gave him a good time while forcing the other to fuck my
cunt again till I exhorted them both and then took my chance,I was so sore,I
could hardly walk but I knew how sore I,d be if they kept me as their sex slave,
thank god it was very early in the morning,my things were by the door and, naked
as I was, I was through it and away to the nearest ally, dressed and heading
back to mother`s.

What a shock I had when got back,the neighbours,who never spoke to mother,told
me she was in the cells on shop lifting and drug charges,held for at least a
month till the court appearance,I just sat and cried for hours till I fell into
a deep sleep,It took four days to clean me and the house up and then decided to
visit her the next day,but as I woke that day there was a sudden bang, the front
door caved in and two police officers entered the house,I dressed quickly
putting on my school uniform and went to talk to them,oh no, it was the two who
had stopped me two weeks ago.

"We have a warrant to search this house for illegal substances and arrest anyone
we think is  using or supplying,is there any-one else in this house,"I shook my
head,

"You will accompany us to your room and we will start the search there,"they
turned me around and marched me upstairs and I took them to my room, we entered
and they shoved me down on my bed and started to trash my room,

"What`s this,"one said holding a bag with white powder in it, I looked he was
holding it with tweezers he dropped it in my lap,I picked it up,

"I,ve never seen it,"he took it from me with the tweezers and dropped it in
another bag and put it in his pocket,

"That`s all the evidence we need,your finger print`s and Luke the dealer`s on
one little packet that should get you locked up along with mother,"the other
said,

"No let`s take her to the city cell`s she can spend some time with the low
life,if they get their hands on something as pretty as this they will shag her
so much there won`t be that much left for the court`s,"I burst into tear`s,

"Why are you doing this to me,what have I done to you, please tell me what can I
do to prove I,m innocent"they both looked at each other, "Now there's an
idea,how can she prove she`s innocent,we will have to think,what has she done to
us or what could she do to us,"they both laughed,they took off their hat`s and
sat ether side of me on the bed,   "So little lady you don`t want to go to the
cells,what shall we do then,have you any idea`s little girl,"I stared down into
my lap,hating my body and all the trouble it had caused me,knowing the answer I
had to give,

"What do you want me to do,"I could hear the lust in his voice,

"Anything and every thing we want you to,you can start by unzipping our flies
and getting your hands in and seeing what is the first thing that comes up,show
us how you young pretty young school girls respect and of course like your local
police," they both laid back on the bed as I fumbled for their zips and reached
into their trousers,soon I had a cock in both hands and a feeling of dread at
what was to happen to me again and why,a voice broke my thought`s,

"Now this is what I call a perk of the job,"my hair was grabbed and I was pulled
back flat on the bed,

"And your what I call a perky piece,don`t stop tossing us off,I just want to get
a good look at that mouth,it`s so perfect for me to do what I like with and if
your anything like your mother you know how to use it,I bet your great round the
back of the bike sheds arn`t you giving the boys a blow-job while they play with
your cunt and tit`s well now it`s our turn to play with you,come on give us a
kiss,you do snog on first date, don`t you," they both laughed as my head was
twisted and he started forcing his tongue into my mouth as I felt hands on my
breasts,the other one said, "We better not come on our trousers,"my head was
pulled away,

"Allright little lady,take our boots off and then our trousers and then give us
a look at what`s in your pant`s there may be somewhat of an arresting sight in
there I want to play with and do it with a smile on your face,or I,ll slap it
before I fuck it,"I did as I was told and took their clothes off, then stood at
the end of the bed,

"Come on lift that little skirt up,show us your pant`s or are you like your
mother, don`t wear any and then I think we will have those tit`s out,I fancy a
mouth full of them,I hope you enjoy having your nipples bit."

I looked down and reached for the hem of my pleated school skirt and slowly
started to pull it up,they let out a whistle,

"You would`nt believe a school girl could have leg,s like that,come on show us
it all,let`s see them pant`s I,m dying to play feel a pussie with you and my
mate`s got a few idea`s of what he want`s to do to your cunt and tit`s,"I pulled
my skirt up to my waist and stood there,

"Pull your pant`s down to your knees and then take your blouse and bra off ,
then pull your skirt back up and show us it all,"I did as they said and stood
there like some sort of  prize for them to admire, he moved to the edge of the
bed,

"Come here darling and stick that cunt of yours on the tip of this tongue,"I
waddled forward with my pant`s still round my knees untill I was standing
infront of him and his hand came round behind me squeezed my ass and pulled me
forward as he buried his face in between my legs and started to lick and suck my
cunt the other one lent up and sucked my nipples,

"God she tastes good,it`s no good I,ve got to fuck it,I,ve just got to have my
cock up this juicey hot cunt,come on you can sit on it,turn and  face my mate
and suck him while I have me a handful of your tit`s,"I was soon naked and
sucking another mans foul cock as I was being fucked,the one I was sucking got
angry with me because I was crying,I begged them to stop doing this,

"You are police you are the law, you are suppose to look after me not rape me
you know it`s wrong,you know I,m to young"I told them to stop but all that
happened was I was thrown to one side and held tight as the one who was fucking
me got up and went to his uniform,got something plastic black thing out of his
pocket and touched me with it,I have never felt pain like it, an electric bolt
shook my body,

"Hurt`s don`t it, that's what you will get if you don`t do as your told,you are
to suck our cocks and let us fuck you all we want or if you want, we will
handcuff you, tie your feet together hold you on this bed and touch all those
horny little places that can be so painfull so you better lick his ass,balls and
cock clean and don`t stop till he,s pumped himself down your throat and you
better jump much better when your sat on my cock or this thing will make sure 
you do,it`s the same as you, it`s my little stunner,you understand,"and he held
it close to my nipple.I could see the blue flashes at the end, that soon made me
promise to do as I was told and I was back in the postion again with them both
at me this time I was fucking and sucking and making sure they were enjoying
it,I licked his ass and it tasted awful as he shoved back into my mouth,I
cleaned his balls and then I wanked him hard into my mouth I even had to wipe
what I missed of my tit`s and lick it his sticky semen off my fingers,still
making sure I was bouncing up and down to make the other would come as he fucked
me up my cunt and he did,then I was forced to suck it clean, tasting my own
juice as well as his cum ,

"Have you got the morning after pill,"I shook my head,

"I have plenty, you better have them, your going to have lot`s of mornings after
from now on you fucking hot bitch,now how about we go look in your old ladies
room for some of her sexy underwear,let`s get your cunt and tit`s dressed up
like a horny tart for your next fucking,"I was pushed into my mothers room and
told to look for something sexy to perform for them in,as I looked through
mothers things they kept coming up behind me fingering my ass and cunt and any
time I moved pass them they would make me stand still for a while so they could
suck on my nipples,when I,d found some things I was taken to the toilet and as
they played with my tit`s,I was made to pee infront of them, they made
disgusting remarks and slapped my face with their stiff cocks then I had to wipe
and wash myself clean,  they said it was to get me cleaned out ready for giving
my cunt another creaming,back in my bedroom I put on bra, pants both in lace,
the suspenders and stockings it made me look cheap before they cut a hole in the
crutch with remarks like,

"Don`t that frame it her pretty little hole just perfect and looks whats peeping
at me all pink and lace trimmed," it was,nt long before one laid on the bed and
I was pushed onto him,forced forward then the bra cups was pulled down so my
tit`s dangled in his mouth and the other took me from behind and for ages they
fucked my ass and cunt at the same time,it hurt so much and my tit`s were chewed
till they were sore,I was so sore between my legs but still they were,nt
satisfied and they wanted me to preform a disgusting act and fuck my ass and
cunt with their truncheons and get it wet again while they wanked off in my
mouth,this went on for ages and again it hurt so much but it was ether that or
the electric bolt,not much choice, but thank god half way through that ordeal
their mobiles went and they were called to another job, as they got dressed they
told me their idea for a fun evening, they were going to bring a couple of W P
Cs who were hard fucking dykes,they would love to see me handcuffed and at the
mercy of those two, as lesbian rape is the best thing for a man to watch, what I
would have to do with my mouth to their cunt`s they would be able to enjoy
remembering, everything that had been done to my body when they were having a
bath time wank , I was,nt to worry about being safe in the house as they would
be around a lot to check that I was all right and I better be in, so they could
be in me,and to make sure I took my pill,and with that they left,I don`t want to
be in when they call again.

So you see Dear Uncle that's why I,m writing to you, I know it`s been a while
since Aunty died and you live alone in that big house out in the country I
wondered if you needed a companion,I know a 52 year old man needs relief and I
can suck cock no matter what size really and I do it really well,I take it all
the way down my throat and lick it while I do it and I swallow it all also my
young mussels are still good in my ass and cunt and I really can work them to
give you a very good fuck as often as you like as many times as you like,in any
postion,if you want I can bring my school uniform and anything else sexy from
mothers, she do`es have some unusual outfits that her men friends liked her to
wear,you can tie me up and abuse me if you want to and I will play out any of
your fantasies, anything at all, like rape roll play even with spanking,as long
as it`s not to hard with the cane,I can cook and clean and anything you want to
do to me I will let you do and not tell anyone,I will be your pet as long as you
keep me safe for a few years,I will be at the phone box at the corner of
Chestnut and Rosebush,the number is 01513 665481tonight or just come and pick me
up.

Your niece and willing sex slave,

Debbie.


PAGAN




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





