BDSM Library - The Little Red Book




The Little Red Book
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is about a group of superhuman mercinaries that are paid to either kill, capture or torture anyone.
title : the little red book
category : cross overs
author :deathrow


warning : anyone under 18 should not read this. this story is violent in natuire
and if you do not wish to read anything in this nature please go away. i don't
own anybody in this story, any circumstances in this story that seems to have
happened in real life is a coincidence, this is only a fantasy writing.

Introduction : this story is about a group of superhuman mercinaries that are
paid to either kill, capture or torture anyone.

please be kind this is my first story




	the year was 2020, and my name is joshua, i came from another dimension with a
mission, with me is the grstest assasins the whole galaxy, and multi dimensions
has to offer

TARGET 1 CAITLIN FAIRCHILD

Chapter ONE SHARPSHOOTER log entry 1

She runs very fast by the looks of it i'd say around 60 miles per hour. I can
sense the fear in her, in fact i can smell it, the dismay in her eyes, i wouldnt
blame her. Iam sure, after seeing your comrades fall to the ground, life-less
iam very sure you'll do the same. Cloak went in and rigged the place with the
bombs, an expext in hand to hand and survelance the quiet guy seems to be a bit
disturbed ok, maybe a lot, hell he sure gives me the creeps. then BOOM there
goes the place, i know its not much glamour but we were simply paid to kill them
no special treatment ... except the red hair , i was told that she was special
and she has to suffer a lot. "THUD" oww that gotta hurt, down she goes, she just
met my good friend The Dog, at around 7'2, 800 lbs, build like a rock. Hell he
can probrably stand toe to toe with the hulk and supes all together. Standing
next to him is agent J, the guy with the most stupid codename, hell i dont know
what came over him when he picked that code. but i gotta say he is still the
best with what he does and thats computers. And as usual he broke the security
codes so that cloak plants the bomb and i, keep watch. Red here is a stubborn
girl, well, thats not kinda fair in her situation, i mean she is powerful,
beautiful and very very stong, stood right up, and yells at doggy here something
aboout getting out of her way and she has to get her friends to a hospital. Now
Dog is not an eloquent speaker, so i guess he just let his fist do the talking
...

J log entry 1

 CRACK, i think Dog just broke her nose, she went sprawling down on her butt
while cupping it,and iam pretty sure theres blood too. cloak went on to check on
the others and wants to make sure everyone is dead. The bitch was a push over, i
thought they said she was strong? but i guess they were right about one thing
she is fucking beautiful, with an angelic face, a tiny wasp like waist, long
curvy legs and of course those huge tits. Fuck, iam gonna enjoy watching her
scream for her own death! i just stood on and wanted to see what she can do,
then she goes berserk, crying a loud battle cry she charged Dog with left and
rights that can bring a mountain down. Strangely Dog just stood there and waited
for her to finish when her blows were a little slower and she seemed a little
tired she looked better than ever, every muscle in her body was tensed, her one
piece green suit was like a second skin, her hair was soak in sweat, her breast
even looked bigger, nipples jutting out like little diamonds, and her eyes were
blazing with fire not from fear anymore but from anger. Seeing this bitch break
would be reward enough. UGH, ACCK, WUFF!! a couple of right jabs and a short
uppercut, hmmmm i'll say Dog seem to be enjoying himself. a blacken eye, a loose
teeth and shortness of breath, man iam having a great show here. her once steely
abs are britle as glass and her mascular legs seems to have turned to gello. WAK
BAM owwww another shot to the face. man i have never seen her like this before
she was a strong woman completely undestructable, but now she can't even stand
on her own. then dog just snapped he unleashed hell on this poor poor girl. he
hit her face straight so strong that it went through the wall wherin her head
was stuck on the concrete wall, he placed combos on her abs and i heard a few
cracks he probrably broken four to five ribs. the once powerful bitch retaliated
with a roundhouse right punch that was simply in slow motion, that even my
grandma can see it coming. Dog simlpy cupped her small fist and slowly crushed
it, the bitch was crying out loud now when suddenly she screamed out load that
broken windows that are a few meters back. Dog broke her wrist, elbow and
dislocated her shoulder! she step two steps backward holding on to her broken
right arm while her brain was trying to acess what just happened, she was in
complete denail that she can be manhandled like this! Dog striked so fast that
it can make the ï¿½lash feel proud, as he cupped her head in his hand. the bitch
instictively raise up her left hand trying to dislodge the huge hand. while her
broken nose grind with her face her pain was completely undescribable. Dog
lifted her a whole feet form the ground and made her a huge punching bag he
whole body spasm with pain as Dog kept on punching on her belly. With a good
minute of torture Dog let go of her, she went straight to the ground with a
thud. She was coughing up gobblets of blood, as she unsteadily tried to get to
her feet, even in her current state she was still proud and defiant. Once up,
Dog unleashed a hellish kick that went straight up between her legs!! A loud
crack was audible as the proud heroine's eyes widen in pain and her mouth
completely open in a silent scream. The young heroine fell down her knees as she
cupped her broken cunt, tears poured out of her eyes like faucets as she mumbles
gibberish to her self. Dog lifted the broken hero by her hair as he examines the
damage the poor girl has taken, her red mane was all trussed up he fair skin was
all bruised up her angelic face carries two blacken eyes a puffy cheek and a
split lip, her nose is broken in two places and she has three teeth missing! her
face is smeared in blood her mouth, nose, eyes, and eyebrows are bloodily cut
open. her body was not spared, her legs dangles lifelessly, the broken pelvic
region has a bone sticking out of place, her once muscular abs were like gello,
a broken rib is evident in her upper torso moving with a life of its own, her
left breast has poked out of tattered one piece green suit, and her right arm is
angled in a broken position. Dog just held her and waited till she has regain
some of her senses, then he unzipped his pants and let loose his 20 inch dick
thats as fat a a soda can, as rough as a sandpaper and harder than steel. Little
Caitlin's eyes widen in realization that this man is gonna fuck her and in her
current condition, i think she knows that the pleasure is gonna be one way and
it sure won't be hers ...

CLOAKlog entry 1

 I can hear the screams in the background, Iam sure Dog is having a great time,
but those shortsighted fools are simply enjoying themselves too much that they
have eliminated the possibility that the others might have survived. Freefall
was the first i have spotted, lying down on the ground the girl was crawling on
to my feet asking for help, her eyes widened as she saw me pull my two feet
katana from my shealth, her eyes frooze as she knew that i was not there to save
her but to kill her. But she was wrong, i was there to end her suffering, as i
swiftly lay my sword down ... her eyes blankly look on to the stars. The boy
named Grunge, and Sarah Rainmaker were dead on site as i cut both thier piont
fingers as proof to my employer,but fiore boy was missing ... he was behind me.
The noisy fool was a complete amatuer he unleashed bolt after bolt at me in
complete anger and frustration, the fool should have fall back and tend to his
wound, but his ego, pride and dedication to his comrades were his down fall. I
placed a shadow decoy to distract him (one of my powers) and before he even
knows what going on i was behind him sliting his throat. I scan the place some
more ... satisfied that no other survivors were there, i went on back to the
team.

DOGlog entry 1
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!

i guess there's still some scream left in her, she is completely limp in my dick
groaning like a drunkard, but when i nearlry ripped off her left tit, guess it
must have felt horrible, heh heh.

her hands cupped her ruined left tit as she babbles on and on, begging me to
stop, that she will do everything, to just kill her.  but i have more plans for
her, after all i was not paid to kill her just to make her wish that she was
dead.

"my god, please help me, noooo! i beg you please , anything i'll do
anythiAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGHHHH!!!"

Yeah just keep on babling my bitch! i gotta admit she is a fine fuck, her cunt
is as tight as a virgin!

and i just kept on pumping and pumping as her soft love hole was ripped to
sherds! being enhanced with a bladed dick i always enjoys fucking women to
death. The gush of blood was audible as i dislodge my member from her now loose
and bleeding cunt. Turning her over i can't wait to take her up on her ass! her
eyes grew big, begging me to stop, pleading me, just as i was about to punch my
angry member thourgh her, i heard a faint wimper "nooo..."

Then a hellish scream! she shitted herself, pissed her self, as i took pleasure
on her pain. i just pumped on and on until her asshole was loose and her butt
was bloody.

"Even in your state you are still beautiful, and my orders were to make you
weak, ugly, and useless" a huge grin decorates my face, i held the meaty right
tit in my hands finding her nipples. Using my thumb, i punched through soft
unyeilding flesh. Blood started to squirt out as her right tit caries a hole
though the nipple. her scream were anew, then i slowly opened her huge breast
like a flower.

caitlin's screams were different now, it is a cry of an animal near death, her
mind was almost gone. 

As to prepare my cu de grace, agent J focuses the camera to caitlin's gaping
form, i firmly held her unharmed tit and slowy i crushed my hand to a ball, as
her meaty breast was crushed within my hand blood squirted everywhere as voice
fails her scream. then i quickly ripped both her tits. the sudden pain placed
her whole body in shock, her eyes as wide as dinner plates as she looked on her
bare chest, on th gaping wound that where her once magnificent tits were. the
most beautiful part of this hero was no more.

i efficiently cauterize her wounds, poked both her eyeballs leaving her blind,
broken her last good arm making sure she can never use both of it anymore.
Pleased, as we have her on taped, we leave her to the sirens of the cops.

a whole fifteen minutes to complete a mission.  Just fifteen minutes and a
premire superhero team has gone.    



mail me who you want the next victim to be, and tell me who wants to hire the
assassins and what they want to happened. (it can also be non violent)

mail me comments

j_7734@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Charlie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





