BDSM Library - Don't Fuck With The Wrong Women's Husband




Don't Fuck With The Wrong Women's Husband
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I enjoyed dating married men till the man's wife found out and tortured me till I will never again date another married man.
Don't Fuck With The Wrong Women's Husband


	Me and Paul were seeing each other every chance we got.  He was excellent in
bed.  He was also a good friend. Something like a fuck buddy.  He was married
but I figured that just meant he was safe.  I knew that he was not seeing anyone
else but me and his wife.  With the problem of aids going around and all the
other sexual diseases I try to only see married men.  Well, me and Paul were
having a nice dinner and dancing and then we went to my house. We fucked for a
few hours and then it was time for him to go home to his wifey.  Great I was
tired anyway. 

	The next day, I found a note on my front door.  Honey can you meet me at my
campsite. He mentioned where it was and told me to be there at 10: a.m..  I
figured that I would pack lightly and be there on time.  He had never mentioned
that he liked camping and I figured that he had something special in mind.  The
rest of the note was weird especially the fact that it was typed and I have
never had a typed note from him.  Come to think of it, He really never wrote me
any notes.  It was a game of sorts.  There were orders to take.  My adventurous
side came out when I continued to read.  It really sounded fun.

	1. You are to arrive on time, for every minute late you will receive 5 whacks
	2. You are to enter the cabin
	3. You are to place the blindfold that you will find on the bed over your eyes.
	4. You are to take off your clothes with the blindfold on and make sure you
fold each item properly.
	5. You are to then open one of  the boxes that is on the bed with the blindfold
on. No Cheating!
	6. You are to reach in and put the item on.
	7. Then you are to open another box and put that on.

	When you have both items on I will enter the cabin.  At that time I will tell
you what to do next.  I am sure you can not figure out what I have in mind.

	I arrived on time knowing that being late meant a harder spanking.  I entered
the cabin and found the blindfold on the bed.  I immediately put it on tightly. 
I then started stripping for I knew he would be somewhere around and would be
watching.  I danced provocatively and took the items off one at a time and
folded them as best I could.  I then stumbled around the cabin to find the bed. 
There was three boxes on the bed and I picked the medium size one.  I opened it
up and it was a pair of hand cuffs.  I hurriedly put them on.  I was so excited
by now.  He never played games like this.  I was so hot.  I then reached and
found another box and hurried to open it.  It was a pair of nipple clamps with a
chain between them.  These were weird, he never had me put mine pair on.  But I
was excited and I put them on and tightened them up as much as I could without
to much pain. 

	As soon as I had the tit clamps on, I could hear him enter the cabin.  I was
dripping wet.  His hand reached out and tightened the hand cuffs and then
tightened the clamps till I was screaming.  I started yelling not so tight you
are hurting me. 

	I then heard a voice that I did not recognize.  A women's voice told me that I
was going to feel a lot more pain than that. I panicked and started screaming to
let me go.  She just laughed.  Bitch, you should not have fucked with my
husband.  Now you are going to pay.  I was crying and begging her to let me go,
but she just pulled me along outside while I was yelling and screaming. I told
her that I would never see her husband again.  But she just pulled me by the
chain through the woods.  I kept tripping and it would hurt my tits even worse. 
We came to some sort of cleaning because there was grass under my feet instead
of broken tree limps and dirt.  She then took and threw me to the ground.  The
air was knocked out of me and I just laid there begging her to let me go.  She
grabbed my left ankle and swung it where she wanted and I felt her putting a
rope on it.  The rope was then pulled tightly till I was pulled with it.  Then
she grabbed the other ankle and put a rope on it to.  Then she again pulled till
I was wide spread. I was screaming and begging. Then she took a bottle of some
kind and squeezed something up my pussy.  It was very thick. She then grabbed my
handcuffed wrists and pulled me till I was in a standing position.  She then
took the rope and tied it around my waist and pulled it from one side to the
other.  I could not move my lower half. 

	She then told me that she had seen me and Paul as we were having dinner and
then we went dancing.  Then she said that she was sure that Paul was fucking me
while we spent three hours in my apartment.  Am I right?  I told her yes, he
fucked me but I will never see him again.  I promise.  Just let me go.  No, my
dear, I have planned for this for quite some time.  See I knew that Paul was
having an affair but I could never catch who he was fucking.  But it just so
happened that I was in the neighborhood and saw you and him.  So I put my plan
into action.  You, my dear, are going to be one sore bitch.  I can promise you
that.  Let me explain,  I personally hate most bugs which I figure that most
women do.  I have been a bee keeper for some time and I like the way they have
their society.  Very strict.  So I decided that you could help me feed my little
bees.  She then took a bottle and poured something very thick on my tits.  She
smeared in all over my tender aching breast.  Then she took off the clamps and
smeared it on my nipples.  I let out another scream when she took the clamps off
my tits.  She then told me that her bees liked honey and she made sure it was
very thick so that it would not run.  She then released my handcuffed wrists.  I
tried to strike at her but I missed.  You won't have so much energy once you
stand her all day.  The sun blistering down on you and my little pets eating and
of course, biting once in awhile.  If you strike at them I am sure that they
will make sure you are covered with little welts. I placed a nice size mirror
under your cunt so that also will get the nice rays of the sun.  How does that
sound my dear?  Pleeeaaasseee, please let me go. I am sorry.  I will never do it
again.  Pleasee.  To that she just walked away and when she returned she said
that she had to put her protective gear on for she did not want to get stung. 
Now, here they come.  You enjoy your day. I am going to leave now and come back
this evening.  I have more plans for you later.  Bye.  I screamed as I heard her
leaving.  Please don't do this.  Please let me go.  Pleassee, Pleassee.  But, by
that time, the bees were crawling on me and I could not leave my mouth open for
fear that they may enter there.  I felt them crawling on me, all over but mostly
on my tits and entering my pussy.  It felt like there was a steady stream going
in and out of my pussy. I covered my face with my hands as best I could.  I
could not help but to move my upper half to try to keep them off, but when I
did, I would get stung.  I tried not to move, to just ignore the feelings of
crawling bugs in me and on me.  I could not believe what was going on.  I wanted
to die.  The pain of the stings was terrible and then for them to be inside of
me.  The day progressed and it was a hot scorcher.  She had made sure that both
sides of my body would get the direct sun at some time of the day.  The morning
hours, my back and my legs were getting the sunshine.  I do occasionally lay out
in the sun but that is for the max of and hour.  Here I was tied up in the sun
with bees crawling all over me.  My private parts that I would hope would be
spared the burning rays of the sun, seemed to be getting the full force every
minute. Those tender parts were burning very badly and I knew that they would be
sore for some time.  My back and my legs were getting heated up and I knew that
they were also starting to burn.  It must have been about noon and the sun was
now starting to shine its burning glaze on my front. I was needing a drink,  I
wanted something to drink so badly.  I was feeling very weak.  I could bend just
a short ways and then the rope would catch me.  I laid that way for quite
sometime.  But it also hurt and I had to straighten up because the rope was
starting to cut into me.  Even through the blindfold I could see the sun's
light. The bees kept stinging me every time that I would move more than a
fraction of an inch.  My arms, my legs and my whole body were now covered with
welts that I could feel swelling.

	By the way the sun was blaring in my face, I could tell it was early afternoon. 
I heard something in the woods.  I began to get a feeling that I might get
recused and I started yelling help, help.  Please help me.  I heard the foot
steps coming closer and then I heard the voice.  No body is here to help you.  I
just thought that I would come out and check on my favorite torture toy.  Are
you enjoying the sunshine my dear?  Please, please let me go.  I won't do
anything.  I will leave town, You will never see me again and neither will Paul. 
Every time that I spoke I would have to wave away the bees from my mouth and I
would again get stung. Oh honey, after I am though with you I am sure you will
never come close to Paul.  As a matter of fact, you may not ever see another
married man.  But since I am here, I thought that you would like a nice cold
drink.  She started to hook something up above my head and then she put a tube
in my mouth.  Then she took some tape and taped the tube in my mouth.  I made
sure it was nice and cold for you dear.  I am sure you will enjoy the drink as
much as you are enjoying your predicament.  I wi ll leave it dripping into your
mouth so that you do not dehydrated.  Isn't that nice of me?  Well, I will turn
on the drip now.  Enjoy.  The first taste of what I was hoping was water came to
me as piss.  Yep, she said, I saved all my piss lately just for you.  I had to
drink plenty of water and coffee to supply you with your life saving fluid.  You
will find out that the tube is made out of heavy plastic and I do not believe
that you can bite through it or bite down sufficiently to stop the flow.  Well,
I see that you are covered with stings.  The inside of your thighs are really
covered.  I do hope that you appreciate how much I have done to make this a
reality for you.   I am glad that you are so well endowed.  It seems that now
you will have to up the size of your bra.  My bees have made sure that your
breast increased in size by at least double.  The welts are just beautiful. I
wish that you could see them.  It seems that most of your body is turning a nice
shade of red.  I like red, don't you? I wonder if it would cause some pain if I
spanked those huge globes? Well, I see that you can't talk and since there is
nothing I wish to say to you, I will leave now. I was in extreme pain.  Every
movement meant that I would get stung again and I was so weak that I could not
stand. I again leaned onto the rope and for my efforts I got stung six times. 
The tube followed me to whatever position I went to.  My legs were giving out
and the rope on my waist would cut me when I did not stand.  The flies that came
around seemed to be even worse than the bees.  They would sting too.  But it
seemed that it was even more painful.  I could now fill blood from the cuts on
my waist running down my legs.  I could not believe that I could have lived
through this.  I wanted to just pass out but I stayed awake and in torture and
torment.  The droplets of piss entered my mouth was so foul but there was no way
to stop it.  I also needed to have the liquid for I knew that I was dehydrated. 

	It was late afternoon when again I heard the sound of footsteps in the woods. 
I could not imagine it not being her so I was not surprised when I heard her
voice.  Well, my dear, I hope you have enjoyed your day as much as I have.  I am
sure that you have lost your energy to fight so I think that I can untie you
quite easily.  She untied my ankles and then she put handcuffs back on my wrist. 
She then untied my waist.  It hurt so badly.  I am glad to see that you are not
allergic to bees.  That would have been terrible for my plans for you.  The bees
were all but back into their hive and there were only a few buzzing around but
of course, I had to get stung one more time.  Oh, I see you got stung again. 
Did that hurt sweetie?  By this time I was in so much pain.  As soon as she
untied the rope from my waist, I feel to the ground.  The tube in my mouth again
followed me.  She then took the handcuffed wrist and pulled me till I was again
standing.  I wanted out of there and away from those bees so I put all my
efforts into following her.  I noticed that the sun light was going away so I
figured it must be about 6pm. She led me into another area and it was softer on
my feet.  It had a mushy feeling.  Like walking on foam.  I was so glad to get
away from the bees that I did not think about where she was taking me.  All of a
sudden we stopped.  She then took a rope and tied it around the handcuffs.  Then
the next thing was that she was pulling me up onto my tiptoes. The cuffs cut
into my wrist and I was screaming a silent scream.  Then she said that she
wanted to see if it was as good for me as it will be for her to spank those nice
now huge tits.  I want you to tell me if you are enjoying it as much as I am so
I will remove your tube for a little while.  As soon as the tape was removed, I
started begging.  Please don't they hurt so badly.  Pleeeaassee.  That is a good
girl.  Beg nicely to which I will make sure that I will make you beg even more. 
I could hear the switch being torn off a tree and her breaking the air with it. 
Then I felt the power that she had behind her swing.  I again screamed,
OOUUUUUCCCCHHHHH. PLEASE STOP.  Again and again she brought the switch down on
my inflamed tits.  I was screaming and screaming on top of screams.  Each time
it would come down on a different spot.  The nipple first and then the rest of
the breast.  She even managed to hit the underneath with the same power that she
was hitting the tops.  This lasted only a few minutes but it was a lifetime to
me.  I do enjoy the color red.  Is it one of your favorite colors too? Again I
begged her to let me go.  I heard her picking something up that sounded like a
chain and the next thing I knew she was putting a nipple clamp over my extremely
puffed and sore nipple.  I again started screaming.  It hurt so badly, but I
knew that she would also do the other one.  She tightened it to the point that I
almost thought I was going to pass out and I was hoping I would.  Then she went
and put the other clamp on the other tit.  Again I was screaming and screaming. 
But she none the less, put the clamp on and tightened it till the pain was more
severe than the stings of all the bees put together.  Doesn't that feel good. 
It sure does look good.  I didn't think that those nipples as big and swollen as
they were would compress to b so thin. I really do not know how you are not
feeling wonderful. Your breast are now so big that any man would just love to
get there hands on them.  Your pussy is so swollen that even the smallest cock
would be hugged tremendously tight. 

	Well, that was just for fun.  I just wanted to see how you would react to the
feel of the switch coming down on those enlarged globes. I noticed that you
enjoyed it as much as I did and that was great fun. I am going to let those
globes go back to their nice swollen state.  She then took off the clamps.  That
even hurt worse.  I Screamed again.

	Well, back to the project that I have in mind for you.  I figure that you are
pretty sore by now, but I will let you have some more fun.  This time you are in
a wonderful swamp. A place that mosquitoes love and other living creatures.  I
have really never stayed the night in a swamp so I am not sure what spooky
things come out at night.  But I am sure that you will have plenty of visitors. 

	She took a spreader bar of some sort and spread my legs out as far as they
would go.  Then she untied the rope that was holding me up.  I feel to the
ground again.  Please do not do this.  Please.  I beg you not to leave me here. 
But my dear, you have places that have not been touched by the sting of an
insect.  I am sure that tonight will cure that little problem. She took a chain
out of the bag that she carried and connected it to my cuffs.  Then she placed
the chain around a tree and clamped it shut with I guess some kind of lock.  She
then went to the spreader bar and made sure that it was securely locked into
place.  The blindfold was my only protection from whatever came to call on me. 
It was not long that I was being bit by mosquitoes.  She then put the tube back
into my mouth and taped it shut.  I know that you have not had enough to drink
so I will increase the drip to a steady little stream.  I had to keep swallowing
to keep from choking. The mosquitoes were getting to be more and more apparent. 
They started to swarm around me.  I could roll over, It was hard with the
spreader bar but I could. But that only left them to eat me on the back side. 
She said good night and again left.  It was horrible.  I was already in so much
pain and then to have these bugs eating me alive was inconceivable. I tried to
swat them away with my handcuffed hands but that only made things worse.  I
tried to stand up but with the spreader bar on it seemed that it would be
impossible.  Finally I managed to stand but that did me no good.  They found me
no matter where I was or what position I was in. The bites in-between my legs
were the worst. They could bite my face and hands and everywhere.  Then I felt
something crawling on my foot.  I could not jump so instead I fell. I do not
know what it was but again I was screaming a silent scream.  All I could do is
swallow and allow the mosquitoes to have whatever blood they wanted to suck out. 
They were biting on my breasts and on my clit and my exposed ass hole. There was
just no way for me to keep from being bit.  I was itching and hurting all over. 
When I would  scratch would hurt from the bee stings.  If I tried to slap at a
mosquito that was biting, I again would aggravate the bee stings that was all
over my body.  The torment that I was going through was to much for anybody to
put up with yet I had no choice.  I only could drink the piss that was flowing
into my mouth and protect myself as best I could from the biting insects.  I
tried to take my blindfold off since I use of my handcuffed hands but found that
the blindfold had been retied and I could not even move it to get a glimpse of
the outside would of torture.  I laid down and tried to sleep.  I figured if I
could go to sleep that I would not realize the agony that I was in but that
proved to be a waste of time to even try. I was being attracted to badly by the
mosquitoes.  The night drug out for me there in the swamp with only bugs to keep
me company.  The pain the fear was always present.  I was now afraid that this
sick bitch was going to finally kill me.  No matter how much pleading I did with
her, it seemed she paid me no mind.  She only enjoyed it all the more.  The more
I pleaded and the more I screamed the more she was sure to do something even
more evil.  Could there be something that she could not think of?  I doubted the
thought that she would not think of something more evil than what she has
already put me through.  I laid being eaten alive with nothing I could do about
it.  I felt myself with my swollen skin.  I found other creatures living off my
body.  The best that I could figure was some kind of blood sucker had found my
leg tasty.  I checked more of my body, as best I could and found more blood
suckers.  I tried to pull them off but they were very well attached.  My mind
started racing on insects that carry diseases and mosquitoes were high on the
list and so was blood suckers.  I imagined that I was also the host of some
ticks.  They were another carrier of many diseases.  I broke down and just laid
there crying. My body being eaten more and more.  Then there was a sensation of
something crawling on my cunt.  I found out that I could not move my hands into
a position to grab the slimy thing.  I could touch it with my fingers but could
not grab it.  I assumed it was another leach and cried even harder.  I started
to finally drift off to sleep but then I did not swallow and I woke up being
choked.  The only release from the pain and agony was then taken away from me. 
If I was to go to sleep, I could choke to death.

The tears were at full facet  which complicated my problem for now my nose was
getting stopped up and I could not breath as good.  I decided to quit my crying
and try to do something.  But what could I do.  I could not get lose and I could
not keep the bugs and creatures from sucking on me.  Oh Damn,  it started
sucking on my cunt.  I could feel the boring of the needle like device boring
into my skin on my cunt.  It was a really weird sick sensation.  But it was
causing a sensation.  With the bees entering and exiting me also I had
sensations.  I was starting to fill myself getting wet.  How could I be getting
excited over this painful terrifying sick position that I was in.  But yet I
was. 

	This went on for some time and I started to actually move my hips.  The sucking
was so gentle but was so exciting for my body. 

	Then I heard a noise in the dark.  She is back and she is going to take me out
of this terrible place.  Please.  But I only felt a cold nose exploring my body. 
My God, its an animal.  I tried to move to get away from it but it seemed to get
even nearer.  I was terribly afraid that it would want me for dinner.  All of a
sudden it came to me what it was after.  As it started to hump my leg.  Oh no,
NO,  I could not even scream to frighten it. It soon found the warm and wet part
inside my outstretched legs.  It's nose was sniffing and his hunches were
humping.  No this can't be happening.  Not to me.  I tried to roll over but he
was in the way and I could not.  I finally tried again and rolled onto my
stomach hoping that it would not be able to enter me that way.  I laid there
trying not to panic.  But more panic was imminent.  He was now on top of me with
his cock at the entrance to my ass hole.  I tried to rise up so he would enter
my cunt instead but it was now to late and his lunge sent his stiff dick into my
terribly sore back door.  The pain was immense.  The hole was so sore from the
bees and the mosquitoes that the mer touch was extremely painful but now I had
an animals cock in me.  He fucked my sore and painful puckered up ass for only a
few minutes and then he swelled up. It was larger than anything I had ever had
up there and the pain was again extreme.  I tried to move away but his swollen
cock just kept moving as I did. It stayed in my back door for about 10 minutes
and then it finally slid out.  I was extremely happy that it was over.  He kept
licking me all over and sniffing me.  I tried to shu him away with my hands but
to no avail.  Then I again felt his dick at my tender and sore opening.  This
time I rose enough that he entered my shuddering cunt.  I was now between the
thoughts of how horrid this was and how good it felt.  I was picking my ass up
to meet his lunges.  It was a piece of relief in a situation so horrible that
anything could be better.  For the rest of the night, the animal or animals
would come and fuck me.  They would then swell up and stay inside for painful
minutes.  Then it would return and fuck me again.  I was by this time more sore
from the assaults than from the bites and stings.  I was to weak to even try to
keep him away.  The score on assaults was now five to the bruised and sore ass
hole and six to the tremendously sore cunt.  One time he even hit both holes
during his fucking.  All this time I was still getting eaten up by the bugs. 

	He was on his seventh fuck to my cunt when I heard a noisy in the woods.  It
had turned somewhat light out and I knew it was her.  When I heard her round the
clearing the animal was stuck inside me.  Oh, I see you have been enjoying
yourself.  Well, I will wait until he is done with you.  I am not about to keep
lovers apart unless its my husband you are fucking with.  But that sure does not
look like my husband so enjoy. 

	In just a few minutes his cock was going limp and he ran for the shelter of the
trees. 

	You must have a really magnetic twat to get even wolves to fuck you.  I think
that I can find a way for that magnetism to be reduced.  But first I want to see
how much you enjoyed your night camping under the stars.  Oh yes, you look
delightful.  You are just so full of bumps. 

	She bent down and released the terrible bar between my ankles.  I went to move
but could not.  I tried to move again but found that the pain of motion was so
extreme.  I kept trying to move and with extreme effort I brought my legs to a
more normal position.  They had been in that position for so long that cramps
ran quickly down both of my muscles. I wanted to scream but again only in
silence.  She saw the torment on my face and asked what was wrong.  She of
course, did not expect an answer.  She just said that maybe I had fucked to many
dogs that night. 

	Well, I am sure that you would like to leave this place so if you do not mind
will you please get up and follow me.  I tried to get up but the cramps were so
bad.  She grabbed my wrists and pulled me into a standing position.  The tears
were streaming down my face.  I tried to not cry for I knew I would have
problems breathing again but it was just to horrible. The pain that I was in was
so immense that I just pleaded to die.

	Gee, if I had known that you liked to fuck dogs, I would have brought my camera
so that my husband would have a good picture of you.  Did you give the doggie a
head job too?  Probably knowing you.  Well, my dear, have you had enough to
drink?  I don't want to take my piss back to the cabin.  Would you mind drinking
the rest quickly so we can go?  She turned the switch or something and the piss
came into my mouth at a rushing rate.  I swallowed as fast as I could but still
was choking.  Finally the jug was empty and she took the tube out of my mouth.

	The pain was terrible but I followed her out of the swamp and back into the
green and fresh smelling forest.  Then we continued on till I again was in the
cabin.  The cabin where this hell had all started and I was hoping it would end. 

	Well, my dear, have you had a pleasant night in the woods?  I fell on the bed
and pleaded to have this end.  Please let me go.  Pleeeaaassseee. 

	You know that naughty pussy of yours really got you into a mess.  I bet that
you really don't want to see any married men again.  But I am not a betting
person so I want to make sure that you will never see my husband or anyone
else's for that matter.

	She pulled me by my cuffs and roped me to the bed.  Then she pulled me down to
where I was just on the bed with my ass half way hanging off.  She then took
more rope and tied me to each of the bed posts so that I could not move forward
or backward.  My legs hung at a sore angle below the bed. 

	I kept begging her to please let me go but she did not pay any attention to me. 

	I had to borrow something from my husband for this part of your pleasure.  It
is, I think, called a rotating saber saw.  I took a blade and cut a hole in a
large, I am sure you prefer large, dildo and connected the dildo onto the blade. 
Well, anyway, it will fuck you till you are satisfied.  Then I will make sure
that your get the same treatment in your nice doggie fucked ass.  Won't that be
fun. She then brought out a machine and plugged it into the socket at the cabin. 
It roared to action.  She then brought a crate of some kind in between my legs. 
She set the machine on top of the crate and started it up. 

	I was screaming and begging and pleading.  But nothing worked.  She just kept
bringing that fuck machine closer and closer to my cunt.  Finally it was hitting
my cunt with tremendous strokes. I was screaming in terror and in pain.  The
beginning of that dildo entered my cunt and came out again only to enter again
and exit.  The pain was unbelievable.  The dildo was dry and my cunt was now dry
and it burned my skin.  She pushed it closer to me and it entered more or me. 
OOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU I screamed.  Again she pushed it closer. Again I let
out a terrifying scream. 

	This nice dildo I brought for you is only four inches in diameter.  I am sure
that you have had bigger.  No, maybe not.  Well, you are sure to enjoy it.  It,
unlike men, do not know the words, I'm to tired to fuck again.  I wouldn't want
you to get all excited and then have a man quit on you.  You wouldn't want that
either.  I can tell by your delightful screams of the pleasure we are having
over this fuck machine.  Well, I see you have taken about half of it so I will
let you have some more.  As she pushed the machine towards me I again was
screaming beyond belief.  If I tried to move up or down it only hurt worse. 

	Oh dear, I forgot to excite your breast.  I am sure that you like to have your
tits massaged while you fuck.  I again had to borrow a tool from my husband to
treat you so well.  This is called an air ratchet.  So long as the trigger is
pulled it will continue to tighten.  I am going to tie your tits up to make a
better hold on the socket. 

	She then started pulling my tits into a vice like tied up cone. Oh, that is so
much better.  You have such large tits.  Well, I guess they are a little
swollen, but they sure do look large being all tied up.  I guess you would use a
3" socket.  Maybe even bigger, but I am sure that the ratchet will get those
tits of your into a nice socket.  Let me show you how this will work.  First I
anchor the ratchet about your beautiful tit.  Then I put the socket on and turn
it on.  I have it on the low setting so that you can feel each time that it
pulls your skin into the socket.  It started to turn and my tit with it.  I was
now screaming in the most horrible pain of my life.  I would have lived with the
mosquitoes if I knew what would be next.  Well, I only have one ratchet so you
will only get to enjoy one at a time.  Now you go back to enjoying your new
found toys. 

	Again she pushed the fuck machine in closer and the dildo was now all the way
in. It only moved in and out a few inches but that was sure enough to cause me
immense pain.  Then with my tit being turned and compressed into a 3" socket I
finally passed out.  I was awakened by the aroma or smelling salts. Again the
pain was to much to bear and I almost passed out again but this time she had the
smelling salts there and I did not pass out.  I just screamed for her pleasure. 
Scream after scream.  I felt my tit being forced into a sideways twist.  Each
time the ratchet would tighten, my tit would feel like it was going to be torn
off.  My tit was up inside the socket and it was compressed to just a fraction
of what it was.  The pain was terrible and the pain in my cunt was tremendous. 

	She left me in my agony for awhile and when she came back she said that my
pussy has had all the pleasure it is going to get.  It is time for your tight
bun hole to get some attention.  Of course, I wouldn't take all your pussy
pleasure away.  I have a nice dildo for it.  It should go in real easily right
now.  She shut off the power to the fuck machine and the ratchet.  She pulled
the dildo out of my tremendously sore cunt.  Then she shoved up a huge vibrating
butt plug. She let the vibrations relax me than she put a pillow under my ass. 
I knew what was going to happen next.  She turned the machine on and it took off
stabbing at my sore bun hole.  Then she went to my tit and turned the ratchet on
but this time in reverse.  It hurt just the same taking that socket off.  As
soon as it was off, she placed on the other tit.  I again begged her to please
be merciful but she only said that she wanted me to enjoy all the toys and plans
that she had thought of for me.

	She turned on the ratchet and it commenced to tightening. It pulled my tit into
the socket with painful twists. At the same time my ass was getting the biggest
cock of its life.  With the dildo in my cunt, the machine was exerting some
problem getting into my small ass hole.  With each shove of the dildo toward my
sore ass it became even more intensified.  The pain was increasing if that was
possible. 

	The ratchet was twisting my tit into a painful French twist and my ass was
getting the reaming that I wished it was not receiving. The machine finally
penetrated my ass with the dildo and the pain was even more unbearable. It
seemed like hours that this bitch had the machine turned on but it only was for
about a half an hour.  By the time that she turned the machine off and the
ratchet off.  I was in some other land.  I no longer could feel my body. I was
in shock. 

	She untied my handcuffs and she then untied my lower half and told me to go and
get the hell out of there and to never see Paul again. 

	I swore that I would move from the apartment and leave no forwarding address. 
I left with the butt plug still inserted in my cunt.  I did not realize it till
I drove home and I went to sit in a tub of water.  I didn't answer my phone or
my door till I was well enough to move to another apartment in another town.  I
found a different job and I have never dated a married man since.  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Connie Miller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





