BDSM Library - The Vacation




The Vacation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman on a vacation is slowly tranformed into a white slave.
The Vacation (Or How I Became A Slave To A Dwarf)


All the usual disclaimers.  You must be over 18 to read this.  You have been
warned.  This is for adults only!!! 

It was to be our big get away.  It had been over three years since we went on a
vacation.  Mike and I had saved up enough money to really enjoy this trip to
Turkey.  I had always wanted to go there since my Great Grandmother came from
there. I am  an American with typical blonde hair and blue-green eyes.  I am
from California.  We booked a really great hotel, and the only problem was that
the airlines had lost one of Mike's bags so we were waiting for a call on that.
When we got to the hotel I became furious since they insisted we did not make
reservations and recommended we try the hotel down the street.  I was livid.

"What do you mean try another motel?  We registered for this one, now I demand
to see the manager!"  I yelled at the young woman.

"What seems to be the problem Ma'am."  The manager said.

"My husband and I registered a month ago and this woman is

telling me you don't have our reservations."

"Your name, Ma'am?"

"Susan Hamilton."

"Very well, I will check."

"I can't believe you wouldn't have it."  I said firmly.

"Well, it looks like there is nothing here.  I would gladly give you another
room but we are completely full, perhaps you can try the hotel down the street?" 
Now I was really boiling, this young prick just said exactly what she said.

"Look, here, this is already paid for on my card, why should we go anywhere
else?"

"Well, you are not here which means you will not be charged and  if you are we
will delete the charge from your account."

"Perhaps he is right, hon, we can just go to another hotel."  Mike said in such
a simple tone of voice, while I was so angry.

Just then, someone tapped on my hip, I turn around to look up but saw nothing.

"Down here Ms."

I looked down and saw a very little man, "my God, he was a dwarf!" I thought to
myself.  He was one of the ugliest men I had ever seen.  He had this huge head,
and a very pasty looking face.

"Wha...who the hell are you?"

"I am Mr. Gaul.  I am the bellhop at the hotel down the road.  I can  escort you
there if you like."

"Well, that would be very nice of you."  My husband answered  before I could
even get a word in edgewise.

"Mike, I am not sure I wan..."

"This way please."  And he took my luggage; I was very surprised at his
strength.

Once we got there I really became dejected it was such a dive.  Two stars at
best.  It seemed more like a motel instead of a hotel.

I asked the fat, gray haired man at the desk...

"Look, my husband is expecting a call from the airport, what is your number here
so he can refer them to it?"   He was so sleazy looking.  I lowered my eyes so
as not to make contact with his.  He told me the number and I immediately called
the airport to give them our number.

"How long you stayin, ma'am?"

"We are staying three weeks."

"Cash or charge?

"Charge, of course."  I frowned at his stupidity.

"Its $75.00 bucks a night."

"Seventy-five dollars a night, for this dump, you've got to be kidding?  We are
going somewhere else."  I fumed.

"Nuttin' for about 40 miles."  He smiled wickedly.

"Just give him the card dear."  Mike said.

"This is highway robbery, oh, very well, since you don't feel like driving
anymore."  I handed the man my card.  He checked it out.

"Sorry, ma'am this card has expired."

Now I was really turning red.

"What do you mean expired?  I know for sure it is good.  Please try that again,
we haven't much cash."  I said firmly.  He slid the card through again, with the
same results.

"I don't unders..."

"Nothing again, ma'am, sorry I must cut up this card."

"Oh, no you don't!"  I tried to get it from him before it was too late but he
cut it all up and just dumped it into the trash.  I almost felt like crying at
that moment from the embarrassment and the fact that we had very little cash.

"It's okay Susan, I have $150.00 on me."  Mike handed him the money.

"But what's that going to do, we are here for three weeks!"

"Well, I could always put you to work ma'am."  The fat, ugly, disgusting man
said, he was such a pig.

"The hell you will!"  I said indignantly.

"I will see if we can get some money wired to us babe."  Mike said.   Right
after that the little man came in again and took our bags onto a  cart.

"Room 66, ma'am." I took the keys.

"I am very sure you will enjoy your stay here Ms."  The dwarf said as he was
about to leave our room, a room that was as disgusting as the entire place, with
paint chips peeling and an ugly green carpet with red stains.  I wondered what
those red stains were from.

"What is your name?"

"As I said before, my name is Mr. Gaul."  He pierced into my eyes, gave me the
shivers.

"No, I mean your first name?"

"No need for that Ms.  You may call me Mr. Gaul, try it!"  He said sort of in a
commanding way, it took me by surprise.  I looked right down at him into his
eyes.

"Ah, um, yes, eh, Mr. Gaul."  I said in a funny, fumbling way.  I am not sure
why he got me so nervous.  I couldn't wait for him to leave.

"Now, that wasn't too hard was it Ms.?"  He gazed at me again.

"Ah...um, no, why of course not."  I said.  He then turned and left, and my
husband gave him a five-dollar bill.

"Mike, I hate this place, and it is so expensive, can't we go anywhere else?"  I
pleaded with him.

"We'll adjust hon, and besides I still need to get my other bag."

"But this room and that creepy dwarf?"

"Let's just ignore it and have a nice time here."

He pulled me towards him and took me in his arms and kissed me.

"Oh, all right, I guess we will have to make do."

Suddenly we heard a knock on the door.  It was the dwarf again.

"Sorry to disturb you but the airport called and said you could pick up you bag
now."  He said to my husband.

"Wow, that is great!"  My husband beamed.

"But won't they even deliver it?  I mean they are the ones who lost it!"  I
said.

"Well, they need an in-person confirmation on it Ms.  I will take your husband
to the airport."

"And leave me here, Mike?"

"It will only be for a few minutes.  I will be right back."

"Well, I suppose I could use a shower, and I will be nice and fresh for you when
you get back."  For some reason the dwarf was starring at me at as he began to
open up the door.  They both left.

This was the beginning of my nightmare, or maybe I should say the birth of the
new me.  At the time I had no idea what was going to happen, but it would change
my life and my husbands forever...

Mr. Gaul took Mr. Hamilton to his car and told him to drive it.

"But I am sure you are more familiar with the roads than I am."  Mike said.

"I will sit in the back, drive now."  It was more like a command, but before
Mike could even turn the key in the ignition, the dwarf leaped up from behind
the seat and jumped on his head, he took out some chloroform and smothered Mike
with it and he was out cold. He proceeded to tie Mike up with robe all over his
entire body, and then he put a gag in his mouth.  Just then, the fat man from
behind the desk came out to help Mr. Gaul with Mike; he hoisted Mike on his back
and put him in the trunk of the car.

"Wow, I bet this new bitch will bring us tons of money."

"Shut up Lennie, and go back to your post."

"Yes, Sir."  Mr. Gaul actually seemed to be the one in charge of  the place even
though he chose to be the bellhop.

The dwarf immediately proceeded to room 66 where Susan Hamilton was and knocked
on the door.  She hadn't even taken off her clothes yet to take a shower, she
was still unpacking and putting things in drawers and on hangers.

I heard the knock and wondered who that could be right now.  I never expected to
see the dwarf again.  I looked down at him.

"So what do you want now little man?"  I couldn't believe I said that but I
wanted to show him who was boss since he had been trying to intimidate me with
his stares.

"You will address me as Mr. Gaul from now on, do you understand slut?"  He
shouted out loud.  I was stunned at his response.

"What the hell did you call me...how dare you?  I will get your ass fired so
fast..."  With that he quickly barged in and caught me off guard as he moved me
backwards, but I maintained my balance.  Then he closed the door and locked it. 
I started to scream.

"Help, help, help!  I then ran towards him to kick him but he held my leg and
bent down to bite my shin, he did the same thing with my other shin.  The pain
was incredible.  I reached down with my arms to pry him loose with my hands but
he just grabbed them with his hands and pulled me forward.  My own weight landed
me right on my face and breast. He quickly leaped up and jumped on to my back
with all his weight.  I thought his feet would go right through me.  I gasped
for air as the wind was knocked out of me and my breasts were crushed down into
the green carpet. He then reached for my chin and pulled my head back.  He was
so strong for a little man, this dwarf had me helpless, I wriggled to try and
break free but the more I tried the more tired I got and the more I felt as if
my neck and back were going to break from his pressure.  He looked into my eyes
while holding my head back.

"Open your mouth slut!  Open it nice and wide!"  He commanded me. I tried to
break free again but the pain was awful.  I slowly opened my mouth as best as I
could with all the pressure he was applying to my jaw.

"M....eh, eh..." I grunted and then he spit right into my mouth.  It was think
and slimy and I almost vomited, but he clamped my mouth shut with his hands.

"Now, bitch, swallow it, swallow my juicy, think spit, do it now slut!"

I felt sick but there was nothing I could do as he stroked my throat with his
other hand.  His hands were huge and thick for his little size.  I swallowed his
spit; I swallowed for all I was worth.  Then he slapped my cheeks twice and got
off of me.

"Scream again and I will break your neck altogether!"  He bored into me with his
eyes and I became a silent as a ghost.  "Now stand up!" He commanded.

I stood up and slowly pulled my skirt down with tears in my eyes.

"Now, what is my name slut?"

"M...m....mr. Gaul."  I could barely speak.

"And what is your name?"  He asked as I looked down at his tiny body feeling
helpless at how he was able to control me.

"S...s....sl..ut."  I choked the words out.

"Louder so I can hear you!"

"S...slut, slut, my name is Slut."  I raised my voice for him.

"Well, now that you know your new position in life we can continue bitch.  You
thought you could just beat me because I am just a dwarf, well I kicked your ass
and now I am going to open it up."

I shuttered at what he was saying.

"That's right, slut, I am going to open up your ass and your pussy.  I am going
to stretch them so wide you will never be satisfied by your husband's cock
anymore."  He sneered at me and smiled wickedly."

"P....please, why are you doing this?"  I asked meekly.

"Because I just love taking high and mighty bitches like you down a peg or two."

My instincts kicked in.  I got a jolt of courage...

"When my husband gets back..."  He cut me off.

"Your big, bad hubby is having a nice little nappy somewhere, he won't be coming
back for a while."

I got real scared when he said that.

"Y...y....you didn't kill him..."

"No, but I can very easily so you better do everything I say slut, is that
clear?"  He looked up at me with that pasty, large face of his.

"Please, don't hurt me, please..."  I was begging.

"Come here, slut, I want to get a good look at your pussy."

I hesitated, but then he shouted at me.

"I said come here, bitch, stand over my face and hold out your skirt."

I moved over to him.  My legs were like jello.  I held open my skirt for him and
he walked right under me.  I let my skirt down and felt him between my legs.  He
pulled my panties over to one side and stuck his tongue in my pussy.  His tongue
seemed so wet and long, he was very good at licking me.  I tried and tried not
to respond, but after about 10 minutes of this constant licking I couldn't take
it anymore and my pussy began to get wet.  I couldn't believe that this
disgusting little man could get me wet.  He was so ugly, but he was right
between my thighs and I found myself gripping them around his tiny body, he was
making me hot.  In my mind I couldn't believe it, I was ashamed and wondered
what my husband would think of this.  I had never even let him suck my pussy
ever.  Then he started licking my clit as well.  I even began to moan some, but
after about 20 minutes of this he pulled out.  My hands almost instinctively
went to touch my pussy through my skirt, but he stopped me by slapping my hands
away from it.

"No, no, you little slut.  No playing with your pussy unless I tell you to, do
you understand me cunt?"

"Y....y...yes, Sir."  I said that with knees wobbling and an aching, hot pussy. 
I was so ashamed I could not look into his eyes.  How could he, this dwarf, get
me so wet, how?  This is what I kept asking myself.

"Well, slut, I think you are just about wet enough to put on a show for me, so
why don't you begin by slowly removing your clothing.  I want you to do a really
slow and erotic strip tease for me, and make it good slut!"

My body was on fire, but my shame let my senses kick in and I begged him to
stop.

"P....please Sir, please, stop this, let me go, I....I won't tell any one..."

"Slap yourself in the face right now slut!"  He said with fire in his eyes.

I was so scared of him beating me up again, so I slapped my own face, it was the
most bizarre sensation I ever had.  It hurt and I was doing it to myself;
voluntarily hurting myself for this ugly dwarf.

"Again, slut, and on each side, that's it, harder and faster, back and forth, do
it you fucking bitch!"

I began to cry from the pain of my own slaps.  I was exhausted and totally
defeated at the commands of this little man.  I started slowing down just from
shear emotional and painful exhaustion.

"All right slut, that's enough, will you ever disobey me again?"

"N...n....no S.....sir, p....p...please..."  I quivered in fear, as tears were
flowing from my eyes. My face was all red and painful.

"Now, the striptease and you had better make it good.  Start by slowly moving
your hands on your skirt, sensuously bringing it up to your thighs, do it now my
little slut!"

He stared at me and moved closer like under my skirt.  I began to slowly gyrate
my body, moving my hands like an erotic dancer all over my body, starting with
my skirt.  I felt like some hooker, suddenly, truly becoming a slut for this
dwarf.  He put on a radio in the room.  It played some weird Turkish music.  He
commanded me to twirl around and move my hands across my breasts.

"That's it slut, play with those nice tits for me, roll them around and pinch
them, show me what a whore you really are!"

I moved faster and I could feel my pussy getting drenched as I used my fingers
to play with it under my skirt.  It was like his eyes just made me do
everything.  He was slowly turning me into his slave.  I started removing my
clothing and tossing it just like a little hooker doing a cheap dollar show for
my new Master.  "Why was I thinking about him as a Master?  How could he be
controlling me like this?"  Finally he told me to stop and keep my bra and
panties on.

"Good girl, what a good little slut you have become.  Now take your fingers and
put them in your mouth.  I want you to pretend you're sucking on my big, juicy
dick, and taste you own juices, slut.  Take you finger and finger fuck your
cunt, open it up for me and then suck, do it bitch!!"

I started to feel so very helpless and horny.  I stroked my own pussy and clit
with my fingers like I had never done it before.  I sucked on my fingers so
lewdly, like I was a two-bit whore or a nymphomaniac.  Something was happening
to me.  I was enjoying his control.  I was loving every minute of exposing
myself to this ugly, little man.  "Why couldn't my husband come rushing in to
save me?  Was he safe?  Could I even stop myself now?"  These thoughts kept
rambling in my mind over and over again.

While I continued whoring myself, and humping on my own fingers for him, I saw
him go to my handbag and dump all the contents out of it.  What was he doing?  I
wondered and he finally spoke.

"Now, you know that you were unable to pay your bill, so what are you going to
do slut?  You are booked here for 3 weeks and you are way short of what you owe
me?  Tell me what can we do about that?"

"Please Mr. Gaul, oh, please let my husband and I go, I will tell no one
anything and we will never return here. Please let us..."

"But you owe me money, and you no longer have a credit card or any cash, isn't
that right Slut?"

"Y....yes Sir, but..."

"Shut the fuck up!  Now all you have here is your License, ID and Passport, plus
return tickets back home, now watch this slut!"

He went into a drawer and pulled out a pair of scissors, he began to cut up all
my cards, they would be useless now.  Then he looked at my tickets and then back
at me with a really strange grin on his face.

"You are probably very hungry slut, so I am going to feed you.  Now, as part of
your new diet you are going to eat these tickets for me."

He moved towards me while waving them at me.  I screamed out...

"NO, no, I won't, please, I can't no....."

"On your knees, slut!"  He looked up at me with those horrible eyes again.

I was wobbling as I got down on my knees in front of this midget.  He tore one
ticket out...

"Now, open your fucking mouth bitch, that's it open up nice and wide!"  Then he
shoved the entire thing into my mouth, "Now chew my dear!  Do it now slut, chew,
that's it.  I want you to chew it all up and swallow it, here let me spit into
your mouth to help you.  Open!  Good girl."  And he spit inside me and then
commanded me to close and chew again.  He began to rub my throat as he realized
the paper was getting smaller.

"Owmph, owmph, owmph!!"  I was chewing and he made sure I could not stop.  His
fingers playing with my jaws and mouth, finally I swallowed it all down.  I felt
some of it rip my throat, but it all went down.

"guuuh...gulp."

"Now, open!"  And he spit several times in my mouth again. "Good girl, this will
help you so you can swallow the rest, and on he went, until all four copies were
gone.

"Did you enjoy your meal, slut?  Ha, ha, ha..."  He broke out into laughter. 
"How does that belly feel now that it is stuffed with paper?"  And he slapped my
stomach with a hard, open hand, and I winced.

"Take off your panties and sit here in the middle of the room, slut!  Do it
now!"

I completely obeyed him.  I thought he was insane now.  I was terrified, but
still my pussy was so wet, oh the shame of it all.

"I will be right back, now don't you dare move, slut, or I will make you eat
things you never dreamed of."  He said this to me while picking up my chin with
his hand and looking directly into my eyes.  I felt as though he was looking
right into my soul.  I shivered inside.

He left the room. I thought about using the phone to call the police or even
just getting up and finding a weapon or just trying to escape and run out of
there, but it was like I was paralyzed by this little man, this dwarf who was
completely controlling my mind and body.  My pussy was leaking right on the
carpet, and every time I tried to get up I thought better of it.  "What would he
do to me if I disobeyed him?  And why was his control turning me on?"  I thought
about what I had just done, eating paper tickets for him.  I fingered my pussy
while thinking about it, why I was wet from this humiliation.  My mind went on
and on.  He seemed to be controlling it!

About an hour later he came back into the room.  I was almost starting to nod
off on the floor, when he clapped real loud.

"Wake up, wake up my little slut!  It is time to continue your training and my
friend Lennie here is going to help us."

I was disgusted to see that fat man from the desk here with him.  I wondered
what he meant exactly.  I was sitting up again on the rug.

"Now up on your knees, slut!"  I complied immediately.

"You won't have to worry about your husband any more since he has been shipped
back to the United States in a crate."  He started a sinister laugh.

I was in real terror now.  I knew that no one could help me.  I was completely
alone now and had to survive.  Still, with every word he said my pussy got
wetter.  My own thoughts were humiliating me.  There I was kneeling for him with
just a bra on and almost eagerly awaiting his next command.  "How could I stoop
so low?"

"You will spread you legs nice and wide for me.  No knees touching, spread them
now bitch!"

I move my legs apart as far as I could.  I watched as Lennie went and unlocked a
secret closet inside the regular closet.  I had no idea it was there.  He pushed
through my clothing to get to it.  He took a large amount of rope out and
brought it to Mr. Gaul.

"Well now, I think we will just tie you thighs out so they can't come together
and we will do the same with your arms.  Isn't that great slut?" He said while
slapping each thigh on the inside, "That's it keep them spread you fucking
whore." He said.

He tied my thighs as wide as I have ever felt them.   I thought I would just
sink into the carpet as my knees spread out.  I felt rug burns from it.  He
attached the rest of the rope to two hooks that were bolted to the ceiling.  I
had no slack to move them in either direction.  He then took my wrists and tied
them to two other hooks and now I was spread like an eagle but on my knees.  I
could barely move.

"Comfy."  He patted me on the head.  I just coward down with my eyes.  I was
afraid of his stare now.  It always penetrated into my soul somehow.

"Now, Lennie, you may begin to open up our little new slut here."

The fat man got down on his knees and started towards me.  The vile, disgusting
pig was moving closer to me, what was he going to do?  My eyes became wide open. 
I was terrified.

"Thank you, Sir, I always like to break in the new bitches."  Lennie said.

"Extend you pussy to him, Slut, push it out as far as you can."

"Please, Sir, no...."

"Arguing with me?" He shouted.

I immediately did as I was told.  It was hard considering the way the ropes had
me spread so tight and out, but after some pushing I managed to get my pussy up
and out for Lennie.

"Good girl."  The dwarf grinned at me.

"Now Lennie you will start with one finger inside her pussy."

"Yes Sir.  Okay bitch here it comes open up for papa!"

He plunged his finger in my tight, little hole.  He moved it in and out and
started to make real friction, as he was so rough.  My God, I thought he was
going to tear me up with his finger, but slowly my pussy was responding and it
became very wet and loose.

"Good, now the second finger."  Mr. Gaul said.

"Ewwwwww!!!  Emmmm!!!"  I started to buck as the second finger went in deep with
the first, and before I knew what was happening a third and fourth finger went
inside of me as the dwarf kept commanding Lennie.

"Owe, no, Master, please it is too much, it is stretching me too much....please
make him stop!  Ehhhhhh, ehhhhhh, ehhhhhh!"  I screamed as the fingers went
deeper into my cunt.  My pussy was dripping wet and I could see the stain
already in the carpet.  There was some blood there too.  Now I found out why
there were red spots on the green carpet.  I was so ashamed; humping this fat,
ugly man's fingers and beginning to moan from it.

"Ohhhhhhhh, ohhhhhhhhhh, mmmmm!!!"

"That's it Slut, ride him, fifth finger now, Lennie!"  He shouted out.

I could not believe it my pussy was now taking his entire fist inside of me, he
move it up further to where his hand was gone now to his wrist.  He pushed if
even further deeper and deeper, it seemed he would not stop till half his arm
was inside me and pumping in and out and in and out.  I was having multiple
orgasms now, humping him up and down.

"OOOOOOOhhhh, emmmmmmmm, ewwwwwww, uuuuuuuuummmmmm!"  I was definitely coming
all over the place.

Then he abruptly pulled it out.  I was panting from exhaustion and still rubbing
my pussy along the rug.  I could hardly feel my outstretched thighs, as my groin
seemed like it was going to split.

"Very good, slut, you have now be opened up.  Do you think your husband's cock
could ever please you now?"  Mr. Gaul asked.

"Answer me, slut!"  He commanded.

"um, n.....no Sir."  I said.

He then proceeded to take a short but fat tube that Lennie fished out of the
closet.  He stuck it in my pussy and tied it to it.  It was like about half the
size of Lennie's whole arm.

"There, that will keep you nice and wide for the night; keep you stretched out
until your new guests arrive tomorrow."

"Owwwe!! Eh!"  I moaned.

"Now, Lennie, untie her but not the pussy tube."

I could not walk; my groins were pushed out as wide as they would go. I
collapsed to the floor and Lennie picked me up and put me on the bed.

"Now you will sleep there until you are needed tomorrow, you will service many
men for me then.  If you remove that tube or adjust it, I will know.  If you do,
there will be hell to pay tomorrow bitch!  Now get some sleep, lots of protein
shakes tomorrow."  The dwarf smiled, and then he and Lennie left the room.  I
was now alone on my bed and in the dark with a fat tube holding open my pussy. 
My juices were beginning to flow again.  Even after this entire ordeal my pussy
was still hot and now I was almost looking forward to more of Mr. Gaul's
degrading humiliation.  "What was I becoming?"  And he spoke of protein shakes;
my thoughts were now out of control as I tried to drift off to sleep.  I was
only able to sleep for a few hours as I had frightening nightmares most of the
night.  For some reason the dreams seemed to be waking me back up to reality,
and, for the first time, I decided I was going to try to stand up to Mr. Gaul,
that fucking dwarf that had made my life a sudden nightmare, but I had to be
strong somehow and not let his eyes and humiliation mesmerize me any more.  I
had to stop the lusting in my groins.  I knew it would be difficult but I was
angry now.

I was awakened at about 7:00am by a girl named Julia who was doing the maid
duties for this hotel.  She also removed the tube from my vagina and told me to
stay put.  I looked down at my pussy and realized it was bigger than I had ever
seen it, it was huge.  You could stick a truck in it.  That son-of-a-bitch
turned my slit into a huge, stretched out hole just like he said he would.  My
anger was growing.  Then speak of the devil, Julia left and he came in.

"Well, good morning, my new whore?  How are we this morning?"

I decided to run right up to him and try to scratch him but because he was so
low to the ground I tripped and fell down as he avoided me.

"You will pay for that bitch!  Remember today you were to be visited by several
men but I have postponed that for a bit since a dear friend of mine is in town,
say hello to Madame Cong!"  He opened the door.

"Fuck you!"  I said picking myself up off the floor.

"Well, she hasn't learned much has she?"

"My apologies Madame, but you should have see her last night just like a true
bitch in heat, and look what I have done to her pussy."  He said.

She was a short woman.  She had on a black leather two-piece and high heel
boots. Which made her appear taller.  She had long black hair.

"Yes I see, my what a split open cunt you have?"  She said.

"And fuck you too, lady, I am no lesbian!"  I said feeling my strength return,
it was a big mistake.  I got the biggest slap across my face that I can
remember.  She was quick and sudden.  It was a back slap from her open hand.  I
crawled backwards on the bed.  The fear was returning again.  I thought I would
be brazen, but these people were viscous.

"Before I am through with you, you will be and fuck whatever I tell you to fuck,
is that clear?"  I didn't respond.  I noticed that Mr. Gaul made way to leave
the room and left us alone.

"Your name used to be Susan Hamilton, but I understand it is Slut now, is that
so?  You had better answer me Slut!  Is that so?"  She demanded.

I was real scared she would hit me again, so I complied with her.

"Y...yes."  I said real low.

"Yes, what?"

"M...my name is s....slut!"  She was beginning to have the same effect Mr. Gaul
had on me, scared but turned on some how.

"You will address me as Ma'am or Madame is that clear Slut?"

"Y....yes Ma'am."

"Good, now I know that I could beat submission out of you, but I have other
techniques. I want you flat on this bed now, and on your back!"

"Pl....lease, M....Madame, please let me go, leave me alone." I cried.

"You heard me, slut, on the bed, and off with your clothes. You will lie flat
down on your back.  Do it now you bitch?"

I moved back down as she commanded.  I removed my clothes first.

"Hem, nice piece of ass for an American tourist.  I will make wonderful money
peddling you in Thailand, my sweet little whore.  That's it bitch, strut
yourself for me, show me how you can pout just like a sexy whore for my eyes."

She was observing my body almost the way a camera would.  I found myself sort of
moving for her like a whore.  "What was wrong with me?"  I was whoring myself
for her!

"Now lay back and be still, bitch.  We are going to play the finger game.  I am
going to put pressure on your sweet little clit and you will do your best not to
respond to it.  I'll bet you won't even be able to control yourself.  I will not
move my finger but it will rest hard with direct pressure to your clit, and I am
sure your pussy will get wet for me.  I have been know to do this for hours if
you disobey me, so you better behave!"  She looked directly in my eyes.  He long
black hair seemed to swallow me up as I looked right back at her, but then
again, I had a moment of rebellion...

"Fuck you, I am no lesbian, you dyke!"

She did nothing but smile at me, there was no slap this time, and then she
simply got on the bed and got close to me.  She held me with her left arm and
she placed her right-hand finger right on my clit, she pressed hard and kept it
there and just kept looking at me.  I was trying furiously to not respond to her
but after just ten minutes I was beginning to buck some, sort of frigging my
pussy harder to her finger.  I could tell she sensed this.  After twenty minutes
my pussy was sopping wet, and I was beginning to slide up and down a bit.

"So my little whore is not a lesbian, is that so?"  She chided me.

"I think right now, my little whore would do anything to cum all over Madame's
finger.  She would even lick my cunt if I told her to."  She smiled.

"Ohhhhh, ohhhh, emmmmmm...."  I was beginning to moan for her.

"That's it my lesbian whore, you want to fuck my finger, you want it so bad, but
you can't have it can you?  I can play with you all day like this with my
finger.  You won't even be able to think after this."

I was losing control.  I wanted to get her finger inside of me to make me come
but she would not budge, she just kept going back to the pressure point and I
was becoming frustrated with severe arousal.  This went on and on.  I kept
trying to fully come but could not and she kept applying the pressure to my
clit.  I was gyrating all over the place after an hour, and then Mr. Gaul came
in.  She stopped, and I immediately went for my pussy with my fingers, and she
slapped me in the face.

"Don't you dare, Slut!"  She said.

"Here is you bag Madame."  The dwarf said.

"Thank you, Mr. Gaul."  She said.

"How is she coming along Madame?"  He smiled at me.

"She will already do whatever I say.  I can tell.  Please leave us now."

"As you wish Madame."  Mr. Gaul left the room.

Madame Cong opened up her bag and produced this strange looking cock thing.

"This my little whore is a cock feeder.  It is a gag and feeding device all in
one.  This bag is filled with a gallon of sperm juice.  I am sure you are hungry
for it."  She smiled with delight, but with sinister eyes.

"No, no, please, mphhhh!"  I said as she shoved it into my mouth.  She then
secured fasteners to my face and hooked the bag which was on a hook to the
bedpost.  The liquid came down slowly but surely, once it got to my mouth I had
no choice but to suck it down or choke the choking was not pleasant at all.  She
would periodically squeeze the bag so more sperm would come down into my mouth. 
I was eating sperm.  I could feel it entering into my belly.

"That's it slut, suck it, suck it all the way down your mouth, pretend it is a
big juicy cock from some dirty old man you are blowing on a street corner.  Suck
it, suck it good you bitch!"

"mphhhhh, mphhhhhh, putsssz, mphhhh, putssssz, mphhhh, putsssz..."  I was
sucking for my dear life to prevent choking, I swallowed and swallowed,

"gggggga, ggggga, ggggga...."

"That's it my little bitch all the way down and inside you, now it is finger
time again."  And she put that finger back on my clit again.  It was all
starting up again, like a slow, sensuous torture.  My pussy was on fire from her
pressure point.  This went on for at least another hour.  I was still sucking on
the cock-gag-feeder and my pussy was insane with desire for her fingers now.

"Does this little clitty want my fingie?  Does it my little whore?  That's it,
rub up and down on Madame's fingie!"

Her voice made matters worse.  Everything she said turned me on like I could not
focus on anything but her finger, even the feeding gag was forgotten in my mind. 
All I could think about was coming on her finger.

"I'll bet that Ms. Hamilton never thought she would want to fuck another woman's
finger, now would she?  Or that she would become some sleazy, little whore for a
dwarf and a Madame, hem, precious? That's it, you just keep playing with
Madame's fingie.  All you want is Madame's fingie, all you need is Madame's
fingie, Madame's fingie is your only world right now and you must obey you
Madame, obey her fingie and you cannot stop. The slut in you wants only to
please me and you do want you please me don't you my slut?" She removed her
finger and took the cock feeder out of my mouth.

"Oh, yeeeees, please Madame, please give me your fingie, please, Madame, oh
please, please let me come, I need to come, pleaaaaaaaaase!!!"  I began to beg
and I was even talking like her.  I was lost in her finger.

"Well if that is what my slut wants she will get it, but I want you in-between
my legs and licking my pussy right now whore.  I am going to prove to you what
an absolute, lesbian-slut whore you really are Ms. Hamilton!"

I could not contain myself.  I ran between her legs and licked her pussy.  I had
never licked a woman's pussy in my life and here I was sucking on it and licking
it like a dyke.  I had lost complete control of my own mind and body.  She was
turning me into the lesbian that I said I was not.  "Who was I now?"  God, if my
husband only knew how low I had sunk, what a whore I had become.  My God, I
wanted her finger so bad I would have done anything for it.

"Such a good little bitch, and you said you were not a lesbian.  You fuck like
one, whore, and if you are a good little girl you may just get my fingie!"  She
was rolling her hands in my hair, pulling me inside of her cunt.

"You thought you were stretched out with your pussy, just wait till I get done
with your ass!" She bellowed out.

I was feeling a bit shocked by her last comment.  "What was she going to do with
my ass?"  I thought, but still, for her finger I would do anything at this
point, so I continued to lick and suck her juices, and finally she came all over
my mouth and tongue.

"Swallow, bitch!"

I did.

"Good slut, now get off me and get up on you knees, show me that pretty little,
white ass of yours!"  She was still panting from my performance on her pussy.

Madame watched me push my little ass outward for her, I was hoping this would
get me her finger.  Instead I saw her go over to the phone next to the bed and
call to the desk.

"Bring in the dog!  She said loud and clear on the phone so I could here her.

"What!  No, please, Madame, surely you would not do this to me please, Oh, God,
not a dog, please, not a dog!!!"  I was screaming now in terror.  I wanted to
run, but where would I go?  I prayed inside that she would not make do something
so filthy as this.

The door opened and in came Lennie, with leash in hand and a great big Dane came
marching with him.  He was big and tan and a very beautiful animal.  I could see
his cock was already hard between his legs.  I was shuttering in horror at
taking it inside me.

"Don't worry bitch, your pussy is not worth Buster's pretty cock, and you
wouldn't even feel it up there since Mr. Gaul stretched it so wide, but in your
ass, now that is a different story."

I couldn't believe what she was saying.  My ass was going to be fucked by a
Great Dane, a dog, my mind swirled.

"Please Madame Cong, not in my ass, please, I promise to be good from now on,
please, don't!"  I begged and begged, but she would not listen.

"Shut up Slut!  Now, Buster, mount your new bitch!"  She commanded and the dog
listened immediately.  Lennie let him loose and he immediately jumped on the bed
like nothing and playfully licked my ass and then he mounted me.  I could feel
Madame's hands helping him rape my ass.  She spread me wider and pushed his
thingie inside me. Once it finally got in is seemed to just lock in there like a
big knot was in my asshole.  I screamed in agony.

"Owwwwwwwwwwee!   No, ehhhhhhhhhhh!, owwwwwwwwe!,ple....ase, owwwwwwwe!!!"

Then he started humping me and I found that my pussy was getting wet again.  A
dog was fucking my ass and I was responding just like a bitch in heat!

"That's it Buster, fuck her good and deep and hard just like the bitch she is. 
Remember when I said to you that you would fuck anything for me, well, you
should not have tempted me Ms. Hamilton!"

Madame was so cruel to allow a dog to fuck my ass.  In just a couple of days I
had gone from a beautiful woman on a vacation to a bitch in heat and for a dog
no less.  I bowed my head in shame as the dog came and shot his load deep inside
of me.  I was still playing with my pussy.

"Just can't get enough of that pussy can you bitch?  You better not move too
soon or he will rip up your ass.  He has to be dismounted properly."  And Madame
helped the dog out of my ass and called up Lennie again on the phone.  He came
in and removed the dog.

"Well, well such a pretty ass, but I am going to open it up just like Mr. Gaul
opened up your cunt!"  Her voice was vicious.  I was scared.

She opened up her bag again.  This time she pulled out an enema bag.  She went
to the bathroom with it to fill it up.  When she came back with it filled I
began to beg again.

"No, not an enema, please, I don't like those, please, you can do whatever you
want to me Madame, but please, not an enema." 

"I am already doing whatever I want to do you to bitch.  Now bend over!  This
bag holds about a gallon of water and you are taking all of it.  I can't be
putting my hand up an ass that is filled with shit, understand Slut!"

She also took out a large dildo.  It was rather ugly and bumpy, and had the look
of veins popping out of it.

"Spread em wide now Ms. Hamilton, Madame is going to clean her girl properly." 
And she shoved the nozzle inside my ass and attached the bag to the bedpost.

"emmmmmm, ewwwwwwwww, emmmmmmm..."  I moaned as the water began to fill me up
inside.

"That's it Slut, enjoying it, I will make you pop your belly way, way out for me
and then I will stick this dildo up your ass and tie it there.  This will keep
all the desired water inside you for as long as I like.  Ooh, look at that
bitch, your belly is getting really full now, nice and fat, just the way I like
it pig! Oh, yeah, just a fat little piggy now!"

She patted my distended belly and rubbed it like I was several months pregnant. 
She finished the entire enema and then popped in the dildo.  She tied it in my
ass with rope which she secured around my waist.  It was a bizarre feeling.  My
stomach was aching but my pussy was throbbing.   The sensation of seeing it
popped out like that, and the feel of all of the water inside me, and the dildo
shoved up my ass was a feeling I had never had before.  This woman was making me
do such dirty things that I had never nor would I have ever dreamed to do
before.

"You like that my little pregnant girl?  Oh, yeah, I can tell that piggy likes
it very very much.  Push that belly out for me piggy!"  She commanded.

I pushed my stomach way out, it was not hard to do, and it was so big.  I did
look pregnant.

"That's it, out further," slap! slap!, slap! She kept hitting me with the palms
of her hands right on my belly, like she was trying to weaken my hold on the
water.

"What a slut, look at you Ms. Prissy, nothing but a fat, pig-slut now, just
another whore for me and my stable.  Now let's go potty.  Does my little girl
need to go poo poo?  Tell me?"  She demanded.

"Please, Madame, no!"  I didn't want to say the words.

"Well, since you won't ask for it you will get back up on the bed and just lie
there while we play the finger game again!"  She smirked like the cat that ate
the canary. 

"How could I take much more of this?"  I thought.  Now her finger again, and I
remember all too well what it did to me before.  She was about to torture me
again.  She applied direct pressure to my clit and it all began again.  I could
not resist the sensations in my body, but she would not let me orgasm.  She
would always find a way to apply the pressure just enough to not let me
masturbate her finger.

"Does pregnant little girl love fingie?  Oh, yes, yes she does, I know she loves
Madame's finger.  Madame's fingie on swollen clitty, such a nasty, naughty
little girl!"  She giggled like I was a baby or something.  This went on for
about an hour.  I tried and tried to ride her finger and get it inside my pussy. 
I was rubbing as hard as I could to try and come, but she would not let me,
finally she stopped.  I begged again.

"Please, please Madame Cong, please let me come, Oh, God, I need to come so bad,
please?"  I was almost in tears.

"Do you promise to be a good slut, and a proper whore for Madame?"

"Oh, yes, yes Madame, I will be a good whore for you!"  I hoped she would love
my answer and let me come.

"Well, you have already fucked a dog for me, now how about a few fingers and a
hand up your ass?"  She was baiting me.

"Oh, God, Madame, yes, anything, please, just please stop the finger!"  I looked
into her eyes like a puppy dog.

"Well then you know what you must ask me?"  I was confused I did not know what
to say.

"Potty?"  She gave me a hint and I remembered what she had wanted me to say
before and I said it.

"Please, Madame, please let me go potty, I need to go poo poo."  I said to her
in complete shame, anything to stop the finger.

"Good girl, let's go now."  I was happy to finally please her with my answer.
She took me by the hand and led me to the bathroom.  I couldn't believe it, she
was going to watch me as I pooped in the toilet.

"Now, be a good girl and go poo poo, show Madame, show her what a poo poo slut
you are."

I let it all out.  It flowed and flowed and flowed almost for a good half-hour.
It was weird to see another woman watch all my dirty, secret places like this.
Somehow I got wet as she watched me poop. Finally she told me to clean may ass
real good and them to come back out on the bed.  She awaited me outside in the
bedroom.

"Now, slut, up on the bed again and on your knees, it is time to stretch that
tiny little ass of yours.  I want to get at least 4 cocks up inside you!"

I was livid and scared.

"Please, no more Madame, please leave me alone!"  More begging.

"Shut up bitch. Now we will start with my finger in your ass."

She pushed in it gently at first and then harder, she pushed it in and out and
in and out.

"eh, eh, eh, eh, eh...."

"That's it, you can take it whore, now two fingers."

"emmmmm, eeeeeeeee....!"

"We will go with three fingers for now, Slut.  That's it hump my fingers, you
love them you dirty whore, you love them!"

I was humping my ass up and down her fingers.  I felt like such a slut.  I
wanted more and more as she opened me up.  The strange part was that I had not
ever let anyone do me anally, not even my husband, and here I was enjoying it
and riding her fingers like some cheap whore.

"Stop!  I said, stop, bitch!"  And she took out her fingers.

"I have a surprise for you."  I turned around and she had a huge strap-on dildo
around her waist.  She was going to fuck my ass with it.

"Now, it needs lubrication whore, be a good girl and suck it, suck it like it
was a real cock.  No biting!"  She smacked my ass, "That's it, lick from the
bottom of the shaft to the top, just like a real one, and then take it all the
way down your throat and suck it!"

"Urgh, uggh, byumppp..."  I choked.

"Now swallow it whore, swallow my fucking dick!  You didn't expect that did you? 
It is filled up with real sperm, swallow it bitch!  It is a week old.  How does
it taste bitch?"

I frowned as it tasted horrible.  I could tell she liked my expression, as she
laughed very loud.

"Now for your ass!"  She quickly turned me around and without hardly any warning
she plunged it up my ass.  I could feel her pumping me deeper and deeper and
faster and faster.

"Oh, oh, eh, eh, oh, eh, ahhhhh!!!"  It was like I was being raped.  Still, each
time she did it she kept her finger on my clit, it was that crazy pressure point
that tortured me.  It made me hot but would not make let me come.  This went on
for a while and then she pulled it out of me.

"Time for the next phase in your stretching, bitch!"  She glared at me
menacingly.

Once again she started with her fingers, and then after her fourth finger and
her thumb starting to rub in also, she forced her entire fist up my ass.

"Owwwwwwwwwwwe, owwwwwwwwwwe, Oh, my God, please, Madame, you will tear me
apart!!!! Owwwwwwwe, owwwwwwe, eh, eh, eh..."

"Open up Slut, open that ass for me.   It is such a big, fat ass now, isn't it
slut?"

"Y....yes, Oh, God, Madame, my ass is so big now...."  Her fist and arm was
inside me and humping me in and out.  I thought she would never stop. 
Mercifully she finally did.

I was weeping with my face on the bed and my ass in the air, then I just fell
into a ball on the bed.  Madame went inside her bag again and took out a strange
looking belt of some kind.

"This is your chastity device Slut, you will wear it with pride.  It will also
stop you from playing with yourself and from coming too much in the night."  She
laughed again.

She placed it on me and locked it!  I could not touch my pussy now.  I so
desperately wanted to with my fingers but I could not.  Her tortures were
incredibly effective.

"Now you will rest.  You will need it for tomorrow.  You will be getting those
dicks Mr. Gaul promised you.  I will watch your progress while you fuck them
tomorrow."

She went over to the phone again.  She asked Lennie to send in Mr. Gaul and
Julia.

"Well, well, Madame Cong, has my little slut been productive today?"  The dwarf
asked.

"Very productive, indeed, Mr. Gaul, she will fetch a high price and also do well
on the streets for me.  I want her to rest now though, and Julia, I want her in
a maid's outfit tomorrow and working-after all, she has to start paying off her
debt."  She laughed and so did Mr. Gaul.  He must have told her everything.

"I will give her special treatment, Madame."  Julia said.

I had no more will power to fight them.  I was now resigning myself to being a
slut.  It seemed I could not escape my new life.  They left the room and told me
to get lots of sleep.  I would never have imagined all the horrible things I had
done in these past couple of days.  I had literally become a whore for these two
masters, and a bitch for a dog too.

The next day I was awakened a bit later about 9:00.  Julia came in and she was
all business.  I thought maybe this girl could help me but I swiftly found out
otherwise.

"Get up slave, this is your new outfit for the day.  A maid must learn quickly
to respond to a mistress' needs.  You will call me Mistress and if you fail I
will flog your ass with one of Mr. Gaul's whips, do you understand me, slave?"

This time I did not protest.  I knew that to do so would bring more pain.

"Yes, Mistress."  I was defeated.

"Now, you will cook us some breakfast.  This is the recipe and I will show you
to the kitchen."  She smiled.  My anger returned.

"Look bitch, I am really just a guest here, at least that was until that asshole
dwarf started in on me.  Who do you think you are?  I help pay your salary."  I
said this firmly feeling power return.

She immediately punched me in the stomach.  I was totally unprepared for it and
I lost my breath.  I tried to recover quickly and I threw a punch but she just
ducked and then kneed me in my groin.  I doubled over in pain.  It seemed that
everyone around here new how to fight better than me.

"I will whip your ass senselessly!  Care to try me again, bitch?" She looked
down at me with contempt.  Her beautiful brown hair covering some of her cheeks.
It was weird being dominated by a maid.  That was what she was after all.

"B...but, Mistress, if I am a maid why am I to cook?"  I said sounding smart.

"Because I want you too, now get the fuck to work.  I will show you the
kitchen."

"I was ordered to prepare pancakes, sausages and eggs for the two of us.  The
directions were laid out for me.  I was sort of looking forward to it since I
was so very hungry.  Everything turned out fine and I served her, then I went to
make a dish for myself...

"Stop, you do not share a table with your Mistress.  I want you down on your
hands and knees like a little doggie."  She smirked from ear to ear.

"Please, Mistress, oh, please, Julia, they have kidnapped me and shipped my
husband back to the United States.  Please don't let them do this to me.  Please
help me escape."  I did the best I could to beg her.

"You fucking whore.  Don't you realize that you are a white slave now and they
are training you for that!  Now get down on all fours bitch!"  There was no hope
in her eyes.

I got down on my hands and knees.  I was shaky.  "Was this turning me on?"  I
asked myself.  She tossed a sausage on the floor and told me to eat it.

"That's my good little doggie." She came over and petted me on my hair.  She
filled a bowl with water and put it on the floor.

"Now, drink it up doggie, lap it up like a good doggie and then crawl back to
your lovely Mistress."  She went back to her seat.

I stuck my tongue out and lapped in the water.  I was performing just like a dog
for her and my pussy was getting wet again.  I finished and crawled over to her.

"Good doggie!  Does doggie want to play fetch, hem, does she?"  She cajoled me.

She took a pancake off her dish and tossed it over my head.

"Go fetch, fetch it doggie, hurry now, faster, faster, fetch it like a good
little doggie, ha ha ha."

I ran to pick it up with my mouth...

"That's it, now bring it back doggie, good doggie, good little girl."  She took
if from my mouth and giggled as she petted me on the hair.  I really wanted to
reach down and play with my pussy just then but the chastity device prevented me
from doing that.  "God, why was such humiliation turning me on?"  I asked myself
as I longed more and more to be her doggie.  She took off a leash and collar she
had hanging up on one of the hooks in the kitchen.  Apparently someone was
already a dog around here or perhaps it was Buster's collar, I wasn't sure.  She
put in on me and led me back up the stairs to the bedrooms on all fours.  We
walked past people who were moving around from their rooms and were staying
there.  "What kind of people would stay here in this madhouse?"  I thought to
myself.  But they were probably in on everything anyway.  We passed by one lady,

"What the hell is this?"  She asked.

"Oh, nothing, I am just breaking in a new maid."  Julia said and they both just
laughed.  I felt humiliated, but still wet.  I was secretly still thinking about
Madame Cong's finger.  Somehow she had conditioned me to it and I longed for it
on my clit.  "God, what had she done to me?"

"This way little doggie."  And she took me inside one of the rooms and to the
bathroom.  She removed the collar and leash.

"This is where you will start, maid.  Mr. Gaul says you owe lots of money for
your stay here so you must earn your keep."

I looked down at the floor.  Someone had already put down a bucket filled with
soapy water and a brush on the floor.  I got the idea.  I was to scrub it on my
hands and knees.

"Now, get to work maid.  I want this floor so clean you can eat off of it, and
if it is not clean enough you will lick it, you will lick whatever you miss, is
that clear maid?"

"Y...yes Ma'am."  I said dejectedly.

"Good.  You are a maid now Ms. Hamilton, enjoy you new position."  She laughed
and left the room to me.

I scrubbed and scrubbed and scrubbed.  I mean I cleaned everything not just the
floor.  I knew that if I did not there would be more punishments to come.  I
don't think I ever cleaned a bathroom so diligently before.  It was like I was a
completely different person, just a slave obeying her orders.  It made me wet. 
Julia came in to examine her handy work.  I stood at attention in front of the
sink.

"Eh hem, nice, very nice, you did a great job slave.  You will make a wonderful
maid."  She smiled but just then she spit on the floor.

"Oops, what is that, you stupid slut, you missed a spot, clean it, clean it with
your tongue maid!"  She commanded me.

"No fair, Ms. Julia, you did that on purpose.  I worked my ass off for you."  I
was starting to tear up.  Little trickles down my face.

"Stop that this instant, young lady, now if you do a good job for me, and clean
it with your tongue, I may just give you a reward."  She smiled lewdly.

I had hopes that she meant removing my chastity belt and playing with my pussy,
so I swiftly got down on my knees to lick up her spit.

"That's it maid, what a good little girl, let me see that tongue, push it way
out and lick up my spit, lick it up good, bitch.  You like licking up my spit? 
You cheap little whore!  Now crawl over to the toilet bowl!"

"Toilet bowl!"  I thought to myself.

She walked over to it and lifted up the seat.  It was a clean bowl, thank God! 
She took off her shoes and dipped her toes in the water and then took them out
and closed the cover.  She sat down on the seat and dangled them in front of me.

"Now, slave, I want you to lick each toe clean, this is your reward, and you
better do a good job on it.  I want them to shine.  Lick, slut!"  She looked
down at me like I was a piece of shit, staring into my eyes with lust and
dominance.  It made me so nervous, that I wanted to squirm.

"Y.....yes,  M....m...mistress."  I stuttered.

She instructed me to start on her little toes and then work my way to her big
toes.  I did so hungrily, like I longed for toe licking all my life.  I couldn't
believe how horny it got me to suck this maid's toes for her.  "This was my
reward!"  I thought, "if only I could play with my pussy!"

"Good girl, now suck that big toe like it was a dick.  Pretend it is juicy and
wet from cum.  That's it, deeper and deeper and faster and faster.  Fuck my toe
with you mouth, slut!  You love it.  Tell me how much you love it?"

"I....I  lobbb it."  I said while sucking it.

"I know slut, I know."

After finishing off her toes we went into the bedroom.  She handed me a bizarre
duster.  It was indeed a feather duster but the handle was made like a dildo. 
It looked just like a phony cock.  She lubricated it with her own mouth.  It was
so erotic watching her suck on it.  Doing it right in front of me like she was
trying to tease me.  Then she handed it to me.

"Now bend over and stick this duster right up your ass, maid!"  She was serious.

"Please M...."

"Do it now slave, and don't dawdle.  I want that right up your fucking ass.  You
are going to dust this room, but you are going to do it with your ass."  She was
laughing now almost hysterically.

I pushed the stick end up my ass.  The mock dildo went in surprisingly easy. 
Madame must have really opened my ass some.  She told me to hold up my skirt and
go around the room and dust it."

"And be very creative about it, maid!"  She added.

I looked so stupid going around the furniture and trying to dust it by extending
my ass and stretching my legs.  It was so cumbersome to hold up my skirt while
doing this.  I felt like a moron.  Julia just laughed and laughed at my
predicatment.

"My what a good little duster you make.  Lift that little tail, good girl, hee,
hee hee."

After a few more minutes of this and some other chores she made me do, I was
permitted to rest.  It was about 3:00pm and I fell asleep.  I dreamed and
dreamed and dreamed.  I had nightmare images of disgusting sexual acts.  I
dreamt of my Chastity belt and how I was trying to force my fingers inside of it
to get at my pussy.  I had never had so many lewd dreams in my entire life. Even
my mind was becoming that of a slut's mind.  I had this strange dream of my
husband trying to rescue me only to see me enjoying myself as I humped strange
men's cocks inside of me.  I watched him turn away in disgust and leave me there
to all these cocks which suddenly became snakes. 

I woke up abruptly.  It was Mr. Gaul who was tugging at my feet.

"Wake up slut, wake up, time for that protein shake that I promised you."

I woke up scared,

"Let me go, Sir, p....please Mr. Gaul, just let me go now, I won't say anything,
please!"  I started crying.

"Knock it off, Slut!  You belong to me now and you will do whatever the fuck I
say, you got it!"  His eyes again.  Such a little man, but so cruel.  It was as
if he was no longer the dwarf and instead was dwarfing me with his cruelty.

"Now, you are going to service four cocks for me slut.  You will lick and suck
each one of them.  You will get them so very hard that these men will almost
want to come inside your mouth, but you will give them your ass instead.  Ah,
but here is the kicker my little whore.  You will do it simultaneously.  All
four cocks up your ass at once."

"But how..." He cut me off.

"Silence slut!  You will do it.  Madame has made your ass much more pliable for
this.  She will assist in mounting you for them.  Then we will just sit back and
watch your performance.  Now get on this floor and on your knees right this
instant!"

Right then Madame Cong came in with four men.  One was Lennie, and another fat
man with an ugly gray beard next to him.  The other two were very thin men but
tall.  They were dark skinned and one had a mustache.

"Circle her, gentlemen."  Madame commanded.  She and Lennie then sat down to
watch.

"Suck them good slut, do it just like I taught you." Madame said.

"Slut, go to each man and pull down each zipper, then return to each one and
suck on them taking turns around in a circle."  Mr. Gaul said.

I went over to the first man.  The fat one with the beard, he looked so filthy.
I unzipped him and pulled out his dick.  It was still a bit flaccid and hung
down in a curl.  I could see he was slowly getting it hard though, right in
front of my eyes.

I moved to the next man.  He was very handsome and tall.  He looked clean.  I
did the same for him, but his dick was so hard already.  I had to tug some to
get it out of his pants.  It was much thinner than the other man's cock and a
bit longer.

Next I went over to Lennie.  His cock was the ugliest. He was stroking it for me
after I pulled it out of his pants.  My mind was dizzy with all these cocks
surrounding me.  I wish I could have played with my pussy, but the device
prevented that.

I went over to the fourth man.  He was tall too, but not quite as tall as the
other tall man.  He was very oily looking.  I took out his dick and it was the
longest of them all, maybe ten inches.  "God, I thought, Mike's cock wasn't even
eight inches long."  This cock made me very horny.

"Now go around in a circle and start by jerking them off.  You may use two hands
and take two at once.  Do your duties slut!"  The dwarf insisted.

I yanked on each dick, pulling them and making them as hard and firm as
possible.  I was actually bobbing my body up and down on my knees and scraping
them on the carpet.  My knees were full of rug burns as I went around to each
cock in a circular way.

"That's it slut, up and down just like they are cows being milked on a farm." 
Madame said while laughing.

"Now you will start to lick and suck on them, slut!"  Mr. Gaul said.

I was sucking on the first man's cock.  Licking up on his shaft from the bottom
up as Madame had taught me.  I put it in my mouth and I sucked on it, then I
went to the next and then the next and then the next.  I was getting dizzy going
around and around.  Slurping and sucking off these strange men's cocks.  Getting
them nice and hard.  I could see pre-cum on all their tips.  It dribbled down.

"omphhhh, omphhhh, buzzth, buzzth...

omphhhh, omphhhh, buzzth, buzzth...

omphhhh, omphhhh, buzzth, buzzth...

omphhhh, omphhhh, buzzth, buzzth..." I sucked and sucked.

"Move in closer, gentlemen.  Slut, lick the tips of their cocks around in a
circle real fast.  Use the tip of your tongue." Madame commanded.

"lllthith, lllthith, lllthith..."  I went around faster and faster, grazing my
tongue on their tips.  I felt like I was a top and that I might pass out from
dizziness.  Finally Madame commanded me to stop and the men backed off.

It was incredible having four men with cocks surrounding me and impacting my
mouth.  I felt like I was in a cock prison.  Wherever I would turn, up stepped
another cock.  My pussy was soaked under the chastity device.  How I longed to
play with it.

"Now it is time to mount you my little whore."  Madame positioned me on the bed
and pushed me flat down.  She made the man with the longest cock get behind me
and put his dick in my ass.  The other thin man straddled my back facing my ass
with his prick.  Hi cock was long and thin too.  Madame stuck her fingers to the
top of my ass while the other man's cock was lower and pulled it up real hard.

"Owwwwe!!!" I shouted.

"Shut up slut or I will gag you!"  Madame said.

She maneuvered the other man's cock to the tip of my ass.  My ass was easy to
stretch.  All her work on my ass the other night made it so pliable.

Next, the two fat men came to the sides of me.  It was a struggle for the two
men to keep their cocks inside my ass.  I could tell.  The fat men stuck their
cocks to my sides and forced them in.  It took a while before all the men were
able to keep them in my ass at one time, but unbelievably, they did.  I now had
four cocks up my ass at once.  Each man was so rock hard that he could pull my
ass some with his cock.  This reminded me of Madame's fist now; they were
sliding in and out of my asshole.  She went back to her seat.

"Look at you!  Just a pig slut for me now!  How does it feel Ms. Hamilton?  How
does it feel to be a whore for me and all these men?" She asked.

"Take it good, slut!  In and out, deep inside that stretched ass for me!"  Mr.
Gaul said.

"Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh....entthh, entthh, emmmmmm,  ummmmmm,
ohhhhhh.....eeeeeeeeeeh...."  I was humping and humping all four cocks for them. 
I could feel them spreading my ass so wide and fat.  They were hot and my ass
was hot.  I was on fire.

"Tell them you want more, slut!"  Madame commanded.

"Oh, more, more, more, oh, yeeeeeeeeeees, more...."

"Tell them, Sirs, please fuck me good and deep."  She commanded.

"S.....s....sirs, please fuck me good and deep, oh, yes, fuck me, fuck me good!"

"Tell them to fuck you like the little whore that you are."  Madame yelled out.

"Fuck me, fuck me like the little whore that I am.  Please, sirs, fuck me, fuck
my ass. Oh, yeeeeees, fuck me good."  I was out of control now.

"Look at the little whore take all those cocks for us."  Mr. Gaul said.

"She will bring me much money on the block."  Madame said.

I just kept humping and fucking and twisting my ass all over their cocks.  I
wanted it to go on forever.  I was even climaxing inside my chastity device, but
the friction it was causing was beginning to hurt some.  I was soaking wet from
head to toe.  All my sweat running down my belly and all over my body.

"Now, Gentlemen, squirt!  Squirt all your cum into this slut for us, squirt,
shoot it all inside her ass!"  Madame commanded.

"ahhhhhhh, ehhhhhhhhhh, emmmmmmmmmmm, ohhhhhhhh, oh, oh, ehhh..."  I grunted as
I felt squirts shooting inside of me, not all at once but close.  It was like
rapid fire.  One after another and then another and then they all seemed like it
was happening at once, blending somehow.  I had reached ecstasy with my ass.

"Very good gentlemen.  I am sure you will agree that your money was well spent
on this whore tonight."  The dwarf said.

The men got off the bed, with their dicks still dangling.

"Lick them all off now slut, get them cleaned up before they leave." Madame
said.

I went over to each man and licked him dry.  Savoring each sticky cream left on
their dicks.  I felt more like a whore than ever now.  I craved cocks.  My life
would never be the same after this experience. 

After the men left I was instructed by Madame to kneel again on the floor.  She
sat back down and Mr. Gaul stood up.  He came over to me and unzipped his pants
and let them fall to the floor.  My eyes almost popped out of my head.  His cock
was thicker and longer than any of the other men's cocks.  It had to be at least
12 inches long.  He began to stroke it right before my eyes. It got even bigger.

"Now, slut, take my cock and lick it.  It is your new lollipop.  You will lick
it and worship it. Then you will take it in you mouth and suck on it.  Do it
whore, fuck my cock!"  The dwarf screamed out.

I grabbed his huge dick and stroked it with my hands.  I then sucked on it too. 
I also licked him up several times from bottom to top and then top to bottom.  I
was so aroused I wanted him deep inside me but I could only take him in my
throat.  After all the years with my husband...and I never sucked his cock...but
here I was becoming a very skilled cocksucker for this dwarf.  He had changed me
into a whore.  I was sucking a dwarf's cock!  I peeked over at Madame, as she
played with her pussy and looked at me sternly.  Her legs were wide apart.  I
looked at her thighs and all her leather; the shininess of it turned me on and I
sucked even faster.  I though Mr. Gaul would come inside my mouth and down my
throat but he did not, he pulled out...shooting his load all over my face and
tits.  It was the biggest load I ever saw.  I was covered in white cream...sperm
all over me.  I rubbed my breasts with my hands enjoying the smell of his seed.

"Good little slut, now lick off all his cream and rub it around your face, lick
it off with your fingers."  Madame commanded.

I feverishly rubbed my chest and face and took off whatever I could and licked
it with my tongue.

"Finger licking good, aye, slut!"  He said.

"Look at yourself, you messy little cum-slut.  Just a little, white whore
covered in sperm.  Now get back on that bed, and stay there on your back!" 
Madame Cong commanded.

"Madame, I am really interested in seeing how you controlled her?"  Mr. Gaul
said.

Madame came over to me on the bed as she had before.  She took a key from 
inside her stockings.  She unlocked the chastity belt.  When she did this I
immediately came.  I bucked and started to go for my pussy with my fingers...

"No, no, slut!  You remember the finger game!"  She said.

She then placed her finger on my clit and started the pressure.  I was a wanton
slut at this point.

"So this is how you achieved it?"  Mr. Gaul asked.

"Yes, quite easy, but it gets her in such a frenzy that all she can think about
it playing with her pussy and coming.  Isn't that right, slut?"

"ehhhhh, y....yes Ma'am."  I said moaning from her finger.

"She just loves my fingie.  Mr. Gaul I think she is ready.  Ship her to me by
crate.  I will be waiting for her in Thailand.  She belongs to me now.  However,
I think three more weeks of maid service with Julia will help her to understand
her new position in life.  She will make a great maid and slave for me, won't
you darling?"

I looked at her with puppy dog eyes.

"Y...yes Madame!"  I whimpered, still trying to come more on her finger, but she
wouldn't put it inside me.

"Did you know that each man paid a thousand bucks to put his dick in your ass
tonight?  Think about it slut.  I made four thousand dollars on you just in two
hours tonight.  You will be a precious money making whore for me, my little cum
slut."  She laughed.

Madame put the chastity belt on me again and locked it.  She handed the key to
Mr. Gaul.

"Now, tell Mr. Gaul that you want to be crated and shipped to me as my white
slave, do it slut! Tell him my fuck whore!"  She insisted.

"P....p.....lease Mr. Gaul, p...please c....crate me and s.....s...ship me to
Madame Cong.  I, I, I....want to be her white s.....slave."  The words were
painful but I knew that was what I wanted now.

"Very good dear, if that is what you want."  He and Madame Cong both laughed. 
She then got up off the bed and left the room.

"Well my little whore, you have come a long way; and you don't have to worry
about hubby looking for you either.  He has been set up with drugs back in the
States.  He will be put in prison for a long time hon."  The little man smiled
at me.

I was still thinking about Madame Cong's finger.  Somehow that was all I could
think about right now.

"Please Sir, do you think Madame will finally give me her finger in Thailand?" 
I asked in a small tone of voice.

"If you are a good slave, I am sure that she will.  Keep in mind that she has
promised you to me.  So, even though you belong to her now, you will eventually
be my slave for the rest of your life...once you have learned all your new
tricks that is.  Ha, ha, ha, ha..."  Mr. Gaul laughed and laughed, then he told
me to go to sleep and he left the room.

I laid there and began to think a thousand thoughts.  I wondered, "what would
happen to me in Thailand?  What ugly and different men I would have to service? 
What women?"  My mind was ablaze, but my pussy was even hotter.  I felt sad for
my husband, but I knew I could never go back to him now.  I had been changed.  I
was turned into a slut by a dwarf half my size.


The End

Copyright 2001

By

Jackpot

Comments-email me at HotStorm39@aol.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jackpot


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





