BDSM Library - From Julie To Dog




From Julie To Dog
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman recounts the time she agreed to have a threesome with her boyfriend.  Little did she know that it will eventually lead to slavery.
Warning:  The following story contains material of an adult nature, including
sex, slavery, body modification and others.  If you are offended by such
content, do not read any further.  Consider yourself warned.  The characters and
situations depicted in this story are made up.  They are a figment of the
author's imagination.  The author neither promotes nor condones these acts in a
real life scenario.

From Julie To Dog




From Julie To Dog

Introduction

Hello.  First let me introduce myself, my birth name is Julie, but as you will
soon find out this has changed.  Everything in my life has changed in the past
couple of years, even my identity.  I am forced to write this story and post it
on the Internet for all to see and enjoy.  My Mistress whishes it that way and I
must comply.

It all started two years ago when I met my boyfriend, or should I say my
ex-boyfriend, John.  We had met through an Internet personal ad that he had
posted and I had responded to.  John and I developed a real good relationship
and I loved him dearly.  Besides being a real great lover, he had a great body
as well.  He is 5'11" tall with a pretty well kept body, he is not muscular, but
kept his appearance well by going to the gym at least 3 times a week.  He has a
great ass, real rounded and his penis stood at 6 1/2" inches when erect and I
loved the fact that he was not circumcised.  I loved stroking his foreskin back
and forth.  At my request he had shaven all his pubic hair and I loved to stroke
my tongue through his clean-shaven testicles.  I had helped him shave around his
asshole, so that was also clean and shaven for my play.  John loved it when I
played with his asshole.  When I used to play the dominant role I was allowed to
wear a strap-on dildo and fuck him in the ass.  Him and I had a real healthy
sexual appetite and we were both very open minded about sex and the games we
played.  Our favorite past time was watching porno together.  We got a real kick
out of going to the adult video store and picking out something for us to watch. 
He made me pay and got a kick out of my embarrassment in front of the store
clerk. 

One day we started to play around with the idea of having someone else involved
in our sexual play.  We were both open to the idea of a threesome, but we had to
decide if we would have a man or a woman join us for our play session.  I really
was open to the idea of having another woman join us.  We had seen lots of porno
films that involved two women and I had always been turned on by it.  Although
the idea of being taken by two men or maybe even have John suck some dick was a
turn on to me.  We settled on having another girl join us.  He suggested that he
could probably get an ex-girlfriend of his to play along.  He got in touch with
her and he explained to me that she had agreed on one condition.  She wanted a
fantasy that John and her had when they were together.  That was for John and
her to have a dominant role and I would play the submissive girl to both of
them.  I agreed to this.  Little did I know, that this would change my life
forever.

I was told to dress in a light blue camisole I had with a thong, nothing more. 
I really did not need a bra.  I guess that I should describe what I looked like
at the time.  I stand at 5' 4" tall with long brown hair.  I have light brown
eyes and I am considered very pretty my most.  My breast are small, they are an
A cup with small pink areolas and very perky nipples, that are usually aroused. 
You can see that right through the camisole.  My pubic hair is always kept
trimmed giving a nice exposure to my pussy and clit.  About my clit, it is quite
large.  It stands at about half and inch when aroused.  My inner labia are also
quite long and John stretched them quite often.




The First Night

It was Saturday, 7 PM and someone was knocking at the door to John's apartment. 
I knew it was Pam, John's ex-girlfriend.  How would I react?  Would I be
jealous?  I guess it did not matter; I was about to become their sexual toy for
the night (this I thought back then).  He opened the door and hugged her as if
they were old friends that had not seen each other for a long time.  I could
hear them speak and he prepared a drink for her.  I then heard him say.  "Well,
would you like to meet our bitch for tonight?"  I was stunned at his remark, but
I was turned on as well.  He then called out my name and ordered me to come out. 
As I walked out into the living room, there she stood at about 5' 6" tall and I
was stunned on what she was wearing.  She was wearing a man's suit, complete
with tie and all.  "So, this is Julie?  The woman of your dreams, the one that
has agreed to play our bitch for tonight?"  "She is quite pretty. You are a very
lucky man John.  And it looks like I am a very lucky woman as well."  I had been
told by John that the game consisted of me not speaking unless told to speak, so
I kept my mouth shut and did not address a word to her.  In fact, I lowered my
head and looked to the floor.  I played my submissive role quite well.  With
that said she turned to John and began to kiss him on the lips.  I was turned
on, here was this beautiful woman kissing my boyfriend, dressed like a man. 
Although I had chosen for a woman to join us, I had really both of my fantasies
realized and deep in my mind I knew that John had play a big part in making this
come true. 

She then approached me and kissed me in the lips.  She introduced her tongue
into my mouth and I was in heaven.  My first girl-girl kiss and I knew that I
was about to have the honor of having to lick and suck tits and my first pussy
as well.   This thought made be hornier and hornier and she knew it.  She
whispered into my ears "I am going to have fun tonight my little bitch."

She was taller than me and had beautiful black hair that she had wrapped into a
ponytail.  She took her suit jacket off and proceeded to take her tie off.  She
gave the tie to John and he stood behind me and started to tie my hands behind
my back with the tie.  I stood there as John and her now stood in front of me. 
John was wearing a black silky short pajama with the button up shirt.  I could
see his dick stand in attention through the silk shorts.  Pam started to undress
him.  She unbuttoned his shirt and started to lick and suck his nipples.  I knew
John was very sensitive there and his nipples started to get erect and he
started to moan.  She slid his shorts off and took his hard dick into her mouth. 
It was nice and shaven and I could clearly see her take it in her mouth, almost
taking in all 6 1/2 inches of John's erect penis.  She started to play with it
and play with his thick foreskin.  She was doing to him the thing that I loved
to do and I had no choice but to stand there and see the boyfriend that I loved
so much get sucked off by his beautiful young ex-girlfriend.  After all we were
all young, Pam was 24, John 29 and I was just 22 years old when this first
incident took place.  She then spread John's leg, licked her index finger and
inserted it into John's asshole while she sucked his dick hard.  He gave out a
loud moan.  All of a sudden she stopped.  "John, go ahead and sit down in that
chair while I take care of our little bitch here.  Please do not come, I want
you ready when I call."  He complied with her request.

She now turned to me.  She pulled the laces and undid the two shoulder straps of
my camisole and the camisole dropped to the floor, exposing my small tits.  She
smiled at me.  "These are quite cute small tits you have, little girl.  Just a
few more sizes up and you can pass as a real woman."  I had never been degraded
in this manner.  Her remarks hurt me and my eyes started to get watery.  She saw
that in me and quickly pitched both of my nipples and started to pull on them,
stretching them so far that they started to hurt.  The tears started rolling
down. "You wanted something to cry about?  Now you have."  She grabbed my hair
and pulled it back.

- "Now bitch, have you ever been slapped?"
- "Only in my ass."
- "I meant in your face bitch."
- "No, Pam, I have never been slapped in the face."
- "Do me a favor, bitch, do not call me Pam.  Call me Mistress from now on.
Would you like me to slap you in the face?"

I knew what the proper answer was.  I wanted to play my role and make John
proud.  So with tears still rolling down my face I said "Yes, Mistress, please
slap me in the face."  And with that she let it loose.  I got slapped in the
face quite a few times, until I was crying uncontrollably and my face was
burning red.  "Look at me." She ordered in a brisk voice.  I did as instructed. 
"Let me now show you what real tits look like." She proceeded to take off her
shirt.  She was right; I was so ashamed of my puny little tits.  I had never
felt that way.  She had beautiful round C size tits with a medium size dark
areola.  Her nipples were not as big as mine, but they stood hard and firm. 

- "What do you think, bitch?"
- "They are beautiful Mistress."
- "John, why would you settle for these pathetic little tits, after you had me?"
- "As you can see Pam, she is quite a sexual creature.  I admire that in her. 
Besides you have to see between her legs." - John replied.
- "Oh, really, we shall soon see."
- "Would you like to suck a real woman's tits, bitch?"
- "Yes Mistress, I would love to."
- "Ask, then."
- "Mistress, may I please suck your luscious tits?"
- "Yes you may."

With that she grabbed me by the hair and shoved me towards her nipples.  I
licked and sucked both of them, like a little baby.  Like the little girl that
my Mistress had told me I was.  She pulled me away and said "Let's see what John
is bragging about."  With that she stood up straight and turned me around.  She
slapped my ass and while grabbing it commented, "Great ass."  She grabbed the
elastics of my panties and lowered them to my knees.  She slid her fingers up
and down the crack of my ass.  She took me to the edge of the bed and pushed me
over.  I was now leaned over the bed with my ass exposed for her to see.  My
hands were still tied behind my back and there was nothing I could do.  She
grabbed my ass cheeks and spread them as far as she could.  My asshole was now
exposed.  "Have you ever been fucked in the ass?" she asked.  "Yes Mistress," I
replied.  "Good, 'cause I am going to enjoy fucking your asshole," she cruelly
said.  She grabbed my hair and lifted me from the bed.  She turned me around
again.  She went down and made me step out of my panties.  She forced my leg
open and went down to inspect my pubic area.  She spread my pussy open.  "Oh my
God, John.  You never told me about this!  She has a mini-penis down here!" 
With that cruel remark, tears started rolling down again.  She did not care, she
started to roll back my hood and expose my unusually large clit.  She started
sucking on it and I could not help it, but to start moaning.  She sucked so hard
that I came.  She knew she had me.  She grabbed my large inner labia and pulled
hard.  She pulled so hard that she had me squatting.  She ordered me back up and
I complied.  "These lips are way too long, they detract from her large clit or
should I say mini-penis.  If I ever get to keep you as my slave, these would
definitely be modified," she told me as she looked up at me.  I had no idea what
she was talking about, but I would eventually find out what she meant.

She took off her shoes, buttoned down her pants and eventually removed her
panties.  I immediately saw that she was completely shaven.  When she turned
around to put her pants away, I had a peek at her beautiful pear-shaped ass.  I
would eventually get acquainted real well with that ass, but not tonight.

She pushed me down to my knees and stood in front of me.  "This is what a real
pussy looks like.  She parted he puffy outer labia, showing me her short inner
lips and her small clit.  It was gorgeous and I could not wait to lick my first
pussy.  It was all wet with thick white juices and my tongue just came out to
lap her up.  She pushed me away, closed her pussy and said, "Not tonight, maybe
on another occasion, but not tonight."  I was so frustrated, I wanted it so
badly, I had played along so that I could have this.  This was so cruel.  I
begged her to let me have it, but she would not comply.

She pulled me up and had me bent over the bed again.  She signaled to John, I
then saw him open the drawer and hand her over the strap on dildo that I had
used on him in the past.  She stepped out of the room and when I saw her again,
she was removing the dildo peace and attaching a bigger thicker dildo.  She then
strapped on the piece.  John was behind be and I saw him insert this red ball
into my mouth and strap it around my head.  He strapped it tightly.  I was
gagged and I was scared.  I saw her place herself in back of me and John handed
her a tube of K-Y jelly.  John grabbed my ass cheeks and spread them.  She began
to apply the K-Y jelly around the entrance to my asshole.  I hoped that she
would lubricate the dildo as well.  I felt the tip opening my asshole; she
inserted the piece deeper and deeper until I was stretched out all the way.  She
proceeded to ram it in and fuck me up the ass.  Here  I was on my first time
with a woman and I was being fucked in the ass, not able to suck pussy as I
wanted.  I cannot say that it was all painful, I had been fucked in the ass
before and enjoyed anal sex with John on a regular basis.  She then pulled me by
my hair and had me stand up as she rammed by asshole.  She turned me around to
John and while she was fucking me in the ass, ordered him to go down and suck on
my engorged clit.  He started to suck on it and I came like a whore.  I had
never had such an intense orgasm.  She removed the dildo from my ass and removed
my gag.  She removed the dildo from the strap-on and put back the smaller dildo. 
She then had John bend over the bed and with the same K-Y jelly tube she began
to lubricate his asshole.  She started to fuck him the ass.  She removed the
dildo and had him get on all four on the floor.  She turned me around and undid
my hands.  She then proceeded to fuck him in the ass again.  I knew what to do,
I went underneath John and while she was fucking his asshole, I started to suck
his dick, until he exploded in my mouth.  I swallowed his malt.  It was now her
turn to come, I waited in anticipation, hoping to have a chance to lick pussy,
but I was disappointed again.  She called John over and had him suck her to
orgasm. 

She started to get dressed and before she left she said, "Do not worry Julie,
John and I will work something out.  You will have a chance to suck my pussy
every night.  He just needs to know that your heart now belongs to me.  As soon
as you and him realized that, we can work something out and you will call me
Mistress forever."  Wow, she called me "Julie."  I was so taken by that, I had
fallen for her.




The Arrangement

Pam was gone as John and I went back to our regular routine.  All I could think
about was Pam.  I could not concentrate at work or at home.  I wanted to suck
her pussy so badly.  All I wanted was to please her and call her Mistress. 
Sure, I was humiliated, but Pam did not say anything that was not true.  I did
have pathetic little tits and my large clit did look like a mini-penis.  She was
a gorgeous woman.  I wanted this threesome and so did John.  John knew that I
was now hooked on Pam.  He contacted her and asked her to join us for the coming
weekend.  She would not have it.  She told him that he could work something out
with him to have me come live with her, but she would not be coming back for a
threesome.  I wanted to pretend that John was Pam and therefore, I no longer
wanted him to fuck me in my pussy.  I wanted him to take me up the ass every
time.  He did not mind, but did mind why I wanted this.  Three weeks went by and
John finally realized that there was no hope.  He called Pam to make the
arrangement.  She showed up on a Friday night.  She was dressed in a leather
mini-skirt and a see through white blouse with no bra on.  She was there to temp
me and she knew that I would fall for it.  We all sat down around the dining
room table and she preceded to state her conditions.  "Here is the deal John, I
do not want to take Julie from you, I respect you too much to do that and
besides we are good friends.  Therefore, I will purchase Julie from you for
$10,000.  Julie can come live with me on the condition that she agrees to be my
house slave and do whatever I instruct her to do.  I believe Julie has this
submissive urge in her and that she would love to comply with this.  She would
love to have me for as her Mistress.  Am I right, Julie?"  "Yes, Pam," I
replied.  "If she changes her mind, I will bring her over and you may keep
$5,000 of the full amount."  "Is it a deal?"  John and I agreed   and signed the
paper work.  Pam handed over a check to John.  "John, do not be upset, you are a
very good looking man and I am sure you will find another woman to satisfy your
dreams.  Plus, you and your new girlfriend may be invited once in a while to
enjoy my new slave.  Just make sure that this next one has real tits."  With
that remark, Pam smiled at me and took a collar out of her bag.  She placed it
around my neck.  A small tag on the collar read "Pam's Bitch."  She attached a
leach to the collar and guided me out of John's apartment.




Julie The Slave

I entered Pam's house by a leash.  It was a gorgeous and big house with two
floors.  "This will be your home from now on. You will clean it and have it
ready when I come from work.  You will present your resignation on Monday.  You
will no longer need to work.  I make enough money to provide for both of us. 
You will be my servant and sexual slave, to do as I please.  Do you understand?" 
"Yes Mistress," I replied.  "By the way, take off all your clothes.  You will
not be allowed to wear any clothes in this house, unless I instruct you to do
so.  "Yes my Mistress," I replied and began to undress.  "Ah, one more thing,"
she began to approach me.  She took her hand and pulled on my pussy lips. 
"Tomorrow morning we are going to do something about these ugly things."  I was
terrified, what did she have in mind.  I was led to her room.  She had a king
size bed.  She unleashed my collar and put me to bed.  She went to sleep besides
me.  I had a hard time falling asleep thinking about what would happen in the
morning, but I finally fell asleep.

I was woken up early in the morning.  I was told to go take a bath and I did as
I was told.  I cleaned my pussy and touched my inner labia as I sensed that they
would not be the same after that morning.  Pam, came into the bathroom and
ordered me to sit on the toilet.  She then spread my legs and began to cut all
my pubic hair with a scissor.  She then rubbed shaving cream on the remaining
hair and started to shave my pubic area.  She pulled my inner labia out of the
way, while she shaved.  "You see why these are no good," she remarked and
continued to shave me.  When she was done, she ordered me to bend over the
toilet and spread my ass cheeks.  She looked around, but saw that I did not have
any hair around my asshole.  She ordered me to get dressed.  I went to the
bedroom and she already had something for me to wear.  A red mini-skirt with a
white tank-top and 3 inch-high heels.  I stood in front of the mirror and saw
that anyone could see my nipples right through the white tank-top.  "Do not
worry, you have nothing to conceal anyways.  It is not like you have real tits,"
she remarked.  "Aren't you forgetting one thing?" I looked at the dresser and I
knew what she wanted.  "Please, not in public, I begged you."  She ignored my
plea and placed the collar around my neck.  You could clearly read the tag
"Pam's Bitch." 

We drove around for about half and hour.  She arrived at this huge house that
looked like a palace.  A guy that looked like a biker, with tattoos and some
piercing, received us.  He led us into a room.  The room had several medical
looking equipment, with a strange looking medical table in the middle.  "So,
this is the new slave you talked about?" He commented.  "Do not worry honey this
will not hurt."  With that he inserted a needle in my left arm and gave me some
sort of shot.  I started to feel sleepy, but I could still hear them.  He placed
me on the table, lied me down and lifted my skirt.  I had no underwear, so he
immediately saw my pussy.  "Yes, you are right, she needs to be circumcised." 
That was the last thing I heard.
I woke up on Pam's bead.  Upon me opening my eyes, I saw Pam in front of me. 
"Good morning," I said.  She caressed my hair and my face and then said "Good
morning, my little bitch."  "So that you know it is Wednesday, you have been in
bed for 4 days, in and out of a deep sleep, caused by the anti-biotic and
medicine prescribed to you.  Do not worry; I have faxed your resignation letter
to your boss.  He knows not to expect you at work any longer." 

- "Pam..."
- "What did you call me?" She slapped my face.
- "I am sorry.  Mistress, what have you done to me?"
- "What was done to you is for your own good, you will be angry at me for now,
but you will eventually get over it and thank me for it."

I had straps on my hands and on my feet, ready to be tied down.  I had also my
collar.  I had a white towel wrapped around my waist.  My Mistress took me by my
arms and helped me out of the bed.  She then instructed me to turn around and
she secured my two hands in back of me with a link that secured the two straps
together.  She led me to the full-length mirror in the dressing area.  She
spread my legs out with her feet as she stood behind me.  "Julie, my bitch, this
has been done to you for your own good, like I said you will eventually thank
me."  With that she took the towel off and I saw my pubic area and my pussy.  I
could not believe what I saw.  She put her hands around me and parted my outer
labia.  She explained, "I had your ugly long inner labia removed, the remaining
labia and the clitoris hood was shaped around your huge clit as a form of a
foreskin.  As you can also see, an additional procedure elongated your clitoris
to its current size of 1 inch long.  This is your clit, there is nothing
implanted, just enlarged, that's all."  She now started to massage my large clit
and it started to get aroused.  I could not believe my eyes; my pussy lips were
gone and had a small erect penis were my large clit use to be.  What did this
insane woman had done to me, I thought."  I could not do anything but cry.  "Cry
all you want, but this is the way it is and you must learn to accept it," she
said.  You need to know 3 things:

1. You will refer to your clitoris from now on as your "mini-penis."  You will
no longer refer to it as your clit.
2. You must keep your pubic area shaven at all times.  No more hair in that
area.
3. From now on you must piss standing up.  You will pee all over the place at
the beginning, but you will clean it up and learn how to aim.

"Is that clear bitch?"  "Yes Mistress," with that reply my hands were released I
went into the bathroom to clean up and shave myself.  I stared at my pussy (or
what used to be a pussy) for a long time.  All I had now was a mini-penis and a
hole to be fucked.  I soon realized that this it how it was meant to be.  I
would accept what my Mistress did to me and realize that she knew what was best
for me. 

I placed my collar on and exited the bathroom.  There, in the bed, was my
Mistress, all naked.  She instructed me to come over.  "You now look like I want
you to look and you have obeyed all my orders.  You have been an obedient slave. 
Tonight, you will have what you always wanted.  You will be allowed to eat my
pussy."  With those words I became so horny.  My clit, sorry, my mini-penis now
became engorged.  I was ready.  "May I lick your pussy, my Mistress?"  "Yes, you
may."  I went between her legs, open her thick lips and started to lick like a
dog.  I sniffed and licked like a dog in heat.  My Mistress came.  Her juices
all over my mouth and I swallowed her thick juices like I had done with John's. 
I knew then how much I liked pussy; I was a lesbian, I was proud to know that. 
I would suck a dick at my Mistress' request, but I wanted to lick pussy, at
least her pussy.  "Slave, show me your erection," she commanded.  I turned
around and showed her my mini-penis, now erect at 1 inch long.  She grabbed my
small penis between her thumb and index finger and started to play with the
foreskin.  She looked at me and asked, "What would you like me to do?"  I
replied with some shame "Please Mistress, suck my dick."  She went down on me
and started to suck me.  No longer was licking necessary to get me off, like it
was when I had a pussy, now I could be sucked off like a man, just several sizes
smaller.  An intense orgasm overpowered me and I asked my Mistress if I was
allowed to come.  With her approval I came.  It was intense.  I was now proud of
the mini-penis that gave me so much pleasure.  My mistress was not done.  She
exited the room and came back with a 7" strap on.  I proceeded to go down on her
and deep throat the dildo as I had done with John in the past.  She ordered me
back on the bed and spread my legs; she inserted the big dildo in my pussy hole. 
She started to fuck me.  I realized what I had become and how my pleasures were
different now.  "Please Mistress." I took the dildo and pulled it out of my
pussy hole.  I turned around, got my ass out in the open, spread by cheeks and
said "Please."  She knew what she had to do.  She rammed the 7" dildo in my ass. 
Anal sex was the way that I got off from now on.  She fucked me in the ass and
at the same time got her hand around me and with her thumb and index finger, she
began to masturbate my small penis.  I came in ecstasy.  The moment she was
waiting for arrived.  After such pleasure, I turned to my Mistress and said
"Thank you for removing my pussy lips, thank you for my new mini-penis."  With
that we both went to the bathroom.  My Mistress sat down and pissed into the
toilet.  When she was done she spread her legs.  I knew what I had to do.  I
licked her clean.  I was glad to get one more lick at her pussy.  It was then my
turn.  I stood up and aimed.  I pissed standing up, as I knew I had to do from
now one.  It went all over the place.  My mistress laughed.  "Clean it up," she
said and went to sleep.  I soon followed.

This was my ritual from now on.  Weeks went by and I was left in the house as my
Mistress went to work, I cleaned up and made sure dinner was ready when she
arrived.  One Friday night, she came home and told me that tonight was a special
night.  She told me that she had invited this couple over and that I was to
serve them and please them as she ordered.  This was something new for me.  I
was scared of what was to come, plus I would be humiliated in front of
strangers.  I was told to wear this special outfit and I complied. 

The guests arrived and I was told to remain in the bedroom.  After several
minutes I was told to exit and down the stair I came, dressed in this pony
outfit, with tail and all.  The tail was a butt plug with the tail inserted into
the other end.  I galloped just like a horse.  To my surprise it was John and
this young girlfriend.  I was so ashamed.  "John, you told me that your
girlfriend wanted a pony fantasy, so here she is, my beautiful slave."  "John
you know my slave don't you?  She was previously known to you as Julie."  The
outfit had a flap over my pubic area, covering the modification I had gone
through.  "John, like I promised, I did not like those ugly pussy lips that
Julie had, so here is what I did."  With that she undid the flap and it was all
there for John and his new girlfriend to view.  They were both amazed.  I was on
display for their pleasure.  "It's Ok to touch." My Mistress said.  John's
girlfriend began to touch my mini-penis right away.  It began to rise and a
"Wow" came out of her mouth.  "What a clit!" she said in amazement.  "It was a
pretty big clit, but with the modification, as you can see she has no inner
lips, it has become a small penis.  I soon became aware that John's new
girlfriend was named Betty.  Betty was a beauty.  Long brown hair and a body
that would impress any man or woman.  She was a little taller than me at 5' 5"
but shorther than my Mistress.  The way that Betty started to order me around, I
knew she was the dominant type.  She got a whip and started to whip me around
and made me gallop like a pony for John and my Mistress to laugh at.  My
mini-penis would jump around from side to side for their enjoyment.  Soon they
were all naked.  As soon as Betty showed her breasts, my Mistress commented,
"John, I can see that you followed my advice, you have chosen a woman with real
tits."  She did have beautiful tits, a full B cup with small pink areolas like
mine and a good size nipple.  "And look at this..." John said while holding
Betty's pussy apart.  She had thick outer lips like my Mistress and when he
pulled back the hood, we could see that she had a good size clit, but never as
big as what I had even before the modification.  I was ordered by John to suck
his dick and I did, but not with the pleasure I use to do it with.  I did deep
throat him.  Meanwhile my mistress was busy putting on a strap-on on Betty.  I
was ordered to get on top of John and fuck him through my pussy hole.  I did as
I was told.  To my humiliation, Betty came around the back and started to fuck
my asshole with the strap-on.  This was my first double penetration.  John came
inside of me and Betty fucked my ass until as she pleased.  When she was done
with me, her and my Mistress went at it.  I wanted to suck Betty's pussy so
badly, but I was never asked.  As my Mistress licked her pussy clean, I was told
to open my legs and give them a show by masturbating.  Except that I no longer
could masturbate like a girl.   I open my legs and grabbed by mini-penis between
my thumb and index finger and started pulling my foreskin up and down until I no
longer could hold my orgasm in and I came.  Betty saw that and came as well.  My
little tits got no attention that night.  With my Mistress and Betty with such
full and beautiful tits, there was no need to give mine any attention.  "Thank
you so much Pam, for the entertainment and lending us your bitch to play with. 
I loved her penis, nice job."  With that John and Betty got dressed and left.  I
was ordered to the room.

In the morning my Mistress got dressed and told me she was going shopping, to
have the house ready and cleaned by the time he came back.  She also told me
that Betty had left her pager on top of the living room table and that she would
be coming over to pick it up. 

The door rang and I knew it was Betty.  I was not told to dress, so I answered
the door naked, with my collar of course.  "Hello bitch," she crudely said.  I
came to pick up my pager.  She came into the living room and picked it up from
the table and then sat on the couch.  "Come here," she ordered.  "I can not
resist what Pam did to you, I have never seen anything like this."  With that
she began to play with my small penis.  I was scared that my Mistress would find
out, but was so aroused by Betty's touch.  She then began to stroke it and I was
so excited.  "Tell you what, bitch. I will let you do something that you were
not allowed to do last night."  With that comment she lifted her skirt and
parted her pussy lips.  I immediately went down and started to lap it, like a
dog in heat.  I loved pussy and this was new pussy.  Betty came several times. 
Then I asked her, "Please Betty, suck my dick."  She complied and started to
give me a blow job with the tips of her lips on my small sized penis.  She
rolled back the foreskin, exposing my clit, like a head of a penis.  I felt so
good, until my Mistress walked in and caught us both.  I could not stop and had
an orgasm right in front of my Mistress.  Betty was speechless; she got her
stuff and ran out the door. 

"I hope that you enjoyed that, because that will be the last one you have," my
mistress said angrily.  "I gave you the ability to have such great pleasure and
this is how you repay me?"  I begged for her forgiveness, but she would not have
it. 




Julie The Dog

In the morning I was ordered to dress with a mini-skit and tank-top, her
favorite outfit to take me out.  This time it was different, my hands were tied
behind my back and I was blindfolded.  I was driven over to another location.  I
was placed in a bed and a shot given to me.  I heard a man's voice and
recognized it as the one that had modified me.  I was horrified, but I could not
help it, I was falling asleep.  The last thing I heard him say was "Are you sure
you want me to do this?"

I woke up in my Mistress' bedroom and was blindfolded.  "Good morning bitch," I
heard her say.  "What is going on?"  "You will soon find out," she replied.  I
knew that like last time, several days had gone by.  She helped me out of the
bed and tied my hands behind my back.  She led me to the dressing mirror.    She
stood behind me and pulled my blindfold off.  My A sized tits were gone.  I had
been put through a breast reduction procedure.  All I had now was two puffy
mounds on my chest with nipples on them.  Actually the nipples were bigger that
what I had left for tits.  I was angry, but if this is what my Mistress needed
to do to punish me for my unfaithfulness, then so be it.  In any case, my tits
were no longer used for anything, but to be made fun of.  Now she can make fun
of what was left.  "The tit reduction was an extra, why have tits if you can't
use them.  Just be glad I did not remove your nipples, I thought about that." 
She then pulled away the towel that I was wearing around my waist, the one that
I had failed to pay attention to.  "Oh my God!  Oh my God! What have you done?" 
I screamed.  I looked at my pubic area horrified.  "I have made sure that you
will be faithful to me always."  With that said she but her hands around me and
parted my outer labia.  There was nothing there.  She had my clitoris (or should
I said my mini-penis) removed.  She had removed the thing that she had given me,
the one that gave me so much pleasure.  I had been castrated, nullified.  She
had taken everything away. "You may not thank me this time, but you will accept
it with time." She untied my hand and I immediately touched my private part. 
Nothing, no feeling, I would never come again.  I was soon given a paper with
some "barking" instructions.  I was to learn them.  "You are no longer worthy to
be a slave, from now on you will become my bitch-dog.  My collar tag was
replaced, "Pam's Bitch-Dog." It read.  A few things:

1. You will no longer speak.  You will learn the barking commands I have given
you and will bark from now on.
2. You will crawl on all fours, you are no longer a slave, you are a dog and
will walk and act like one.
3. You will eat from your doggy plate.
4. You will sleep in your doggy bed.
5. If you need to go to the bathroom, you will bark the appropriate command and
you will be taken outside, where you will lift up one leg and pee next to a tree
or squat and shit in the bushes.
6. You will wear this butt plug with a doggy tail all the time.  Only the person
walking you or I will be able to remove it, either to let you defecate or fuck
you in the ass like the dog-bitch that you are.

She then placed a mouth piece in the shape on an "O" holding my lips open, I
could not talk with this, I could only bark or make sounds.  She tied it around
my face.  "This will help with your training."

 "By the way, your front hole is good for nothing, except your menstrual cycle. 
I recommend that when you are ready, we saw it up and leave a small opening for
menstruation and for peeing.  This will also help with your peeing as you will
probably get pee all over your leg with your pussy open."  She commented.

It was very hard for me to accept this, but eventually I did.  I was her dog
now; I may well do my best to act like one.  I did not want my Mistress to get
more upset than what she was.  She was nice to keep me; she could have thrown me
out.  I would not know what to do without her.  The modification was necessary. 
I had brought it upon myself.

One unexpected day, my Mistress told me she was bringing home her new mate. 
This was not a slave, as she wanted her to be her equal.  A slave might come
along later, but not now.  My mistress paid a woman to come home and do the
house shores.  She was also told to walk me if I needed to be walked.  It was so
humiliating, but not as humiliating as her bringing home her new mate and to my
astonishment it was Betty.  The same Betty that had caused me to be nullified,
she had cost me my orgasms and my status as a slave.

The fact was that Betty was now her equal.  As my mistress would put it, she was
a real woman, with real tits and a real pussy with a real clit.  Because she was
her equal I had to obey all of Betty's commands as well.  She became my second
Mistress.  She would walk me as well and had to piss in front of her and squat
and shit.  She would take me in and clean my butt with a damp paper towel, just
as a dog.  I have to bark the command for "thank you" and then the plug is
re-inserted in my anus.

The humiliating part was when my Mistress Pam was not around and Mistress Betty
would sit me on the bed, part my legs and lick my pussy crack.  Lick me where my
clitoris use to be at.  She knew how humiliating this was.  I could not feel any
pleasure out of this.  She would just laugh.  Even in front of Mistress Pam, she
plays and pulls my nipples.  Her comments "What cute puffy nipples this dog has"
is very degrading as well.  I have some feelings on my nipples, but not enough
for any pleasure.  She sometimes sucks on my doggy nipples and I have to bark
with pleasure.  I have to bark and thank her and wiggle my tail in happiness.  I
lye in my doggy bed and they have sex and pleasure each other.  I am never
allowed to lick any pussy for pleasure.  I only lick pussy, to lick it clean
after they peed. I do this gladly.  Mistress Betty, likes to humiliate me even
more and at times when she has to pee, she makes me open my mouth and cup it
around her pussy, she then pees in it.  I have to swallow her pee and then lick
her clean.  Sometimes when Mistress Pam is licking Mistress Betty's pussy,
Mistress Betty likes her asshole licked and Mistress Pam allows me to do that.

I had now realized that it would be better is they sewed up my pussy, after all
it has no reason for being opened.  This would prevent Mistress Betty from
humiliating me and also would help me pee when I lift my leg to pee.  I barked
the orders to "speak."  And I was allowed to speak.  "Please Mistress Pam, can I
have my pussy sewn up?"  These were the last words I spoke.  I was taken back to
the guy that did my modifications and my pussy was sewn up.  Only a small hole
remains for urination and my lady needs.  It healed up pretty quickly and I was
allowed to grow my pubic hair back.  There was no need to keep it shaven, as
there is nothing there to expose.  I am trimmed by either my Mistresses or by
the housekeeper.  My armpit hairs have also been allowed to grow.  After all I
am a dog and dogs have hair.  The hair in my head is kept pretty short and
trimmed. 

Whenever she has the opportunity, Mistress Betty plays with my pubic hair and
runs her hands through the region to remind me of my closed up pussy.  And yes,
whenever any of my Mistresses desire, my tail is removed and I am fucked in the
ass for their pleasure.  I have to whine like a dog in heat, as I am not allowed
to moan like a human being.  I do feel some pleasure when they ass fuck me,
after all this was my preferred method of fucking before I became the bitch-dog
that I am.  The pleasure is never enough for me to reach an orgasm.

I now sit here in front of my Mistress Pam's computer and I write this story at
her request.  She wants everyone to know about my humiliation.  I hope that you
have enjoyed it.  As long as it pleases my Mistress, I am Ok with it.  I live
you now and go back to my life as a bitch-dog.  Mistress Betty is
calling...woof, woof.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Julie The Bitch-Dog(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





