BDSM Library - Nazi Nurse




Nazi Nurse
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Nurse Heidi and her SS captain boyfriend capture some former female tormentors and introduce them to Nazi Medical Experimentation. Set in WW II.
	Nazi Nurse -  Part 1  by Llabmik	

	

	Chapter 1 - False Confession

	The lovely French spy squealed as she was slapped hard and thrown into the
sturdy wooden chair.

	 Hans watched his two colleagues tie her down with the skill of long
experience. He loved being a Nazi. He loved being in the SS. He loved the new
windproof Zippo lighter which he had taken it off an Allied soldier who would be
having no further use for it. An inveterate pipe smoker, he was patiently going
through the ritual of lighting his pipe with his new black zippo lighter while
Captain Steiner and Otto conducted a quick field interrogation of the French
spy.

	Lovely Yvette was understandably reluctant to betray her friends and country to
some of the most depraved monsters in history. Her slim wrists were wired to the
arms of the heavy wooden chair as her dainty ankles were wired to the legs.
Captain Steiner grinned wickedly.

	"My girlfriend's a nurse. She told me about a really agonizing technique called
bone scraping. We'll be forced to use it if you don't tell us everything."

	A redheaded french fireball, lovely Yvette spat defiantly in his handsome face.

	"Eat shit and die, Nazi pig!!"

	Captain Steiner calmly unbuttoned her blouse while Yvette hurled imaginative
french abuse. She insulted his mother, his girlfriend, his probable boyfriend,
his manhood and implied a homosexual relationship between him and Adolf Hitler.
With the true inner serenity that comes from the certain knowledge that he was
going to make the bitch scream, he calmly sliced off her bra with his
beautifully engraved, razor sharp SS dagger. To everyone's delight, the French
fireball had nice big tits with pretty pink nipples. This was a big improvement
over the last one who had turned out to be packing her bra with tissue paper.

	Hans had finished lighting his pipe and, puffing contentedly with the true
serenity of the dedicated pipe smoker, watched with interest. He had never heard
of bone scraping, preferring more tried and true methods to make a cunt scream.

	Captain Steiner produced a long needle and handed another one to Otto. This was
new to Otto, too. Captain Steiner told him how it was done.

	"It's easy. You just jab the needle through her nipple and push it in as far as
it will go until it hits a rib."

	Yvette squealed as he suited the action to the word. Otto, an eager student,
nodded appreciatively.

	"Like this?"

	Yvette squealed louder as he plunged his needle into her other nipple and
brutally rammed it in until the point jabbed into the underlying rib. Captain
Steiner went on to the next step.

	"Lean against the needle and scrape the point back and forth over her rib hard
and fast."

	The French fireball sounded like a fire siren as the two scraped vigorously.
Squirming energetically, her tight little bum bounced on the seat as Yvette
shreiked out her  defiance.

	Hans frowned. A grizzled veteran, he thought this technique might be useful for
motivating whores when you didn't want to damage the merchandise. On the other
hand, he didn't think that tough little Yvette was even close to caving in.

	Even pipe smokers have limits to their patience. After watching for a while, he
decided it was time to give them the benefit of his experience. Hans cleared his
throat respectfully.

	"Ahem! Captain! If I may make a suggestion?"

	Captain Steiner ceased. Hans was famous for his successful interrogations. He
lacked a few of the management skills necessary for promotion, but he was second
to none in motivating a reluctant helper.

	"Yes, Hans?"

	"Pull her panties down to her knees."

	Otto and Captain Steiner left their needles stuck in and pulled down her pants
and panties. She was a natural redhead. Yvette didn't like the way this was
going at all.

	"Lift her bum up off the chair and spread her cheeks."

	Her bare bum was lifted. Her asscheeks were prised apart by strong hands,
exposing her brown, wrinkled rectum. Hans squatted down, set it on high and sent
the flame from his new Zippo licking along the crack of her ass and up between
her legs over her cunt.

	Yvette's eyes opened wide and she screamed high and hard as her heinie hole and
cunt were cooked to a bright, bright red. As the air filled with the smell of 
roasted rectum, cooked cunt and burnt pubic hair,  Hans flicked off his Zippo.

	A burn is the most painful injury a person can receive. With other injuries,
the pain tends to fade to a dull ache. A burn, provided the nerve endings aren't
burnt away, keeps the agony flaming brightly. Hans reached between her legs and
gave her throbbing cunt and flaming asshole an encouraging grope. It put
red-faced, gasping Yvette firmly on the path of total co-operation.

	When they were done and Yvette had betrayed everyone she knew and everything
she believed in, Hans had one more little favour to request.

	"When you are re-interrogated later by the back-up team, I want you to name
Katja Himmelman as one of your spy group."

	Sweating hard and in intense agony, Yvette nodded. Hans had to make sure.

	"What was the name I just said?"

	"Katja Himmelman."

	"Excellent!"

	Yvette slumped in the chair, foolishly thinking that it was all over except for
the signed confession and the execution. Actually, her one-way journey to the
pits of hell was just beginning. It wouldn't actually be over until she was
turned over to Mistress Elke to star in one of her charming little snuff shows.

	The boys unzipped. Pretty Yvette screamed until the snot ran and her vocal
cords tore as her hot roasted holes were opened for business.



	Chapter 2 - Transformed

	It was a lovely spring morning in Nazi Gemany. The songbirds warbled
melodiously. Her very exclusive neighborhood was quiet as Ursula returned from
the exhorbitantly expensive beauty salon that she honoured with her patronage to
prepare for the extremely upper crust party she was to attend that evening. It
was a short walk and a lovely day, so Ursula had given her chauffeur the morning
off. Achingly beautiful, Ursula undulated down the deserted street, superbly
dressed, superbly coiffed, superbly made up.

	A gleaming black van stopped next to her. It was the sort of van the SS used to
transport prisoners, but innocent, exquisite Ursula didn't know that. An SS
officer in laboriously spit shined jackboots and an immaculate uniform hopped
out nimbly. He stepped in front of Ursula, flanked by two subordinates. Though
surprised, lovely Ursula was poised, polite and respectful, as behooved a rich,
young beauty supremely confident of her exalted place in the universe.

	"May I help you gentlemen?"

	The captain was to the point.

	"Are you Ursula von Braun?"

	Ursula nodded. Perhaps this had something to do with her wealthy husband, an
executive with the House of Krupp, a company that manufactured weapons and
munitions for the war effort. Lovely Ursula had done very well for herself. Her
handsome, dashing, socially connected, filthy rich husband was definitely a
catch. Haughty, snotty Ursula had always been careful who she put out for and
her eager husband had become thoroughly trained in the art of begging, wheedling
and bribing her in return for her favours. Ursula spoke with the smug
self-confidence of an arrogant, spoiled beauty in her prime and at the top of
her form.

	"Yes, I am Ursula von Braun. Is there a prob... "

	The breath whooshed out of her and she peed in her expensive silk panties as
the SS captain pistoned a rock-hard, gloved fist into her stomach. His
subordinates lifted her hunched over, gasping body into the back of the van.

	The van drove off while the birds chirped happily. Peace and tranquility
reigned supreme once more in the lush, superbly landscaped neighborhood.

	Inside the van, Ursula's expensive jacket was removed, carefully folded and put
in a box. Red faced and gasping painfully for breath, Ursula was powerless to
resist at first. The front of her expensive silk blouse was carefully
unbuttoned. The cuffs were undone and her arms were eased out of the sleeves. It
was folded neatly and placed on top of her jacket in the box. It was when they
unhooked her bra that she began to struggle. The SS captain slapped her
ringingly. The imprint of his gloved hand flamed on her cheek. Ursula lay
stunned on the floor of the van as her tits spilled out, jiggling delectably.
Her skirt was unzipped, unbuttoned and slid down her smooth, beautifully
proportioned legs. It was folded and placed on top of the blouse along with her
black lace brassiere. Her exhorbitantly expensive, extremely fashionable high
heels were unstrapped and placed in the box with the rest of her clothing. Her
sheer silk stockings were unclipped from her garter belt and rolled down her
glorious legs. The garter belt was removed.

	Ursula tried to resist again as fingers were insinuated inside the elastic
waistband of her urine-soaked, black silk panties. Her pretty head was bounced
off the floor and Ursula saw stars as her soggy panties were slid down her
trembling thighs. Her black silk panties were wrung out into a bucket and placed
in the box.

	Ursula let out a small, terrified squeal as strong hands gripped her dainty
ankles, spread her lovely legs wide and the first rapist rammed his rock hard
member into her tight, dry fuckhole.



	Chapter 3 - Surrogate Rich Bitch

	Later the same morning, Katherina had stripped off her coarse concentration
camp uniform before stepping into the black SS van. An hour later she was
standing in the ruins behind the van as she dressed. The shattered buildings
were still smoking from the recent Allied bombing attack.

	 Between Katherina's shapely legs, her asshole and fuckhole burned. The SS men
surrounding her smirked as they watched the naked prisoner put on the clothes.
Lovely Katherina was confused as she put on the expensive clothing from the box
in the back of the van. The black lace bra was costly. The black silk panties
were damp, but this was no problem for Katherina as she slipped them on. A
thoroughly raped over woman has a lot more to think about than damp silk
panties.

	Her mind fuddled by shock, she nevertheless wondered what the SS men were up to
as she slipped on the sheer silk stockings and clipped them to the garter belt.
She put on the silk blouse. Her trembling fingers had difficulty doing up the
buttons. One of her smirking rapists buttoned her up, like a mother dressing a
clumsy child. She stepped into the skirt. She managed to zip it up, but again
had to be helped with the buttons by her smirking rapist friend.

	She stepped into the high heels. Her smirking rapist buddy helped her once more
by buckling up the straps. It all fit her perfectly. Her rapist buddy, mimicking
a perfect gentleman, held the jacket open for her as she put her arms through
the sleeves, like she was his date to a fancy dress ball. The others had a good
snigger at the idea of the raped over bitch as a date.

	"Put the purse over your shoulder."

	She shouldered the finely tooled leather purse while her surrounding SS rapists
inspected her carefully. The SS captain nodded.

	"She'll do perfectly."

	He instructed her calmly.

	"Lie face down on the road."

	Totally confused and deathly afraid, she lay face down on the dirty road in all
her expensive finery. They muscled her over until her head was behind the back
wheel of the van with her body to one side. They held her pinned there with her
wrists held behind her back. A thin board was placed over her head and wedged
under the back tire to eliminate the tire tracks. Katherina lay quaking
violently in fear. Ursula's black silk panties were peed in for a second time
that morning.

	The van driver hopped in and started the engine.

	Her body jerked violently as he backed over her head, crushing it beyond
recognition under the splintering board. Her anal sphincter loosened in death
and, as her last act, Katherina crapped in Ursula's greatly abused panties. The
captain took his SS dagger and cut the identifying concentration camp tattoo
from Katherina's arm. They threw her body, still with the purse carrying
Ursula's ID and personal effects slung over its shoulder, next to a tottering
stone wall and pushed the heavy wall over on top of it. The captain spoke with
mock sadness.

	"Looks like poor Ursula's met with a terrible accident."

	The others laughed coarsely. There were too many bodies after a bombing raid
for a detailed look at any particular one. If it was carrying ID, wearing the
right clothes, looked roughly right and seemed to have been crushed by falling
rubble, that was good enough. It was, for sure, going to be a closed casket
funeral, so Ursula's nearest and dearest weren't going to get a good gawk at the
crushed corpse anyway.



	Chapter 4 - Welcome To The Fun House

	Wearing Katherina's coarse concentration camp uniform with the thick woolen
underwear, Ursula sat on the cot in her solitary confinement cell, rubbing her
arm where, that morning, they had tattooed Katherina's ID number. For all
book-keeping purposes she was now Katherina as the dead Katherina was now her.
She looked up as the heavy door opened. A familiar face poked in.

	"Ursula! I haven't seen you in years!"

	Ursula looked up. It was Heidi from her school days! Heidi was sort of the
class scapegoat. They had made fun of stupid old Heidi a lot. Ursula smiled in
relief at the sight of her.

	"Heidi! Am I glad to see you!"

	Heidi smiled pleasantly.

	"Wow! Does this ever bring back memories! Remember how you told Friedrich not
to go out with me because I had the crabs?"

	Ursula had the good grace to look embarassed.

	"Well, uh, I'm really sorry about that."

	"How about the itching powder in my gym bloomers?"

	"Well, Katja actually did that."

	Heidi grinned knowingly.

	"That's right, but she told me that it was your idea!"

	Ursula blushed, surprised that Katja had mentioned this little factoid to
Heidi.

	"Well, uh, actually it was Karla's. I just passed it along. I, uh, didn't think
that she'd really do it!"

	Heidi spoke teasingly.

	"Aw, come on! You knew that she'd do it, just like you knew that she'd loosen
the seams on my dress so that it would fall off at that dance. That was your
idea too! She told me!"

	Ursula licked her lips nervously, but Heidi seemed not to carry any grudge. She
was still smiling pleasantly.

	"Ursula, you two girls were pretty funny and always at my expense! Spraying
that squirt gun on the back of my skirt where I couldn't see it, so I wandered
the school looking like I'd peed myself and didn't have the sense to clean up.
What a laugh! Wow! Was I ever stupid! It took me forever to figure out why
everyone was laughing at me behind my back!"

	Ursula permitted herself a small grin.

	"Well, yeah, it was pretty funny. Karla thought that one up too, but she's a
mouse, except when it comes to putting out for the guys. She didn't have the
nerve to do it herself. It's good of you to take it so well."

	Heidi nodded amiably.

	"It is, isn't it?"

	Heidi sat down on the cot next to Ursula, two old schoolchums sharing fond
memories.

	"Katja said that you did really well for yourself. You always did have all the
guys panting after you. Katja told me that you're married to this rich, powerful
guy. You have all these fancy clothes, servants, a chauffeur, the works!"

	Heidi looked at Ursula wistfully.

	"As you can see, I'm a nurse now. My boyfriend's a soldier. He's not rich yet,
but he's doing really well. He's not that old and already he's a captain!"

	Ursula spoke encouragingly.

	"That's great! Um, I have a big problem. I think that there's been a terrible
mistake."

	Heidi looked concerned.

	"That's awful! How did you end up here? This is a Medical Experimentation
Facility. You're a human lab rat here. They'll run horrible experiments on you
until one of them kills you. What happened? Katja said that you were doing so
well!" 

	Ursula explained about the kidnapping, being beaten and stripped naked, the
gang bang, what seemed to be an identity switch. Heidi listened, wide-eyed.

	"Wow! Are you ever in  terrible trouble!"

	Ursula nodded urgently.

	"Yes. You must get me out of here! I didn't know that you still saw Katja. I
write her letters sometimes, but we're not very close anymore. Maybe you and
Katja could identify me and get me out of here."

	Heidi looked solemn.

	"Geez, I afraid that I have some more bad news for you, Ursula."

	Ursula looked at Heidi uncertainly.

	"What is it?"

	"Katja's dead!"

	Ursula was shocked.

	"That's terrible!"

	Heidi nodded and looked very serious indeed.

	"She was in this very cell, just before you. My boyfriend's the SS captain that
kidnapped you as he kidnapped poor Katja before you. That lampshade by your bed
is all that remains of poor Katja. Katja was here a long, long time before she
was skinned alive and converted into a lampshade."

	Heidi spoke dreamily.

	"She always did have nice, creamy smooth skin." 

	Ursula's jaw dropped. Heidi grinned wickedly and dropped the pretense.

	"Welcome to the funhouse, Ursula. You're my bitch now!"



	Chapter 5 - Katja

	Aside from the soggy adult diaper between her legs, lovely Katja was naked. Her
lips taped tightly shut, she was strapped face-up on the operating table,
waiting to have her fingernails and toenails ripped out for the second time. As
Heidi had cheerfully informed her the first time that they had been agonizingly
ripped from her, they would grow back. They had and it was time to rip them out
again.

	 The learned Nazi Doctors were studying regrowth patterns. Apparently,
fingernails and toenails don't grow back exactly the same after they are
removed. Alone in the small operating theatre, Katja had a few hours to wait,
strapped down and helpless on the table, until the ever-curious medical men
arrived to make her scream. Her high school buddy Nurse Heidi stepped into the
room to help her pass the time. Heidi was professionaly bright and cheerful.

	"Good news! Your friend Ursula's just arrived! She thinks that you've been
skinned alive and turned into a lampshade by her bed."

	Heidi laughed merrily.

	"Good joke, eh? How come you're not laughing? You guys always used to love a
good practical joke!"

	Heidi looked at the soggy adult diaper and adopted a tone of professional
concern.

	"How's the diaper rash?"

	She lifted the edge of the diaper and looked at the painful rash covering
Katja's bum and swollen genitals.

	"Ouch! That must hurt!"

	She gave Katja her 'helpful nurse explains' voice.

 	"You know that I'd like to change your diaper more frequently, but the Doctors
just won't let me! It would interfere with their diaper rash study! Think of the
valuable contribution to science that you're making. Babies everywhere will be
grateful!"

	Katja moaned in fear and struggled futilely against the straps as Heidi stepped
out of her white shoes and unbuckled her belt. Heidi laughed teasingly.

	"Oh! Don't be such a big baby! You know that having your nails ripped out won't
hurt as much as when I had them remove your teeth!"

	Poor Katja now gummed down her food like an old woman. Heidi helpfully spoonfed
Katja gruel at mealtimes as Katja's hands were always restrained to prevent the
desperate woman from removing her diaper, something that seemed a bit of an
obsession these days. As Heidi stepped out of her panties, now naked from the
waist down, Katja's nude torso arched frantically up against the restraining
straps. Katja obviously knew what was coming next. Her big bare tits shook like
jello in an earthquake as Heidi climbed up on the table and straddled her face.

	"All work and no play makes Katja a dull girl! It's time to have a bit of fun,
Katja, just like you, Ursula and the rest used to have all that fun at my
expense during our good ole school days. You remember this game. It's one of my
favourites! Maybe Ursula will want to play too!"

	She knelt facing Katja's heaving torso, eased her knees under Katja's smooth,
creamy shoulders and trapped Katja's pretty face between her muscular thighs.
She curled her bare feet under the back of Katja's head, cradling it. She sat on
Katja's pretty face and mashed Katja's nose into her slit, cutting off her air.
She grinned ecstatically as Katja smothered between her legs, her hot face
buried in Heidi's juicy muff. Playfully and with the skill of long, pleasurable
experience, she let Katja have little sniffs and snorts of air, just enough to
keep her going, struggling frantically to breath. She spoke reassuringly to her
old playmate gasping between her tightly clenched thighs.

	"Don't worry! We have lots of time to play!"

	She smiled ecstatically as she came for the first time in Katja's face. She
listened to pretty, squirming Katja snuffling wetly through her love juices. She
humped her wet cunt over Katja's face, giving her a good sniff of her rectum in
the process. There was lots of time before it was time to put her panties back
on and help the Doctors make Katja scream.



	Chapter 6 - Staff Meeting

	Earlier in the week, the staff at the Medical Experimentation Facility had met
to discuss common problems. That particular session had been led by the
brilliant Dr. Josef Mengele. The new nurse, a saucy-eyed minx, had raised her
hand to speak.

	Dr. Mengele acknowledged her and Nurse Ilsa stood to address her fellow medical
professionals. Her deep blue eyes sparkled.

	"We're currently spending a lot of our budget on feeding the labrats, our human
guinea pigs."

	Dr. Mengele laughed genially. The saucy wench was a witch, definitely a
she-wolf of the SS. He wondered where she was going with this one.

	"Are you suggesting we starve them to save money?"

	Ilsa chuckled.

	"Well, watching them drool hungrily is fun. Actually, I'm suggesting that we
feed them even better than ever!"

	She looked at Dr. Mengele solemnly, putting on her 'earnest researcher' face.

	"Poor nutrition can skew the experimental results!"

	Dr. Mengele arched his eyebrows.

	"You're suggesting we spend even more money feeding them?"

	The naughty nurse smirked and delivered her punch line.

	"I'm suggesting we feed them better than ever for next to nothing!"

	Dr. Mengele looked a bit incredulous.

	"And how do you suggest we do that, Nurse Ilsa?"

	Nurse Ilsa smiled coyly, enjoying herself hugely. The buxom blond loved being
the centre of attention.

	"Well, I'll give everybody a little hint. We're right next to the
schlachthaus!"

	Dr. Mengele guffawed. The room erupted with squeals of delight and scattered
applause.

	"We'll serve them meals fresh from the ovens!"

	The schlachthaus (slaughter house) was Ilsa's jovial term for the nearby Death
Camp, a unbelievably huge scale snuff factory that could provide them with more
labrats than they could ever hope to deal with. Dr. Mengele went there regularly
to pick up interesting sets of twins and other rare specimens for his research.
After the hubbub died down, Ilsa outlined her scheme.

	"My father was a butcher. I know a good side of beef when I see one! I could
accompany Dr. Mengele over to the schlachthaus a few mornings a week and pick up
some prime roast. We could set up a small abattoir to process the meat. We have
most of what we need for that already. I suggest we concentrate on females. They
have a higher percentage body fat and so the meat is tenderer."

	Mugging for the crowd, Ilsa stared hungrily at Hans, a lean, powerfully built
blond orderly.

	"Some men are just too chewy!"

	Everybody roared. Ilsa got serious.

	"Properly prepared, one human body should contain all the nutrition necessary
to maintain another human body. We're right next to a free, unlimited supply."

	Nurse Ilsa solemnly put on her 'earnest researcher' face again.

 

	"I suggest that we use the money we save to buy new equipment and expand our
facilities!"

	Dr. Mengele led the applause.



	Chapter 7 - Slumber Party

	It had been a long grueling day. Poor pummeled Ursula was exhausted and
famished. She ate hungrily while Heidi watched.

	"This food's the only good thing that's happened to me today. It's delicious!
I've never tasted anything like it!"

	Heidi gave a strange smirk at this remark, but Ursula shrugged it off. Heidi
had always been weird and seemed demented these days.

	"What is it?"

	Heidi smiled pleasantly.

	"It's the best nutrition available. As one of Hitler's labrats, you eat nothing
but the best!"

	Ursula didn't feel hugely reassured by this remark and looked at the food
dubiously. She shrugged and continued eating hungrily. Heidi nodded at the cot.

	"Be sure and get a good night's sleep. I have a very strenous day planned for
you tomorrow, starting bright and early!"

	Ursula looked at her grimly.

	"Why? What's happening?"

	Heidi just laughed.

	"I wouldn't want to spoil the surprise!"

	Heidi left. With nothing to do, completely exhausted and with a well-filled
tummy, Ursula laid down on the cot and pulled the blankets over her. Her mother
had always said to make a bad day stop by going to bed early. This had been the
definitive bad day. She shut her eyes.

	It seemed that she had no sooner put her head to the pillow than Heidi was
shaking her awake, speaking to her excitedly.

	"Ursula! Ursula! Wake up! You've got visitors!"

	She hadn't been asleep very long. Fumbling groggily, still dressed, Ursula
threw off the covers, rolled over on her back and opened her weary eyes.

	The first grinning rapist fell on top of her and ripped open her top, sending
the buttons flying. He kneaded her bare tits viciously with strong, calloused
hands. Other eager hands pulled down her pants and underwear. Long bony fingers
were insinuated painfully into her dry fuckhole. She tried feebly to resist, but
was slapped ringingly.

 	Heidi grinned.

	"The boys were just going off shift and wanted to say good-by!"



	Chapter 8 - A Stacked Librarian

	It was closing time. Karla, the librarian, had just finished hustling the last
of the patrons out. Looking down, hand on the door lock, she spied a pair of
gleaming jackboots.

	"Excuse me!"

	Karla looked up into the strong, handsome face of the SS captain. He gave her a
friendly smile.

	"Are you Karla, the librarian? One of the grey-haired gentlemen who just left
said that you could help me."

	Karla nodded, adjusted her glasses and peered at him through the thick lenses.
She loved a man in uniform. She took off her glasses and smiled flirtatiously.
Everything went blurry without her glasses, but she knew that they hid her
pretty face and she wanted desperately to make a good impression. The war had
made eligible men a bit scarce in Karla's life. She looked up at him slyly from
the doorway.

	"I'm Karla. What do you want, handsome?"

	The captain held up a piece of paper. With a sigh, Karla put her glasses back
on so she could read it. She knew that lots of men fantasized about the mousy
librarian that turns into a raving, uninhibited beauty when she removes her
glasses and frumpy clothing. The dress code at the library was certainly frumpy
enough for poor, frustrated Karla.

	"I need to find this issue of The Hitler Youth Magazine about how having
teenagers supervising broken-backed Jews cleaning up the streets builds strong
management skills. It seems a little incredible to me, but I have to give a
speech about it!"

	Karla laughed and shook her head.

	"It's total nonsense! Supervising cowering sub-humans and supervising a free
person who can quit at any time are very different things surely!"

	Karla looked at the handsome captain coyly. She batted her eyelashes at him.
Her thick lenses amplified this rather charmingly.

	"I'll bet that a lot of women are your slaves!"

	 The captain winked cheerfully.

	"I'm thinking of making you one of them!"

	Karla laughed delightedly.

	"Please do! The library is strong on ancient, dusty professors and short on
young, dashing captains!"

	He waggled his eyebrows at her hilariously.

	"Are The Hitler Youth Magazine back copies kept in a nice quiet place?"

	Karla licked her lips brazenly. It had been a long time and Karla wanted some
quite badly.

	"They're kept in a very quiet place. Follow me!"

	Captain Steiner was gallant.

	"Allow me to lock up! It's very gracious of you to help me out after hours with
my stupid speech on the Hitler Youth's ridiculous management program."

	Nearsighted Karla failed to notice that although he fumbled with the lock, he
didn't quite lock the door. As he and the horn dog librarian went to the back,
Otto and Hans entered quietly. They locked the door firmly, not wishing to be
disturbed. The deserted library was very quiet.

	"The magazines are over there at the back."

	The captain started on his way. Karla followed him into the windowless
store-room where the back issues were kept. Captain Steiner turned to face her
and smiled.

	"May I ask a favour, fraulein?"

	Karla smiled up at the handsome Captain winningly. She didn't hear Hans and
Otto enter quietly behind her, the sound of their boots absorbed by the heavy
carpetting. Karla lewdly ran her tongue over her lips. His eyes twinkling, the
Captain bowed formally.

	"What do you want, Captain?"

	"May I remove those thick glasses so that I can see your pretty face
unobstructed?"

	"Certainly!"

	He carefully removed her glasses. The lenses were like the bottom of a beer
stein. Karla peered at him nearsightedly.

	"Here, I'll put them on the shelf."

	He stroked her cheek gently. Karla shut her eyes and moaned prettily. She
couldn't see much with her eyes open anyway. In things sexual, she believed in
what she called The Braille System For Nearly Blind Fuckers: to fully enjoy a
really good grope, keep your eyes closed.

	"Mmmmmm!"

	He handed her glasses to Hans, grinning silently behind her. He kissed her
softly. As her tongue muscled aggressively into his mouth, he began unbuttoning
her blouse. She ran her hands down his back, enjoying the stiffness of his
starched uniform and the feel of his lean, muscular body. She squeezed his
buttocks as he peeled off her blouse and gave it to Hans. Hans graciously draped
it over his sleeve.

	"Mmmmmm!"

	Eyes still closed ecstatically, Karla the shameless librarian unbuttoned his
shirt and he unhooked her bra. Her bare breasts spilled out and her bra was soon
draped over Hans' arm.

	Karla scrubbed her erect nipples against the Captain's bare chest, opened her
eyes to small lustful slits, grabbed the back of the Captain's head and snuggled
up close. It occurred to her that the Captain was very knowledgeable about
undressing women as he expertly removed her long skirt, exposing a superb pair
of very sexy legs. She surrendered herself to a man who obviously knew exactly
what he was doing. Karla stepped out of her penny loafers and groaned heavily. 

	Wearing only kneesocks and panties, Karla rubbed her naked thigh up against the
Captain's bulging crotch. She peeled off her panties and tossed them behind her.
Hans snatched them out of the air and tucked them in his pocket as Karla eagerly
unzipped the Captain.

	Otto picked up the broom in the corner. Hans put Karla's clothes on a chair and
winked at his buddy Otto as the Captain encunted a very juicy Karla with his
thick sausage. She wrapped her legs around him, humping greedily. The Captain
gripped her in a bear hug.

	Karla frowned slightly as a second pair of hands, not the Captain's, parted her
lily white assglobes. Her eyes opened wide and she screamed into the Captain's
mouth as a third pair of hands rammed a broomstick handle up her ass.



	Chapter 9 - Karla's Terrible Accident

	In Otto's opinion, the best thing about Jews in Nazi Germany was that you could
just grab a pretty one off the street, bundle her into an SS van and the only
thing her good Aryan neighbors wondered about was why you hadn't done it sooner!
A country that was enthusiastically snuffing some of it's brightest and best
gave guys like Otto a free hand.

	Otto, Captain Steiner and the pretty Jewish girl stood next to the black van in
the deserted factory district late at night. From inside the van came the crisp
sound of  fists pummeling sensitive female flesh as Hans persuaded Karla to open
her bruised rectum to him. Karla whimpered rythmically as the van started
rocking.   

	The pretty Jewish girl, her cunt still aching from Otto's less than tender
attentions, stood next to the rocking van, wearing Karla's clothes and not
understanding the conversation at all. Otto and Captain Steiner were having a
meeting of the Ways And Means Committee.

	"So what do you think happened here, Captain?"

	Captain Steiner nodded at the still smoking bomb crater in the bridge they were
standing on.

	"I think that she was walking home when that stray, off-target bomb landed and
it blew her off the bridge."

	Otto looked over the railing and smiled.

	They each grabbed an arm and a leg and slung the Jewish girl high into the air.
The girl clawed the empty air madly, kicking wildly, pumping out a long, wailing
scream as she plumetted from the bridge. The scream was brutally cut short as
the iron spikes of the wrought iron fence below punched through her torso. Great
gouts of bright red arterial blood blossomed on Karla's blouse where the wicked
spikes had stabbed through.

	Otto and the Captain leaned over the railing, watching idly, as the the girl,
still alive, wriggled like a pinned butterfly on the spikes. Otto watched the
kicking, squirming girl appreciatively. He dropped Karla's thick glasses off the
bridge and the Captain tossed Karla's purse. They both landed next to the
bloody, writhing, spiked Jewish girl.

	The Ways and Means Committee meeting continued. Otto looked at the captain.

	"The body's very close, but what do you think happened to her face?"

	The Captain smiled.

	"I think that can of garbage there was ignited by flaming debris from the bomb
and burned it beyond recognition."

	Next to them the van was still rocking. Poor, ass-reamed Karla sobbed, grunting
with each thrust. Pipe-smoking Hans liked taking his time. There was a ritual to
raping a woman just as there was one to lighting a pipe. Smiling at the lewd,
rude noises emanating from the van, Otto nodded agreeably.

	"We'll have to go down and move it under her face then."

	They sauntered down. Blood was streaming thickly from the girl's gaping mouth
and nostrils. Otto shook his head as they wrestled the large trash barrel over
next to the still quivering female.

	"It's amazing how much punishment some people can take and still be kicking."

	"This should do it."

	Captain Steiner tossed in a match. The industrial waste blazed fiercely. It
turned out that, properly motivated, the girl could still scream a bit as the
hot flames ate into her face and the thick black smoke engulfed her.



	Chapter 10 - Wake-up Call

	"Ursula! Ursula! It's morning! Time to wake up!"

	Heidi shook Ursula awake. The cell stank of sweat and sex. As the hateful
memories came flooding back, Ursula looked sullenly into Heidi's grinning face.
Heidi had just the thing to perk her up.

	"There's nothing like a little exercise to get you going!"

	Her eyes widened as Ursula looked past Heidi and took in her visitors. Heidi
gleefully introduced them.

	"Ursula, I'd like you to meet the Back Door Boys! They're your wake-up helpers
this morning! Rise and shine, sleepy head!"

	A proud, prissy beauty, lovely Ursula hated anal sex. She thought that it was
dirty, unhygienic, painful and degrading. Ironically, these were the very
features that the Back Door Boys loved.  Ursula was jerked out of bed and her
delectable body was, once more, stripped for action.  Her shapely legs were
gripped by her perfect ankles and spread wide. She squealed like a boiled pig as
her firm, young buttocks were prised apart and her wrinkled, brown shithole was
opened up for business.

	Ursula jerked and twitched like a spastic puppet in his strong, brutal grip.
Standing behind her, his arms looped under her shoulders with his fingers
interlaced behind head, the first massive, grunting rapist sodomised her while
Ursula whimpered with each pitiless, painful thrust.

	Grunt. Whimper. Grunt. Whimper. Grunt. Whimper. Leaning against the wall
outside the door, Heidi listened in total enchantment to the cornhole duet.

	Chapter 11 - Rats!

	Heidi was helping out Ilsa with her test subjects. Two naked women were
spread-eagled on their backs, each inside her own high-sided wooden box. Each
had her wrists and ankles tied to the sides of her box. They were both sweating
heavily and writhing frantically. The O rings strapped in place inside their
mouths spread their jaws achingly wide. The younger beauty seemed to be a
tighter, bustier version of the older one. Heidi grinned.

	"Let me guess: mother and daughter?"

	Ilsa grinned back.

	"Even better: it's my stepmother and stepsister!"

	Heidi nodded approvingly.

	"I can tell that this is going to be a very healing experience for you!"

	They both had a good giggle at that, two vicious vixens bonding beautifully.
Ilsa adopted a tone of smarmy affection.

	"She likes me to call her mom."

	Ilsa grinned down at her stepmother.

	"How's it going, mom? Are you ready for the rats yet, mom?"

	Heidi looked into one of the large boxes next to her. She looked deeply
impressed.

	"Wow! Are there ever a lot of rats in there!"

	The two women moaned fearfully as she picked one up by the tail. Ilsa gave her
a friendly caution.

	"Be careful, Heidi! Don't get bitten! They're vicious, evil vermin with lots of
sharp, nasty teeth. They've been starved for days."

	Naked, helpless and totally exposed in their boxes, Ilsa's stepmother and
stepsister struggled even more violently.

	Purely in the interests of  science, of course, Heidi wanted to be clear on the
function of this experiment.

	"So this is a rat bite experiment because there's lots of rats in the bombed
out ghettos and rat bites are a real problem."

	The boxed bitches whimpered pleadingly as Ilsa nodded.

	"That's right, so we let them have a really good nibble on our test subjects
here. We'll dump them in. They can't climb the smooth sides. They'll be happy to
chow down on mom and sis. We pour hundreds of rats over each subject and let
them go to work. Afterwards, the Doctors inspect the chewed up remains for bite
marks and feeding patterns."

	Ilsa snapped on some rubber gloves and pulled out some extremely stinky cheese.
Heidi wrinkled her nose.

	"Phew!"

	Ilsa explained.

	"I thought that we could make our test subjects a bit more attractive to the
rats."

	Heidi looked thoughtful.

	"Your stepmother's already a very attractive woman."

	Ilsa nodded.

	"Yeah, dad used to tell all his friends what a great fuck she was, but
attractive to men and attractive to rats are two different things."

	"Very true!"

	Quivering rodent noses detected the stinky cheese. The rats began squeaking and
scrabbling excitedly. The two victims whimpered fearfully. Heidi snapped on a
pair of rubber gloves to assist in smearing cheese on the victims. Ilsa smirked
down at her nude, squirming stepsister.

	"Hi sis! Do you want to be first?"

	The spread-eagled beauty shook her head violently. Ilsa was agreeable.

	"OK! If you insist! We'll do mom first!"

	Her horrified stepsister was conscience-stricken as Ilsa and Heida began to
smear cheese all over her mother's nude body. She squealed and squirmed futilely
for attention.

	"Because that's the way sis wants it, we'll do mom first. Then, after mom's all
chewed up, we'll do sis."

	"Sounds like a plan to me!"

	Ilsa, an old pro at this, gave a handy tip.

	"I'll work some under her toenails and you do her fingernails. Rats love to
nibble on fingers and toes!"

	Heidi nodded.

	"I guess they're bite size snacks to a rat!"

	"Exactly!"

	Heidi spread their victim's cuntlips invitingly.

	"How about hiding a tasty little treat for our starving furry friends?"

	"I like the way you think!"

	Ilsa shoved several chunks of stinky cheese up her stepmother's cunt,
ramrodding each piece in as far as possible with her fuckfinger. Thoughtfully,
she crumbled the cheese and tucked lots of crumbs inside her stepmom's pouty
cuntlips. She scrubbed the cheese enthusiastically up the crack of her stepmom's
ass while the poor woman gibbered pathetically.

	While Ilsa beavered away, Heidi worked the cheese into her victim's hair,
earholes, eyebrows, eyelashes and face.

	"I like the way you have their mouths propped wide open so they can't bite the
rats."

	"Actually, I thought that the rats might like a little tongue!"

	"Who doesn't?"

	The girls had a good snigger over that one. Ilsa inspected the panting,
wild-eyed woman carefully.

	"OK! I guess it's time for the rats!"

	She and Heidi each picked up a box, turned them upside down and emptied
hundreds of hungry rats right into her stepmother's horrified face. Ilsa had a
bit of daughterly advice.

	"Be sure and keep your buttcheeks squeezed tight, mom!"

	Heidi and Ilsa watched with gleaming eyes as Ilsa's stepmom strained mightily
to close her legs as the first rat sniffed her crotch excitedly, then began to
nose it's way in.

	"Squeeze it tighter, mom! Dad always said that you had a tight, snapping
pussy!"

	In the adjacent box, Ilsa's stepsister could see nothing through the high
wooden sides of her box. On the other hand, she could hear plenty: her mother's
shrill, inhumanly high shreiks, the frantic drumming of her mother's heels, the
excited squeaks of the feasting rats, the hard scrabble of rat claws on wood,
the creaking of the wooden box as her mom writhed, jerked and twisted violently
inside it.

	It seemed to go on for ever. At last, a familiar face peeked over the side of
her box.

	"Your turn, sis!"

	A stream of bright yellow urine arched prettily between her spread legs. Ilsa
and Heidi laughed delightedly. Her sweating, squirming body was prepped with
cheese. She squealed frantically as a yummy treat was ramrodded home.

	Then came the rats. .

     



	Chapter 12 - Racial Purity

	EIN VOLK

	EIN REICH

	EIN FUHRER

	Katrina looked at the patriotic sign on the wall as she waited impatiently in
the reception area. Apparently, her records had been destroyed in a fire at the
record office. Now someone had made some sort of stupid accusation. She had been
summoned to be inspected by an expert to ascertain her racial purity. The buxom,
blue-eyed, blond gymnastic instructor felt very confident of her ability to
absolutely ace any stupid physical exam. The whole thing was ridiculous!

	"Hi, Katrina."

	Katrina looked up in surprise at the sound of a familiar voice from the past.

	"Heidi! I haven't seen you in ages!"

	Katrina looked at Heidi's uniform.

	"Are you a nurse? Is this where you work?"

	Heidi smiled and nodded.

	"I'm helping Dr. Bernhard do his racial purity exams today. Imagine meeting you
here! It's been a long time! Remember how you and Ursula put up all those
notices everywhere saying that my father was eager to 'counsel' any teenage boys
who felt any homosexual urges?"

	Katrina sniggered at this fond reminder of her good ole days at school.

	"Ha! Yeah, that was funny! Were you ever embarassed! Actually, it was Karla's
idea, but when she's not trying to pork some guy, she's a real wimp. She was too
chicken to do anything, so Ursula and I did it."

	Heidi looked at Katrina seriously.

	"My father got beat up because of those posters. Some of the men in the
neighborhood thought it meant he was a homo looking for some teenage action."

	Katrina apologized.

	"Gee! That's too bad! We were just trying to embarass you!"

	Heidi nodded.

	"That's OK. It was a long time ago and it did get me out of the neighborhood
when dad decided to move, after he was beat up for the third time. He lost money
selling the house when he did, but I wasn't happy there, so I guess you did me a
favour!"

	Katrina looked at her sympathetically.

	"Yeah, we were a bit rough on you. Remember when we threw that stink bomb into
your cubicle while you were sitting on the toilet?"

	Heidi laughed ruefully.

	"How could I ever forget?"

	Katrina chuckled.

	"Karla told us how to make it, but was too chicken to do it herself."

	Heidi shook her head.

	"That Karla! Just full of bright ideas that she was happy to feed to you guys!
Wow!"

	Heidi decided it was time to plant a few seeds.

	"Not that you'd have any problem, Katrina, but you really wouldn't want to be
labelled Racially Impure, eh?"

	Katrina skook her head and laughed crudely.

	"That's like being labelled a slaughterhouse pig!"

	Heidi nodded in agreement.

	"It's a lot worse than that! They're hung, shot, gassed and burnt alive in
ovens! They're even used in medical experiments, sliced open while they're still
alive, infection poured into their wounds!"

	A tough, competitive jock, Katrina sniggered cruelly.

	"Serves the defective retards right!"

	Heidi continued artlessly, doing her best to look innocent on this one.

	"Why do you think anyone would say that you weren't a pure member of the Master
Race?"

	Katrina, although a tough, crude, enchantingly athletic girl, wasn't exactly
the sharpest tool in the shed. She snorted.

	"They say it because they're stupid! If I find out who accused me, I'll report
them and you can have Dr. Bernhard look at them closely! That's after I pound
the shit out of them!"

	Pretty Katrina pouted indignantly.

	"Do I look less than one hundred percent Aryan?"

	"Dr. Bernhard would say that it was protective mimicry."

	Katrina was confused.

	"Protective mimicry! What's that?"

	"Protective mimicry is when one animal mimics a more dangerous animal for it's
own protection, like when a harmless snake has the same colouring as a poisonous
snake. Or those butterflies that have patterns on their wings that look like big
eyes. It makes it seem like a big animal is looking up at a bird that might want
to eat it."

	"But I'm a shapely, blue-eyed blond with big tits!"

	Heidi looked at her calmly.

	"There are blue-eyed blond Jews with big tits. Didn't you know?"

	Katrina scowled at her skeptically.

	"I don't think so!"

	Heidi nodded.

	"It's true! Of course, they're not true Aryans. Most of them are just dying
their hair and padding their bras, but there are a few real blonds with big
tits. Dr. Bernhard can detect their genetic inferiority through careful
measurement and testing."

	Bluff, hearty Katrina was amazed at what these geniuses could come up with.

	"Really?"

	Heidi was reassuring.

	"The physical exam is quite intimate, but I don't think that you have anything
to worry about! You're tough! You can handle it! "

	Katrina nodded assent as Heidi continued.

	"To eliminate the crude hair dye mimics, we compare your pubic hair to your
head hair. You'll also have to show the good Doctor that your bra's not padded
with anything but good German mammary."

	Katrina was deliberately crass.

	"You mean I have to show him my cunt and tits!"

	Heidi laughed.

	"Exactly! But you were never a shy girl anyway, so it shouldn't be a problem,
eh?"

	The two laughed together as Heidi guided Katrina to the examination room.

	They met Dr. Bernhard just outside the room. Short, skinny and bald with
extremely thick glasses, Dr. Bernhard didn't look like a premier example of the
Master Race. Heidi thought that this might have something to do with how hard he
was on the good-looking ones. A man who looked like him had to be working
through a lot of childhood rejection. He smiled happily at the sight of Katrina.

	"Why, you're perfectly lovely, a wonderful specimen! This shouldn't take long
at all. Just go into the examination room and do as Nurse Heidi says. I'll be
along presently."

	Both women, each in her own way, were greatly encouraged by these ambiguous
remarks. Heidi opened the door and ushered Katrina inside. Katrina looked at the
object in the middle of the room in surprise.

	"A gynecology table?"

	Heidi smiled encouragingly.

	"At least it faces away from the door so no one can peek in and see that golden
treasure trove between your legs!"

	Katrina laughed and slapped Heidi heartily on the back.

	"You're funny!"

	Heidi was businesslike.

	"Well, you don't have to strip right away. I'll be taking your temperature,
pulse and blood pressure first. I bet Karla would be peeling and clambering
eagerly aboard. For an otherwise shy girl, she sure was shameless about showing
the guys her goodies!"

	Katrina giggled as Heidi took her pulse and blood pressure.

	"Yeah, I haven't seen her for a while. She was a real hoot!"

	Heidi nodded in agreement.

	"So imaginative! Remember when she gave you girls a formula for itching
powder?"

	Katrina guffawed. Heidi joined in.

	"You put some in my bra and panties while I was taking a shower in gym class!"

	The two women howled.

	"We had lots of fun with itching powder! And toilets!"

	Katrine wiped the tears from her eyes.

	"How'd you like the graphite and glue on the toilet seat?"

	Heidi goggled incredulously.

	"That was you? Wow! I never knew! It took me forever to get the black off my
bum! Was it Karla's idea?"

	Katrina nodded, speechless with hilarity. She recovered her breath, the fond
memories flooding back.

	"What about when you were sitting on the toilet with your skirt and panties
down around your ankles and I reached under the door and jerked them away. I
thought that one up myself!"

	They both laughed hard.

	"You really made me beg to get them back! You showed my panties to the boys!
They saw them - skidmarks and all! I was completely mortified!"

	Katrina guffawed loudly. She clapped Heidi on the back.

	"It's nice that you're so good-natured about it!"

	Heidi shrugged.

	"Well, it was a long time ago and, looking back, it was pretty funny."

	Something that has always bothered her came to Heidi while they were being so
open with one another.

	"What was with the corn? I never did get that one. Everytime I ate a mouthful
of corn that day in the cafeteria you guys laughed. It didn't really taste that
good. Did you guys do something to it?"

	Katrina had the good grace to look a bit embarassed.

	"You know how when you eat corn, it goes right through you and when you shit it
out, it looks just the same?"

	Heidi stared at her incredulously. Even at this distance in time, her stomach
gave a small lurch.

	"My God! Who's shitty corn was I eating?"

	Katrina laughed coarsely.

	"We all chipped in a bit, even Karla. Such a smart girl, that Karla! We picked
out the corn with tweezers, washed it up, smothered it in butter and heated it
up so Ursula could serve it to you in the cafeteria. She used to help out in the
kitchen, remember?"

	Heidi shook her head.

	"Wow! You guys were incredible!"

	She popped in the thermometer and took Katrina's temperature, dutifully
recording the results on her clipboard. She removed the thermometer and patted
the gynecology table.

	"OK, Katrina! It's time to strip and spread 'em so Dr. Bernhard can do his
thing and send you on your way with an incontestable Certificate of Racial
Purity."

	Vowing vengeance and shaking her head over the heavy-handed bureaucratic
stupidity of it all, Katrina stepped out of her high heels. She undid her skirt
and folded it neatly over the back of a chair. She peeled off her sweater. She
stood for a moment and stretched, looking delectable in her bra, panties and
stockings. Heidi grinned.

	"How could anyone think that a classy chassis like that wasn't German built?
They should call you Mercedes!"

	Katrina got up on the table and put her feet in the wide-spread stirrups.

	"Put your hands by your sides and try to relax!"

	Katrina grinned lewdly up at Heidi.

	"I've relaxed many times in this very position!"

	While the old school chums laughed merrily, the door opened silently behind
Katrina on well oiled hinges. Katrina suddenly found herself surrounded by men
taping her ankles to the stirrups. Her ample torso was strapped firmly down with
her arms trapped by her sides. She opened her mouth to protest and a strong
spring on a clamp was popped into her mouth. The clamp was released and the
powerful spring opened Katrina's mouth achingly wide, impossible for her to
close against the strong spring.  Dr. Bernhard grinned down at her.

	"As soon as I saw her, I knew it was a case of protective mimicry. It was very
astute of Nurse Heidi to have spotted such a specimen on the street!"

	Heidi smiled modestly, hugely enjoying Katrina's look of pure horror. Dr.
Bernhard saw it too.

	"See! The faker knows that she is caught!"

	He chuckled smugly at a job well done. He picked up the speculum.

	"Of course, on closer inspection, the signs are unmistakeable. She's not really
human! No need to be gentle with such an animal!"

	Katrina tried frantically to close her well-spread legs as he rammed the
speculum up her cunt and opened it agonizingly wide so everyone could see in.
Everyone had a good look.

	To help in his demonstration of what he termed a 'classic case', Dr. Bernhard
positioned a bright light so that Katrina's painfully wide-stretched vaginal
orifice was fully illuminated. Looking desperately down between her legs, trying
frantically to see what was happening, the bright light blinded Katrina
completely. Standing behind it, the Doctors could see everything. Dr. Bernhard
inserted a long tenaculum to pinch and pull her in excruciatingly intimate
anguish, pinching brutally on various 'defects' in her internal genital
construction, twisting and turning them agonizingly so everyone could see.

	Katrina hummed in unbelievable pain for a long time. Dr. Bernhard at last
relented and spoke jovially to his eminent colleagues.

	"You're probably wondering how Nurse Heidi could spot her walking along the
street if the sure clues are all between her legs."

	The Doctors laughed genially. Dr. Bernhard smiled warmly at Heidi who blushed
modestly.

	"Would you care to explain, Heidi?"

	She really didn't have a clue, but this was no problem for an old hand like
Heidi. 

	"You're the expert! You tell!"

	Dr. Bernhard was gratified.

	"Women have an incredible eye for detail, especially when they're sizing each
other up while being introduced. It was the teeth, wasn't it, Heidi?"

	Heidi nodded, looking at Katrina's propped open mouth. She had a feeling that
this was going to be good. Dr. Bernhard opened a door next to the gynecology
table and pulled out a dental drill. This, of course, was not one of your modern
high speed, comparatively painless dental drills. This was one of those fine,
old fashioned slow speed drills. Heidi picked up a water glass and positioned
herself to assist.

	Dr. Bernhard peeled back Katrina's lips.

	"You can see the flawed structure, but to really see it in depth you have to
dig in and see the interior of the tooth."

	Katrina's screams blended beautifully with the whine of the old fashioned
dental drill slowly grinding down her tooth. Between her legs, a bright yellow
arc of urine spurted into the perfectly positioned glass held by Heidi. The
Doctors applauded.

	"Well done, Nurse!"

	Heidi curtsied.

	"It's important for a Nurse to have a good rapport with her patient!"

	When the drill bit into the nerve, Katrina fainted. When she came to, the
Doctors were gone. Heidi swirled her urine in the glass suggestively.

	"Time to rinse and spit, Katrina!"

	She pinched Katrina's nose and poured the piss down her throat.



	Chapter 13 - School Reunion: A Lesson In Respect

	Stark naked, hands bound behind her, Karla was escorted into the room by the
ever-helpful Hans and Otto. Karla, a very imaginative young lady, could not
imagine how a row of nooses arranged over a beam could be good news.

	It wasn't.

	Otto fitted a noose round her neck and pulled it upwards via a pulley in the
ceiling. Standing behind her, Hans slipped a hand between her legs and, cupping
her cunt warmly, lifted upwards encouragingly. Emitting a small squeal, Karla
stepped quickly up onto the narrow beam. Otto cleated the rope so that there was
no slack.

	"Say a word until you're given permission and you start your dancing lesson
immediately!"

	Karla was silent as a graveyard at midnight.

	One by one, Katrina, Ursula and Katja were escorted in, fitted with nooses by
Otto, felt Hans'  warmly supportive hand on their slits lifting upwards and
stepped up quickly onto the beam.

	Heidi entered the room smiling brightly and began to explain things.

	"The beam that you're standing on can be raised or lowered by an electric motor
to which I have the control. Now...."

	"BITCH!!!"

	Tough Katrina spat out the word defiantly, glaring mulishly at Heidi. The
others stared at Katrina in pure horror. Heidi shrugged.

	"In that case, we move straight to the practical demonstration."

	She pressed a button and the beam lowered. Ursula screeched hysterically before
the tightening noose shut off her air.

	"Katrina! You're a butt-stupid cunt!"

	After that, no further comments were possible. The noose ropes thrummed as the
adrenaline charged beauties kicked and jerked with manic energy. Overhead, the
pulleys creaked as long, lovely legs scissored violently, a row of track stars
racing flat out to nowhere.

 	Their blood-pressure skyrocketted as their hearts pounded in their heaving
chests. Blood bloated their pretty faces, which lack of oxygen turned cyanotic
blue. Vessels burst in their bulging eyes, reddening the whites. Blood trickled
from their noses and ears as more blood vessels popped. Their tongues protruded
from the painful cinching of the noose.

	Gaping mouths screamed silently for air. Bare tits bounced and bouncing
buttocks dimpled as they danced a frenetic mid-air polka. Heidi pressed the
button to raise the beam.

	Questing toes eagerly clawed the rising beam for support. Heidi let them suck
great gasps of air into their burning lungs for a while before resuming.

	"We've heard Ursula's opinion of Katrina. Karla?"

	Karla croaked hoarsely, but decisively.

	"She's a fuckhead!"

	"Katja?"

	Katja's scathing voice had been roughened by the noose too.

	"She couldn't find her cunt with both hands!"

	Katrina, her voice raw with emotion and contempt, spat out her defiance.

	"You stupid cunts, it doesn't matter what you say, she's still a bitch and
she's going to fry us all."

	Heidi shook her head as she pressed the button and the beam began to descend.

	"Katrina's making it hard on all of you! You all suffer until she learns
respect."

	Katrina whined petulantly as the nooses cinched ever tighter.

	"It's not fair! Punish me, not them! I'm ..."

	The dangling row of purple faced beauties kicked like a demented chorus line.

	Heidi breathed deeply, inhaling the savage odour of sweat and urine as
weakened, near-death bladders released. She raised the beam once more. They
stood, gasping stertorously, bare breasts heaving, naked thighs quaking
tremulously, slick with sweat, hair plastered to their skulls, exhausted by
their all out, frantic struggles.

	"Do you want to apologize to me, Katrina?"

	The others stared at Katrina in bone deep dread. Looking around at the
anguished faces of her tortured friends, tortured because of her, Katrina felt
profound shame. She caved in, a beaten bitch at last.

	"I'm sorry."

	Heidi smiled happily. She picked up a pair of pliers.

	"Do you want to atone, Katrina? Or do you think that everyone should atone?"

	Katrina breathed deeply.

	"I'll atone."

	Her friends had suffered enough.

	"Spread your legs wide, Katrina."

	Katrina spread them wide, an experienced gymnast balancing on the beam easily.

	"I want you to beg me to squeeze your clit hard with the pliers."

	Katrina took another deep breath.

	"Please! Squeeze my clit with the pliers! I deserve it!"

	Katrina shuddered as Heidi peeled back the hood of flesh and the cold jaws
gripped her clit. She braced herself.

	Heidi squeezed cruelly. Legs spread wide, Katrina tried to keep quiet and
suffer in a dignified silence.

	Heidi pulled and jerked viciously. Dignified silence was not an option. Katrina
sobbed.

	Gratified, but wanting more, Heidi moved it up a notch. She crushed the pliers
brutally using both hands, pulling and twisting savagely. Katrina began to
scream.

	Chapter 14 - Showtime!

	The audience was waiting expectantly. Mistress Elke was famous for sweating her
bitches hard before the final snuff. 

	Captain Steiner's bosom buddy, Nurse Heidi Schumacher, rested her hand on the
Captain's crotch. She massaged his erection playfully. Her own cunt was nice and
wet. She looked lewdly at her man.

	"Ready for some fun?"

	They sniggered happily, two perverts deeply in lust.

	 Next to them, Hans was lighting up his pipe. The pretty, well-groped whore
beside him, his 'date' for the evening, looked at him with all the enchantment
she could muster. She understood completely the importance of giving out
freebies to the SS.

	On their other side, Otto had his hands inside his gasping date's panties. His
'date' was a pretty Jew girl deathly afraid of being found out. Otto put his
fearful fucktoy through her paces. He pinched her cuntlips and insinuated a
finger into her tight little fuckhole. She squirmed, a big shit-eating grin on
her lovely face, foolishly eager to please.

 	Mistress Elke paraded her two young snufftoys onto the stage. The audience
drank in the fresh meat and applauded appreciatively. As instructed, Eva and
Lisl did their very best to look prim, proper and delectable. Everyone loves
watching a pair of haughty beauties fucked over thoroughly.

	The two young actresses had their memberships in the Master Race permanently
revoked when they mounted a hilarious send-up of Adolf Hitler at what was
supposed to be a very private party.  Rival actresses gleefully mentioned the
send up as they spread their legs for high ranking Nazi 'sponsors' later that
evening.

	Good news travels fast. Nasty news flies. Everyone had quickly lined up for the
privilege of carving the snot out of the foolish young actresses. They had been
raped over thoroughly by teams of drooling perverts. Now it was Mistress Elke's
turn. She smirked at the audience.

	"Eva and Lisl are the contestants in tonight's charming little competition! The
loser gets to take part in Dr. Sleissmann's delightful experiments in how much
can be amputated from a woman and still allow her to live. We're not just
talking about losing fingers and toes here. We're talking the surgical
amputation of slim arms and shapely legs, firm young buttocks, having those baby
blue eyeballs scooped out, losing those pretty ears, lovely noses and pouty
lips, having those pearly-white teeth yanked out and having that wet, pink
tongue sliced off. Need I mention tits and clits?"

	The audience chuckled coarsely. Not having been told about this, Eva and Lisl
were wide-eyed. Mistress Elke continued smoothly.

  	"Our two contestants have seen Dr. Sleissmann's ghastly test subjects
groaning away hideously in their small little boxes. The winner, of course, gets
to be the control subject, the one who doesn't get chopped up, but is kept
around for comparison purposes. It's wonderful motivation, isn't it girls?"

	Eva and Lisl nodded nervously and replied in unison.

	"Yes, Mistress Elke!"

	Mistress Elke lifted Eva's chin with her riding crop.

	"This is Eva, an airhead actress who really knows how to get down on her knees
and fill her stomach with cum. How many dicks have you sucked in the last week,
Eva?"

	"A lot! I don't know the exact number."

	"More than one hundred?"

	"A lot more!"

	The audience guffawed. Mistress Elke shook her head. The riding crop lifted
Lisl's chin.

	"This is Lisl, another airhead actress. How many men have you fucked in the
last week, Lisl?"

	Lisl licked her lips nervously.

	"Uh, I don't know. A lot!"

	MIstress Elke snorted.

	"I guess that, when the brains were being handed out, they were busy getting
tits."

	The audience chuckled. 

	"OK, girls, enough chitchat. It's time for action! The first part of the
contest deals with physical attributes: how Eva and Lisl measure up. Talking of
tits, lets start by seeing who has the biggest ones. Ladies, and I use the term
very loosely, take off your tops and show the audience what you have to offer!"

	Decent, respectable young women would have hesitated when given such an order. 
To a pretty young actress who has been taught to gobble dick kneeling nude with
a strangling wire wrapped tight around her throat, showing everyone the goodies
was easy.

	Eva and Lisl peeled off their silk blouses and shamelessly uncupped monster
melons.  Playfully, they bounced them for the crowd, like the well-trained fuck
sluts they had become. Mistress Elke had a tip for her two slaughterhouse lambs.

	"It helps if your nipples are erect when measured."

	Eva and Lisl pulled up hard on their big melons, stuck their nipples, into
their mouths and licked and sucked them erect. The audience gave them a big
round of applause for this lewd little trick.

	"Put your hands behind your head and take a deep breath, contestants!"

	Elke wrapped the measuring tape around the erect, moist nipples. She read off
the measurements while Eva and Lisl arched their backs and tried to inflate
their bare chests as much as possible.

	"Lisl wins!"

	There was ironic applause. Mistress Elke continued smoothly.

	"Let's see which of our two young airheads is deepest. Bend over and pull down
your panties, fuckmeat."

	Wiggling their heinies playfully, they pulled down their panties and bared
their bums. They bent over, legs spread, everything on display. Mistress Elke
picked up a thick, ribbed dildo with numbers down the side.

	"Let's insert the dipstick and see who can handle the big boys best!"

	Eva jerked violently and gasped as the dipstick was rammed in. Her tits bounced
hard as Mistress Elke jammed the raspy, unlubricated dipstick up her cunt as far
as it would go. She read off the measurement and jerked it out.

	Although braced for it, lovely Lisl still jerked and bounced her tits hard when
the dipstick was rammed home, twisted cruelly and jerked out.

	"Lisl wins again!"

	The two young actresses stood, faces flushed, hands clamped over burning cunts.
Mistress Elke looked critically at Eva.

	"You don't seem to be measuring up, Eva. You want to be chopped up and put in a
box, honey?"

	Lovely Eva looked very worried indeed.

	"No, Mistress Elke!"

	Mistress Elke smiled indulgently as she produced the fuckometer, a long, thick
rod with a pressure gauge on the end.

	"Well, let's see if you're a tightie. Maybe because it's smaller, it's tighter,
eh Eva? Bend over and spread 'em, sweetmeat."

	Eva bent over, reached between her legs and spread her cuntlips wide. She
groaned as Mistress Elke plunged another triumph of German technology deep
inside her.

	"Now let go of your lips and squeeze the rod as tightly as possible with your
cunt. The meter on the end will register how much fuckforce you generate."

	Elke read off the measurement. She turned to Lisl.

	"Your turn, fuckmeat."

	Lisl bent over and spread 'em. She grunted as the fuckometer was rammed home.
She clamped down hard.

	"Lisl wins again!"

	Mistress Elke put her arm around Eva's shoulders, a coach advising a competitor
who was going to have to dig deep to come from behind.

	"It doesn't look good, Eva. Let's see you put in a real effort for this next
one. Bend over and grab your ankles, ladies!"

	Two oversize water bags hooked high on either side of a pole on wheels were
rolled onto the stage. The tubes connected to the greased enema probes made
their purpose clear. The audience applauded wildly. Mistress Elke grinned.

	"We're going to give your fuckholes a break, ladies."

	She turned to the audience.

	"Is everyone in the mood for a squirting contest?"

	The crowd of perverts roared their approval. Eva and Lisl's minority opinion
was buried completely. Mistress Elke sniggered.

	"Need I explain? We load our two contestants until their guts are bursting,
unplug them and whoever squirts the farthest wins."

	Eva and Lisl grunted as the probes were rammed crudely up their shitholes.
Their baby blues bulged. Every vein and artery stood out, pulsing violently, on
their brick red faces as the clips were removed from the tubes and the warm,
soapy water filled their bowels achingly full. They sobbed shamelessly, bare
tits aquiver, as their intestines ballooned, straining painfully to contain the
load. Mistress Elke eyed her two quivering pets.

	"Are you ready, ladies?"

	They nodded in unison, their bulging bellies cramping agonizingly. Mistress
Elke waited a few moments, looking thoughtful, while her two bursting beauties
quivered like an overburdened dam about to rupture. She wanted to be absolutely
sure. She made her voice warmly sympathetic, filled with deep concern.

	"Are you certain that you don't want a little more, Eva? It might make all the
difference."

	Poor palpitating Eva had immense difficulty framing a coherent verbal response.
She gave up trying and shook her head violently. Mistress Elke shrugged.

	"You can't say I didn't give you every chance."

	She paused dramatically, then turned to the handlers.

	"Unplug them, gentleman!"

	They were unplugged and promptly unloaded, spraying two gigantic blasts of
shitwater in long brown arcs across the stage. They stumbled ahead, rocketted
forward by the mighty brown blasts spraying from between their buttcheeks. Pale
faced and sweating, Eva and Lisl dropped to their knees, doubled over and
clutched cramped bellies. The crowd groaned as the stench filled the room. As
the good German ventilation system cleared the air and her nude team of
fear-trained bitches in high heels swabbed the stage, Mistress Elke announced
the bad news.

	"Lisl wins again!"

	She shook her head in disappointment.

 	

	"Eva, you should have taken that little bit extra!"

	The two shit-stained beauties had towels thrown in their fearful, tearful
faces.

	"Wipe yourselves!"

	Again, Mistress Elke put her arm around Eva's shoulders, once more a coach
advising a competitor who was going to have to dig very deep indeed to come from
behind.



	"Can you handle pain?"

	To poor quaking Eva, it seemed that her radio was permanently tuned to the bad
news channel. Reflecting her rapidly mounting hysteria, her voice squeaked a bit
as she replied.

	"If I lose, I get sliced and diced until there's hardly anything left except
the pain."

	She swallowed hard and spoke words that warmed Mistress Elke's crotch.



	"I'll do whatever it takes! What did you have in mind?"

	Mistress Elke spoke expansively, mugging a bit for the audience.

	"Well, so far it seems that Lisl is the better fuck in every way: bigger tits,
can handle the big ones, has a real nice squeeze down where it counts and is
really impressive at shooting the shit."

	The audience laughed coarsely. Eva gave a small fearful nod, staring wide-eyed
at Mistress Elke like a rabbit trapped in the headlights. The audience loved it.

	"Of course, there's always the intelligence test..."

	Marginally brighter than her fuckslut companion, Eva looked hopeful as the
audience shouted suggestions.

	"Ask her if any fries come with that shake!"

	"Ask her if she can figure out how many tits she has, WITHOUT looking down!"

	"How many whores does it take to screw a lightbulb?"

	 Eva's face fell as a smirking Mistress Elke let her down.

	"Unfortunately, you both flunked the intelligence test just by being here."

	What Mistress Elke really loved about pretty little Eva was that she was a
tough little bitch, not bright, but physically tough. Poor Eva had one other
trait Mistress Elke loved: a very high threshold of pain. Mistress Elke smiled
indulgently.

	"But seriously, Eva, I'm going to give you a chance to catch up to Lisl. Do you
want it or should we invite Dr. Sleissmann up right now?"

	Eva licked her lips nervously. She glanced down and saw Dr. Sleissman grinning
up from the audience.

	"I'll do it!"

	Mistress Elke was solicitous.

	"Are your sure? This is really going to hurt!"

	Her pretty face glistened in the bright lights. Eva nodded.

	Mistress Elke gestured to the handlers. Eva swallowed hard as she saw the
branding irons wheeled out on a stainless steel cart, heating over a brazier.
They had obviously been heating for some time. The branding irons glowed red
over the hot coals.

	"Bend over and grab your ankles, Eva! I'm going to make your bare bum sizzle!"

	Ashen faced and trembling, Eva bent over. Her tight buns dimpled prettily.

	Mistress Elke picked up a bottle of barbecue sauce and a basting brush from the
cart. She dipped the brush in the sauce and began to baste Eva's silky smooth,
nicely rounded buttocks.

	"I like my meat well done and suitably seasoned."

	She put on an oven mitt and picked up a glowing iron.

	"My challenge to you Eva is to accept being branded once on each buttock. Don't
move and don't make a sound. If you make even the smallest squeak, it will all
be for nothing. Understand?"

	Eva bit her lip and nodded.

	"Yes, Mistress Elke!"

	Without further ado, Mistress Elke pressed the glowing iron firmly against
Eva's left bun and held it there. The cooking meat sizzled and spit. The sweet
fragrance of the tangy barbecue sauce filled the air. Eva's baby blues bulged.
Her face contorted in a hideous rictus of agony. She bit her lips so hard that
blood dripped onto the floor. Urine trickled down the inside of her trembling
thighs. After the iron had burned it's message deep into Eva's left cheek,
Mistress Elke withdrew the iron and put it back over the brazier. The words BEAT
ME were visible from the back of the house on her red swollen buttock.

	Mistress Elke was encouraging.

	"Very well done, Eva! Let's fry the other one."

	Once more, the sound and smell of sizzling meat filled the air. Naked thighs
quaking, every artery in her beet red face pulsing hard, Eva breathed in great
gulps of air, her bloody bitten lips trembling. Tough and dumb, the young bimbo
didn't emit a sound. The words RAPE ME burned on her other cheek.

 	

	Mistress Elke was smug.

	"I knew you had it in you, Eva."

	She turned to the audience as two stainless steel tables were wheeled out.

	"Now, for the final event, we'll strap our two hard-humping whores face up on
the table."

	She turned expectantly to her two trembling dumb bunnies.

	"Up you go, ladies. Don't be shy!"

	Her thoroughly cowed victims crawled up onto the tables and were instantly
strapped down spread-eagled. Stupid Eva even looked grateful as the cold metal
soothed her burning buns. Mistress Elke smiled happily and looked down at Dr.
Sleissmann in the audience.

	"It's a tie so, once again, we have no winners! Come up and claim your prizes
Dr. Sleissmann!"

	Eva and Lisl began struggling frantically, but it was way too late. Dr.
Sleissman loved working on blonds. They reminded him of some snotty little
bitches he had known at university.

	The surgical implements were uncovered and Dr. Sleissmann began demonstrating
his art on his two screaming patients, ably assisted by Nurse Ilsa. He started
with the smaller amputations: ears, eyelids, nipples and clit. Eva and Lisl
shreiked dementedly as the bloody gobbets of flesh were excised from their taut
straining young bodies. Their pretty little fingers and dainty little toes were
next. Their big breasts and pouty cuntlips followed, Nurse Ilsa administering
the drugs to keep them fully awake, skilfully reviving them when the drugs
failed.

	Once their pretty blue eyeballs had been scooped out, they no longer looked
human. Working like the highly skilled butcher that he was, Dr. Sleissman
removed their slim arms and shapely legs, cutting at the shoulder and hips
joints, quickly tying off the arteries to prevent any bleedout. He carved off
their buttocks and set them aside to be served at the meal afterwards. There
would be a yummy, well cooked slice of female flesh for everyone.

	He went to work on their pretty faces. It was simply a matter of removing their
teeth, lips, noses and tongues. After that, they were fitted into their small
little boxes, still living morsels of flesh.

	Dr. Sleissmann bowed to thunderous applause. 

		TO BE CONTINUED...

	Feel free to contact me at Llabmik69@yahoo.com

 over. Her tight buns dimpled prettily.

	Mistress




				Nazi Nurse - Part 2

			 	by Llabmik

	Chapter 15 - Job Interview

	Lovely Greta enjoyed her job as Colonel Stroheim's secretary. The SS had such
power. Her uncle, one of Colonel Stroheim's old cronies from Krystalnacht days,
now dead in a bombing raid, had gotten her the job. Basically, she was a little
blond princess who didn't have to fuck anybody to get her nice cushy job and, as
a matter of policy, didn't spread her shapely legs for SS guys. She told anybody
that asked that it would be like grabbing an alligator by the tail. Like so many
beautiful bimbos who like hanging with the bad boys, it never occurred to her
that just being in the swamp was a bad idea. She was a nightclub party girl and
wartime Berlin offered some delightfully sleazy nightlife for an utterly
shameless young hussy.

	Like so many people of quite limited intelligence, Greta thought of herself as
a sharpie with the inside track on everything. She funded her slinky little
fashion statements by skimming fifteen percent off the payday raffle which she
ran. Nobody ever checked up after the first few which she ran with conspicuous
and painstaking honesty. The last four draws had been fifteen percent gravy for
our little fashion fox.

	Each of the three men arriving for the 2:00 pm meeting duly handed over a thick
packet of money and raffle tickets that had been collected by their assistants.

	The first to arrive was Captain Steiner. Fluent in french, he was in charge of
interrogating Resistance fighters. The archtypal good-looking SS bad boy, he
also liased with the Medical Experimentation Unit (women's studies). Greta was
fascinated by his wonderfully brutal methods. The sight of the tough, handsome
Captain really got the juices flowing in her tight, little love canal. If she
hadn't had a chilling little heart-to-heart chat with his very scary girlfriend,
Nurse Heidi, she could have gone for him in a big way. Greta smiled prettily as
she accepted the raffle packet from him.

	"Sweating the scum nicely, Captain Steiner?"

	Aware of her prurient interests, Captain Steiner always had some juicy little
tidbit to feed naughty little Greta.

	"I just received a shipment of six female resistance fighters. They are
currently in the basement, squatting in tiny cages. Their wrists are tied behind
them and their only article of clothing is an adult diaper to seal in the
goodness as they are being denied toilet privileges."

	Greta grinned wickedly. She loved this stuff.

	"Any of them have their period?"

	Captain Steiner nodded.

	"Are any of them showing a disappointing degree of bowel and bladder control?"

	Captain Steiner smirked.

	"After an educational beating, each of them had a generous amount of vinegar
squirted up her rectum just before the adult diaper was strapped on.
Constipation isn't a problem."

	Greta sniggered.

	"Do any want to talk?"

	Captain Steiner winked.

	"Several have shown a clear desire to communicate, but they are all nicely
gagged so they'll just have to be patient."

	Pretty Greta clapped her hands in delight.

	"So they're squatting in a tiny cage , in their own piss and shit, no food, no
water, no conversation? Stupid cows!"

	Captain Steiner laughed genially.

	"Several of the 'cows' have quite large udders and have been jiggling them at
the guards to try and get their attention, but with black eyes, fat lips, bloody
noses and the awesome stench, they are hardly at their most desirable!"

	He tapped the envelope with the raffle money and tickets.

	"Pick my ticket, Greta. Make me a winner!"

	"I bet those naked, squatting French bitches are sure that you're a winner
already, Captain!"

	He laughed and went into Colonel Stroheim's office.

	Captain Krupp arrived next and handed her the envelope of lottery money and
tickets. Greta burbled happily as she accepted the thick packet. She was going
to be one well-dressed piece of nightclub nookie.

	"This payday lottery is really popular!"

	Curiosity showed in her pretty face.

	"I hear that you captured that traitor in the cypher department in a
restaurant, drunk as a lord! Drunks are pretty insensitive to pain. I guess you
have to wait until he sobers up."

	Captain Krupp laughed modestly.

	"No at all! We simply stripped him naked, cuffed his hands behind his back and
tied his weinie shut with a loop of stout twine wrapped around it and tied
tight. In very short order, he was quite literally bursting with eagerness to
tell us everything. No problem!"

	Greta giggled cheerfully.

	"Jeez! You're making me laugh so hard I almost wet myself!"

	"Well, at least you can if you want! That poor sap is still begging for the
privilege!"

	Greta had to wipe away the tears, she was laughing so hard. Captain Krupp
patted her on the shoulder and went in.

	The last to arrive was Captain Gruber. He had the last thick lottery envelope
which he duly handed over. Enquiring minds want to know, so Greta was eager to
hear the latest.

	"How's that cute little typing clerk who was giving secrets to the allies? Is
she singing prettily?"

	Captain Gruber grinned.

	"She was a little reluctant at first, so we applied the nipple clamps and
screwed them tight. She was still reluctant to sing, but I could see that her
bare little bod was weakening, so I brought out my new little toy and screwed
the clit clamp in place. She is now co-operating fully with me in every way."

	He gave Greta a significant wink.

	"Every way."

	Greta laughed.

	"So what happens to her now?"

	"There are no obvious marks and she caved in quickly so, for the time being,
she is back in place and passing a confusing mix of true and false info to the
Allies. When we are done with her, she gets flushed hard."

	He showed Greta the finely crafted stainless steel clit clamp with it's vicious
little spiked jaws for grasping a love nubbin and squeezing hard. Greta was
impressed.

	"A triumph of German engineering! That's gotta hurt!"

	She picked up the vicious little implement, inspecting it closely. She
shuddered delicately and put it back on the desk. She held up the box that she
had put all the lottery tickets in.

	"I've got all the tickets now. Reach in and pick who wins all the money,
Captain Gruber."

	He reached in and picked one. He read it and rolled his eyes comically.

	"Colonel Wessel wins! He needs more money like he needs another duelling scar!"

	He shrugged philosophically.

	"Phone us inside once you add up the money and let us know how much richboy
scooped!"

	Greta snapped him a smart salute.

	"Yes, sir!"

	He started to enter the office.

	"Captain Gruber!"

	He stopped and arched an eyebrow enquiringly.

	"Yes, Fraulein?"

	"You forgot this."

	She handed him the vicious little clit clamp. He accepted it, clicked his heels
and bowed graciously.

	"Danke schon!"

	He pocketted the vicious little torture tool and stepped inside. Greta thought
of the spiked clit clamp and shuddered briefly. She sure wouldn't want any of
these guys getting hold of her delectable bare body.

	Greta picked up the lottery money. She added up the total and phoned in the
amount, minus her fifteen percent skim, to Colonel Stroheim and the three
captains. She put her 'commission' into her purse and put the rest in an
envelope to give to Colonel Wessel.

	She put on the earphones and began typing a transcript of an interrogation
which had been taped using a wire recorder. The woman's screams warmed the
cockles of her crotch. Greta replayed them a few times, grinning hugely and
squirming in her seat. Then she got down to business and started typing.

	A few minutes later, Colonel Stroheim summoned her. Greta picked up her purse
and her steno pad and went in. She knew something was wrong when Captain Steiner
locked the door behind her. Colonel Stroheim gestured sternly to a short stool
in front of his desk. It was the stool he used to put his victims as near to the
floor as possible.

	"Sit."

	Greta sat primly, knees tightly together, squatting down deeply to park her
tight buns on the humiliatingly low stool.

	"Greta, the amount you claimed to take in from the lottery is short. This makes
the fourth in a row that is short. Give your purse to Captain Gruber."

	Greta felt like she had been punched in the gut. Biting her lip, she handed her
purse to the man with the clit clamp in his pocket. He emptied it onto the desk.

	A box of condoms, a picture of a naked stud, achingly erect, and a spare pair
of black silk panties fell out along with her wallet and other oddments. Greta
blushed furiously.

	Captain Gruber opened the wallet, pulled out the bills and spread them on the
desk. He inspected them closely.

	"They're the ones, OK. And in the exact amount of the shortfall."

	Greta swallowed hard. She tried to think of something, some good explanation.
Nothing came. Colonel Stroheim inspected her coldly.

	"You know that we handle these things internally. We do not involve the police
in the affairs of the SS."

	Greta nodded. She knew.

	With his German love of order and method, Colonel Stroheim did it by the
numbers.

	"There are three issues to be resolved here: one - restitution of what you have
stolen, two - your future, and three - a suitable punishment."

	Greta's baby blues darted nervously, her cheeks flushed bright red.

	"I'm really very, very sorry. It was quite stupid of me. I'll make it up to you
in any way that you deem fair and just. I'll do whatever is necessary to make it
right - anything!"

	It was a speech to warm a jaded pervert's heart. Colonel Stroheim was
enchanted.

	"You are a very pretty girl, Greta. Before we go any farther, I want you to
strip to your bra and panties and get down on your knees."

	The men's eyes glittered ferally as Greta stood and silently stripped. She
removed her satin blouse, folded it neatly and put it on the desk next to the
box of condoms. Her skirt was soon neatly folded on top of the stud's picture.
She stepped out of her high heels and peeled off her expensive silk stockings.
She placed them neatly on the desk and knelt. She looked at them pleadingly,
tears in her eyes. Her voice shook.

	"Please, I'll do whatever it takes. I just don't want to be disfigured or
crippled."

	Captain Steiner had a helpful suggestion.

	"Perhaps you would like to remove your bra and panties and show us what you
have to offer. Maybe a round of blowjobs would put everyone in a more mellow
mood as we contemplate your fate?"

	She lost the rest of it. No one was disappointed. She was grade A sweatermeat
with a lovely pair of juice jigglers. Her blouse boulders bobbed gently as the
pretty party girl made the rounds, demonstrating her skill as a piccolo player,
showing superb breath control and flutter-tonguing beautifully.

	When she was done, Colonel Stroheim leaned forward and cupped her chin as he
meted out some SS justice. Again, he did it by the numbers.

	"OK, Greta, here's the deal. One - for restitution. You stole four times. Each
time, you stole the amount necessary to purchase a whore for the night. There
are four of us. We each get your services for one twenty-four hour period.
Agreed?"

	Greta nodded.
	
	"Yes."

	"Two - your future. Herr Goebbels is looking for a new mistress. He's admired
you, but so far, you've shown no interest. He thinks he heard you call him a fat
hog, but I assured him that you held him in the highest respect. From now on,
that's your job. You're no longer my secretary, you are Herr Goebbels mistress.
If we hear any complaints from him, you get a job shovelling out the ovens in
Buchenwald and that's just for starters. Agreed?"

	Greta nodded.

	"Yes."

	"Third - punishment. You will spend tonight with Captain Steiner's French
Resistance bitches. You will be gagged and bound and squat naked in a cage like
them, but no diaper. Nobody wants you spoiled. You will not be released until
you have peed and pooped on the paper at the bottom of the cage like a zoo
animal. We want you to be intimately aquainted with the possibilities. Study
those miserable bitches carefully. Observe what a well-beaten woman looks like.
They used to be good-looking, but never again. Their once-pretty faces have been
thoroughly pulped. Watch while the rest of them is beaten and broken. Listen to
them sob and scream. Breath deeply. Savour the stench. Look into their eyes.
Know that if you fuck up, that could easily be you. Understand?"

	Greta swallowed hard and nodded.

	"Yes."

	"You know a lot of secrets. We could have you flushed down the toilet for being
untrustworthy and everyone would tell us that it was a job well done. You
realize that we are being very generous with you?"

	He looked at her sternly. Greta gulped.
	
	"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir."

	Colonel Stroheim nodded.

	"We'll tell you the schedule for playing hide the salami when you finish your
tour of duty with the French bitches. Next week, you start as Goebbels
mistress."

	He beamed at his colleagues.

	"How about another round of knob jobs?"

	It was a popular suggestion. Everyone unzipped and lovely Greta, naked on her
knees, wrapped her luscious lips around Colonel Stroheim's rock hard piledriver
and started gobbling.

	
	Chapter 16 - New Bitch

	Rebekka was horrified. She stared at Mistress Elke like a rabbit trapped in the
headlights. Otto slapped her cheerfully on the back.

	"I told you I'd look after you! I have to take a trip, sniffing out jews, spies
and traitors. Mistress Elke has generously offered to protect you while I'm
away!"

	Mistress Elke inspected Rebekka from her pretty little head to her nicely
polished toenails, the big bad wolf eyeing a yummy little lamb. She purred at
her new pet.

	"Otto says that you're very eager to please. I like that in a woman."

	Rebekka bit her lip and nodded, her pretty face aquiver with nervous tics.
Trading sex for protection had seemed like such a good idea at first. After all,
how many times can a man get it up in a day?

	Unfortunately for the pretty jew-girl, being a Nazi had brought out the beast
in him, giving Otto awesome stamina. He loved fucking over the 'lesser breeds'.
The sex had turned out to be a series of very long, very hard rides for lovely
little Rebekka.

	The bad news was that he was always looking for fresh fuckmeat. So many bitches
to sweat, so little time. Otto bade her a cheerful farewell.

	"You two lovebirds look like you have a lot to talk about! Have fun!"

	Pretty Rebekka was scared shitless. She had seen Mistress Elke in action. She
brought a woman's touch to sweating a bitch. Men were just crude. Women were
absolutely depraved. Mistress Elke cupped Rebekka's lovely face in her gloved
hands, stared deep into her playmate's scared rabbit eyes and spoke briskly.
Like Colonel Stroheim, Mistress Elke had the German fondness for doing it by the
numbers.

	"Item one is your new name. You're no longer Rebekka. From now on you answer to
Muffy because, if you work out, you'll be spending a lot of time with your face
in my crotch."

	The newly christened Muffy nodded. She knew that if she didn't work out, she
would end up in Mistress Elke's snuff shows.

	"If you answer to Rebekka, you'll be punished. Understand?"

	Muffy nodded.

	"If anybody calls you Rebekka, explain that you're name is Muffy now because
you're a working girl now and you like a box lunch!"  

	Mistress Elke started to unbutton Muffy's blouse.

	"Item two is seeing what you have to offer. I hope you don't disappoint."

	If there was one thing Muffy was confident of, it was her lithe, athletic, 
ex-cheerleader's bod.

	"You won't be disappointed."

	Mistress Elke slapped her lightly. Poor Muffy was totally confused, uncertain
of her mistake.

	"Item three: you always address me as Mistress Elke."

	"Yes, Mistress Elke! Sorry, Mistress Elke!"

	Mistress Elke's gloved hands roamed like deadly spiders over Muffy clothes,
stripping her deftly.

	"Bend over and spread your legs. Hands behind your head."

	"Yes, Mistress Elke!"

	For a long while, Muffy stood, fully exposed, while Mistress Elke's long
fingers probed deeply and squeezed intimately, a butcher checking out the meat.
Muffy shivered delicately as her holes were opened for inspection. After a
rigorous examination that left Muffy gasping, Mistress Elke grunted in
satisfaction.

	"Otto was right! You're prime."

	She looked at Muffy with critical eyes.

	"You've got the looks OK, but can you deliver the goods?"

	Mistress Elke stepped out of her spike heels, peeled off her skintight black
leather pants and removed her g-string. She sat on the edge of her chair and
spread her legs. Without any more encouragement, Muffy dropped to her knees, put
her face in Mistress Elke's already moist muff and demonstrated that there were
definite advantages to being educated in an all-girl school.

	Mistress Elke was as greedy and demanding as Muffy's physical education
headmistress had been, cumming repeatedly in Muffy's pretty face, sliming her
thoroughly. The swampy smell of a woman in heat definitely brought back memories
for Muffy as she licked and sucked, having a real clam chowdown. Muffy
discovered that it was like riding a bicycle. Even if you haven't done it in
years, you never forget how.

	Although women have an awesome capacity to cum copiously, Mistress Elke was, at
last, totally satisfied. Women can be so much more demanding than men. Muffy
knew that Otto had been a mere cakewalk when compared to what a tigress like
Mistress Elke would require of her.

	Mistress Elke sighed, patted Muffy on the head like a loyal dog and confirmed
her fears.

	"You're a little rusty, but don't worry, you'll get lots and lots of practise!"

	Mistress Elke got back to business. She handed Muffy a pair of black stockings
and six inch spike heels.

	"Let's get you dressed!"

	"Yes, Mistress Elke!"

	While Muffy strapped on the heels that would hobble her nicely, Mistress Elke
greased up the butt plug. She handed it to her new charge.

	"Bury it as deep as you can! You've seen what happens to girls who disappoint
me!"

	The memory of the screaming beauties in Mistress Elke's Snuff Show had been
burned into her mind forever. Muffy grunted as she wormed the thick butt plug
into her tight little heinie hole. A thick knobby dildo was next. Muffy was
red-faced by the time she had worked that monster in, stretching her fuck-hole
very wide indeed.

	"Snap on the nipple clamps and screw them as tight as possible!"

	Muffy's pretty face contorted as she obliged, tightening them brutally, knowing
that anything less was simply unacceptable. Mistress Elke handed her a thick
leather dog collar.
She buckled it on snugly. Mistress Elke was critical.

	"It looks a little loose. Tighten it up a notch or two."

	Muffy tightened it two notches to be on the safe side and discovered that she
could hardly breathe.

	"Rebekka?"

	"Yes. MIstress Elke?"

	"Fetch the rubber strap hanging on the wall!"

	"Oh, shit! My name's not Rebekka, it's Muffy because..."

	Mistress Elke's eyes flickered impatiently to the strap. She interrupted
briskly.

	"I'm waiting!"

	Muffy scrambled to obey, nervously handing over the thick rubber strap.
Mistress elke instruced her charge brusquely.

	"I expect instant obedience, Muffy. Bend over and touch your toes. After each
stroke I expect you to thank me, tell me what you'll do in the future to avoid
repeating your mistake and to beg me for the next stroke."

	Muffy bent over, her bare bum temptingly positioned. She yelped as the strap
kissed her ass leaving a thick red welt.

	"Thank you, Mistress Elke. I'll always remember that my name is Muffy. It was
stupid of me to forget! May I have another stroke, please, Mistress Elke?"

	Administering discipline always made her feel warm and fuzzy all over. Mistress
Elke addressed her charge in a warm, friendly tone.

	"How many strokes do you think that you deserve, Muffy?"

	Muffy looked into Mistress Elke's eyes and realized that there was only one
acceptable answer.

	"Lots more, Mistress Elke!"

	Mistress Elke positively radiated friendliness now.

	"Perhaps you'd care to offer some services to atone in lieu of so many
strokes?"

	Mistress Elke was enchanted at the range of services Muffy was prepared to
offer in return for a minimum of strokes. The Physical Education Mistress had
taught her well. Mistress Elke sparkled. Lovely Muffy was going to be one fun
piece of nookie.

	"Well, let's get it over with then!"

	The next few minutes were occupied with the crisp smack of the snappy rubber
strap on quivering bare buttocks, Muffy's yelp as a fresh red welt blossomed on
her lily white ass, followed by Muffy bawling out her eagerness to please.

	"Thank you, Mistress Elke! My name's Muffy. I'm certainly a dumb cunt for
forgetting that! May I have another stroke, please, Mistress Elke?"

	Eventually, they worked through this delightful exercise together and Muffy's
milky white ass had been shellacked to a bright, bright red.

	"Hands behind your back!"

	Her arms were fitted together into a long leather sleeve. Laced tight, it glued
her forearms together behind her.

	"Open wide!"

	Muffy opened. All possibility of protest or negotiation or forgetting her name
was removed as the ball gag was buckled in place. There was no choice except
blind obedience now. The crotch harness was buckled up and pulled tight between
her legs, holding the two dildoes firmly in place.

	Mistress Elke snapped on the leash and led her off to inspect the latest
shipment of caged muff, a bevy of lovely, young actresses whose 'jewish origins'
had been uncovered by her eager henchmen.

	A leather bitch's work is never done.


	Chapter 17 - The Whipping Trough

	Heidi loved the steel whipping troughs. She fastened the hysterically babbling
beauty's wrist and ankle cuffs and made sure that she was stretched tightly in
the heavy steel trough. Tightly stretched skin splits open very nicely indeed
with each slice of the whip.

	Nazi torturers pioneered the use of benzedrine on victims. It keeps them from
fainting. It makes them exquisitely sensitive and very aware. As an added
benefit, this wonder drug makes them deeply fearful and wonderfully paranoid.
Nurse Heidi had fed her subject a generous helping of 'bennies'. The woman was
sweating and trembling and babbling frantically. Heidi listened briefly.
Although talking a mile a minute, the trembling beauty was apparently so deep in
the fear locker that she couldn't put a coherent thought together. She spouted a
frenzied vomit of words, a terrified spewing of hysteria. Nurse Heidi looked at
the clipboard to confirm her victim's identity.

	"Marta!"

	The hysterical beauty ceased her babble briefly. It was the first time any of
her captors had used her name. The rest had merely referred to her by the number
tattooed on her arm. Since she had been seized, taken to the camp, stripped
naked, shaved bald and had her pubic hair razored away, her life had been one
continuous nightmare. Marta looked up in confusion, sweat dripping from her
anxious, twitching face. She answered querulously, like an old, deeply troubled
woman.

	"Y-yes?"

	"Your husband and his lovely secretary send their greetings! The secretary,
apparently known to you as 'that bitch', says that she's really, truly sorry,
but once she had discovered that you were a pure-blooded gypsy, felt that she
had no choice but to inform the authorities. She knows that you will suffer
horribly, but it is her duty as a good German to keep the race pure. She assures
you that the opportunity to fuck your husband's brains out in your absence
formed no part of her motivation."

	Nurse Heidi gave her a friendly smile and waved aside lovely Marta's frantic
protestations that she was innocent of any gypsy blood.

	"Don't bother. A lot of you gypsies are deeply in denial. Nobody pays any
attention to what you say. Once you're here, you're just a piece of meat to be
processed. By the way, your husband, apparently known to you as 'that bastard',
sends his best wishes and urges you to accept your agonizing fate with dignity
and decorum."

	Nurse Heidi ran her hand along her victim's sweat-soaked, trembling thigh and
wormed her fingers into Marta's tight, dry fuckhole, slowly, painfully working
her entire fist into Marta's cunt. She twisted her fist and wiggled her fingers
playfully deep inside while her victim shreiked and resumed her hysterical
babble. Dignity and decorum weren't really options for poor Marta.

	"Wow! Life's just not fair, Marta! They're apparently fucking like minks while
you're making your patriotic, but excruciatingly painful, contribution to Nazi
science! The whip that's going to be used on you is long to give it lots of
snap, thin so that it slices deep and soaked in brine so that each stroke really
burns. Enjoy!"

	She withdrew her fist and stepped back. The whipmaster, a massive brute,
stripped to the waist, removed the whip from it's bucket of brine and lovingly
uncoiled it.

	A loud crack, combining with the sound of tearing parchment as tightly
stretched skin split open, melding into a piercing scream, signalled the first
stroke. The long whip sliced Marta diagonally the full length of her back, from
right shoulder to left buttock. The whipmaster paused, to allow shreiking,
gibbering Marta an opportunity to really savour the afterburn.

	A good German believer in order and symmetry, the whipmaster made sure that the
next stroke made an X with the first stroke, opening poor, shreiking Marta up
from the left shoulder to the right buttock. Another pause, again to allow Marta
to fully savour the experience, established the slow deliberate pacing that was
the whipmaster's hallmark.

	A criss-cross pattern really opens up a woman's back. With true teutonic
thoroughness, the whipmaster spent the next strokes meticulously carving
diamonds of flesh in the back of his shuddering, frantically screeching victim.
Each vicious stroke threw up a red mist of blood and elicited a shrill,
blood-curdling shreik as it ate deeply into sensitive female flesh. The metallic
smell and coppery taste of blood filled the air.

	Marta, her bare breasts crushed against the chilly metal of the trough, emitted
scream after scream. The cold metal was unyielding, forcing the victim to absorb
the full force of each deep, powerful stroke.

	The whipmaster, always eager to tweak up his victim's performance, rinsed the
whip in the bucket of brine and stepped back a couple of paces. Two delicate
strokes opened up the cringing soles of her feet. The whipmaster was pleased to
note a higher pitch to Marta's screams as he sliced open her legs from buttock
to calf.

	A true fan of Wagnerian opera, the whipmaster loved encouraging a soprano to go
for the high notes. He rinsed the whip in brine once more, took two paces
forward and was gratified by the results as he sliced Marta open from her
exposed armpit, along the sensitive side of her belly to the dimple in her bun.
Lovely Marta was really projecting from the diaphragm, demonstrating awesome,
full-throated vocal skills, as he sliced open the other side.

	The whipmaster, with a true artist's instinct, knew that it was time for the
piece de resistance. He went to the other end of the trough. With a deceptively
lazy-looking flick, the thin whip uncoiled like a striking cobra. It ran along
the crack of her ass, curled between her cuntlips and kissed her clit, opening
it all up in a crimson spray of blood. Emitting an inhumanly high shreik, Marta
passed out.

	With a grunt of satisfaction, the whipmaster nodded to Heidi. Heidi snapped on
a pair of rubber gloves and skillfully revived poor, blubbering Marta. The
benzedrine made it easy as poor Marta couldn't stay out for very long with so
much of the drug pounding through her arteries, hyping her awareness,
sensitivity and fear sky high.

	Nurse Heidi dipped her gloved hands in the well salted mixture of human
exrement and urine. She began working it into Marta's wounds. Heidi clucked
disapprovingly as poor Marta sobbed and shreiked dementedly.

	"Oh, don't be a big baby! You're helping us to study some of the nastiest
infections a human being can experience. You should be proud!"


	Chapter 18 - Dear Heidi

	Heidi was always happy to help out a friend in need with some advice and a
helping hand. Her friend, Suzanne, had some particularly knotty problems to
solve. Heidi, the Ann Landers of the SS, picked up the phone and dialed up the
ever-delightful Suzanne, sexpot extraordinaire.

 	"Your buddy, Marta, is blubbering away quite nicely. You look into her eyes
and you know that there's not a lot left alive in there.  Of course, the poor
dear is under a lot of stress, but she doesn't seem to handle it well at all!
She babbles continuously, but makes no sense whatsoever!"

	Heidi listened a moment and laughed lightly.

	"You say that she never made much sense! Well, then there's been no change!"

	The girls tittered merrily for a few moments.

	"Well, so far, she's been stripped naked, shaved bald, whipped hard on really
sensitive parts of the female anatomy and salted shit's been worked into the
wounds. Other than that, she's just fine!"

	The girls had a real good gigglesnort over that. Heidi and Suzanne saw eye to
eye on the proper way to treat the competition. Heidi had a helpful tip for
Suzanne.

	"Make sure that her husband treats you right! If loverboy pisses you off, I can
arrange to cut his nuts off and skin his penis. And that's just for starters!
Try and find a tactful way of letting him know this little factoid. If your
Guide To Etiquette doesn't cover it, you'll just have to improvise!"

	After they both had a bit of a giggle, Heidi remembered that she had a bit of
good news to relay about the enterprising husband's sarcastic ex-girlfirend.
 
	"Oh, by the way, Ilsa's going to take care of that bitch, Nicole, for you. Ilsa
says that the financial advice you gave her was rock solid. Keeping hold of
wartime booty is always interesting, but she thinks that you wrote the book on
it and is really grateful! We girls have to stick together! She guarantees that
Nicole, the Wicked Bitch of the West, will never know what hit her!"

	The pleasantries done with, they got down to the serious topic of what to wear
to the dance on Saturday.


	Chapter 19 - Nicole

	The SS guards shoved a protesting Nicole into the examination room. Nicole
glared ominously at Doctor Bernhard and Nurse Ilsa.

	"Why am I here? There's been a mistake and someone's going to pay!"

	Dr. Bernhard took a pencil from his clipboard, his eyes huge behind thick
lenses.

	"First, I want to ask you some questions about your medical history: childhood
diseases, that sort of thing."

	Totally exasperated, Nicole stared hard at the bald, pencilneck geek with the
thick glasses. He was exactly the sort of obnoxious little wiener she took pride
in stomping flat and this was bureaucratic stupidity beyond belief. She fixed
him with the steely gaze that had won her the title of Wicked Bitch Of The West.

	"Look, four-eyes, I'm not answering any of your questions until you answer
mine! What am I doing here? Why was I grabbed off the street by those soldiers?
It's an outrage! I've done nothing!"

	Unflustered and with the deadly calm of one who has the true whip hand, Doctor
Bernhard was stern.

	"I want your medical history. If you fail to co-operate, I'll assume you have
something to hide and turn you over to the Gestapo. Do you have to be tortured
to reveal your medical history? Don't be stupid, woman!"

	Nicole's eyes bulged. As a French citizen, she dreaded the hated Gestapo and
their brutal methods, but she had done nothing. Nicole perservered, determined
to find out what this was all about.

	"The Gestapo! Why? I've done nothing wrong! I have nothing to hide!"

	"If you have nothing to hide, then answering a few questions about your medical
history shouldn't be a problem. Have you ever had measles?"

	Nicole looked at him uneasily.

	"OK! OK! I'll answer your stupid questions about my medical history but, after
that, you have to tell me what this is all about."

	The Doctor looked at her impatiently. He obviously disliked having to repeat
himself.

	"Have you ever had measles?"

	Not certain that she had gotten agreement, unnerved by her rough handling by
the Nazi soldiers, worried about the threat of the Gestapo, unable to understand
what was happening to her or what the point of it all was, Nicole answered his
questions. Yes, she had experienced the normal childhood diseases, no allergies,
nothing currently wrong, blah blah blah. So far as she knew she was in fine
health. Doctor Bernhard noted it all down.

	"Thank you, now we move to the physical exam. Take off your clothes and lie on
the table, please."

	Nicole's jaw dropped.

	"What! I'm not sick! Why are you examining me?"

	Doctor Bernhard looked impatient.

	"Why are you so stupidly obstinate? Do I have to call the soldiers in and have
them rip the clothes from your body? They won't be gentle, I guarantee!"

	Nicole licked her lips nervously and glanced apprehensively at the door. She
had experienced enough of the soldiers. With an obvious effort, she adopted a
conciliatory tone.

	"Uh, that won't be necessary. I just don't understand what's happening. Why do
I have to be examined?"

	Doctor Bernhard addressed Nurse Ilsa in a tone of intense irritation.

	"Fetch the soldiers! My time is valuable and she's not co-operating!"

	Ilsa made a move towards the door. Panic-stricken, Nicole started to remove her
jacket.

	"No! No! Please! Look, I'm co-operating."

	Doctor Bernhard nodded curtly, his eyes gleaming. He loved this stuff. He spoke
gruffly.

	"Very well! Hand your clothing to the Nurse as you remove it."

	Nicole handed Ilsa the jacket and stepped out of her high heels. Ilsa put her
jacket in a bin marked 'Coats and Jackets'. She dropped the black high heels in
one marked 'Shoes'. Nicole didn't like the look of this at all.

	"Do I get my clothing back, afterwards?"

	Ominously, there was no reply. Nicole's fear level skyrocketted. Dr. Bernhard
sighed impatiently. Nicole's pretty little fingers started trembling badly. She
began having a lot of trouble undoing her buttons.

	"Nurse, help her. We haven't got all day!"

	Sly-eyed Ilsa stepped up to her. Insolently, like one dealing with a
particularly retarded child, she unbuttoned Nicole's cuffs and the front of her
fine silk blouse. She untucked the blouse and helped Nicole off with it. She
dropped it in the bin labelled ' Blouses'.

	"Hold still while I unhook your bra!"

	Ilsa helped Nicole uncup her heavy breasts. A true frenchwoman, Nicole made no
move to cover up. The pupils of Dr. Bernhard's grotesquely magnified eyes
dilated as they drank in her large brown nipples. The bra went in the bin marked
'Underwear'.

	Ilsa eyed Nicole's big breasts with the supercilious smirk of someone who has
seen better. It couldn't get much better really but, on the other hand, Ilsa had
humbled some of the primest meat in The Third Reich. She unbuttoned and unzipped
Nicole's skirt and dropped it in the 'Dress' bin. Coldly sarcastic, Ilsa spoke
witheringly to her hapless victim.

	"Do you need help with your stockings and panties too?"

	Gratifyingly, Nicole's voice had a noticeable quaver in it as she replied.

	"Uh, no, it's all right. I can do that."

	She peeled off her fine silk stockings, a present from one of her male
admirers, and watched as they were dropped in the appropriate bin. Blushing
furiously and staring in shame at the floor, she failed to noticed Dr.
Bernhard's eyes bulge excitedly as she took an enchantingly deep breath, hooked
her thumbs in the waistband, pulled her panties down her shapely legs and
daintily stepped out of them.

	Sly-eyed Ilsa inspected the panties. There were faint skid marks. She held them
open for the Doctor to inspect carefully while Nicole stood, stark naked,
totally humiliated. Doctor Bernhard looked at her sharply.

	"Do you have diarhhea?"

	Completely crushed, Nicole replied in a very small voice,

	"No."

	Ilsa looked at her contemptuously.

	"Looks like she's just a bit careless in wiping her bum, Doctor!"

	Nicole blushed beet-red as Ilsa, holding the offending panties between two
pinched fingers with an expression of extreme distate, dropped them in a bin
marked 'medical waste'.

	"Lie on your back on the table."

	Thoroughly cowed, blushing furiously, Nicole hopped up on the table and lay on
her back. Sly-eyed Ilsa, who liked a hands-on approach to handling the meat,
squeezed Nicole's small bicep with one hand and rested the other on Nicole's
forehead, holding her lightly in place on the gleaming stainless steel table
while Doctor Bernhard gave her one of his celebrated head to toe inspections.

	He peered between her toes. He scraped a sharp implement over the soles of her
feet to 'test her reflexes' . Ilsa gentled Nicole down continuously while Doctor
Bernhard put her through the most thorough and excruciatingly intimate
examination that lovely Nicole had ever experienced. He left no part of her
yummy bare bod unfingered and ungroped. Ilsa was insolently condescending to her
hard-breathing charge.

	"Just be calm! It's only an examination!"

	Dr. Bernhard had a good time with the buxom beauty who had called him
'four-eyes'. He worked her slim ankles. He squeezed her calf muscles painfully
hard. He pulled her knees up and flexed them in and out. He squeezed and
palpated her naked thighs. He ran a fine steel comb through her tightly curled
pubic hair, searching for lice and crabs. He ran his hands over her smooth bare
belly and tapped each rib lightly with a small hammer. Her arms and fingers were
scrutinized carefully, fingered and squeezed. Nicole's slim arms were raised and
her armpits palpated carefully.
	
	The head was next. Blindingly bright lights were flashed suddenly into her
eyes. Ilsa cupped Nicole's pretty face in a strong grip, moving it from side to
side as instruments were inserted in her ears and up her quivering nostrils. Her
mouth was opened. Pretty Nicole shuddered as he picked and scraped at her teeth
with a dental pick. Nicole choked as the back of her throat was scraped. After
that a large strip of cloth was jammed in, packed tightly and then withdrawn.
Nicole, eyes watering, gagged and coughed hard.

	The breast examination was a model of teutonic thoroughness. Each was hefted
and kneaded. He pinched and pulled her nipples painfully hard. Ilsa adopted an
exasperated, impatient tone, urging Nicole to remain calm, neatly implying that
she was being over-sensitive about being groped, fondled, squeezed and pinched
by total strangers.

	"Sit!"

	Nicole sat up, slim athletic legs dangling over the side. In front on her, Ilsa
held her wrists while, behind her, Doctor Bernhard's strong hands ran down her
spine, feeling each vertebrae individually. Her big bare breasts quivered as the
Doctor's carefully chilled stethoscope was applied to various parts of her back
and she was encouraged to cough.

	After that, it was onto her back with her legs spread. This was the part that
Doctor Bernhard really loved. He snapped on a pair of surgical gloves and his
wonderfully invasive fingers went to work, burrowing deep between her legs like
rabid weasels. Nicole bit her lip and gasped as he probed deeply and at length.
After a long, deep-delving examination, Doctor Bernhard picked up the speculum,
inserted it vaginally and spread her cunt achingly wide. He plumbed the depths
of her stretched-open orifice using a long tenaculum, a slender rod with a pair
of steel pincers at the end. Nicole whimpered and gasped as the tenaculum
squeezed and pinched brutally, deep inside her most intimate cavity. Lovely
Nicole was slick with sweat and panting hard by the time he finished.

	Nicole was rolled over onto her tummy so she could discover just how
wonderfully invasive an anal examination could be. The probing fingers were
followed by a thick greased rod with a big knob on the end that delved very
deeply indeed. When that was done, the sobbing woman was rolled over onto her
back.

	At first, poor, blubbering Nicole wasn't aware as her ankles were shackled to
the foot of the table. When her arms were raised over her head and cuffed to the
head of the table, she roused herself from her numb shock. Her voice quavered
like an old lady's.

	"What are you doing? I'm co-operating! You don't have to tie me down!"

	Curtly, Ilsa told her to relax. Nicole's mouth was opened. One end of a large
metal pipe was wedged between her front teeth. A strap fastened to the pipe was
buckled behind Nicole's head to hold it in place. Ilsa picked up a bottle with a
label: "warning! bonds instantly to skin!" She applied the special industrial
strength glue to the outside of the pipe and pressed Nicole's pouty lips to it.
Nicole, to her deep dismay, found that the warning on the industrial glue bottle
was one hundred percent correct. Ilsa worked carefully to seal Nicole's lips to
the pipe all around.

	The sly-eyed Nurse pressed a button. An electric motor hummed. Under the small
of Nicole's back, a metal bar set into the table began pressing insistently
upwards. Nicole squealed frantically in alarm as, her wrists and ankles pinned
to either end of the table, she was forced to arch upwards. When she was
stretched tautly over the bar, performing a painful back arch with her big
breasts almost pulled flat, Ilsa released the button. The motor stopped humming.
Tightly stretched Nicole, although having a bit of trouble breathing, moaned in
fear. Ilsa was cheerfully reassuring, deliberately using the wrong name.

	"It's OK, Eva, nothing to worry about!"

	Nicole's eyes bulged. All those questions and they had never once asked her
name! Her mouth full of pipe, lovely Nicole tried frantically to communicate.
Doctor Bernhard, falling in with this delightful inspiration, pushed things
right along.

	"Yes, Eva, just relax, you're in competent hands!"

	Competent hands that couldn't even get her name right! Nicole squealed
frantically into the pipe, but it all came out as gibberish. Ilsa squeezed a
drop of the industrial glue into each of Nicoles nostrils and squeezed them
shut. Nicole was now breathing hard through the pipe. Sly-eyed Ilsa gave her a
quick pep talk.

	"You should be deeply gratified to be allowed to help our brave sailors at sea
in these difficult times. I know you jew-girls are reluctant to make your
contribution to medical science, but what else are you good for?"

	Nicole tried hard to communicate her complete lack of jewishness, but Ilsa just
laughed and slapped her affectionately on the rump .

	"Relax, Eva Steinberg. Nothing you can do about it, so you might as well enjoy
it!"

	Nicole's sweat glands were working overtime. Ilsa smirked and inhaled deeply,
savouring the tangy aroma of fear. She adopted a more serious tone for her
frantic-eyed victim.

	"OK, Eva, this is going to hurt just a tiny little bit. We have to insert some
monitoring equipment. It will hurt a lot if you resist, so just relax
completely."

	Stripped naked, stretched painfully over a hard metal bar, her lips glued
permanently to a metal pipe, nostrils glued shut, and convinced that, as a
victim of mistaken identity, she was now a medical guinea pig, poor Nicole found
relaxing just a tad difficult.

	As a result, the fat knobby rod jammed as deep as possible up her cunt and the
raspy rod rammed up her ass made her squeal like a boiled lobster. She flushed
brick-red right down to her pubic hair. It didn't feel like any monitoring
equipment Nicole had ever heard of and she wondered just what it was supposed to
monitor, but she wasn't exactly in a position to argue or make inquiries.

	Doctor Bernhard slipped the catheter up her pisser and pumped her bladder full
of a powerful chemical irritant. He withdrew the slim tube and screwed a metal
plug into Nicole's burning piss hole to hold it all in. Nicole was blubbering
hysterically as he squeezed her bare bum affectionately.

	"OK, Eva! Now comes the hard part!"

	He looked over at Ilsa and gave her a wink.

	"Do you think she's ready to help the sailors at sea, nurse?"

	Ilsa smirked slyly.

	"Ready as she'll ever be!"

	The pipe from her mouth was put in a clamp to hold it in place and Dr. Bernhard
poured in the brackish seawater, scooped from the scummiest spot in the harbour.
He and Ilsa were both encouraging.

	"Until you swallow it, you won't be able to breathe, Eva."

	"I know it tastes horrible, but just gulp it down and get it over with, Eva."

	Dr. Bernhard rested a clammy palm on Nicole's taut belly, just above the pubic
hair line. He could feel Nicole's tummy swell as she reluctantly choked it down.
He smiled at his red-faced guinea pig.

	"Feels like there's room for a bit more."

	Obligingly, he poured in more and kept going until Nicole's little tummy was
full to bursting. He looked solemnly at Nicole as he picked up a shotglass of
seawater.

	"See, Eva! No problem! It's just like swallowing your boyfriend's sperm! At
last, we're ready to start the experiment! With your stomach full, it's now
possible for you to drown in a very small amount of seawater."

	He poured the shotglass of seawater down the pipe.

	"Bottoms up!"

	Nicole's eyes bulged. Fists tightly clenched and toes splayed wide, Nicole
tried frantically to swallow the scummy seawater. To her complete horror, her
stomach rebelled and she threw up into the pipe. Nicole began to drown in her
own vomit.

	Doctor Bernhard ran his hands over her lithe, trembling nudity, savouring every
quiver and quake while lovely Nicole choked hard. At last, she passed out.

	Ilsa lowered her back down to the table and skilfully revived her. Nicole's
eyes fluttered open. She felt the bar in her back moving, forcing her to arch
upwards once more. Behind his thick glasses, Doctor Bernhard's grotesquely
magnified eye winked at Ilsa.

	"That was fun! Let's do it again!"

	Nicole gibbered in horror as he loaded the pipe with seawater and encouraged
her to gulp it down and fill her tummy once more.

	Ilsa and the Doctor looked at the expression on Nicole's pretty face as she
gulped down the salty scum and smiled gently at each other.

	Moments like this made all the years of hard work and study to become a medical
professional worthwhile.
		
	           

	Chapter 20 - Payback Buddy Ursula

	The screamfest started bright and early in the Nazi Medical Experimentation
Unit (Women's Studies Division). Captain Steiner's enchanting girlfriend, Nurse
Heidi, crept silently into Ursula's cell, followed by her two tiptoeing helpers.
Poor Ursula snoozed unaware, utterly exhausted, totally fucked over and
completely raped out. Ursula had been too tired to put her pants back on after
her 'good-night' gang bang and, to give her burning cunt a much needed airing,
was sleeping with her legs delightfully spread. Heidi held the mushroom shaped
electode an inch from Ursula's cuntlips and pressed the button.

	A firestorm of tiny lightning bolts erupted from the mushroom head and peppered
Ursula's swollen cuntlips. With a startled yelp, Ursula catapulted from the bed,
both hands clamped over her crotch, landing face first on the floor.

	Heidi's two grinning buddies picked Ursula up, sandwiched her between them and
opened her holes with their monster members. Ursula was one of Nurse Heidi's
Payback Buddies, someone who had done Heidi dirt. Ursula had always been very
careful about who she granted access to her delectable young body. Her sex life,
until she had come under Heidi's loving care, had been an exercise in upward
mobility. Totally into payback, Heidi watched the stuck up bitch squashed
between the two over-endowed rapists, getting peckersnot pounded into her aching
orifices. Heidi had been arranging gang-bangs for lovely Ursula since ever her
arrival so that, now, sex for Ursula was an exercise in downward mobility. Heidi
made sure that the exercise was strenuous.

	When the entertainment was over, Heidi slammed down the breakfast tray
impatiently.	It was time for lovely Ursula to stop spreading her shapely legs
for teams of drooling perverts. The moment had come for her to stop having
'fun', get serious and make a contribution to Nazi Medical Science.

	"Ursula! Hurry up and eat! The Luftewaffe wants you to contribute to air
safety!"

	Nurse Heidi's pet labrat didn't want to know about the Luftewaffe. That was
just more bad news coming down the pipe. Heidi had been the goat at school for
her and the others to torment mercilessly. Now that the tables were turned,
Heidi was the bad news channel, news from the burning pits of hell. Ursula
turned to the food.

	Her new, physically strenuous lifestyle made her ravenous. Being everybody's
rape doll and beat me bitch had ruined Ursula's hitherto fastidious table
manners. She wolfed down the meal like a starving pig. When she was done, she
tried to make a little conversation to delay whatever shitfucking was next.

	"Why do you feed us so well? The only thing that was a bit off was the corn."

	Heidi laughed delightedly.

	"You didn't like the corn? Did it taste bitter? A bit harsh, perhaps?"

	Her eyes twinkled wickedly.
 	
	"You know how corn goes through your system and comes out looking the same?"

	Ursula looked at the sole remaining spoonful of corn on her plate.  She paled
and looked up into Heidi's gleaming eyes.

	Her stomach roiled and she puked hard.

	Heidi slapped her knees and chuckled, then she got back to business.

	"OK! It's time to quit fucking around and get to work, Ursula! At last, you're
going to be doing something useful, helping out airmen who bail out at high
altitude."

	A short time later, lovely Ursula was in the decompression chamber. She was
topless so that the Doctors could observe her breathing through the thick glass
window at the front of the chamber. The effect of high altitude was simulated by
slowly withdrawing the air from the vacuum chamber. Her wrists were clamped to
the wall behind her so that she faced forward and would give a good jiggleshow
as the air was slowly pumped out.

	They began to lower the air pressure. Ursula began panting hard. Her naked
chest glistened with sweat, ruby nipples erect with fear.  Her burning lungs
screamed for oxygen. No matter how hard, how fast and how deep she sucked, it
was not enough. Her big bare breasts shuddered and juddered violently like twin
jello mountains in an earthquake.

	The oxygen continued to drain from the chamber. Her bloodshot eyes bulged.
Mouth open as wide as she could force it, Ursula shreiked and sobbed
frantically, desperately trying to free her hands so that she could claw her
gasping face and bursting lungs. Her pretty face contorted in a hideous rictus
of agony. Blood trickled from her nostrils as her blood pressure rocketted like
a V2 from the launchpad.  A growing stain at her crotch was duly noted by the
observers as she lost bladder control. The eagle-eyed experimenters soon had a
second observation.

	As she blacked out, the back of her pants sagged and turned brown.



	Chapter 21 - Payback Buddy Katrina

	Heidi's dress, tights and panties were folded neatly over a nearby chair. Lips
taped shut, stark naked, strapped down flat on her back on the stainless steel
table, Katrina's dripping face snuffled wetly between Heidi's tightly clenched
thighs. Tough, athletic Katrina was struggling hard as Heidi sat on her face.
Nose buried in Heidi's dripping cunt, her glistening nude body jerked
convulsively as she gasped and snorted, smothering in Heidi's love juices. Eyes
blissfully glazed, Heidi scrubbed her swollen cunt energetically against her
gasping victim's pretty face, giving her a good sniff of cunt juice and an
unwiped bum when she let her breathe at all.

	Wet and dripping, Heidi, in the fullness of time, dismounted. She addressed her
victim with perky enthusiasm. Katrina was another Payback Buddy reaping the
harvest.

	"Time to prep you for surgery, Katrina!"

	She looked at red-faced Katrina snorting in great gulps of air with affection.

	"It's going to be long and painful. No anaesthetic. But you're tough! You've a
high threshold of pain. You'll handle it!"

	Heidi used an electric razor, shearing Katrina like a sheep. She lathered up
the stubble on Katrina's head and shaved her smooth with a straight razor. She
plucked Katrina's eyebrows and eyelashes with a tweezer. Waggling her eyebrows
comically like Groucho Marx, she stropped the razor carefully to ensure an
exquisitely sharp blade. Katrina's eyes bulged as Heidi went to work between her
nicely spread legs, dry shaving, scraping pubic hairs from sensitive flesh
agonizingly until Katrina's pubes burned.

	She left Katrina, showered, put on fresh panties and a new uniform, and
returned. She worked carefully beside her panting victim, carefully laying out
each surgical tool after passing it in front of Katrina's wide open, fearful
eyes and thoughtfully explaining it's use in dissecting a screaming victim. She
peeled the tape from Katrina's lips just before Dr. Bernhard arrived with his
entourage. He liked to chat with his patients as he sliced them open. He smiled
beneficently down at her.

	"How's my little chameleon now? Ready to make your contribution to German
science?"

	Katrina's pretty face twitched.

	"What are you going to do?"

	"Since you look so much like a perfect specimen to anyone except a trained
Racial Inspector, we're going to examine this protective mimicry to see exactly
why you can't possibly be a member of the Master Race. First, I'm going to take
apart your breasts to find out how you mimic your superiors, to examine the
interior fakery in detail. I collect nipples, you know!"

	Katrina bucked violently against the straps. Dr. Bernhard wiped the lenses on
his thick glasses, watching the struggling beauty with delight. The short,
skinny, bald Doctor was working through a few issues himself. Katrina was
exactly the sort of haughty, snotty bitch who had spurned him repeatedly.

	"No. Please don't."

	Music to his ears. Dr. Berhard wrinkled his nostrils.

	"Whew! This bitch smells like a pig in heat!"

	Katrina begged as prettily as she knew how as Heidi selected a pair of scissors
from the neat row of surgical tools and handed it to the Doctor. She screamed as
he pinched a perfect rosebud nipple, pulled hard to stretch it away from her
heaving chest and snipped it off. Her eyes bulged and she screamed even higher
as he harvested her other nipple. The good Doctor reverently placed her nipples,
superb specimens indeed, on a white cloth.

	Heidi took back the scissors and handed Dr. Bernhard the large scalpel. He
carefully sliced a series of parallel lines down from where the teat had been to
the base of her mounds. When that was done, he handed the large scalpel back to
Heidi and set to work skinning Katrina's tits.

	As each strip of flesh was peeled back from Katrina's tits like bloody petals
opening on a rose, Katrina put in the sort of performance Dr. Bernhard loved.
Her bare buttocks clenched tight and her heels drummed a frantic tattoo. She
shreiked dementedly.

	Heidi handed him the small scalpel. He began to slice delicately, carefully
carving bloody gobbets of breast meat and dropping them in a stainless steel
container for disposal. When he was done, he stitched her up. He prided himself
on his neat work.

	"There! No one would even know that you ever had tits!"

	He spoke calmly as Katrina gibbered incoherently.

	"You'll be donating other parts on other days. Nurse Heidi can show you the
schedule."

	Heidi curtsied respectfully.

	"My pleasure, Doctor!"

	He held his nose.

	"She smells like a cathouse. She must masturbate obsessively!"

	Heidi was helpful.

	"Doctor, I believe that there's a surgical cure for that!"

	She reached between Katrina's legs and pulled the hood from her clitoris. Dr.
Bernhard nodded solemnly, a trained medical professional doing the work he
loved.

	"Of course, Nurse. You are quite correct."

	She handed him the scalpel. Katrina screamed higher than ever and fainted as he
delved between her legs and performed a quick cliterdectomy. He sliced off her
cuntlips to be sure that her days of selfish sexual pleasure were over forever.

	
	Chapter 22 - Payback Buddy Karla

	Karla thought that the scariest thing about Heidi was how completely normal she
looked, not like a movie villainess at all. She was clean, dressed neatly, had a
pleasant voice and a concerned manner. Her gentle eyes twinkled warmly as she
spoke.

	Dangling upside down, her ankles shackled to two wide-spread ringbolts set in
the ceiling and her wrists shackled to a ringbolt in the floor, Karla was the
last in a semi-circle of naked, upside down beauties waiting their turn to be
fried in the interests of science. Heidi was talking earnestly to a deeply
distressed and very pregnant young lovely. Heidi looked up and waved cheerfully.

	"Welcome to the burn ward, Karla!"

	Heidi did her Nurse Friendly impression as she chatted with the young
mother-to-be, earnestly discussing how having her bulging, bare belly burned
could affect her unborn child. Of course, the Nurse Friendly impression wasn't
perfect. A real Nurse Friendly probably wouldn't be worming two fingers into a
pregnant woman's cunt while smoothing cooking oil over her tightly stretched
tummy preparatory to frying her alive.

	The young beauty who was to have the soles of her feet, the backs of her knees
and her armpits burned seemed no happier, although Heidi chatted pleasantly
about how the cooking oil ensured that her flesh would continue to cook long
after the flame stopped, sealing the heat in, making the burn as deep and
agonizing as possible. Although physical contact is often re-assuring to a
patient, the oily fingers playfully plumbing her asshole didn't seem to calm
her.

	Heidi moved along and began talking warmly to the young beauty queen who was
going to have her pretty face burned beyond recognition. She wormed the fingers
of one hand into the poor girl's fuckhole while smearing cooking oil onto her
exquisite, tearful features with the other hand. The whimpering beauty sneezed
as some cooking oil trickled up her nose.

	"Gesundheit!"

	At last, she arrived at Karla. She squeezed Karla's buns affectionly.

	"It's the tits, crotch and bum for you, Karla."

	Heidi's wonderfully invasive fingers insinuated themselves into Karla's tight,
dry fuckhole while she worked cooking oil onto Karla's ample melons. Her rectum
was opened and oiled thoroughly while her firm young buttocks were oiled up for
a hienie roast. Being one of Heidi's Payback Buddies, Karla was special.

	"You're last, Karla. You get to watch all the others burn and listen to them
scream before it's your turn."

	Heidi sprayed lighter fluid over the pregnant woman's big bare belly and
ignited it. The big bellied beauty screamed until her vocal cords tore and,
after that, continued bellowing hoarsely, writhing frantically like one of the
damned roasting in the fiery pits of hell. The din was unbelievable as the
others shreiked in terror.

	Moving serenely, taking her time, Heidi sprayed the next one with lighter fluid
and torched her. Soles, armpits and backs of the knees sizzling in a bright blue
flame, the young beauty bucked and heaved, shreiking, writhing sinuously like a
demon doing a fire dance in the inferno.

	The beauty queen was jerking desperately as Heidi stepped up to her. Spittle
sprayed from her mouth as she babbled hysterically while Heidi gave her lovely
face generous squirts of lighter fluid. She screeched shrilly as Heidi touched
the flame to the fluid. The strong ropes holding her ankles thrummed as the
flames ate into her face. 

	Surrounded by the fiery damned shreiking maniacally, each engulfed in a roaring
sheath of flame, Karla felt the heat radiating from the others and smelt the
roasting flesh. As advertised, the cooking oil really made the meat sizzle.

	Overwhelmed by fear, Karla struggled, with a violence born of extreme
desperation, against her bonds. Watching her Payback Buddy jiggling and writhing
hysterically, Heidi smiled seraphically, a dark angel working the pits of hell.

	"It's time to scream, bitch."

	Karla shuddered as the cool lighter fluid flowed over her privates and was
squirted generously over her pendulous tits. Grinning hugely, Heidi loosened the
ropes holding her neighbor's wrists to the floor and swung the former beauty
queen. Her fiery face kissed Karla's crotch and lightly brushed her tits.
Instantly, Karla was shreiking, flame-engulfed meat. The stench of burning pubic
hair and the sizzle of cooking female flesh filled the air.

	In the centre of the circle, Heidi breathed deeply, savouring the aroma of
roasting meat, making a mental note to try some barbecue sauce next time,
surrounded by insanely shreiking, frantically writhing, fire-engulfed female
flesh, listening to the sizzle, soaking up the atmosphere, watching that witch
Karla scream and burn, loving everything.

	Life was sweet indeed.			


	TO BE CONTINUED!!!

	Address any comments or suggestions to Llabmik69@yahoo.com. I'll be happy to
hear from you!




Nazi Nurse - Part 3

by Llabmik

	Chapter 22 - Hitler's School For Girls

	Karin, a slim, dark haired beauty, whispered to the other bad girls.

	"It's time to break in the new girl. The prissy little snot thinks her
shit don't smell. Hanna's a real little smartypants who sucks up to the teachers
giving the correct answers in a look-at-me-I'm-a-perfect-goody-two-shoes voice.
She makes the rest of us look like lazy sluts."

	Britt was honest.

	"Well, actually, we ARE lazy sluts!"

	The bad girls had a real teenage gigglesnort over that. Karin resumed.

	"Well, us lazy sluts can easily bring overachieving Hanna down into the
toilet 'cause we're MEAN lazy sluts. Why work hard? All you have to do is fuck
up the competition! Let's give smartass Hanna the trauma handicap! It's hard to
be little Miss Perfect when you're being fucked over thoroughly whenever the
teachers aren't looking!"

	The gang of mean, lazy, schoolgirl sluts sniggered appreciatively as
Karin suggested the ambush. Britt came up with some delightfully nasty
refinements to the trauma handicap.

	It was quiet in the girl's washroom as Karin stealthily pushed on the
door and held it open for the rest as they snuck in on tiptoe. She silently
eased the door shut.

	Karin winked at Marisa as they crept up on the cubicle. They could see
Hanna's white cotton underpants down around her slim ankles as she perched on
the toilet. Karin put her hand over her mouth and mimed a snigger as the
creeping girls heard a grunt followed by the plop of a turd.

	Karin kicked open the door, knowing it had a weak catch. It swung back
hard, hitting Hanna a glancing blow in the head. Hanna, who had been bent
forward, red-faced and straining, sat back abruptly, stunned. Karin stood,
straddling Hanna as she sat on the toilet. Hanna gaped up at her
uncomprehendingly. Karin cupped the back of Hanna's head with  her left hand and
jerked her towards her, so that Hanna was was coming forward and leaning into it
as Karin punched her hard in the diaphragm.

	"Oomph!"

	Hanna grunted, gasping from the blow as Karin dropped onto her lap. Her
legs jerked up reflexively and Marisa yanked away Hanna's white cotton
underpants.

	The other girls pulled off Hanna's shoes and kneesocks, playing
basketball as they tossed them into the adjoining toilet bowl. They landed with
wet plops in the toilet water. Britt shamelessly squatted down and peed on top
of them. A naughty, nasty girl who seldom wore underwear, Britt loved the dirty
stuff.

	As Hanna gasped for breath, Karin horked a bit in the back of her
throat, cupped Hanna's gaping face in her hands to steady it and then spat a
thick plegmwad between Hanna's parted lips. It went straight to the back of
Hanna's throat. Hanna gagged as she sucked it into her windpipe, coughing and
choking helplessly.

	She was jerked to her feet, twisted around and forced to her knees in
the next cubicle, facing the toilet with her shoes and socks submerged in the
piss water. Hanna cried out as Britt pulled up her skirt and wormed a finger up
her asshole. She pulled it out, covered in brown and held it up to Hanna's face.

	"Drink from the toilet, Hanna or I'll stick this finger up your cunt and
you'll get a disgusting disease!"

	They forced Hanna's face into the toilet, her nose an inch from the
water. Britt supervised.

	"Lick it up like a dog, Hanna! Stick out your tongue and lick it or
you'll get shit deep in your cunt. Try explaining that to your parents and a
male doctor!"

	Crying hard, Hanna reluctantly stuck out her tongue and licked. She
shreiked hysterically as she felt a finger in her cunt. She jerked up
frantically in time to see a grinning Karin removing her finger. Britt and the
girls laughed.

	"Next time, it's for real!" 		 	Karin held Hanna's white
cotton underpants pinched between her fingers while Britt wiped her shitfinger
off in them. She dropped them into the toilet along with Hanna's turd and
flushed. Turd and underpants disappeared in a swirl of brown and yellow.

	"If you complain about this to anyone, I'll lift your skirt in the
hallway, so everyone can see your bare bum! Oh, especially, don't bother
complaining to the headmistress. She's my mom!"

	Marisa loved turning a winner into a loser.

	"Oh, and next time that you give a correct answer in class, you get
worse!"

	Britt grinned, amplifying on this key point.

	"I know! I know! Being forced to slurp up pissy toilet water is bad and
you're wondering what could be worse?"

	Britt squatted down, smirking evilly, black eyes gleaming wickedly. She
hissed the words straight into Hanna's dripping face.

	"Have you ever eaten a turd as it's coming out of someone's asshole,
Hanna? Have you ever licked menstrual blood from a bleeding slut's cunt? Have
you ever gone for a swim in a sewer filled with rats?"

	The other girls sniggered. Even for a bad girl, black haired Britt was
one mean teenage bitch.

	"One more right answer in class, smartypants, and we're taking you on a
picnic at the sewer works when I have my period! If you think I'm bad now, I'm
really nasty when the red tide rolls in!"

	They giggled wickedly and pranced out, leaving a sobbing Hanna to fish
her shoes and kneesocks out of the reeking yellow water.

	

	Chapter 23 - Nazi Therapy

	"Hanna, I can fix it! Trust me! I can make it right!"

	Hanna was teenage sceptical. She arched an eyebrow and folded her arms
across her chest defiantly.

	"Yeah? You don't even know what's really going on!"

	It was Nurse Heidi's turn to be sceptical. She arched an eyebrow and
mimicked Hanna's manner.

	"Bets?"

	Hanna giggled and then cried. Heidi cuddled her gently.

	"Are the other girls picking on you at school?"

	Hanna raised a tear-stained face, staring up in wonder at her favourite
aunt.

	"How did you know?"

	"I know all the symptoms! It happened to me when I was in school, the
same stupid school you attend. Is Romy still the headmistress?"

	Hanna nodded and told her everything. She turned her pretty face to her
understanding aunt.

	"What did you do about it?"

	"Well, it took me a few years, but..."

	Hanna's pretty face crumpled in dismay.

	"A few years!!"

	Heidi cupped Hanna's tearstained face affectionately.

	"...but, now that I know what to do, it'll only take a day to make your
problems vanish like smoke up a chimney! You've told me almost everything l need
to know. Just tell me their names and I'll fix their wagons forever!"

	Hanna's face fell despondently.

	"Karin, the leader, is headmistress Romy's daughter! Other people have
complained, but stupid old Romy does nothing!"

	She looked at her aunt Heidi hopelessly.

	"That makes it impossible, doesn't it?"

	The Nazi Nurse tousled her favourite niece's hair affectionately.

	"Actually, Hanna, you've just made my day!"

			

	Chapter 24 - Hostile Takeover

	The school secretary, a statuesque, blue-eyed beauty whose long blond
hair flowed down to her callipygous buttocks, stared wide-eyed as Captain
Steiner and his SS troupers swept into the outer office.

	"May I help you?"

	"We're here to see the headmistress. Is she in?"

	Helga nodded and picked up the phone to announce them. Captain Steiner's
massive mitt closed over her small hand. He jerked the headset from her dainty
fingers and jammed it back onto the cradle. He spoke firmly.

	"Your job is to make sure that we are not interrupted. Headmistress Romy
is taking a one-way trip to SS headquarters. If you allow anyone to interrupt us
or give us any trouble, you join her! Understand?"

	Helga swallowed and nodded quickly.

	"Absolutely! No interruptions! What did she do?"

	Captain Steiner stared hard at her. Helga gulped.

	"Right! It's none of my business!"

	Captain Steiner glanced down at the nameplate on Helga's desk.

	"Heinrich! Horst! Assist young Helga in seeing that we are not
disturbed."

	Heinrich and Horst eyed young Helga speculatively as Captain Steiner,
Hans, Otto and their lusty colleagues powered into Romy's office and slammed the
door shut behind them. Helga glanced up at Heinrich and Horst coyly, thinking
that they looked very dashing in their SS uniforms and gleaming jackboots. She
started as she heard the crashing sounds of a desktop being cleared for action
and headmistress Romy protesting indignantly.

	"Do you like soldiers, Helga?"

	Helga looked at Heinrich nervously. She did her very best to be
ingratiating as, from inside the office, Romy's outraged squawkings were stopped
abruptly by the crisp sound of a male fist on female flesh. This was followed by
the hard, staccato cracks of a haughty bitch being slapped into submission,
followed by small, pathetic sobs and whimpers.

	"I, uh, like soldiers a lot, Heinrich! You don't mind if I call you
Heinrich, do you?"

	"Not at all! Stand up, Helga. Let's get a good look at you!"

	Very anxious indeed, Helga remained frozen in place as the sound of
tearing clothing emerged from the inner office. Horst propped a chair against
the outside door so that he and Heinrich could enjoy some quality time with
young Helga undisturbed.

	"Helga! I told you to stand. Are you defying the SS?"

	"No, sir! I love the SS!"

	Helga quickly stood. Heinrich insolently hooked his finger in the V of
her blouse and under the strap that joined the two large cups of her bra. He
arrogantly pulled her towards him as the sharp gasps and desperate pleadings of
a stripped female having her naked tits squeezed and her exposed privates groped
while spread-eagled on a desktop emerged from the headmistress's office.

	"Do you understand the importance of full, eager-to-please
co-operation?"

	Helga nodded nervously as the shrill squeals of a once-proud
headmistress unwillingly opening her fuckhole to the first rock hard rapist
emerged from Romy's office. While he unbuttoned her blouse, Heinrich stared
searingly into Helga's scared-rabbit eyes.

	"Eager-to-please is important, Helga! We don't want you lying there like
a dead nun. We want action. Understand?"

	Helga nodded. She only had one teensy-weensy little question.

	"If I'm good enough, I have no problems with the SS. Right?"

	Heinrich grinned at Horst.

	"I think our little love-muffin understands perfectly! Let's see what
she has to offer a hard working soldier!"

	Heinrich and Horst helped Helga out of her blouse and bra while Romy's
desk squeaked rhythmically in the next room. Helga's big breasts, capped by
cherry red nipples, tumbling generously out of her bra cups, proved satisfactory
as Horst, standing behind her, reached around. He squeezed and fondled her twin
soft pillows enthusiastically. Helga, anxious to make a good impression, arched
her back, thrusting her boobs into his groping fingers, wriggling them
seductively in his grasp.

 	Heinrich, in front, slipped his tongue between her parted lips and
tested the quality of her tongue-work. Fortunately, Helga had spent some serious
time studying for this oral examination with several demanding ex-boyfriends.
She seemed to attract the demanding ones for some reason. Today was no
exception.

	She swapped spit with Heinrich, rubbing her erect nipples against his
chest while Horst pulled her skirt up and her panties down. Without losing
tongue contact, she stepped out of her panties and unzipped Heinrich. From
inside Romy's office emerged the sound of a raped female being flipped over,
followed by horrified, deeply shocked protests as invasive fingers greased a
virgin asshole for some hard-humping anal action.

	Helga's eyes opened wide as her smooth white buttocks were parted and
Horst's greased sausage smoothly parted her rectal ring. She grunted as Heinrich
dropped his drawers and his dripping member slipped between her barely
lubricated cuntlips. She retained the presence of mind to moan prettily and keep
up the tongue-work while her hands reached behind her and gripped Horst's
muscular thrusting buns. Helga had never been sandwiched before and it took a
few moments for her to find the correct rhythm but, since a lot was riding on
this, she soon found the way. Heinrich and Horst pumped enthusiastically while
Romy's desk began squeaking rhythmically once more. From the inner office there
emerged the gagging sound of a sodomised headmistress being fed a dripping dick
and encouraged to suck and lick. Headmistress indeed!

	Shortly afterwards, Heinrich and Horst both unloaded inside a sweating,
bouncing Helga. Helga wiped herself clean with some paper towels and got dressed
again.

	The threesome shared a leisurely cigarette in the outer office as they
listened to the sounds of a raped headmistress struggling to choke down a big
load of bull gravy while the desk continued to squeak rhythmically. Helga nodded
approvingly while she listened with her new found friends.

	"She has no control over the staff or the students! A poor leader! Her
daughter, Karin, is an undisciplined horror! She needed to be replaced anyway!"


	Chapter 25 - Discipline

	Karin and the others who had participated in Hanna's bathroom
humiliation waited, sitting in a row on the bench outside the office, anxiously
waiting to meet the new headmistress under Helga's reproving eye. Karin had been
shocked to find out during the morning announcements that her mother no longer
ran the place. She wondered anxiously what had happened. The new headmistress,
someone named Elke Einehorne apparently, had summoned the mischief makers
immediately after the morning announcements.

	An efficient secretary, Helga organised them on the bench.

	"Mistress Elke is seeing you first, Marisa, so you sit at this end.
Karin, you're last, so you sit on the opposite end."

	With true Germanic attention to detail, Helga arranged them in the order
in which they were to be summoned. The phone rang, Helga spoke briefly and
nodded at Marisa.

	"Go right in, Marisa."

	Marisa, a buxom beauty with her corn-yellow hair braided in pigtails,
got up nervously and entered the office. Headmistress Elke was a solidly built,
athletic woman who played tennis avidly in her spare time. She lasered a brisk,
no-nonsense stare at Marisa.

	"You've been a naughty girl, Marisa! That incident in the bathroom with
Hanna on Friday is completely unacceptable. Disgraceful behaviour for a young
lady! Unlike my predecessor, I believe that sparing the rod spoils the child.
Since you were not the ringleader, you only get 15 strokes of the cane."

	Marisa did her best to look innocent and outraged. It was a stretch for
the teenage slut, but it sometimes worked, especially with men.

	"Don't I get a chance to say something, to give my side of the story?"

	Like all Nazi perverts, Mistress Elke was not only happy to let a victim
dig her own grave, she insisted on it. She spoke softly, considerately, as if
ready to believe.

	"What is your side of the story, Marissa?"

	Marisa argued vehemently, seeking to turn the tables.

	"That Hanna is a lying little rat! She told you that we made her drink
toilet water and that we flushed away her panties. It's not true! She's lying to
get us in trouble because she's jealous of us! She seems nice but, deep down,
she's really vicious! You can't trust anything she says!"

	Marisa sniffed and tossed her head, thinking herself the very picture of
outraged innocence. Mistress Elke loved stupid teenagers.

	"How do you know exactly what you are accused of? In truth, Hanna told
me nothing at all! My source is quite different and, to me, much more reliable.
The accusation of toilet drinking and panty flushing is right though, so I ask
myself: how can you know what you are accused of with precision, unless you are
guilty? You don't know who your accuser is or what they said, yet you know the
precise offense you are accused of!"

	Marisa desperately searched for a winning lie.		

	"Uh, maybe Hanna told me what she was going to say!"

	Headmistress Elke was firm.

	"You weren't listening, child. Your accuser is not Hanna. I don't reveal
my sources. Perhaps it is one of your partners in crime, turned stoolpigeon. You
get ten extra strokes for lying to me. The cane is in the umbrella stand. Fetch
it."

	Marisa hesitated.

	"But, headmistress..."

	Elke cut her off brutally.

	"You get five more for not doing what you're told when you're told.
That's thirty strokes. Want to try for more?"

	Marisa quickly fetched the cane. It had a length, weight and snappiness
that didn't bode well for her tender young bottom. She handed it to Mistress
Elke.

	"Bend over the desk, Marisa. Pull up your skirt and pull down your
underpants."

	Marisa was shocked. A look at the headmistress told her that more
strokes awaited her if she didn't do as she was bid. She lifted her skirt and
bared her delectable bottom. She bent over the desk.

	"Bend your knees until your hips are snug against the edge of the desk.
Bend forward, spread your arms out and grip the sides of the desk. Put your face
on one side, touching the desk and looking towards me."

	Marissa touched her cheek to the cool, wooden surface of the desk and
shut her eyes. Mistress Elke was quick to correct her.

	"Keep your eyes open, Marissa, and look at me. After each stroke, you
say 'thank you, headmistress, may I have another?'"

	In the outer office, the crisp smack of the cane, followed by a yelp
from Marisa and a bawled out 'thank you, headmistress, may I have another?'
brought a look of stunned disbelief to the row of waiting schoolgirl bullies.
They squirmed uneasily on the bench. Helga spoke primly.

	"The wages of sin, ladies! The new headmistress demands the deepest
respect from her charges."

	At the end of her thirty strokes, Marisa's burning bum was criss-crossed
with thin red welts. Fond of raquet sports, Elke brought a tennis player's
authority to her canings, combined with a squash player's snappy wrist action.

	"Pull up your underpants and get down on your knees, Marisa."

	Marisa pulled up her white cotton underpants and dropped to her knees.
Elke cupped Marisa's tear-stained face in her hands.

	"We're not done here, Marisa."

	Marisa's pretty face crumpled in dismay.

	"We're not?"

	Elke was firm.

	"We're not done until I have a full confession from you with all the
details. I'll whip your ass until it's red with blood if I have to."

	Marisa, her eyes frantic with fear, caved in and confessed.

	"Excellent! You see how easy that was? Go out, send the next girl in.
Come back in three days, after school, for your next instalment of thirty
strokes."

	Marisa gulped.

	"Thirty strokes!"

	Elke smiled sweetly.

	"Yes, unless you want me to discuss your disgusting, immoral and highly
illegal behaviour with your parents and the authorities?"

	"No, ma'am!"

	Elke enjoyed watching Marisa's flushed face flinch and twitch as she
absorbed this news.

  	"Uh, how many 'instalments' are there, ma'am?"

	"They continue every three days until I am satisfied that you're a good
girl! Now, go back to class, do all your homework and study hard!"

	After Marisa, Elke broke each girl in turn to the crisp sound of the
cane on quivering bare teenage bums. Britt got extra for not having any
underpants to pull down.

	Britt had long raven-black hair that fell to her waist. Her small,
coal-black eyes set in a narrow foxy face possessed a smirky insolence.
Headmistress Elke really liked the cut of her jib. According to the other girls,
all the interesting ideas had been hers. An experienced educator, Elke realised
that Britt would have to spend some quality time as a bottom to achieve her full
potential. Being on the receiving end opened the mind to all sorts of
possibilities and nuances. She decided to undertake Britt's education herself.

	"Britt, by your own confession, you're a dirty little hussy! You've
earned extra! You report early, before school, each morning for an underwear
inspection. You come in here, shut the door, take off your panties and show them
to me. I expect crisp, clean, white cotton underwear. No skid marks! No yellow
stains! No menstrual blood! After that, you bend over and part your cheeks so
that I can see that you are wiping your rectum properly. Then you receive five
strokes on your bare bum, put on your underpants and leave for classes. Since
you're a very nasty little girl, there will be spot inspections during the day.
There are no strokes involved in the spot inspections, but there are fifty
additional strokes for any failure, either in cleanliness or in the absence of
any part of your school uniform, of which underwear is an integral part. If you
don't show up or try skipping, I will have you shipped to a work camp where you
will be ground pitilessly to ratshit! After that, your pathetic remains will be
placed in an oven and burned! I will not tolerate scum in my school!
Understand?"

	Britt swallowed hard and nodded.

	"Yes, ma'am!"

	At last, it was Karin's turn. Helga ushered her in.

	In no time, Elke had persuaded Karin to bare her bum and bend over the
desk. Her smooth, rounded, lily white buttcheeks quivered, shivering violently
with each burning kiss of the cane. An angry red welt blossomed beautifully on
her pale white skin with each vicious slash. Elke took her time, making sure
that Karin felt the full blossoming of the afterburn, the echo of pain that is
often equal to the original pain itself, before beginning the next stroke.

	"Kneel, Karin."

	Karin, snuffling brokenly, knelt.

	"You're probably wondering what happened to your mother."

	Elke picked up the phone.

	"Send the gentlemen in, Helga."

	Helga sighed regretfully as Heinrich took his hands out of her panties
and Horst quit squeezing her tits. Helga adjusted herself as the SS men entered
the inner office and Elke exitted it.

	The now familiar sounds signalling the beginning of a brisk desktop rape
emanated from the inner office as Karin was 'encouraged' to strip and show the
SS what she had to offer. In the outer office, Mistress Elke slipped her hand
inside Helga's panties and gave her firm young buttock a friendly squeeze. As
the rhythmic desktop whimpers of a beaten bitch being humped hard and fast
radiated from the inner office, Helga grinned lewdly and opened her mouth to
accept Mistress Elke's tongue, her nubile young body melting ecstatically into
that of the new headmistress.


	Chapter 26 - Motherly Love

	The Nazi scientists took their seats in the semi-circular amphitheater.
Each seat looked down on the central lab. On the centre stage, two heavy wooden
chairs were placed side by side, facing the audience. The seat, arms, legs and
back of each chair was wrapped in black electrician's tape. Black, studded
leather restraining straps dangled from each one. The only difference between
the two chairs was that one had a switch on the end of one arm and the other
didn't. Between the chairs, on the wall at the back of the stage, hung a large
clock with only a second hand and a minute hand. It was hung at eye-level for
someone occupying either chair. The scientific observers waited expectantly for
the experiment to begin.

	Nurse Heidi ushered Karin in. Although fully dressed in her blue school
blazer, white blouse, pleated grey skirt, navy blue kneesocks and sensible black
shoes buckled neatly in place, the teenager's pretty face had the pinched,
resentful look of the recently gang-raped. The scientific observers, with a true
Germanic attention to detail, duly wrote this down. They noted the schoolgirl's
slim, dark haired beauty, pert breasts, clear complexion and creamy white skin.
Nurse Heidi smiled encouragingly at the schoolgirl as she gestured expansively
at the rows of white coated scientists looking down at them.

	"Karin, these gentlemen are here to observe you as you help to expand
the horizons of science!"

	Karin looked up at them sullenly.

	"That's just great! Do I have to fuck them, too?"

	Nurse Heidi spoke reprovingly.

	"These are respectable scientists, Karin! Nothing like the SS brutes
that brought you here!"

	Karin was, quite rightly, sceptical.

	"Sure!"

	Nurse Heidi was deliberately crude.

	"There's no fucking required for this experiment, Karin."

	Nurse Heidi shrugged and spread her hands in mock helplessness, mugging
a bit for the audience.

	"Teenagers! They can only think of one thing!"

	The assembled observers laughed. She turned to the blushing schoolgirl
and explained gently.

	"It's just a simple psychology experiment, Karin!"

	Karin looked at the two heavy chairs nervously.

	"Uh, what do I have to do?"

	Nurse Heidi grinned.

	"Just take off your clothes and sit down in the chair with the switch at
the end of the arm."

	Karin looked at her mulishly and glanced resentfully at the assembled
observers.

	"What if I don't want to take off my clothes with everyone watching?"

	Nurse Heidi explained it simply.

	"You remember the soldiers that brought you here?"

	Karin's pretty face twitched.

	"What about them?"

	"We could have them in to help you remove your clothes. Here, I'll
summon them to assist!"

	Karin caved in instantly. She began removing her blazer.

	"OK! OK! I'll do it!"

	The observers scribbled in their notebooks as Nurse Heidi gave her pet
lab rat an encouraging verbal reward.

	"That's a good girl! Fold up your clothes as you remove them and put
them in the wooden box. After the blazer, take off your blouse."	

	Karin dutifully folded her blazer and put it in the box. She undid the
cuffs to her blouse, untucked it and unbuttoned it, revealing a clean white
cotton bra. She pulled her arms out of the sleeves, folded the blouse up neatly
and put it in the wooden box. She hesitated, uncertain what to remove next.
Nurse Heidi was brusque.

	"Off with the skirt, Karin."

	Karin unbuttoned the grey, pleated skirt and stepped out of it. She
looked very vulnerable indeed in white cotton panties, white bra, navy blue
kneesocks and her gleaming, black, buckle-on shoes as she folded up her skirt
and put it in the box on top of the blouse. Nurse Heidi coaxed her along.

	"The bra comes off next. Then the panties. You can keep the shoes and
socks on, Karin. The good news is that it's not necessary to strip completely
for this experiment!"

	Karin didn't seem very pleased at this bit of generosity. She silently
unhooked her bra, slipped her arm in underneath to cover her nipples and put the
bra in the box. With her free hand, she quickly peeled off her panties and
stepped out of them, keeping her knees together, trying hard not to give
everyone a flash of gash. She quickly dropped her panties in the box and clamped
her hand between her legs. She stood, in her kneesocks and black shoes, slightly
hunched over, one arm trying to hide her pert young breasts and the other hand
between her legs, cupping her cunt protectively. Dark curls of pubic hair peeped
out from around her palm. Nurse Heidi smiled and gave the observers a few
minutes to make notes on this classic tableau.

	When the observers had stopped scribbling, Nurse Heidi patted the seat
of the heavy wooden chair.

	"Sit here, Karin. Put your arms on the armrests while you're buckled in
place."

	Karin's delectable bare buttocks dimpled prettily as she shuffled shyly
over to the sinister black chair and parked her heinie on the seat, uneasily
facing the audience, naked thighs squeezed tightly together.

	"Put your arms on the armrests, Karin."

	With a visible effort of will, Karin uncupped her cunt and, carefully
keeping her knees pressed together, bared her pale pink nipples. She hesitantly
put her forearms on the armrests where they were instantly strapped down at
wrist and elbow by Nurse Heidi. A waist strap was cinched tightly over her
slender hips. A neck strap was snugged around her pale white throat and a
forehead strap was buckled in place, clamping her head firmly to the back of the
chair. Nurse Heidi gripped Karin's dainty ankles, spread them and buckled them
to the front legs of the big chair. The knee straps spread her thighs wide,
exposing her tight young slit completely as her knees were strapped to either
side of the chair. Karin cried out in surprise as the back of the seat dropped
back to a 45 degree slant, so that she was laying back with her legs spread,
showing everyone her tight quivering quim, it's lips still slightly puckered
from recent exertions. Nurse Heidi inspected her work, checking the straps,
making sure that Karin was hugged tightly in the chair's obscene embrace.

	"Karin?"

	Karin licked her lips nervously, breathing deeply, trying desperately to
calm herself, as she stared up at Heidi.

	"Yes, ma'am?"

	Like many victims before her, sucking up to the person in control
suddenly seemed like an excellent idea.

	"There's a switch by your right hand. Can you flick it on and off?"

	Karin stared at the switch, wondering what it did.

	"I think I can!"

	Nurse Heidi laughed indulgently.

	"Karin, you have to actually try turning it on and off to be sure."

	"Um, what does it do, ma'am?"

	"Nothing right now, but when we get to the experiment, it's important
that you be able to flick it on and off. Your life may depend on it! It's a
safety feature."

	Karin tried it and was easily able to turn the well positioned switch on
and off. Nothing happened when she did so.

	"I can do it, ma'am!"

	"Excellent!"

	"I guess you're wondering who the other chair is for?"

	Karin eyed the sinister black chair next to her.

	"Who's it for?"

	A red-haired beauty in her thirties was ushered on to the stage of the
amphitheatre.

	"Mom!"

	Romy stared in horror at her naked teenage daughter strapped into the
sinister black chair, lewdly exposed. Nurse Heidi welcomed her to the
experiment.

	"Romy! You were the headmistress of the school I went to! Not much
discipline and lots of bullying. You'll find that the discipline is a lot
stricter here!"

	Romy's lip curled disdainfully. Like her daughter, being raped over by
teams of horny perverts had done nothing for her manners.

	"Heidi! You always were a turd!"

	Heidi shook her head in amazement while the observers' pens scribbled
madly and naked Karin quaked quietly.

	"Is that why you let the others bully and torment me? And I thought that
it was because you were a bungling incompetent!"

	Romy was about to give Heidi a spirited blast. The observers' pens were
poised expectantly to record it when poor, naked Karin, strapped helplessly in
the big, sinister chair, spoke urgently in a scared, quaky voice.

	"Be quiet, Mom! You're just making it worse. It's only a psychology
experiment! Do what she says!"

	Karin stared pleadingly up at her mother, teardrops quivering
tremulously in her young eyes. Romy sighed and looked glumly at Heidi.

	"I guess she's right. What do I have to do?"

	Heidi smiled brightly.

	"You strip down to your high heels and silk stockings and sit in the
chair next to your daughter. Do you think you can manage it? I mean, without
getting mad and making everything a lot worse for everyone, especially poor,
helpless Karin?"

	Heidi knew she had her by the look of tortured defeat in Romy's face.
Romy cast her eyes downwards dejectedly.

	"I can do it."

	"Start with the sweater top, Romy. Everybody likes seeing a bit of
sweatermeat."

	Romy glanced at her sharply, but said nothing as she peeled the sweater
off over her head, revealing a black lace bra. She packed a bra nicely.

	"Fold it up neatly and put it in the wooden box on top of your
daughter's clothing."

	"The long skirt is next. Let's see some leg!"

	Romy stepped out of her long skirt, revealing that she was leggy
sweatermeat. The observers watched enthusiastically, loving their jobs. Romy was
fetching indeed in a matching black lace push-up bra and skimpy black lace
panties, seamed black silk stockings and gleaming black high heels. Everybody
watched appreciatively as she folded up her skirt, bent over and stacked it on
top of her sweater.

	"The bra comes off next, Romy. It looks like you've got something
serious in there to show everybody."

	Romy breathed deeply to swallow her anger and showed everyone her tits.
She was superb sweatermeat indeed - big, full melons with only the slightest
amount of sag, quivering delectably, capped by big, blood red nipples. Unlike
her daughter, she made no move to cover up, standing defiantly, hands on her
hips.

	"Last, but not least, those panties have to go, Romy! We'll get to see
if you're a real red-head!"

	She was. The carpet matched the drapes.

	"Have a seat."

	Romy sat in her chair, knees temporarily pressed tightly together. This
changed completely as she was buckled into the chair and the back was tilted,
forcing her to spread her legs and lewdly display her charms to the observers.

	The centre panel of the seat had been designed to drop out easily once
the catches holding it in place were released. Heidi removed the centre panel
from Karin's seat, granting free access to her slit and asshole.

	Karin squealed as Heidi screwed in the large, metal, corkscrew butt
plug. Karin gasped in pain as Heidi opened up the anchors that came out of the
deep-seated end of the butt plug to hold it securely in place so that, no matter
how mightily Karin strained, she couldn't expel it. Romy was outraged.

	"What sort of dirty trick is this?"

	Heidi smiled.

	"I'm glad you asked, because we have one for you, too!"

	Romy began breathing hard as Heidi dropped the panel on her chair. She
screamed, red-faced, as the large steel corkscrew butt plug was screwed in,
stretching her rectum agonizingly wide. She shreiked hard, her big boobs
bouncing, when Heidi twisted the knob to open the anchors on the end of the
buttplug buried deep inside her bowels, locking it in place.

	"Seems like mom's a bit more sensitive than her daughter."

	Heidi was sympathetic.

	"Gosh! If you didn't like that, you're really going to hate this!"

	Heidi held up a pair of sharp, spring-loaded, steel pincers and
delicately teased Karin's clit out of hiding. The spring-loaded pincers bit in
and locked in place. Karin shreiked dementedly, jerking frantically in her seat,
the spittle flying from her lips.

	A bulging-eyed Romy soon joined her, shreiking long and hard as the
pincers bit in to the most sensitive nubbin of flesh in her body. Her titanic
tits quivered like jello in an earthquake.

	By now the audience had finished having a good look up their cunts.
Heidi swivelled the two chairs so that they faced each other with the clock
between them.

	"Now we connect up the wires and we're ready to start the experiment."

                                                              


	Chapter 27 - Let The Game Begin

	Heidi clamped a wire to each steel butt plug and another to each clit
pincer. When mother and daughter were wired up, slick with sweat and panting
hard, she explained the simple experiment.

	"Karin and Romy, this is an experiment testing a girl's love for her
mom."

	She adopted the baby-talk voice of an adult talking condescendingly to a
small child.

	"Do you love your mommy, Karin?"

	Karin sniffled and nodded.

	"Yes."

	"Excellent! Every five minutes a shock goes through these wires. Karin,
you control where it goes. If you push the switch away from you, your mother
gets shocked through her clit and asshole. If you pull the switch towards you,
it's your tool tunnel that gets toasted. The clock on the wall shows when the
shock will be delivered - every five minutes exactly."

	Karin and Romy looked at her in horror. Heidi smiled perkily.

	"Any questions before I start the clock?"

	"You bitch!"

	"That's not a question, Romy, so Karin has her mom to thank for my
starting the clock right now."

	As the second hand started moving, Karin wailed at her mother.

	"I told you not to make her mad, mommie!"

	Romy flushed and tried to explain.

	"I really don't think it makes much difference! She was going to do it
anyway, Karin."

	"But I'm the one who's going to fry, mom! Why would you want it to
happen sooner?"

	Romy licked her lips nervously. She spoke with a false bravado.

	"You don't have to fry, darling. Just turn the switch my way. I can
handle it!"

	Karin looked at her mulishly, a defiant, out-of-control teenager to the
bitter end.

	"Don't be stupid! I'm not frying my own mom!"

	"No, honey, it's OK! Maybe it won't hurt that much!"

	"Mom! She just reamed out our assholes and jabbed a sharp pincer into
our clits! What makes you think the shock won't hurt? What's the big clue that
escaped the rest of us, Sherlock?"

	Romy's pretty face quivered tremulously. Karin blubbered as the clock
ticked down.

	"It's OK, mom. I'm young. I can han..."

	Karin shreiked piercingly as time ran out and the electricity burned
through her privates. Her bare buttocks dimpled prettily as they clamped with
aching tightness around the anal electrode. Her naked body flushed brick red
right down to her dark pubic triangle as she arched violently against the
straps. Her taut bare belly quivered and her small tits wiggled, pale pink
nipples erect, quivering delectably, the teats jutting out like pencil erasers.
Her eyeballs rolled up in her head. Her ruby lips opened wide as she screamed
shrilly.

	Romy struggled frantically against her bonds. The well-endowed beauty
put on a nice little jiggleshow for the crowd in the process. The electricity
cut off and Karin's body slumped against the restraining straps. She was
breathing hard and blubbering hysterically. Her voice was hoarse and raw.

	"It really, really hurts, mom!"

	Romy shouted hoarsely at Heidi and the observers.

	"You vicious bastards! How can you shitheads do something like that?"

	Heidi chided her gently.

	"Language! Language! You should watch your tongue, Romy! Maybe we should
lower the time to four minutes between shocks?"

	Poor Karin screamed hysterically at her mother.

	"Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Why are you so fucking stupid?"

	"Uh, Karin, dear..."

	"SHUT UP!"

	After that, silence reigned. Drops of perspiration trickled down Karin's
quivering bare belly and into her pubic hair. She panted hard as she watched the
clock count down again. She squirmed and struggled frantically, her sweat slick
torso heaving.

	"Karin, sweet.."

	Karin glared harshly at her mother and shreiked in a frenzy, the spittle
flying from between her lips.

	"SHUT UP, YOU STUPID, FUCKING CUNT!!"

	Romy's face twitched as she watched the clock count down once more.
Karin's visage crumpled as the time grew near. She sniffed contritely.

	"I sorry, mom, it's just..."

	She screamed piercingly as her cock cranny cooked. Each vein and artery
in her dark red face stood out, throbbing wildly. Her small breasts shook and
her bare bum danced on the seat, buns flexed. Her naked thighs quivered and
shivered with the powerful electric pulses burning though her crotch. Her body
slumped in the straps once more as Romy spoke urgently.

	"Karin! Karin! Are you OK?"

	Karin was red-faced and blubbering. She looked at her mother angrily.
Her voice was raw and hoarse.

	"You're so fucking stupid! Do I look OK? It really, really, really
hurts!"

	Her voice cracked as she wailed brokenly.

	"I can't take any more, mom!"

	Romy took a deep breath, steeling herself. Her big breasts bobbed
gently.

	"It's OK, Karin. You've done enough. Flick the switch!"

	Sobbing, burning with guilt, Karin flicked the switch towards Romy,
looking stricken as she did so.

	"I'm sorry, mom!"

	Romy glared scathingly at the entranced scientists who, like many men,
weren't looking at her face when she spoke, especially now that she was stripped
for action.

	"It's all right, Karin. It's not your fault!"

	Heidi felt obliged to point out the fallacy in this statement.

	"Actually, Karin's the one flicking the switch so, technically, it's ALL
her fault if you suffer at all, Romy."

	Romy glared fiercely at her, but said nothing, slowly learning the value
of holding her tongue. She spoke soothingly as Karin's slim fingers trembled
hesitantly over the switch.

	"It's OK, Karin. You've done enou..."

	Romy shreiked hard, a piercing Wagnerian soprano producing unbelievably
high notes of pure pain. Her big bare breasts shuddered and juddered, sweat
flying from her dark red nipples. Under the restraining lap strap, her hips
pumped obscenely, vainly trying to mitigate the agony that burned between her
quivering thighs.

	To a horrified Karin, her mother's screams seemed to go on and on,
burned forever into her young psyche. She shreiked in horror along with her
mother.

	Romy slumped in the straps as the current was cut, her glistening, naked
torso heaving as she panted hard. She stared at Karin, dishevelled and
wide-eyed..

	"Flick it back! Please, Karin, flick it back. I can't handle it at all!"

	Romy sobbed in shame.

	"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"

	Karin flicked the switch towards her, staring obsessively at it, biting
her lips. Her clit and asshole still burned and were going to burn again if she
left it that way. Her muscles ached from their violent electro-convulsive
workout. Her pretty face twitched and twisted, torn between fear and guilt. Her
young mind would be haunted forever by the sound of her mother's piercing
screams. The darkly gnawing knowledge that it was all her fault ate into her
sanity. Balanced against the mental anguish, her crotch burned with the
throbbing memory of obscene, brutal pain.

	Romy looked desperately at the assembled scientists.

	"I'll do anything if you stop the experiment! I give great head! I have
a tight cunt! You're all staring at my tits. Wouldn't you like to squeeze them,
to feel my nipples?"

	Heidi turned to Karin.

	"Would you do anything, too? You didn't seem too eager to fuck earlier!"

	Karin nodded eagerly and spoke the words that are dear to everyone's
ears.

	"Yes! Yes! I'll do anything you want!"


	Chapter 28 - The Ream Team

	Heidi addressed the assembled scientists.

	"It seems that both mother and daughter are now eager to put out! I
think we should stop the clock and test their sincerity. It will provide
valuable insight into what someone is capable of under extreme stress!"

	The scientists applauded. Heidi stopped the clock with less than a
minute left. She turned their chairs so that Karin and Romy faced the audience
once more, legs spread lewdly.

	"I'm going to ask my niece, Hanna, to assist. Hanna, please bring out
the dildos!""

	Hanna came out, grinning broadly, her eyes gleaming, dressed in a
nurse's uniform just like her aunt Heidi's. She held a large, ribbed dildo in
either hand. Heidi addressed her lab rats as Hanna handed her a cunt-reaming
dildo.

	"Hanna and I will pump you out with dildos while everyone watches,
judging your performance. You moan prettily and put in a nice performance,
telling everyone how much you like it, like good little whores. After that, we
have a vote on whether to continue the experiment or not. Unless you'd prefer to
resume the experiment right now?"

	Romy and Karin, crotches burning, hurriedly chorused their eagerness to
be degraded in front of everyone. Hanna smiled as she approached Karin, huge
dildo in hand.

	"I loved watching you strip in front of everybody. I loved listening to
you scream, Karin. You do it well. I bet you're a real good fucker, too!"

	"Uh, thanks, I think!"

	"Wow! That thing screwed into your asshole is huge! Betcha that smarts!"

	"It does!"

	"And that pincher thing is brutal! You must be awfully tough to handle
that!"

	Karin started to lose it. She scowled bitterly at Hanna.

	"It's not like I have a choice!"

	Heidi intervened.

	"Actually, Karin, it was your choices in life that brought you and your
mom here!"

	This was news to Romy. She eyed her daughter, askance.

	"What did you do, Karin?"

	Hanna piped up helpfully.

	"She and some other girls attacked me in the school washroom. They
flushed my underwear away. They dropped my shoes and socks in a toilet and peed
on them. They made me lick piss water from the toilet. Karin finger-raped me.
They said that if I ever gave another right answer in class, they'd take me to
the sewer works, make me eat shit and menstrual blood and then throw me into the
sewage with the rats. Karin said that she could get away with anything because
you, the headmistress, were her mom. It's something Karin and the others called
giving a girl the trauma handicap. Big joke, eh?"

	Romy was aghast, though not altogether surprised. 	 	"Is this
true, Karin?"

	Karin hung her head in shame.

	"Uh, yeah."

	Heidi was critical.

	"You seem to have fallen a bit short in the parenting department, Romy!
You're daughter's been totally out of control for a long time. Karin, I bet
Hanna's not the first girl that you've done this sort of thing to, is she?"

	Karin looked at her blandly.

	"Uh no, not really."

	Heidi stared unbelievingly at Romy.

	"And you never suspected a thing."

	It was Romy's turn to look a bit shamefaced.

	"Well, some of the parents complained, but I didn't really do anything
about it."

	Romy looked at the scientists helplessly, appealingly. In turn, they
studied the way her tits bounced when she spoke.

	"Her father was killed in a bombing raid. I'm raising her all by myself.
What could I do?"

	Heidi was brisk.

	"A good spanking, grounding her, stopping her allowance, forcing her to
make amends, taking away her privileges. You never thought of any of that? Jeez,
you really are stupid! Did you get your job by fucking someone?"

	Romy flushed guiltily. Heidi rolled her eyes skyward. Young Hanna was
conciliatory and eager to get things back on track.

	"Well, it looks like Romy fucked her way into this mess! Maybe they can
both fuck their way out! Like mother, like daughter!"

	The assembled scientists, who had been scribbling wildly in their
notebooks during this fascinating insight into the running of a girls' school,
laughed delightedly. Hanna was a real chip off the old block. She waggled her
big dildo playfully.

	"Look! You're probably both bad test subjects, hardly a typical mother
and daughter! Perhaps you can demonstrate your sexual athleticism instead! It's
probably a family strong point!"

	There were approving noises from the assembled scientific perverts, who
were eager to push this delightful scenario along. Karin looked at the big dildo
doubtfully. Hanna was warmly encouraging.

	"It's OK, Karin. I'm going to help you out a bit!"

	Karin's flushed face twitched, but she bit her tongue and said nothing
as Hanna explained the nature of the 'break' she was about to get.

	"When you had your finger up my cunt in the washroom the other day, it
really hurt because there was no lubrication. I'm not very experienced. Nowhere
near as experienced as you are!"

	Thinking of her 'experience', the SS gang rapes, young Karin's lovely
face twitched again as Hanna enthused onwards.

	"Now that I know that lubrication is important, I'll lube you up. I
mean, this dildo is HUGE! I don't think I can get it in at all without
lubrication. Even then it will be quite a stretch."

	Karin's pretty face quivered tremulously, on the verge of tears. Former
victim Hanna was all sympathy.

	"If you aren't tough enough to handle it and want to go back to the
electroshocks, that's OK!"

	Hanna looked pensively at Romy, who was becoming deeply concerned. Romy
couldn't handle the shocks at all.

	"Although it looks like, at long last, your mom is finally starting to
worry a bit about your choices in life."

	Karin burst out, aflame with guilt.

	"It's OK, mom! I can handle it! Go ahead!"

	Hanna smiled happily and gave Karin's inner thigh a warm, affectionate
squeeze.

	"I knew you could do it, Karin! Maybe you could moan a bit while I oil
you up? I'm sure the guys, who will be voting on your fate later, will like
that!"

	Karin gave a worried glance at the eager-eyed audience. Heidi grinned at
Romy.

	"You too, sweetie pie. Moan nicely for everyone!"

	Romy and Karin moaned prettily and ecstatically while Heidi and Hanna
dipped their fingers in oil and delved between their legs, insinuating their
fingers into the tight fuckholes, rubbing in and out briskly, lubricating
vigorously, while a red-faced Romy and her blushing daughter gasped and groaned
desperately, faking it as best they could while their cunts were stretched wide
by invasive, deeply probing, oily fingers. Heidi was quick with a helpful hint.

	"I think the guys really like it when you jiggle your tits, Romy!"

	Romy instantly obliged, her twin mammaries quivering liquidly as she
took a deep breath,  arched her back and shook them with wanton shamelessness.
Mother and daughter put on the best performances they knew how to. Karin
moistened her lips obscenely with her wet pink tongue and pumped her hips
lewdly. Romy wondered briefly where Karin had learned that little trick and,
followed suit, giving her hips a few vulgar pumps, humping crudely into Heidi's
deeply delving hand, groaning ecstatically.

	After keeping them moaning lewdly and humping obscenely for an indecent
length of time, Heidi decided that it was time to move on. She held up the large
ribbed dildo.

	"Time to wrap your cunts around something solid, ladies! I use the term
'ladies' very loosely indeed!"

	The audience sniggered, savouring every second of the depraved
performance.

	Romy grunted as Heidi rammed the dildo in hard and buried it deep. She
gasped, breathing hard. The deep ribbing on the dildo scraped in and out as
Heidi pumped energetically. Hanna watched in total enchantment, admiring the way
Romy's distended cuntlips fluttered over the ribbing as the dildo flowed in and
out of her fuckhole.

	"Wow! Your mom's really working hard! You've always been lewd, rude and
crude, Karin. I bet you'll be really good at this. Let's see!"

	Hanna spread Karin's cuntlips with the fingers of one hand and nestled
the tip of the dildo against the entrance to her love canal. She gave Karin a
few moments of hard breathing anticipation, loving the way the sweat was beading
on Karin's forehead. When Karin's breathing started to calm down, she rammed it
in as far as it would go.

	Although braced for it, Karin gasped at the brutally intimate invasion.
Only a week ago, it would have been too much, but a girl that's been spending
every waking moment playing 'squeeze and squirt' and 'lick the piccolo' with
teams of hard humping SS rapists rapidly becomes one tough, cynical bitch when
it comes to being fucked over. Both mother and daughter had fast become total
pros at the art of bird stuffing, replete with loads of gravy.

	The thick dildos had a big knob on the end to let a bitch really feel
the depth of the penetration and were ribbed both ways: widthwise, in a series
of deep rings like an oversize  drywall nail, and lengthwise, like a washing
machine paddle. Rubber handles gave the reamers a solid, no slip grip.

	Heidi had given Hanna some coaching in the delicate art of cunt reaming.
Hanna started with straight in and out strokes, long, smooth and deep, the thick
ribs rasping in and out of Karin's dripping, swollen fuckhole, making her
cuntlips flutter just like Romy's. The thick knob at the tip made her tool
tunnel bulge like a snake swallowing a large rodent. Hanna made sure that it
travelled the full length of Karin's tight young snake socket, knocking hard
against her cervix like an obscene door knocker.

	"Tell me how much you love it, Karin. Beg me for more!"

	Karin's voice shook as she begged, squeaking abruptly each time Hanna
hit her cervix. Heidi encouraged her fuckslut to work harder.

	"Come on, Romy! Beg like your daughter. Tell me you love me and want
more!"

	Romy and Karin moaned an obscene fuckslut duet, begging prettily for
more, gasping out love and adoration for their reaming rapists, groaning
ecstatically with each depraved thrust. They worked hard to present a good
visual image for the eager eyed audience, shaking their tits liquidly, pointing
their toes nicely, lewdly pumping their hips, eyes slitted, wickedly running
moist pink tongues around their lips. The sweat poured off them so they smelt
like the hard humping whores they had become.

	Simultaneously, Heidi and Hanna upped the ante, twisting hard at the end
of each deeply probing thrust. The lengthwise ribs bit into the moaning
fucksluts' love canals, igniting them to fiery incandescence. Romy and Karin
gasped and whimpered but they gamely continued as their fuckholes burned between
their legs.

	At last, cuntlips swollen grotesquely, wet and fully distended, heaving
torsos soaked in sweat, Romy and Karin began sobbing brokenly, unable to
continue. Their cunts burned fiercely between their quivering thighs. Heidi and
Hanna smiled happily.

	"Well, I guess it's back to being labrats for you two! Karin, you've got
less than a minute left to decide who fries next."

	Face contorted with anguish, Karin hurriedly flicked the switch towards
her mom. Romy was frantic, her voice a raw screech.

	"NO, KARIN, NOOOOO!!! I CAN'T HANDL..."

	Romy's naked body arched savagely against the straps, every muscle and
tendon straining taut as cables under her sweat slick skin. She was the very
picture of a muscle popping, tendon snapping convulsion. Big bare breasts
juddering and shuddering violently. Hips pumping quick and fast enough to
satisfy the most hyped-up fuck freak.

	Her eyeballs rolled up in her head as her eyelids fluttered rapidly. Her
lips were flecked with froth as she screamed over and over and over, higher and
higher until it stopped with brutal abruptness. The current was cut and she
slumped in the straps, smoke curling out from her crotch. Her buttocks were
burned a bright red.

	Eyes wet, face contorted with anguish, burning shame and futile remorse,
Karin screamed and sobbed hysterically.

	"Mom, I'm sorry! Oh my god! OhmygodOhmygodOhmygod..."

	On and on, deep in shock. Heidi eyed her critically.

	"Not a real triumph for motherly love! How could you do a thing like
that, Karin?"

	Hanna sniffed self-righteously.

	"That's as bad as it gets, Karin! Talk about giving someone the trauma
handicap! You did it to yourself!"

	Karin stared in deep shock at her mother's twitching body, smoke curling
from her crotch. She screamed hysterically, snot running from her nose, spittle
flying from her lips. She babbled dementedly, completely unhinged, as she was
bundled into a strait-jacket by muscular attendants. The crotch strap to the
straight jacket was cinched brutally tight and she was hustled off to a padded
cage in the Slitpit for future reference.

	After Karin had been removed, Heidi carefully picked off the smoking
wrapping from Romy's crotch wires. Romy's eyelids fluttered open. Heidi grinned.

	"Having a low threshold of pain is it's own reward! Welcome back! Your
daughter pooped out on us when you passed out."

	While Romy blinked in confusion and growing horror, imagining Karin's
distress all too easily, Heidi gestured at the hot-eyed observers.

	"Are you still in a mood to let these fine ladies and gentlemen squeeze
your tits and to give head? If you're very nice to these hard-working observers,
I'll tell Karin that you're not dead."

	Romy was on her knees in no time, gobbling dick and licking stiff clits
while lewd hands roamed over her body, groping and squeezing obscenely while the
other perverts watched and awaited their turn.

		

		 	Chapter 29 - Bribery and Threats

	The two beauties stood nervously in their cages, the centre of attention
in the small tiered lecture hall. Everyone had a good view of the caged
sweatermeat. The cages, three feet wide by three feet deep, gave the two
delectable cuddle bunnies room to stand, but little more.

	Mistress Elke addressed the assembled Nazi scientists. She knew the
rules for sweating the meat and had come up with her own delightfully depraved
little experiment. A woman had to take a break from running a girls school,
delightful though this was for a firm disciplinarian.

	"We are here to conduct an experiment to determine whether affection and
rewards or fear and pain are the greater motivators. To those of us involved in
education and management, this is vital knowledge."

	The two young lovelies, identical twins, were identically dressed in
black high heels, white blouse, navy blue jacket, and ankle length skirt. Each
blouse and jacket was a size too small to emphasize their charms. Their ample
breasts looked like they were exploding out of their blouses, buttons straining
and threatening to give way at any instant. Underneath, stockings, garter belt,
brassiere and high-cut, black lace panties completed the ensemble. The blond
twins looked out apprehensively from their identical cages.

	"I'd like to introduce our test subjects, named Merry and Terry by their
late anglophile parents. They have been brought here straight from the doors of
the Death Camp, pausing only to don the clothing generously provided by other
Death Camp inmates, now deceased. I'd like to make clear that Merry and Terry
are volunteers and are participating in this experiment, and perhaps others, of
their own free will. They have simply to express any dissatisfaction with either
their treatment or the experiments, and they will be instantly given priority
seating in the ovens."

	The audience chortled. Mistress Elke smiled graciously.

	"These lovely young ladies are identical in every way. Believe me, I
have inspected them closely."

	This got a coarse laugh. Mistress Elke's inspections were well know for
their wonderfully invasive thoroughness. Merry and Terry's holes were still
burning.

	"They will be asked to perform simple tasks, well within the abilities
of even the most simple-minded bimbo. Merry will be rewarded for each act of
co-operation. On the other hand, Terry will be punished is she refuses to
co-operate. We will simply observe which one co-operates more."

	Merry and Terry looked at each other nervously as Mistress Elke
continued.

	"They will each be given one minute to perform the simple, mindless task
required of them. At the end of the minute, Merry will be given food and water
is she has co-operated and Terry will receive a 200 volt jolt from an electric
prod if she refuses."

	Mistress Elke smiled graciously at the blond guinea pigs.

	"I should mention that they both have been starved and deprived of water
for a day and a half to make the reward seem that much more attractive."

	Mistress Elke turned to her twin pets.

	"Merry, you will receive a crumb of chocolate and a thimbleful of water
to wash it down if you do what's requested. Terry, a 200 volt jolt will be
applied to your bare skin if you decide not to perform the simple task
requested. Understand, ladies?"

	Merry and Terry replied in unison.

	"We understand, Mistress Elke!"

	Behind Terry's cage, Hans triggered the electric prod. Startled, Terry
jumped as a bright blue spark arced between the two electrodes, snapping and
crackling wickedly. Terry eyed the prod apprehensively . Hans, grinning
wickedly, sparked it a few more times for her edification. He was obviously
looking forward to making her scream and the small cage gave her nowhere to run.

	Mistress Elke spoke commandingly.

	"This is my first request: remove your jackets and hand them to me."

	Without even looking at each other, the twins shrugged off their jackets
in perfect unison and handed them over.

	Mistress Elke pinched the crumb of chocolate daintily and held it up.

	"Stick out your tongue, Merry."

	Merry parted her luscious lips and lewdly extruded her pretty pink
tongue. Mistress Elke delicately placed the square of chocolate on Merry's wet
tongue where it started to melt delectably. Merry pulled in her tongue and
sucked it down, her pretty face a study in pure bliss. Terry  watched
disconsolately.

	Mistress Elke held up the thimbleful of water.

	"Open up and tilt your head back, Merry."

	Merry, starved, thirsty, licked her lips. She parted her lips and tilted
back her head. Her full breasts pressed tightly against the front of her blouse
as Mistress Elke poured it down her throat. Mistress Elke patted her on the head
like a master rewarding a faithful dog. She smirked.

	"Next, I want you to untuck your blouses."

	This time there was a noticeable gap in their unity. Terry untucked
promptly. A few heartbeats later, Merry untucked hers. Once more Merry went
through Mistress Elke's charming feeding ritual, chocolate melting onto her
stuck-out tongue, big breasts pressing firmly against her blouse, showing a
flash of her taut, bare belly this time as she tilted her head back to
gratefully receive her thimbleful of water. She received her head pat and
Mistress Elke proceeded.

	"Unbutton your blouses and hold them open nice and wide so that everyone
can see your bra and bare belly."

	Hans crackled the electric prod and Terry was flashing her bra and belly
to the crowd in no time. It was a lacy black bra and a flat, lightly tanned
tummy. The crowd applauded and hooted their approval.

	As Terry exhibited herself, Merry hesitated, looking out timidly at the
hooting audience of hot-eyed perverts. She spoke hesitantly.

	"What happens if I don't?"

	Mistress Elke smiled sweetly, a mother addressing a wayward, but
much-loved child.

	"Then you don't get your chocolate and water, my dear."

	"Do I get a shock?"

	Mistress Elke replied patiently, a mother explaining things to a
particularly stupid, but much-loved child.

	"My dear, it's your sister, not you, that gets the shocks if she fails
to perform her allotted task."

	Mary nodded.

	"OK, then I'm not doing it."

	The audience booed her roundly. Mistress Elke waited for the ruckus to
die down and explained sweetly, a mother disappointed in her wayward, but
much-loved child.

	"Well, then, no yummy chocolate treat and no cool, refreshing water for
you - and, of course, no pat on the head."

	Merry looked nervously at Hans. He crackled the electric prod a few
times, but made no move towards her. Merry looked visibly relieved.

	"Remove your skirts, ladies!"

	Terry promptly removed hers, revealing long shapely legs. She stood,
trying to look nonchalant, as if she stood all the time in front of crowds of
drooling perverts clad only in her open blouse, bra, panties, black seamed
stockings and high heels. The audience roared it's approval and, once again,
booed Merry when she refused.

	"Remove your blouses ladies. Everyone wants a better look at your
underwear!"

	Her fingers trembled a bit as Terry unbuttoned her cuffs and took off
her blouse gracefully. Merry, unhappy and looking out fearfully at the crowd,
once more refused. Mistress Elke addressed her wayward child in a warm,
understanding voice.

	"Merry, is it making you nervous defying me like this?"

	Merry nodded solemnly, a child that knows that it's been bad. 	 	
"Yes, ma'am."

	"Would you like to please me?"

	"Very much, Mistress Elke!"

	"It looks like fear training is winning quite handsomely, doesn't it?
Poor Terry's standing there in her unmentionables in front of everybody and
seems prepared to strip to the skin to avoid giving Hans the pleasure of
applying a 200 volt jolt to her delightfully exposed skin."

	Mistress Elke transferred her gaze to Terry, who shifted nervously at
the sudden attention.

	"Terry, are you prepared to strip all the way to avoid a shock?"

	Terry swallowed and replied hoarsely.

	"Yes."

	"Then, I'll have to ask you to remove your bra and panties to show
everyone just what you and your identical sister have to offer."

	Terry reached behind her and unhooked her bra. She hesitated briefly.
Hans crackled the prod and she hurriedly uncupped a pair of magnificent
mammaries, fully self-supporting and quivering delectably, capped by pretty pink
nipples. Without further ado she hooked her thumbs inside the elastic band and
peeled off her panties, revealing a downy thatch of soft blond pubic hair and
pouty cuntlips. She daintily stepped out of her panties and adopted a pose that
was very familiar to her onlookers, a classic in fact, one arm covering her
nipples and a hand clamped firmly between her legs. All attempts at nonchalance
had been abandoned by the red-faced beauty. Mistress Elke turned her attention
to Merry.

	"Would you do the same  for chocolate, water and a nice pat on the
head?"

	The audience chuckled as pretty Merry replied emphatically in the
negative. Mistress Elke smiled, the indulgent mother now.

	"Well, maybe I can find some commands that you both will obey. My next
request is simple, a matter of good posture really. I want you to stand with
your legs spread  wide and your hands behind your head."

	With a look of relief, Merry did it instantly. Terry hesitated. She
glanced fearfully at Hans with his prod. He grinned ferociously back at her and
licked his lips. Terry caved in. She spread her legs wide and put her hands
behind her head, exposing herself fully to the audience which applauded wildly
while Merry was put through her charming little feeding ritual.

	"Turn your backs to the audience, bend over and touch your toes."

	Merry, once more, was first to obey, revealing only shapely calves, fine
ankles and a beautiful cascade of long hair. For Terry, the process was much
more intimate as she bent over and exposed her cunt and crinkled brown rectum to
the audience. Mistress Elke cleared her throat and addressed the assembled Nazi
scientists.

	"I think this experiment, which is easily repeatable, proves
conclusively the weakness of affection training. To prove the effectiveness of
fear training even more conclusively, I will now change the experiment
slightly."

	She addressed Merry firmly, the stern mother.

	"Merry, I am now changing your role in the experiment. If you don't do
what I say, Hans will apply the electric prod to your bare skin."

	Merry swallowed hard.

	"Merry, I want you to strip naked so that you have not a stitch of
clothing on. You have twenty seconds to do it in!"

	Hans moved eagerly into position behind her cage. Merry practically
ripped her blouse off, removed her bra, stepped out of her high heels, yanked
down her skirt and peeled off her stockings and panties. She tore off her garter
belt and stood, stark naked, with scant seconds to spare. Mistress Elke turned
to Terry.

	"Lose the rest of it, Terry."

	Terry stepped out of her heels and slipped off her stockings and garter
belt.

	"Now, both of you, bend over and touch your pretty little toes while the
handlers enter your cages."

	Once more the twins bent over, exposing their most intimate orifices to
the interested gaze of the onlookers. The tall, powerfully built handlers enter
their cages, two inch-wide greased rods gripped firmly. Terry and Merry squealed
as the rods were rammed up their cunts as far as they would go. Gripped by their
long flowing hair and the rods protruding obscenely from their cunts, they were
muscled off the stage, groaning and gasping while the audience applauded
thunderously.

	Waiting calmly for her tribute to die down, Mistress Elke closed the
experiment.

	"The conclusion of this experiment is simple and far-reaching for those
of us involved in management and education: No More Mr. Nice Guy!"

	 	Chapter 30 - The Slitpit

	Always a firm believer in the 'No More Mr. Nice Guy' approach, Nurse
Heidi gestured with her favorite management tool, the electric prod, and
instructed the two nude beauties.

	"Step onto the mirrored tiles. Spread your legs about three feet apart
and start doing deep knee bends. Squat deep enough so that I can look in the
mirrored tiles and see some pink from your fuck holes as well as some brown from
your shit holes."

	The twins, Merry and Terry, glistened with sweat as they performed the
last part of their workout. Heidi prided herself that, when it was her turn to
run the Slitpit, the meat she supervised was kept in Grade A condition.

	The Slitpit was a staging area for some of the human female labrats used
by the Medical Experimentation Unit (Women's Studies). If they had to wait
awhile before being assigned to scream their way through one of the infamous
Nazi Medical experiments, they were kept in The Slitpit like dogs in a kennel.
If they happened to survive the experiment and were still in condition for
further experimentation, they returned to the Slitpit until the time came for
them to be frog marched to the next screamfest.

	The Slitpit always had ten to twenty prime specimens anxiously awaiting
their turn to scream long and hard. Heidi kept them clean, had a delightful
variety of obscene exercise routines for them and kept them very
well-disciplined. Nobody liked a smart-mouthed lab rat. The Slitpit was located
in the basement. Each labrat was kept in a small stainless steel cage for future
reference.

	Heidi glanced in at young Karin, straightjacketted in her padded cage.
Karin was moaning sadly to herself and and banging her head steadily, repeatedly
against the wall. Heidi remembered her promise to tell Karin that her mother was
still alive sometime. Perhaps she would mention it in her Last Will And
Testament. There was no rush.

	After they had finished jiggling their tits, bouncing their bums and
exposing themselves shamelessly in one of Heidi's delightfully depraved exercise
routines, it was time for the twins to hit the showers. The twins squealed as
they were hosed down with ice cold water. Heidi had them stand, legs and arms
spread wide, while she used a hose to spray liquid soap onto every square inch
of exposed female flesh. She took particular care to get some in the crack of
their ass and up their cunts. The twins were then encouraged to work it into
their head hair and pubic hair, between their toes and into their labia. Heidi
liked her bitches squeaky clean. After they had lathered up intimately, she
rinsed them off with another generous blast of ice cold water. She made sure
that they toweled off thoroughly, taking particular care to scrub vigorously
between their legs.

	It was time for the twins to be put back in storage.

	She taped their wrists behind their back and strapped on their ball
gags. Nurse Heidi knew the importance of well-lubricated holes. She had them
bend over and spread their legs, applying warm baby oil to their cunts, delving
deeply, working it in thoroughly. She opened their tight little rectums with
long probing fingers and oiled them thoroughly as well. She applied a light
layer of warm oil to their faces and torsos. The last step was to ram a thick
greased rod up their cunts to make their position in the universe perfectly
clear. In case that didn't make it clear enough, she inserted butt plugs and
belted them firmly in place.  That done, she returned them to their cages, cages
designed so that they could neither sit nor stand, but could only squat hunched
over awkwardly.

	She looked at the latest addition, a former university professor,
hogtied naked on the floor in a puddle of her own urine. The professor looked up
at her in fear and shame.

	"Please, I couldn't help it."

	Nurse Heidi carefully placed her electric prod high on the inner thigh,
against the small groin muscles, and pressed the button. The lovely professor
screamed as her inner thigh spasmed violently.

	"You do not piss or shit without my permission, bitch."

	She gestured at a pinch-faced young lovely squatting, like the twins,
bound and gagged, naked in her cage, fists clenched and toes curled, a look of
intense concentration on her face.

	"Lisa, there, has not relieved herself for nine hours. You cannot hold
it in for two. What's the matter, Professor? Are you a bed-wetter?"

	Putting the bitches down hard was a duty and a pleasure, but the
university educated snots were a particular delight.

	The professor, a black haired beauty of twenty-five, flushed, her voice
shaking.

	"Well, as a matter of fact, I used to be, but I thought I'd gotten over
it."

	"You have a lot of problems, don't you, Professor? The academic life has
made you soft. You have really lovely skin and a gorgeous complexion but, let's
face it, you aren't in as good shape as the other babes. You don' t have their
flexibility or stamina. The team of rapists that sampled your wares assured me
that you weren't as good a fuck as most of the others. Your cunt isn't as nice
and tight as it should be. You're a bit uncoordinated. Basically, you're just a
pleasantly shaped piece of flab - and now it turns out that you're a bedwetter,
too. I'm certainly going to have my work cut out with you!"

	Heidi lowered her voice and spoke gently to her, alternating the bad cop
with the good cop. It kept the cunts guessing and thoroughly confused.

	"What were you a professor of, honey?"

	"I was a professor of philosophy, specializing in the philosopher
Spinoza."

	She spoke with some pride. Heidi immediately went to work to cut the
snot out of her.

	"Spinoza. He was a jewboy, wasn't he?"

	The naked professor winced, already sorry that she had mentioned it.

	"He was Jewish. Yes."

	"I guess you decided to study jewboy Spinoza rather than work on your
problems, eh?"

	Gretchen spoke with quiet dignity.

	"I believe that studying a great philosopher's teachings, like Spinoza,
can enrich your life and help you deal with whatever problems you have."

	"Did he say anything about how to cure your bedwetting?"

	"Well, no, not really."

	"Did he tell you how to become a good fuck?"

	"Uh, not exactly, but he did say..."

	Heidi interrupted her smoothly.

	"Let's face it. There are two possibilities: either the philosopher
Spinoza's advice on how to become a good fuck was no good or else you were too
stupid to take it."

	The lovely Professor, deeply embarassed, glanced around at the other
women watching silently from their cages, gagged and bound, pity in their eyes.
The once-proud professor really hated the pity.

	"Let's face it, Professor. If you were really bright you wouldn't be
here, lying bare-assed in your own piss, to be used as a lab rat."

	"I'm not here of my own choice, you know!"

	Heidi idly twirled the Professor's pubic hair in her fingers and spoke
gently. She loved the good-looking, bright, well-educated Jews. They made
wonderful snuff toys. If they had really been sub-standard mentally and
physically, they'd have been no fun at all. Perfect specimens made perfect
victims.

	"Gretchen, it was your choices, bad choices, that brought you here. Why
pick the philosopher Spinoza to study? You know that he's not exactly
politically correct right now and, regardless of their protestations about
freedom of thought, universities are hotbeds of political correctness. If you
really were addicted to Spinoza and really were smart, you would have left. You
would have seen the big Nazi steamroller coming and you would have left. Lots
did. Face it, Gretchen, you're just a dumb cunt like all the other poor, sad
bitches in this room."

	Gretchen slumped, completely deflated. It was true. Others had left.
They had warned her, but she had been stupid. She had not believed that it could
happen to her, a good German. She had gone into hiding, too late. Ultimately,
there had been no escape from the jew-sniffers of the SS, who had tracked her
relentessly.

	Heidi, an experienced bitch buster, spoke softly. She loved grinding
them down pitilessly.

	"You know something, Gretchen? I think you studied Spinoza so that you
could avoid dealing with your own problems. Spinoza didn't teach you to deal
with politics realistically. He didn't teach you the value of being in top shape
physically. He didn't cure your bed-wetting. He didn't give you the wisdom to
get up and go when the going was good. You were just being a dumb ostrich with
your head stuck in the sand living in your own stupid little dream-world. I bet
you even thought that you were a German first and a Jew second."

	Heidi's voice hardened brutally.

	"The dream's over Gretchen! It was a butt-stupid, dumb cunt dream to
begin with. It's time to wake up and find that, through your own foolish
choices, you've allowed yourself to sink lower than a whore. You're a piece of
tainted meat that's been taken out of the garbage to be experimented on. You're
filth. Lots of people here won't even touch you without gloves on."

	Always changing her tack, keeping her victims off-balance, she slapped
Gretchen cheerfully on the rump.

	"I'll take care of you right after I graciously allow Lisa to empty her
bladder while we all watch. Study her performance and learn how the real world
operates, professor."

	Lisa looked vastly relieved as Heidi headed to her cage with a stainless
steel bowl in her hand.

	"Lisa, I'm going to put this bowl in your cage underneath your pisser.
Then I'm going to grab your tits. When I squeeze your right tit, you pee. When I
squeeze your left tit, you stop immediately. If you don't co-operate, I'll work
you over good with the electric prod, but you already knew that, didn't you?"

	Lisa nodded with pathetic eagerness. The bowl was positioned underneath
her. Heidi gripped her tits and gave the right one a squeeze. Instantly, Lisa
started peeing. Immediately, Heidi gave her left tit a squeeze. With a grimace
of pure anguish and a small whimper, Lisa stopped peeing. Heidi had trained her
well in the art of bladder control. She had Lisa opening and closing her bladder
in a virtuoso display of what a throughly broken bitch could achieve in the
right hands.

	When Lisa had, at last, squeezed out the last drop, Heidi took the heavy
bowl over to a large covered tub. Heidi removed the cover and add Lisa's urine
to the piss-filled tub. She put on a pair of elbow length plastic gloves and
turned to the hogtied Gretchen.

	"Professor, does the jewboy philosopher Spinoza mention how to handle
going for a bath in a tub full of piss?"

	"No, please don't. Please."

	Heidi pulled out a thick greased dildo.

	"First, we have to loosen you up a bit."

	She inserted the thick dildo and pumped vigorously. Gretchen squealed
and blubbered. When Heidi judged that Gretchen had been loosened up enough, she
lowered a hook on a chain from the ceiling and hooked Gretchen's hogtied wrists
and ankles, leaving the dildo in place, protruding obscenely. She punched a
button and an electric motor reeled in the chain and hoisted Gretchen up into
the air. The motor ran along a track in the ceiling. Heidi guided Gretchen's
painfully arched body along the track until it was positioned over the tub of
piss. She lowered Gretchen, struggling and pleading frantically, into it.

	Heidi grabbed a fistful of Gretchen's long flowing hair, pushed her head
under and held it there. She jerked it up, Gretchen gasped and was plunged under
again. Playfully, Heidi pulled Gretchen's head out and rammed it back under
almost instantly. She did this a few times until the learned Gretchen sucked in
a lungful of piss.

	She let Gretchen choke it out and then repeated the process a few times
for the learned professor's further edification. She hoisted Gretchen out,
untied her and trotted her off to the showers for a nice ice water hose-down.

	Before loading a completely broken Gretchen into her cage to squat
silently with the other loser bitches, Heidi oiled her up thoroughly, working
the oil carefully into what was, cunt-busting remarks notwithstanding, some
truly fabulous female flesh.

	Gretchen was due to be skinned alive in the morning and Heidi wanted her
looking her best. That glorious skin was going to make superb lampshades.

	Inspired by her recent conversation with the learned professor, Heidi
made a mental note to re-read the copy of Spinoza she had palmed at a book
burning. She rather liked the way he turned morality into a well-reasoned
exercise in logic, deducing everything from axioms like an exercise in Euclidean
Geometry - very German really.

	Chapter 31 - Man-eater

	Sly-eyed Ilsa chatted amiably to the naked man spread-eagled on the
gleaming stainless steel table. She was putting in a little time in the men's
experimentation facility.

	"I hear you like fucking a candidate to make sure that she's going to be
a good headmistress! That's not really a good system for selecting a competent
administrator, is it? I mean, you have to understand that a headmistress is not
a mistress that gives head!"

 	Heinz Greuber was sweating profusely.

	"It's all a big mistake! I've done nothing wrong!"

	Ilsa reached between his legs and gave his scrotum a hard warning
squeeze. Heinz gasped.

	"Don't be boring, Heinz! We're way past that stage! Romy told us
everything. Focus on the experiment!"

	Heinz looked at her anxiously.

	"What are you going to do to me?"

	"That's much better, Heinz! I like a player who's got his head in the
game."

	Ilsa wrapped her fingers around his sausage and gave him a friendly
couple of pumps as a reward. It rose in tumescent gratitude. Ilsa looked
worried.

	"Oh dear! That erection is going to make this next bit awkward!"

	Heinz groaned in anguish as she rammed the catheter into his swollen
piss tube. Ilsa was apologetic as she twisted and shoved, pushing hard on the
tube.

	"Sorry about this, but I've got to drain the lizard. You're a tough guy,
I'm sure that you can handle it!"

	Heinz grunted and groaned, red-faced, struggling to be a man in front of
a demanding, good-looking female. Sweat bedewed his brow as Ilsa brutally
twisted the catheter, worming it in slowly. His fists and naked buttocks
clenched tightly as Heinz strove to accept the painfully intimate anguish. At
last, Ilsa's efforts were rewarded as yellow liquid flowed smoothly down the
clear tube emptying noisily into a glass bottle.

	"Good boy!"

	She ran her fingernails lightly over his washboard abdominals.

	"You're in really good shape for an old horn dog!"

	He gasped when Ilsa gave his nuts a sudden, brutal squeeze. As his mouth
gaped open, Ilsa popped a rubber ball in and taped it in place, sealing his lips
carefully around the rubber ball. She stepped out of her shoes and rolled down
her stockings. She hung them neatly over the back of a chair. She jerked down
her panties, pulled up her skirt and climbed up onto the restraining table.

	"Now, before we get serious, let's see what kind of man you are!"

	She straddled his face, clamping it between her naked thighs and cradled
the back of his head with the soles of her bare feet, pressing his nose into her
wet slit, smothering him. Red-faced and snuffling wetly between her legs, Heinz
began a frantic struggle to breath. Nostrils flaring, he hummed desperately into
her moist orifice, tugging and straining mightily against his bonds.

	Every time his flagpole showed signs of life, Ilsa reached out and gave
the catheter a brutal twist. His incipient erection died instantly. Repeatedly,
as his taped-shut lips pressed tightly against her achingly erect clitoris,
emitting a series of muffled, horrid shreiks, Ilsa melted ecstatically against
his beet red, snuffling face.

	In short order, she had un-manned him completely, having reduced him to
a mewling, whimpering animal, sobbing hoarsely between her legs. Only after she
was fully and repeatedly satisfied, Ilsa dismounted. Heinz sucked great ragged
gulps of air into his burning lungs.

	Ilsa amused herself by pinching his nostrils shut in between putting on
articles of her clothing. He squirmed his head around, futilely trying to
dislodge her fingers while his heels drummed desperately against the table,
beating the loud, terrified tattoo of a wounded male animal in deep distress.
When she was fully dressed once more, she gave his aching ballbag an
appreciative squeeze.

	"Wow! You sure are good at making a girl happy! I like a man who works
hard to please!"

	She summoned two huge brutes to assist. Each unclipped an ankle cuff and
pulled his legs up and over, so that his feet were pinned to the table on either
side of his head. His bare buttocks were forced up off the table, quivering
muscularly in the air. The massive handlers clipped his ankle cuffs to the
restraining table on either side of his ears and left, snickering as Ilsa gave
Heinz's exposed rump a few playful slaps. She introduced his next medical
degradation with encouraging enthusiasm, coaxing her helpless male beast right
along.

	"Enough fun and games! Now you get to do your patriotic duty to help the
glorious fatherland. This next thing may tingle just a wee small bit, Heinz! I'm
sure that a real man like you should be able to take it in stride!"

	Poor Heinz, his bare buttocks fully exposed, his reamed out penis
burning, his swollen testicles aching, looked very apprehensive indeed at these
cheery words. Sly-eyed Ilsa explained further.

	"Don't look so worried! All I'm going to do is insert a rectal
thermometer. You're perfectly positioned, so it should be no problem!"

	She eyed him coyly as she picked up the gleaming chrome instrument.

	"This is a real triumph of German engineering. You'll notice that it
looks like a long screw with a hole through one end. I simply thread a long rod
through the hole. This enables me to simply screw it into your anal passage like
an oversize corkscrew. No matter how tight a back passage you have, this gives
enough leverage so that even a frail delicate female like myself can easily
screw it into a tough, hairy male asshole. You may be surprised to know that
there are men who don't like it up the ass. These party poopers would try and
shit it back out like a particularly nasty turd."

	Heinz was exactly that sort of party pooper. The cunning German
engineers had taken his unpatriotic type into account.

	"See what happens when I turn the knob on the end!"

	She twisted it and the other end of the rectal thermometer opened like
the petals of a rose blossoming in the sun.

	"These metal petals anchor it firmly in place once it is seated. When
the experiment is over and we want to retrieve this valuable mechanism, I turn
the knob the other way and the 'petals' on the end fold up. I thread the rod
through the hole in the end once more and unscrew it. The scientists joke that
it's a flower that only blossoms when it's in deep shit!"     

	Heinz failed to see the humour in this as she began twisting it into his
rectal passage. Red-faced, groaning with each brutally invasive twist, Heinz
struggled hard to deal with this agonizing anal rape at the hands of a beautiful
young woman. He gasped hoarsely as she opened the metal petals deep in his
bowels. Ilsa patted his bare bum approvingly.

	"Good boy! Now it's time for you to help the brave airmen of the
Luftwaffe!"

	The massive handlers returned, unclamped him from the table and hustled
him out of the room, the rectal thermometer wagging behind him like an obscene
doggie tail.  He trotted along along between them, all dignity and self-respect
stripped away, begging them piteously to remove the thermometer from his aching
asshole.

	Heinz studied the big pool nervously as they strapped the life preserver
on him over the flying suit. The wire sticking up out of the back of his pants
supplied the reading from the rectal thermometer to the assembled scientists.
The water had chunks of ice floating in it. Ilsa shook her head.

	"Our pilots don't last too long once they bail out into the North Sea.
It's freezing cold and the hypothermia kills them quickly. Once we toss you in,
your scrotum will shrivel up until it looks like half a wallnut shell glued to
your crotch. Don't worry. You won't last long."

	Heinz cleared his throat.

	"Are you just going to kill me?"

	Ilsa smirked.

	"That wouldn't be much fun, would it? This is an experiment in using
'animal heat' to revive you. Remember Romy? She's waiting for you, hot and
naked, in a nice warm bed. We'll all be watching as she tries to warm you up
once we lower your body temperature far enough and pull you out of the water."

	Heinz was unceremoniously dumped into the freezing water. He gasped as
the frigid water hit him like an icy fist. He could hardly breath as the cold
clamped his chest in it's painful embrace. Inside the flight suit, his scrotum
shrivelled to a half-walnut and his penis shrank to a small cocktail sausage. 
His goose-pimpled skin turned blue and he began to shiver uncontrollably.

	The scientists watched the reading from the rectal thermometer as his
body temperature  began to lower dramatically.


	Chapter 32 - Pep Talk

	Early in the morning, Romy and the other fucksluts had received their
daily motivational lecture. Their jaws were stretched achingly wide by bright
red, over-size, rubber ball-gags. Nude, standing in a large semi-circle with
their hands tied behind their backs, they watched as the new fuckslut was
trotted in. A natural blond, Simone was the typical long-legged, big-breasted
beauty that was selected for the fuckslut squad, plucked from one of the trains
going to the death camps. Her long blond hair flowed dramatically to her waist.

	Every day, a new member joined the team of hard-humping SS whore slaves.
Every day, the poorest performing member of the team was retired.

	Like the rest, Simone was stark naked. Like the rest, she quickly had a
noose slipped around the base of each of her big breasts and cinched tight.
Aching breasts turning purple, looking like dangerously over-inflated balloons
about to burst, she was hoisted up by her tits to join the chorus line of nude
beauties prancing prettily on tiptoe.

	Nurse Heidi eyed her groaning captive audience. Their pretty faces were
red, their quivering buns were tight and their calves were straining nicely. She
considerately gave them a few moments to settle in, their stretched, strangled
breasts turning a deeper shade of purple while they waited, groaning miserably.
After an indecently long interval, Heidi started her spiel.

	"I'd like to welcome Simone to our group. For her benefit, I'll explain.
You are all whores. You fuck. You suck. You get squirted with sperm. Your
performance is observed and rated by the staff. Each day, the whore who isn't
delivering enough sperm winning performances is eliminated and serves as an
example to the rest. A new one takes her place. Today, the new one is Simone. If
she doesn't put out well enough today, she'll be tomorrow's example for the rest
of you."

	Heidi looked down the line of sweat slick whores.

	"The question is, who is Simone replacing? Who is the example?"

	Heidi walked down the line, drawing small frantic squeals as she snapped
each trembling trollop's obscenely swollen nipples with her swagger stick. She
reached the end of the line, turned around and walked behind them, slowly and
deliberately, stopping behind each one, pondering the fate of each fearful
flatbacker. She stopped suddenly and slapped Nicolette hard on the bum with her
swagger stick. Nicolette squealed frantically, fear-crazed, into the oversize
ball-gag.

	"Nicolette! You lazy slut! You're just going through the motions these
days. Your heart isn't into fucking, but your vocal cords will soon be into
screaming. Simone, watch carefully! Tomorrow, this could easily be you!"

	Next to a long skewer heating over a brazier, a pan of cooking oil was
bubbling over a burner on a small metal cart. Heidi wheeled it over to
Nicolette, who was dancing desperately on her bare tiptoes. Simone's deep blue
eyes were huge as she watched Nurse Heidi dip a turkey baster into the pan and
fill it with the boiling oil.

	The boiling oil sizzled as Heidi squeezed the bulb and squirted it over
Nicolette's pretty face. Nicolette, her bright red face cooking, blasted out a
series of haunting, inhuman shreiks that seared Simone's soul. The horrified
whores watched in complete terror. Urine spurted down the inside of quaking
thighs as Heidi filled the turkey baster once more and squirted bubbling hot oil
over Nicolette's taut bare belly. Like her once-pretty face, Nicolette's belly
was instantly a bright fiery red. Her voice cranked several notches higher and
hoarser, raw with the incredibly agonizing pain.

	Her breasts and buns were basted with boiling oil. As she slowly cooked
alive, Nicolette screamed hard and high for her extremely attentive captive
audience. Even if they shut their eyes, the inhuman piercing shreiks skewered
their souls. Whenever Nicolette's hideous, agonized screaming began to die down,
Heidi squirted an scalding shot of boiling oil over her privates to encourage
Nicolette to sing her lungs out once more. 

	An obscene length of time later, Heidi grew restive. She put on heavy
mitts and picked up the red hot skewer that had been heating up all along,
adding to the heat in a room that was very hot and sweaty indeed.

	Poor Nicolette screamed so high that the guard dogs began barking as the
red hot skewer sizzled between her ass cheeks and entered her rectum. She
shreiked dementedly as Heidi slowly shoved the hissing skewer deeper and deeper,
cooking her guts as it went, until at last, it burst her thunderously pounding
heart. The aroma of cooked meat was layered on to the swell of sweat, urine,
cooking oil and heated metal as poor Nicolette's naked body, with a last
violent, convulsive shudder, gave up the ghost.

	Heidi waited a moment for the tableau to be burnt indelibly into
tremulous, fear-ridden brains. Satisfied that the fucksluts were quaking nicely,
Heidi nodded to the guards. The SS sex slaves were let down and sent on their
way to begin their day: white, shaking, deeply traumatized, as powerfully
motivated as fear-trained whores could be to suck and fuck for their very lives.

	Heidi squeezed Romy's buns as she let her down. Romy gasped as Heidi
delved between her legs and penetrated her for a quick finger fuck. Heidi liked
the meat to feel like meat.

	"Romy! You gave a HOLE new meaning to headmistress! You were the shits
as a teacher so the Third Reich has found your true calling. You're a natural
born Slurp Slut."

	Romy looked less than enchanted with her new career as Heidi hustled her
to what the staff jocularly referred to as Slurp Slut Central. Heidi gestured at
the wall.

	"You've been here before. You know the drill. I'll be back in the
afternoon to collect you for some real romantic fun! You get to fuck Heinz one
more time and then you get to really shake those big hooters."

	The wall had a series of waist-high holes in it. Romy squatted before
one. Soldiers stepped up to the wall, dropped their drawers and shoved their
dick and balls through the hole. On the other side of the hole, a naked mouth
whore sucked him off as quickly as possible and spat his sperm into a test tube,
collecting the precious genetic material of the Master Race for the artificial
insemination human breeding experiments. It was raw, completely depersonalized
sex. Romy and the others were measured by how much sperm they collected. At the
beginning of the next day, after wondering about it all night, the loser got to
scream for the edification of the rest before she died. It was a wonderfully
inspirational way to start the day.

	Romy had the first of a long series of dicks shoved into her face.
Naked, squatting over a bowl, Romy emptied her bladder as she started to work.
Her urine spalttered noisily into the bowl and splashed the inside of her
thighs. Washroom breaks had been abolished as they cut into a Slurp Slut's
productivity.

	Romy flicked her pink tongue skilfully over the penis and sucked on the
knob while she vigorously pumped the shaft with her hand. A thick spermwad
sprayed onto her tongue. She licked it up, running her finger from the scrotal
sac, up the underside of the penis, to squeeze the last pearly drops of cum into
her mouth.  She spat the sperm into the test tube and a nurse labelled it. 	 	
Romy sipped a quick drink of water as the next soldier stepped up to the hole in
the wall and shoved in his dick and balls. On the other side, Romy ran her
strong tongue up and down the shaft of his manroot and went through the routine
once more to collect sperm for the breeding experiments.

	Heidi looked down the line of squatting, peeing, sucking, licking,
pumping, spitting Slurp Sluts, big bare breasts bobbing gently as they worked.
The competition was fierce. The agonized shreiks of yesterday's loser kept
ringing in their ears and the sight of her long drawn out death spasms replayed
ceaselessly in their deeply traumatised minds. The squatting lovelies sucked
like vacuum pumps, the only sound being the lipsmack of penis kissing blending
with liquid slurping of osculating mouth whores giving skull.

	 	Chapter 33 - Shaken Not Stirred

	Romy was ashen-faced and shaking as Heidi led her into Dr. Totentanz's
lab. Romy had sucked long and hard on Heinz's ice cold penis, but had failed to
revive the old horndog. Heidi had kept Romy licking and slurping on her
corpsicle, warmly encouraging her to vile, deeply depraved acts of necrophilia
as Romy laboured lasciviously on the frozen corpse of her former lover while
everyone watched.

	Dr. Totentanz, a tall cadaverous gentleman who affected a monocle, was
good friends with Dr. Mengele. Dr. Mengele was obsessesed with twins. Dr.
Totentanz's tastes were less exotic. He liked big boobs. 

	Romy looked down the row of superbly endowed nude beauties, the taste of
Heinz's cold clammy cock still on her tongue, wondering what sort of bad shit
this was. Dr. Mengele had done his usual superb job of skimming big breasted,
deluxe wet dreams from the death camps for his buddy Dr. Totentanz. Clothed,
they had looked lovely. Naked, they looked like a support system for a pair of
tits.

	Each of the buxom beauties was strapped upright to a restraining board,
facing outwards. The restraining board was actually composed of three
independent parts.

	Their superb legs were spread wide and pinned to the lower board at
ankles, knees and hips, exposing them lewdly.

	The middle board was for their awesome torsos. It curved outwards. Their
wrists, elbows and shoulders were clamped firmly along the top by thick straps.
The arch of the board forced their monster melons up and out, jiggling
delectably.

	The third board was basically a head clamp that held their heads
immobile. Nobody was looking at their heads as the long line of titanic tits
bobbed majestically.

	The upper and lower boards were fixed but the middle one could rotate
left and right.

	Each of the curvaceous cuties gasped and cursed as the Kunt Klamp was
inserted and tightened. The Kunt Klamp was Dr. Totentanz's delightful invention.
It consisted of a three inch wide greased steel rod that was inserted vaginally
as far as it would go and then screwed down firmly to the bottom board. It
immobilized a bitch's waist completely.

	Dr. Totentanz went down the line of luscious lovelies and and allowed
each to fully savour the experience of having a chilled, deeply ridged rod
rammed into her cunt and buried as deeply as possible. Dr. Totentanz twisted and
pumped each thick rod energetically to make sure that it was seated properly
before he clamped it down brutally tight. Each pulchritudinous pretty was
red-faced and shreiking, bimbolicious tits aquiver, by the time he was satisfied
that they were properly penetrated and immobilised.

	He had gotten the idea for this experiment while watching a can of paint
being shaken in an automatic shaker at a paint store. The middle board was the
shaker attached to a small, but powerful motor. He flicked the switch. The
motors hummed and the line of gigantic super melons began to shimmer gently.

	He cranked up the juice a bit. The long line of jumbo jugs shook like
jello. The quivering chorus line began to groan hauntingly in long shuddery
moans. Dr. Totentanz adjusted his monocle and watched, fascinated, as thick
lines of snot dribbled from their nostrils, shaken loose from their lungs and
liquified by the tit shaker.

	Romy moaned and struggled to breath, smothering in snot, her violently
shivering jumbo jugs putting a severe strain on her aching chest. It felt like
they were tearing loose.

	He cranked it up a bit more.

	The row of super snoobs shook wildly, the nipples a rosy blur. Flat bare
bellies shivered. Dr. Totentanz and the sniggering nurses stepped back,
anticipating what was going to happen next.

	The chesty cuties' churning guts emptied out of every available orifice.
They puked over their shuddering mammaries. They shat themselves, the shit
pureed to a brown liquid that mixed with the pee spurting from their crotches.

	Blood foamed from their mouths and nostrils as their internal organs
shook loose and ruptured, their guts liquifying into a putrid mass.

	Romy screamed mindlessly, her life's blood frothing from her lips. The
agony was the most intense that she had ever experienced as every system in her
body shut down permanently.

	Almost simultaneously, the row of shuddering, juddering beauties packed
it in. Lungs ruptured. Hearts tore, ripped loose and burst asunder.

	It was over.

	Dr. Totentanz turned off the machine. His stress test was complete.

	All the once proud, self supporting super snoobs were now sagging like
empty flour sacks. He called in the clean-up crew of short-lived 'trusties'  to
mop up while he went to inspect Dr. Mengele's next set of beauty contest
winners.

  	Chapter 34 - Pedal Pushers

	The row of stark naked beauties perched apprehensively on the seats of
their stationary exercise bicycles. They sat up nice and straight, courtesy of
their cunts being wrapped around thick dildoes that projected up from where
their cuntlips kissed the bicycle seats. Their dainty wrists were brutally wired
together behind their bare backs, palms out. Blood seeped out as the cruel wires
ate into their smooth, young skin. Their pretty feet were clamped into heavy
boots attached to the pedals.

	Nurse Heidi smiled lovingly at her neice. Hanna stared wide-eyed at the
row of sweating nude nookie.

	"The Third Reich supplies us with a virtually unending supply of top
quality guinea pigs. Look at them! Perfect physical specimens.  The cream of the
crop! Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, political dissidents, along with a few people
who just generally piss us off!"

	Hanna giggled.

	"Like Karin, sitting pretty on the end there!"

	Heidi grinned.

	"Exactly! Let's get them started."

	She flipped the switch that turned on the power to the motors and turned
the knob to a low setting.

	The pedals began to turn, driven by powerful electric motors. Long
shapely legs began to pump along. Bare buttocks dimpled prettily. Big bare boobs
bobbed rhythmically. Heidi and Hanna enjoyed the spectacle for awhile. Heidi
cranked up the speed.

	Unwillingly, the panting cyclists began pedalling furiously. White
thighs flashed, pumping hard. Bare bums bounced. Cunts enflamed as they shivered
up and down the thick dildoes quivering between their legs. Sweat trickled down
their heaving torsos and sprayed from their nipples as the cursing beauties
began their bicycle ride to hell.

	Heidi kept them pedalling dementedly until the cursing died out
completely, the pretty panting pussies huffing and puffing too hard to say
anything.  She cranked it up another notch.

	Karin and the others screamed and sobbed as their legs were forced to go
faster than it was humanly possible to pedal. Their knees and hips became
centers of searing pain as they were jerked around and around violently. Naked
breasts shook wildly. Erect, fear-hardened nipples showered sweat. The narrow
bicycle seats burned into their crotches,  their pistoning legs driven
mercilessly by the powerful electric motors. Aching, reamed out pussies screamed
in anguish.

	One by one, they passed out, held upright by the mighty piston that
penetrated them more deeply, and opened them wider, than any lover could. After
the last delectable body had slumped unconscious in her seat, Heidi stopped the
motors. Their feet were unclamped from the heavy boots. Sweaty, unconscious
bodies were pulled from their seats, unsheathing the warm, bloody pistons
between their legs with an audible pop. They were loaded onto gurneys and taken
to be inspected.

	Karin awoke just as her naked body was strapped spread-eagled to the
stainless steel autopsy table. Dr. Bernhard peered at her through his thick
spectacles. He chatted cheerfully with his wide-eyed victim as he arranged the
surgical implements from the dissecting kit on the metal tray.

	"Ah! Sleeping beauty has awoken!"

	Karin noticed Heidi and Hanna grinning down at her through the glass
above, sitting in the observers gallery. The nurses, along with a selection of
shameless sluts who put out for the guards and staff, loved watching the naked
women scream as they were gutted like fish. 	

	At the autopsy table next to Karin, the hot-tempered nymph spread out on
it, stark naked and completely helpless, mistakenly figured that she had nothing
to lose. Lovely Lisl inflated her pulchritudinous chest and ripped into her
Doctor.

	"You're just a dirty little turd! You're jealous of someone like me
who's good-looking, smart and charming. Look at you! You're just a disgusting,
filthy toad who hasn't a hope!"

	The tart tongued trollop had thrown a well-aimed spear. The Doctor, a
squat woman with no visible neck and bulging eyes, gave her mouthy patient a
look that belonged to a very venomous toad indeed. She nodded at her assistant.
With the skill of long practise, her badly scarred minion clamped the mouthy
bitch's head, positioning it perfectly for the Doctor's next move.

	The Doctor jammed her knife blade between Lisl's pouty lips and sliced
her mouth open back to the ears on each side, exposing perfect teeth and gums.
She deftly sliced the tendons and ligaments holding Lisl's jaw in place and
unhinged it.

	Her hideous assistant gripped Lisl's tongue with a surgical clamp. He
scrambled up onto the table, stood straddling her head and, using both hands,
pulled upwards with all of his considerable stregth. Lisl arched up, smooth bare
buttocks lifting off the table, big tits aquiver, squawking and gagging as the
squat Doctor dug deep with the scalpel, cutting her tongue out by the roots.
After Lisl had flopped back onto the table with the brutal excision of her
tongue, she sawed off Lisl's coral ears and sliced off her pert nose for good
measure.

	She politely turned to her neighbor.

	"I believe that you collect nipples, Dr. Bernhard?"

	"Yes, indeed!"

	"Here, I'll save the whole breasts so you can inspect the milk glands,
too."

	"Very considerate of you!"

	She placed the long, finely honed blade of her autopsy knife against the
base of Lisl's breasts. It sliced them off smoothly. She placed them, dripping
blood, on a stainless steel tray like a master chef delivering a souffle. She
beamed at Dr. Bernhard, definitely a fellow toad.

	"Dinner is served!"

	They both had a gigglesnort over that. She turned and hissed
triumphantly at her gibbering victim.

	"Who looks like a toad now, fuckface?"

	She slit Lisl's belly, opening her up breastbone to crotch, and pulled
out a fistful of steaming guts. She sniffed Lisl's intestines and grinned at the
bloody travesty of a woman who stared back, her deep blue eyes wide in complete
horror.

	"Did anyone ever tell you that you smell like shit?" 

	At the next table, Dr. Bernhard smiled down at Karin's young,
panic-stricken face as terror crushed her heart in it's icy grip.

	Hurriedly, Karin decided to take a leaf out of her mother's book. She
looked coyly at Dr. Bernhard and licked her lips lewdly. She jiggled her tits
seductively.

	"You don't have to do this! I give great head. I give great hand jobs.
I've got a really tight cunt and a tight little heinie hole. I may be young, but
I've had lots of experience."

	She pumped her hips suggestively.

	"I'm a great ride. You don't get to fuck a babe like me every day. Try
me and see!"

	Dr. Bernhard corrected her indulgently, thinking that a touch of bad
french made him a man of the world.

	"Au contraire! The glorious fatherland is snuffing millions. We strip
them naked and I get my pick, all eager to put out rather than scream in the
ovens. Blonds! Redheads! Brunettes! Raven haired beauties! Bleach blonds even!
Full figured, long lovely legs, self-supporting mammaries, perfect nipples, nice
curly pubic bushes, slim waists, taut muscled bellies, heart-breakingly lovely
faces, very experienced, desperate beauties eager to perform the most depraved
acts to amuse me."

	He looked at Karin contemptuously.

	"I have complete access to the primest pussy in Germany! You're just
used baggage with nothing to offer that I can't get better and fresher."

	Dr. Bernhard eyed Karin's small perfect nipples. Karin whimpered as fear
scoured her pounding heart.

	"As you may have heard, I collect nipples. It's not part of the
experiment, but I just can't resist!"

	With rapidly increasing hysteria, her voice squeaking higher and higher,
Karin begged deperately as he pinched one of her nipples and pulled it away from
her chest. With his other hand, he picked up the autopsy knife. He rested the
nine inch blade against the tightly stretched tit meat just under the aureola.
Karin screamed as he sawed off first one nipple and then the other. He gave her
trembling thigh a friendly squeeze.

	"Enough fun! Now we get serious!"

	He carved open her belly, slicing a line of  burning agony across the
top of her pubic triangle. Karin's eyes bulged in horror as he reached in and
pulled out the first handful of steaming guts. She parted her lips, breathed
deeply and shreiked dementedly, the spittle flying, joining the harsh, shrill
chorus of the damned as he deftly removed her entrails. He made her scream time
and time again as he sliced her open to the bone to study her swollen hip and
knee joints.

	Looking down from above, eyes gleaming excitedly, cunts turgid and
moist, nipples erect, the cruel bitches in the gallery, connoiseurs of obscene
torment, moaned  softly. Their fingers delved furtively inside their panties as
they languished in a different sort of delightfully depraved anguish.


	Chapter 35 - The Acid Test

	Sly-eyed Ilsa smiled encouragingly at her groaningly pregnant patient as
she was shepherded into the lab by Hans and Otto, your friendly neighborhood SS
perverts. Even bloated by pregnancy, Magdalena was a stunning specimen, a proud
young trophy wife before the SS had laid their clammy mitts on her delectable
young body and her husband's fortune. His art collection was now sailing to
South America in a U-boat.

	Few of the Nazi leadership really believed that it was going to last.
The smart ones were energetically scooping all the loot that they could, now
that the war was heading into it's final phases. It was also getting to be the
last chance for some payback, which is where Magdelena fit in.

	Ilsa adopted a kindly, benevolent air as she introduced herself, a
health professional doing her job.

	"I'm Nurse Ilsa. I understand that your water has broken and you're
about to give birth."

	Sweating heavily, Magdalena nodded.

	"Yes, Nurse."

	Ilsa gestured at the photographer with the movie camera.

	"We'll be filming this, an educational thing. The beauty of a human
birth. You understand!"

	Magdelena couldn't have cared less as the contractions hit her.

	Nurse Ilsa patted a gleaming, stainless steel chair with a large
circular hole in the seat. Taking a leaf out of her friend Nurse Heidi's book,
her entire demeanor radiated solicitous concern as she spoke encouragingly.

	"This is a birthing chair. Perhaps you've heard of them? They used to be
quite popular in former times. It allows you to give birth more easily, assisted
by the force of gravity."

	Magdalena looked at the birthing chair in confusion. It didn't seem too
bad. It might even be a good idea. Perhaps they had pity on pregnant women. Ilsa
was delighted to see hope spring into Magdelena's eyes. She nodded curtly to the
guards.

	"Strip her and strap her into the chair!"

	Otto withdrew his ceremonial SS dagger from it's ornate scabbard. He
slit  Magdelena's baggy prison dress down the back. Hans, in front, pulled it
off. She was naked underneath. The Third Reich didn't waste money on bras and
panties for it's morgue meat.

	Magdalena was forced roughly into the chair. Her dainty feet were
strapped into the wide-spread stirrups. Her slim wrists were strapped together
behind the back of the chair.

	The cameraman focussed on her sweat-slick, naked body. Her heavy breasts
heaved, the nipples leaking milk. Her bare belly stretched out like a drum, the
baby moving visibly underneath the taut skin. He captured her straining face,
bloated a bit with pregnancy, but beautiful nevertheless.

	A large bowl filled with a clear liquid was placed under the chair.
Grinning, Ilsa explained things to her grunting, gravid guinea pig.

	"This is a test of self control. The bowl contains acid. If you squeeze
out your baby within the next hour, it will fall into the acid and you can
listen to it scream as it dies. If you manage to hold it in for the next hour, I
will remove the bowl and deliver it properly as I have been trained to do."

	Magdalena shot Ilsa a look of raw hatred.

	"You sick perverted pig-slut! You're lower than dogshit!"

	Nurse Ilsa smiled pleasantly.

	"For that, you get to sit there for two hours until I remove the bowl."

	She smirked sweetly at the big-bellied member of the porked and storked
club.

	"Do you have anything else to say?"

	Magdalena swallowed hard and hastily decided to change her tactics.

	"Please, have mercy! You are a Nurse, a healer, sworn to help those in
need, a woman. You should be helping me. Please help me. You... urg umph.."

	Otto, behind her, reached around and popped the ball gag between her
pleading lips and strapped it in place. Ilsa patted Magdelena's trembling thigh
affectionately.

	"The gag is to help you focus on holding that baby in. You mustn't
squander your energy on useless words. Your medical records show that your
previous children came out pretty quickly. Try and hold this one in for two
hours. Your baby's life depends entirely on your self-control."

	Red-faced and dripping with sweat, the full-breasted beauty squatted and
trembled, battling both her contractions and the force of gravity. Her large
nipples oozed milk. Her lovely face grimaced, contorted with pain. The veins in
her forehead stood out, throbbing violently. She clenched her small fists and
moaned. Her bare toes squirmed and her pretty feet flexed in the stirrups. The
surrounding Nazis watched her straining, quivering nakedness with interest. The
cameraman captured it all.

	Magdalena had no way of knowing how much time had passed, but she had an
excellent feel for it. After almost exactly two hours of straining torment, she
looked pleadingly at Ilsa. Ilsa made a big show of looking at her watch.

	"Another hour to go!"

	Hans and Otto laughed coarsely and Magdalena knew that she was being
played for a fool. Her eyes filled with despair. She grunted and groaned,
desperately willing herself to hold her child in. The top of the baby's head
began to be visible through the vaginal opening. With an incredible, titanic
effort, Magdalena squeezed her cunt shut. The baby's head disappeared back
inside her.

	Panting hard, grunting like a herniated pig, Magdalena lasted another
painful, gut- rupturing ten minutes. Flecks of foam appeared on her lips as she
struggled madly, trying with insane desperation to prevent the birth.

	Finally, the inevitable happened. The baby began to appear. Magdalena
strained mightly, striving hysterically to prevent it, but Mother Nature was not
to be denied.

	The baby screamed as it splashed into the large bowl of liquid.

	It was just water. Magdalena's hysterical struggles had been entirely
pointless. The soldiers and Ilsa laughed hard, slapping their knees in delight.
Magdalena slumped, totally exhausted, sobbing hard.

	Ilsa snipped the umbilical cord. She washed the baby in the bowl, held
it up by the ankles and slapped it's bum. It let out another lusty cry.

	"A rug rat is born!"

	Ilsa gripped Magdalena by the hair as she messily pumped out the
afterbirth.

	"Do you remember Dr. Bernhard? You knew him at University? You used to
mock him and call him a four-eyed fuck-face?" 	 	Magdalena nodded,
blubbering hard. Nurse Ilsa smiled.

	"He's sorry that he couldn't be here to witness the birth of your child,
but he sends his regards!"

	Ilsa gestured towards the grinning photographer.

	"Dr. Bernhard will watch the film with interest!"

	As Magdalena's eyes widened in horror and sudden understanding, Ilsa
nodded at Hans, standing behind the birthing chair. He expertly flicked the
strangling wire over Magdalena's head and jerked hard. Her eyes bulged as the
thin wire cut into her throat, severing the carotid artery. Blood sprayed out.
Hans, with the skill of long practice, mugging for the camera, playfully drew
patterns on the white wall with the spraying blood while he choked her like a
chicken.


	 	Chapter 36 - Closing Up Shop

	Newly arrived, lovely Lisette hated everything.

	Her drab, ill-fitting, labrat uniform sucked. Her cold, dank, windowless
cell sucked. The lack of eager-to-please, male admirers dancing attendance on
her sucked. Being raped by drooling perverts really sucked.

	The good news was that the Allies were winning and rolling over these
fuckhead Nazis no problem. She just had to hang in there until she was
liberated. It was only a matter of days.

	She jumped as the steel door to her cell sprang open and slammed hard
against the wall. Dr. Bernhard stepped in, flanked by two tough guards. Lisette
thought that Dr. Bernhard was exactly the sort of bald, pencil neck geek she
would have blown away in a heartbeat on the outside if he had even dared to look
at her. Dr. Bernhard, who knew that he was exactly that sort of pencil neck
geek, had one word for the haughty Lisette.

	"Strip!"

	Lisette hesitated. Dr. Bernhard was politlely encouraging.

	"Do you want the guards to help you, fraulein?"

	Lisette rolled her eyes, gave a world weary sigh and stripped. Behind
his coke bottle bottom glasses, Dr. Bernhard's grotesquely magnified eyes drank
in her superb young bod while she stared down at the disgusting little pervert
disdainfully.

	"Hands behind your back!"

	Lisette's wrists and elbows were tied tightly behind her, forcing her to
stand up straight, chest out, her big melons popping forward in a quiveringly
delectable display. She was gagged and blindfolded for ease of handling. Lisette
grunted as Dr. Bernhard snapped on the nipple clamps and screwed them tight. She
really squealed when he reached between her legs, snapped on the spiky clit
clamp and screwed it brutally tight. Each clamp was connected via a short chain
to a metal O ring. Lisette grimaced and groaned as he tugged sharply on the O
ring to guide her along.

	"This way, slut."

	Keeping up the pressure, he led her squealing down the corridor. He
trotted the naked beauty into a big warehouse filled with groaning, sobbing
women, each a perfect physical specimen. Blonds, redheads, brunettes, raven
haired beauties, black, white, oriental, short, statuesque - Dr. Bernhard had
them all. The room stank of piss, feces and fear sweat.

	Lisette had no clue as he ran the blindfolded beauty headfirst into a
heavy cement pillar. She bounced off the pillar and sat down abruptly.

	Stunned, she offered no resistance as she was lifted into the air and
her legs parted. She screamed into her gag as she was lowered onto the thick
spike. The sharp point entered her love canal smoothly, penetrated her fully and
pricked the top of her cuntal passage. She stood squealing frantically on tiptoe
as her life's blood began to flow down the deep grooves in the spike. 	 	
Her blindfold was removed. Lisette stared in horror at the long row of spiked
beauties. A crossbar prevented each from sinking very low. The spike couldn't
penetrate deep enough to burst their hearts. Each, like her, was being left to
slowly, obscenely bleed out. Each shreiked and sobbed miserably into her gag,
filling their ample torsos with air and screaming out the harshly dissonant
chorus of the damned with their dying breaths, bright red arterial blood
flooding down their inner thighs. Gibbering in horror, Lisette screamed right
along.

	Another long row of nudes stood on bare tiptoes. A taut wire noose
attached to a creaking ceiling beam ate into their smoothly stretched throats.
Tongues protruding, bloodshot eyes bulging, their cyanotic blue faces were
contorted in agony. Nipples erect, nude straining bodies slick with sweat, tits
jiggling delectably, they breathed in a crude, contrapuntal chorus of raw,
croaking gasps. The long row of tight bare buns dimpled prettily. Their thigh
and calf muscles were taut and twitching as they struggled desperately to ease
the brutal pressure of the cruel choke wires.  With wrists wired together behind
their backs, their fingers writhed sinuously and their arms jerked spastically
as they fought fiercely, but futilely, to free themselves. All that happened was
that their wrists were rubbed raw and bloody as the unyielding, tightly twisted
wire cut into their skin pitilessly. 

	After the medical staff left, the desperate, dying babes had a new
problem. The floor of the warehouse grew quite slippery under their tiptoes as
bowels and bladders emptied, mixing messily with the blood. The stench of urine
and feces mixed with the coppery smell of blood. Small screams filled the air as
the spiked babes slipped. The spike burrowed cruelly, obscenely into their most
intimate orifice until stopped by the crossbar. When the noosed babes slipped,
they quietly turned a deeper shade of cyanotic purple.

	Elsewhere, the shutdown of the medical facility and the elimination of
troublesome witnesses was proceeding equally well.

	Chapter 37 - Swimming Lesson

	On the floor of a stench ridden basement room, a row of hysterical nude
french resistance babes were hogtied, wrists and ankles wired together behind
them, eyeing the big shitpit next to them in deep dread. The wickedly
troublesome french resistance lovelies, spying actresses in a touring theatre
group, had been shipped to the facility for special treatment. Haughty, snotty,
shamelessly exploitive beauties, they were more used to teasing and being
pampered by rich playboys than to being snuffmeat in obscene experiments.

	To lovely, raven-haired Monique, spying was just a sort of practical
joke she played quite successfully on stupid, eager-to-please men. She cried out
for the disciplinarian hand of a strong woman. Heidi was happy to make time in
her busy schedule to accomodate the meddlesome mummers. Despite the hurried
shutdown of the facility, Heidi had a plan to make them linger.

	She pinched Monique's nostrils shut until the raven-haired beauty parted
her luscious lips to gasp. Heidi popped the strong spring into Monique's mouth
and released the clamp holding it shut. The spring popped open, forcing the
squealing beauty's jaws to open achingly wide. Heidi grinned.

	"There! That should make everything nice and tasty once we lower you
into the pit! Don't worry! We've diluted the shit with generous amounts of urine
to make it all gooey and slimy so that it will ooze into every available crack
and orifice. Let's open those eyeballs nice and wide to give them a nice fecal
wash."

	Small hooks attached to a small frame were slipped under Monique's
eyelids. The frame was opened and Monique's eyelids were pulled wide open,
exposing her baby blues beautifully. Heidi regarded her work with satisfaction.

 	"Let's stick in the breathing tubes so you don't drown."

	Rubber corks were smeared with glue and jammed up Monique's nostrils. A
breathing tube was  forced through a hole drilled in the centre of each cork. A
heavy lead collar was clamped around Monique's pale white throat. Monique and
the others were going to last a long time breathing at the bottom of the deep
shitpit. Monique screamed hard as a thick skewer pierced both her tits and heavy
weights were clamped onto either end. Heidi beamed.

	"That's just to make sure that you don't float to the top. We want you
to be true bottom-feeding scumsuckers."

	The other french spies were dealt with similarly. In case they were
having too good a time, Heidi had one last little treat for them.   

	Nurse Heidi went down the line holding a metal bucket. Her gloved hand
dipped into the bucket and rammed a handfull of squirming maggots into each
screaming beauty's cunt. The deep swimming pool, filled with a malodorous
mixture of fecal filth and urine, steamed like the evil, miasmic swamp it was.

	Heidi slapped Monique hard on the rump, leaving the red imprint of her
hand on Monique's smoothly rounded, alabaster assglobe.

	"Remember to breath through the nose!"

	Monique was lowered slowly into the shitpit, a human submarine being
launched on it's first, and last, voyage into a brown, slithering swamp of filth
that eagerly sucked her white nakedness into it's disease-ridden, filthy
embrace. Feculence filled her mouth, bathed her wide open eyeballs, oozed into
her earholes and seeped into her slit. She disappeared, struggling and
shreiking, into the brown fetid slime.

	One by one, each french bitch was lowered, struggling frantically, into
the shitpit. Their writhing, naked bodies disappeared under the brown slime as
the disgusting, stinking ooze filled their orifices, gagging and choking as the
tastebuds on their fully exposed, pretty pink tongues were coated with reeking
manure marinated in piss. After the last struggling, maggot-filled babe had been
buried completely in deep shit, the only sounds were the insane, gibbering
shreiks coming up the breathing tubes.

	Heidi watched as the guards spot welded the soundproof steel door shut.
She put a sign on the door. It had a skull and crossbones on it and warned of
dangerous toxic contamination in French, English, German and Russian.

	"I wonder how long those bitches will rot in there?"

	They all shrugged. No one was waiting around to find out. She went to
visit her good friend Ilsa.

	Chapter 38 - Fire Maidens

	Ilsa had a row of nudes hanging by their ankles from meathooks set in a
track in the ceiling. The deeply frightened beauties were slick with sweat. They
heard the raw screams from the other rooms and had gathered that the medical
facility was being shut down in the most brutal manner possible. They hung
upside down, their slim wrists clamped in tight steel handcuffs fastened to the
back of leather collars. Heidi smiled appreciatively.

	"They all have a crotch gap! They're each the sort of woman that, no
matter how tightly she squeezes her thighs together, her cunt is exposed."

	She knew her friend well and wondered what delight she had in store for
her row of squirming nudes.

	 "That can't be a coincidence. What are you going to do with them?"

	Ilsa grinned and picked up a big spool of fuse cord.

	"I'm going to thread the fuse cord between their crotch gaps so it rests
on their cuntlips."

	Heidi eyed the cans of gasoline. She could see where this was going and
was helpful.

	"Why don't you jam a loop down each one's cunt while you're at it?"

	Ilsa laughed delightedly.

	"I like the way you think!"

	The row of nudes really began to sweat, squeal and squirm as Ilsa and
Heidi set to work. They started with the one on the end, jammed a loop of fuse
cord into her cunt and then threaded the fuse through the crotch gaps of the
rest, jamming a loop in each cunt. Ilsa and Heidi soaked each beauty with a
generous quantity of gasoline.

	Hans poked his head in to see how it was going. Heidi perked up.

	"Hans, why don't you show Ilsa your nice zippo lighter?"

	Ilsa clapped her hands and jumped up and down excitedly like a little
girl.

	"Ooooooo! Goodie! Goodie! Can I see your lighter, Uncle Hans?"

	Hans laughed good naturedly and handed it over. Ilsa flicked it and
applied the good, strong flame to the fuse. As it caught, hissing and sparking,
the gas-soaked sweetmeat went ballistic. They struggled and twisted maniacally,
big tits bouncing and bare buns flexing, moaning and squealing into their gags.
The one on the end stared obsessively at the approaching flame. Her baby blues
bulged as the flame sizzled closer and closer. Her lithe form strained mightily
as she bent and writhed desperately.

	Her eyes were wide as the sparking flame travelled smoothly, eating it's
way along the fuse towards her crotch. The flame touched her cuntlips and she
went up with a whoosh. She squealed like a steam calliope, the writhing, fiery
embodiment of pure agony.

	One by one, the squealing, writhing beauties ignited. Ilsa, Heidi and
Hans watched in fascination. The heat was intense and the smell of cooking cunt
filled the room. Ilsa showed them the concentration camp number freshly tattooed
on her arm.

	"Now that all the witnesses are taken care of, I'll put on some rags and
pretend to be one of the concentration camp survivors."

	Heidi laughed in delight. 	 	"Whose number is it? Anyone I
know?"

	"Ilsa Steinberg, an orphan. She's the third screaming torch from the
left, a real mouthy bitch. No one will miss her! I don't even have to change my
first name!"

	Ilsa, Heidi and Hans listened solemnly to the row of shreiking bitches
roasting alive. By now their gags had burned away and they were producing
powerful, full-throated screams, reflecting the deepest agony a human being can
experience.

	Ilsa turned off the lights and started the motor that drove the track in
the ceiling that the fiery fuckmeat was suspended from. The dangling beauties
were pulled along the circular track in the cavernous room. Ilsa and Heidi held
hands, two bitches from hell bonding beautifully in the light of the flickering
flames. They watched the moving circle of shreiking, frantically writhing nudes,
each sealed in her own see-through sheath of flame. All Nazis loved a good
torchlight parade and this was one of the best. 	

	When the entertainment was over, they laughed and cried and made their
farewells.

	Final Chapter - The Fourth Reich

	"NAZI GOLD! I love the sound of it!"

	Heidi's eyes were wide as she looked excitedly at the love of her life.
Captain Steiner smirked smugly.

	"The war has been very profitable for some of us, Heidi. However, a wise
businessman knows when to get out of the market. The gold and the art treasures
have been safely shipped to South America and it is now time for us to follow
them."

	At his side, Hans and Otto nodded agreement. Hans puffed serenely on his
pipe as the Captain continued.

	"The U-boat is awaiting us. South America is a wonderful place. It has a
beautiful climate and one percent of the population owns ninety-nine percent of
everything. A land of opportunity! You can do anything! As long as you're in the
one percent!"

	Heidi was enthusiastic.

	"Once again, we'll be part of a true Master Race!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Llabmik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





