BDSM Library - Josie




Josie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girl in this small town was raised in a cult, where women were treated as slaves.
                               JOSIE

I guess you could say I was raised in a cult. We lived in a real small town in
the boonies that had it's own rules. No one could have a TV or radio and we used
horses for transportion. The only modern thing was a electric plant run by a
waterfall but that was only for freezer and refrigeration storage so we could be
self sufficient. Almost every man in town worked for Mr Dumas who owned all the
farms. He worked them real hard but noone complained since if they were fired
there would be no place to go and after thirty years he would provide a pension
so they knew they would be taken care of in their old age. Wives were not able
to work since they had to manage the household and make clothing from the wool
and cotton from the farms.Kid's could work after 14.

Womens clothes were really simple. Flour and some supplemental feeds for the
cattle came in cotton sacks with flowere or other patterns. For little girls
holes were just cut in the sack for the head and arms then excess material was
cut from the hem of the skirt to make matching panties. As you grew taller the
top of the sack would be opened and a draw string put in so it could be held up
under your armpits. It was real important to keep your butt coverd because men
could not resist slaping it if they saw it and their callused hands really hurt.
Because of that as you grew there was less material to cut from the hem so the
panties got smaller. Tall girls ended up with just a strap covering the slit of
their pussy and the buttcrack also the top woud have to be lowered so tall girls
had the drawstring barely above their nipples esposing the tops of the breasts
causing embarrassment as men teased them about their growing boobs.Men wore
shirts and pants made from homespun wool to protect them from the brambles and
brush in the woods. Since we lived in the south part of the country we didn't
need coats. We had a doctor kinda, he was a vet who took care of both animals
and people.

There was a definite class structure. Owners of farms and businesses and foremen
wore clothes imported from the city and while we lived in one room shacks with
outhouses they had big homes with indoor plumbing. My Dad dreamed about someday
becoming a foreman so worked really hard for the time a foreman would retire. I
dreamed of marrying one of the rich people sons. This was not likely since the
rich usually married the rich.
 
Naturally in a community so small there was a lot of inbreeding. Mr Dumas
approved of that since he inbred cows to get maximum milk production. In  our
case the people were chosen for strength and beauty. Ugly men were given
vasectomies and ugly women had their fallopian tubes tied. I was glad I was
pretty since the ugly people could only have sex with each other. Occasionally a
baby was born deformed or really ugly from inheriting the bad genes rather than
the good ones. the vet would just kill them and put them in a common grave.

I had been spanked from 5 years old on. The theory was at that age you should
know right from wrong. But there was a double standard. Boys were not spanked
after 11 since their privates could be damaged. Girls and women were punished to
any age. Kids and women carried  a little blackboard around their necks and any
offence got a checkmark for five spanks and anyone could make a check. The worst
part about it was that the punishment was held in the church on Friday nights to
allow you to heal by Monday for school or work. That gave you all week to build
up demerits. For spanking from five to eight years old  you were spanked with a
paddle on your butt, Eight to ten the cane on your butt,ten to fourteen a willow
switch on butt thighs and back. only fifteen to your rear parts next fifteen on
your stomach and over that the switch would hit the tender inner thighs. After
fourteen a leather flogger was used anywhere but your face. To make it even
worse you had to go up on the stage and take off all your clothes for the
punishment. You can better believe I was a good kid. I only had to take five
about a dozen times with the swich.. I think what I hated worse was the
hypocricy. The men in the audience really enjoyed the punishments and I came to
believe the punishments were there more for entertainment than trying to make
people good. Even though I had seen nearly every kid and woman in town naked it
didn't make you feel less embarrassed since you were up there on stage naked
while everyone else was clothed. My brothers were mean. They said they loved to
see my butt redden and quiver and watched me like hawks to reort any offence I
may make.

The town was real strict which was nice in a way. You never had to lock a door
since thievery was a capital offence that brought a flogging in the town square.
I only saw that once and it scared the hell out of me. A woman had been caught
shoplifting from the general store. She swore she was innocent but Mr Dumas who
was both the Mayor and the Judge believed the store owner who said he was sure
he had 12 combs when she came in but only eleven after she left. It only cost a
quarter but the minimum punishment was twenty five lashes. Maximum was a
hundred. Dad told me there was no reason to have more than a hundred because
they could never revive anyone after that and if they were unconscious they
couldn't feel anything.

On a flogging day everyone had to be there so it could be an object lesson. It
was a real ordeal starting at the Mayors office/court house steps. She was
brought out on the courthose steps then her dress and panties were ripped off
her while two men held her arms. She was about nineteen and real pretty with a
nice muscular body brought on by all the manual labor. Only her big round
breasts looked soft.She was too embarrassed to look at her yelling and staring
audience and looked down at the floor while clenching her thighs together to hide
her most private part.

Mr. Daumas would not allow that. He kicked her ankles to force her legs apart
then lifted her face to yell, "So you try to hide from us! You will hide
nothing!"

He began ripping the hair out of her crotch not stopping until it was totally
bald and red. As if that was not bad enough the men holding her pinched and
pulled and twisted her vaginal lips while she screamed and tears ran down her
cheeks.

She was half walked half carried to a horse cart with a pole fastened to the
back of it at a forty five degree angle, Her wrists were buckled to the pole so
high her toes barely touched the ground while boys scurried around picking up
sharp rocks from the road.

The cart slowly began it's journey to the gallows in the town square. When it
started to move it was a signal to begin throwing rocks at her. They couldn't
miss since they were only about five feet from her. When the rocks began to hit
her causing new screams she lifted her legs and twisted in a futile effort to
make them miss but that only caused her to face the crowd at her left and right
side to let them hit directly on her breasts and stomach and crotch. By the time
she got to the gallows blood was dripping from sharp rocks on her butt, breasts,
stomach and crotch.

The men had them stop throwing rocks so they would not be hit as she was led to
the eight foot long six by six inch wide post bolted horizonatally  to the trunk
of a dead tree. There was a rope with manacles coming out of a pulley at the end
of the horizontal post. They buckled her wrists to the rope and lifted her off
her feet. It made her look beautiful that way. Her breasts lifted to eliminate
the tiny sag at the bottom and her waist shunk to show her ribs.

I really felt sorry for her imagining myself in her predicament and thought the
only good thing was that she was to get only twenty-five on her back. More would
have been put on her front as well.

The man chosen to whip her unfurled a whip that looked like a big snake at the
handle then six smaller garter snakes sprouting from the end.

It turned out only one at her shoulders hit the back all the lower ones had the
end of the little snakes curl around her body to leave dark red lines on her
breasts then her stomach then her crotch as she screamed and twisted. I thought
everyone should feel sorry for her but only the women looked sick. Men were
yelling,"Yeah! Make her dance!"

Finally I thought it was over with hardly any white left on her body and blood
oozing from where welts had crossed themselves but then buckets of salt water
was splashed on her to renew the screams. It must have burned awfully judging by
her hoarse screams and twisting.I learned later the object was to disinfect the
cuts but our vet had salves for that.

When she finally hung there in exhaustion people went to her to trace and pinch
the welts with their fingers but she was so tired only the ones on her nippples
and crotch brought a weak reaction of squealing and twistng.

They let her hang there for an hour to let everyone feel her body then she was
taken down and put in a three foot by three foot iron barred cage for the rest
of the day and night. Boys took the oportunity to poke her with sticks so she
got no rest and just howled in anguish. I was ashamed to see my 13 year old
brother joey and his friend right up front poking the sore places on her breasts
and crotch with a pointed branch. That reminded me of his delighted giggles whne
I was punished.

That night It got cold so I went out and put a blanket on her shivering body.
She maoned, "Thank you," then "I didn't steal anything."

That seemed to make it seem even worse since I believed her and realized any of
us could have been whipped like her at the whim of men. The really bad part was
that I was now fourteen and could be whipped like her.

Even then her ordeal didn't end. Her parents kicked her out of their cabin and
she had to live in the woods eating roots and berries like an animal. My
brothers told me that they and their friends had caught her in the woods and
ripped off her clothes and made her kneel so they could pee on her.I said,"How
could you be so cruel?" He said. "We didn't hurt her and she doesn't care. When
we were done she just got up and went to the lake to wash. We watched some guys
make her lie back on a splintery log then whipped her nipples and pussy until
they bled. She didn't try to cover herself even though she was untied  and
didn't fight when they put their dicks in her pussy and ass and even her mouth."

I didn't believe she didn't care. Every once in a while you would see her
running from one bush to another to hide.

Now that I was fourteen Dad said I should get a job. I didn't want to do the
hard work in the fields and loved to read so I went to Mr. Marx at the Christian
book store and asked if I couold work for him. He embarrassed me by his stares
at my body but since he liked me I thought he may hire me.

The store was more of a rental place since only rich people like Mr. Dumas,
storeowners, and foremen could afford to buy. It was only about ten feet square
but it had books from the floor to the ten foot ceiling on shelves. I had
learned to read fast since it was seldom my parents would rent one and it cost
thirty cents a day which was a lot since my Dad only made ten dollars per day.
There were ladders on tracks to get to the upper shelves.

He thoght a moment staring at me with my drawstring barely above my nipples and
the hem showing the start of the curve of my butt then said,"I suppose I could
use some help. The dirt street is getting the books dusty and with you I
wouldn't have to close the store to run errands."

I thanked him then he said, "Since this job will be so much easier than working
in the fields I will expect perfection in your work."

I said, "I will work very hard for you. I know this is better than the fields. I
will do anything to make you happy."

"Good. You know that I have the right to punish you if you fail don't you."

That frightened me but I said, "Yes I know but I won't do anthing to warrant
punishment."

He said, "Good. You may start in the morning at the standard rate of four
dollars per day. Be here at eight AM."

I ran home to tell them the good news. Dad and Mom hugged me and said,"That is
wonderful. We will be able to have meat and eggs more often."

I knew what she meant. We could only afford meat for the Sunday dinner. The rest
of the week we lived on vegetables, wheat things and occasionally  mushrooms and
berries the boys found in the forest.

I was a the store at 7:45 and waited impatiently for him to come and open the
door. He arrived at eight and said he was glad I was on time then took me inside
to explain my duties. He had me get a feather duster and dust the books starting
at the top as far as I could reach from the ladder then work down to the bottom
shelf. I would move the ladder to do the next group until all were dusted. He
stood below me and looked up my dress but I was still short enough to have
panties with the drawstring digging into the center of my butt cheeks so I knew
he couldn't see my private part. Then I dusted the cabinet that held his cash
drawer and the stool behind it finishing with a long table and chairs. Customers
who could not afford to buy or rent a book could read them at the table for ten
cents per hour.

Finally I swept the floor. It was easy work.

I said, "There are so many books. How can you find the one the customer wants."

He took me to a cabinet with a bunch of cards and explained, "The customer will
ask for a book by either the title or author. You look up the name and you will
see numbers. The first number is the shelf it is on and the rest lead you to the
book."

He tested me by saying a title then an author. I noticed both books were on the
top shelf but he was pleased I found them in a short time.
I found his way of letting me know he was pleased was by giving me a hug and
patting my butt.  The tight hug mashed my boobs and when he released me I felt
my nipples peeping over the top of the drawstring. I tucked them back in
blushing while he smiled.

He said, "You work fast and thorough. As a reward you may read in your spare
time."

I was thrilled and asked, "May I look for a book now?"

He said ,"Yes but you have to stop if a customer comes."

I barely opened the drawer of cards when a customer came in. I closed the drawer
in disappointment and went to him. He said, "Hey you are new.Did you get a
helper, Frank?"

Mr Marx said, "Yes. For a while anyway to see if it will work out."

He said, "I think I know her. It is Josie isn't it? She is really filling out."

As he said that he stared at my boobs. He wasn't talking to me I felt like  new
hunting dog Mr Marx owned."

Mr Marx came uo behind me to reach around me to grab my boobs in each hand
saying, "Look at these. It is hard to believe she is only fourteen isn't it."

I stood there bluhing as he kneaded my boobs not knowing what to do.

The customer said, "She is a good girl too. It has been a long time since I have
seen her spanked."

Mr Marx let go of my boobs to lift my skirt saying, "God couldn't have made a
better round, firm spankable butt."

Now I really blushed and also felt a little afraid he may want to demonstrate
how my ass would look spanked.

Thankfully the customer said, "I want to check out that book about Christian
martyrs. I have a bet. George thinks a woman in one of the pictures is being hit
by a switch but I think it is a whip."

Mr Marx said, "I know the one you want. It is called Christian Martyrs Through
The Ages.  Get it for him Josie."

I looked it up and started up the ladder since it was on the top shelf. They
both stood at the bottom of the ladder to look up my dress. I had to stretch to
reach it making me stick out one leg as a counter balance. The customer let out
a little moan and I realized my stretch had lifted my skirt to make me blush
again.

As the customer counted out thirty cents he said,"I think she will help your
business."

Mr Marx said, "I hope so."

I hped to be able to read abit but Mr Marx said, "Even after sweeping the floor
looks dirty. Get a bucket of water and the scrub brush in the back room and
scrub it. I got on my hands and knees to scrub the plank floor. The water ran
into the cracks so I wouldn't have to mop it up. He seemed to enjoy watching me
on my hands and knees scrubbing probably because it made the hem of my skirt
climb up my butt.

I had barely finished when the customer came back with two men waving a dollar
bill and crowing, "I won!"

"One of the men grumbled, "I am not convinced but John agreed with him. What do
you think Frank?"

He laid the open book on the table. There was a large picture of a woman
crucified like Jesus. There were big welts on her body and a man was holding a
whip that had crossed her nipple and sunk into her armpit. She had a look of
agony on her face,"

Frank studied the picture then said,"It is a whip. They used hardwoods like ash
for switches in those days and it wouldn't curl into her armpit like that.Looks
like she isn't having a good time. Huh?"

They laughed. I could barely believe they found that funny. The picture made me
feel sick.

The customer said I only had the book for twenty minutes. Can I get some money
back?"

Mr. Marx said "No but you can read for thirty minutes at no extra charge."

The customer said,"I have this book memorized. Josie, put it back and bring me
"Roman Orgies."

I went to the card cabinet but Mr. Marx said, "One thing at a time."

I climbed the ladder as they gathered around the bottom to put back the book
then came down to find the other book which was also on the top shelf.

I followed him to the table and he flipped the book open showing a nude woman
with two men who had their dicks stuck in her mouth and pussy.
He said,"Ever try this Josie?"

I said "No!" horrified and backed away."

He just laughed and said,"You will someday."

Mr Marx said,"Lay off her,Tom. She is still a virgin. You are still a virgin
aren't you Josie?"

I said, "Yes." but I wasn't sure. I had found out when I was eleven that it felt
good to put my fingers in my pussy. One night I got carried away and felt a
ripping sensation that bled a little. Mom had told me that virgins had a thin
piece of skin called a hymen that tore the first time a girl had sex. I may
have torn my hymen.

They gathered around the book until Mr Marx said,"You know the rules. One man to
a book."

They grumbled but dug up dimes and had me get two other books also on the top
shelf called Chinese Tortures and Middle East Torture."

When the Chinese book was flipped open I saw a nude asian woman with ropes
wrapped around her hanging from a beam by her hair.

I didn't see the other book and didn't want to.

I noticed that they turned the pages with one hand while rubbing their crotches
with the other. I didn't understand why looking at pictures would make their
crotches itch.

They would only look for a few minutes then send me up the ladder for another
book getting up from their chairs to stand under the ladder.

In a few days the store began to fill up with men I said shyly, "I think I have
helped your business."

"Yes but too many of them are just standing around waiting for you to climb the
ladder without spending any money."

I said, "Maybe you could start selling coffee and those that aren't reading or
drinking would have to leave."

He thought it was a great idea and it was. Now there were only paying customers.
He was so happy he gave me a fifty cent per day raise in pay.
My folks were really happy. I was now making almost as much money as Dad with
much less work. I was ashamed to tell them that I was getting customers by
letting them look up my dress. Actually I had overcome the shame and now njoyed
their compliments about my thighs and nice round butt.

Then business began to lessen. Mr Marx stopped a man who had only spent ten
cents and said, "Why are you leaving so soon."

He said, "I am tired of just seeing Josie's legs and panties. "You should get
her a more revealing uniform."

Mr Marx said, "You may be right. I will think about it."

That worried me. I was now used to showing my panties but wasn't ready to show
more."

end part one




                        JOSIE PART TWO.

A few days later Mr Marx said he was going into town for some more books and
things. He told me to run the business making sure I kept track of every penney
that was spent.

I really felt important running a business just like it was my own. I hoped I
would make a lot of money.

It turned out I did. With Mr Marx gone the men got bolder. At first they just
offered to hold my legs to keep me from falling from the ladder. I couldn't
refuse without looking ungrateful but their hands so close to my crotch made me
blush and get nervous. Then when I got close to one to give him a book he
reached under my dress and fondled my butt. I blushed and moved away but that
little protest just encouraged the others and soon they had all fondled me.

I guess I got used to it because I no longer moved away right away but let them
fondle for a longer time. It was embarrassing yet it felt good.

Mr Marx was there when I came to work the next day. The first thing he did was
count the money in the drawer. He said, "Not bad. At least business stayed
nearly the same."

I said, "Yes but they only stayed so they could feel my bottom. It was really
embarrassing."

"They didn't hurt you did they?"

"Well no but it was embarrassing."

"I don't care as long as they didn't hurt you. If they want to hurt you it will
cost them."

That scared me. I said,"You mean you would let them hurt me if they paid for
it?"

"Nothing serious. Maybe a little spanking. I couldn't blame them if they wanted
to spank your cute bottom."

"But that would be selling my body. Wouldn't that make me a whore?"

"No. Whores sell sex. Spanking doesn't count. I got yoour uniform. Come into the
back room and I'll show it to you."

I followed him and he pointed out a box on the table which I opened. I had never
seen anything like it. It was a bright red color on a shiny material that was so
soft I took it out to rub it on my cheek. I said, "I have never seen anything so
pretty and soft."

"I am glad you like it. It is silk and cost a lot more than cotton. Try it on."

I hesitated to see if he would leave but he just sat down on a chair.I loosened
the drawstring and let my dress slip to the floor then reached into the box. He
said, "The uniform comes with matching panties. Take those off."

I blushed but loosened the drawstring to let them fall too. He rpomptly got up
and went to the box to take out a little silk triangle with strings hanging on
it. He said you have never had panties like these I will put them on for you."

He tied strings together at my back to hold up the big part of the triangle then
reached between my legs to grab the other string attached to the point and
pulled it up into my butt crack. I gasped at the sensation of the string
tightening against my butt hole.

He stepped back to look at it and I pulled my breasts apart so I could see. The
triangle was so small I could see my crotch hair peeping around it. I blushed
and said,"It is too small. I can see my hair."

He said, "Yes I will have to fix that. Take it off."

I took it off grateful he was going to get something bigger but he came back
carrying a straight razor like my Dad's.

He said, "Get up on the table. I am going to take off that hair."

I sat on it but he pushed me down on my back and spread my legs. Unlike my Dad
he didn't bother with soap and just began scraping the razor on my crotch. I
froze afraid my slightest movement may make him cut me.Sometimes a hair would
catch to pull out rather than be cut but I resisted moving at the pain afraid I
may be cut.No-one had touched mr "down there" except me and even I had never
moved the lips around like he did to get every hair. I blushed all down my front
but he took his time and I began getting the feelings I had when I touched it.
He grinned and said,"You are grown up. You are getting wet."

That just embarrassed me more. He helped me up and took me to a mirror on the
wall saying, "Now no hair will show."

He had made it totally bald. I sobbed,"I liked the hair. It made me feel grown
up. Now I look like I did when I was seven."

He said, "It is better for you to look young. Now let's put the panty back on."

He tightened the butt crack string to make the point tickle my butt hole causing
me to gasp. He handed me the "Skirt" it was just a strip of the soft cloth with
a drawstring. It was not long enough to reach clear around me so I settled with
the gap at my right hip. It wasn't wide enough either. I had to pull it down to
hide as much as I could compromising with just the top of my buttcrack showing
and the bottom curve of my butt.

The top was not big enough either. It left a gap between my boobs almost to the
nipples and even pulled down so a little pink showed the bottom curve of my
breasts were exposed.

I said,"I can't wear this. I am almost naked."

He said,"It is perfect and you will wear it if you want to keep this job,"

I let out a little sob knowing I couldn't quit. My whole family needed my
salary.

There was a knock on the door and he told me to go let the customer in.

As soon as he saw me his eyes widened and he said,"I love the new uniform. This
is more like it."

Mr Marx just grinned. Neither of them cared I was blushing and couldn't look at
them."

Soon other men came in and I was sent up the ladder. It was worse now because I
knew they could see my bare bottom and even my boobs that had been hidden by the
dress.

The other thing was since there was just flaps they could fondle them on bare
skin. In spite of my embarrassment I felt excitement.

That left suddenly when one of them slapped my butt. Hard! I yelped in pain and
Mr. Marx said, "Stop that! No spanking."

I was about to thank him while rubbing my smarting butt cheek when he added, If
anybody wants to spank Josie it will cost him a nickel a spank."

I didn't like the way this was going but fortunately a man grumbled, "Damn
Frank. You know it is close to payday. We can't afford that."

Frank said, "Waiting will make it better for you."

There was more grumbling but things went back to normal until closing.

As one man went out he stopped to say, "Frank the pictures are good but it would
be worth a lot more if a good looking real girl like Josie was bound like in the
pictures."

Mr Marx said,"I'll think about it."

That really scared me. I had seen a lot of the pictures at the least they looked
uncomfortable and some looked painful. Then I remembered something.

I said, "Mr Marx do you remember Edie. The girl that was whipped?"

"I sure do, she is beautiful. I haven't seen her since the whipping."

"Someone took her clothes and she has been hiding in the woods. My brothers say
she will do anything. She is prettier than me and she would pose for you in
exchange for a place to stay and a little food."

"Good idea. I could have a side show. Since the backroom won't hold everybody I
could have three half hour shows."

I said, "What is a sideshow?"

"Oh yeah, You have never seen one.They are little shows in a tent where men pay
to see naked women dance or other things."

I said,"I guess this would be an other thing."

"Yeah a great thing. Okay. Tomorrow the store is closed for Sabbath. If you can
find her and get her here we will use her instead of you. I will bring her a
mattress to sleep on in the back room. Bring her after dark tomorrow so I can
keep her as a surprize. If you don't get her I will be very unhappy with you."

The next morning I got one of my dresses and began searching for her. I felt a
little guilty finding someone to take my place but I thought better her than me
and posing would be better than being pissed on. I searched all day and was
about to give up when I saw her blonde hair above a bush. I yelled, "Edie. It is
me, Josie. Remember I gave you a blanket when you were whipped."

She raised her head above the bush and said,"Oh I remember you. You were
the only one that was kind to me. What do you want?"

"I brought you a dress it is getting cold at night."

She ran over to me and took the dress to slide over her head. There were
scratches on her body from the bushes and brambles but she still looked good.
She had lost some weight but that just made her waist smaller to make her boobs
and butt look bigger.

When the dress was on it barely covered her pussy but she was happy saying,"How
can I thank you. I shiver all night."

I said,"I may be able to help you. My boss will let you sleep in the backroom of
his store on a mattress and give you some food if you will do him a favor."

She said delighted,"A real mattress? The ground is so hard and cold. I'll do
it."

I said, "You don't know what he wants?"

"I don't care. Nothing can be as bad as my whipping and what men have made me do
since then."

"Well I'll tell you anyway. In my boss's bookstore there are pictures of naked
women tied up and even crucified. His customers want to see the real thing."

She shrugged and said, "That is okay everyone has seen me naked anyway."

Since we were now semi-rich I had brought some meat sandwiches and a couple of
apples.I said, We have some time to kill. We have to wait till dark to sneak you
into town. I have some food."

She said, "Oh yes I would never go to town when someone may see me. You would
not believe what men and boys have forced me to do when they caught me."

I had an idea from what my brothers had told me. I gave her a sandwich and she
wolfed it down so I gave her mine then both apples. She sighed and said, "This
is the first time my tummy has been full for weeks."

I said,"My boss has money so he should feed you well."

"Oh that will be wonderful."

We had some time to kill so I asked, "What kind of things would the men make you
do."

"The least was to fuck me or make me suck their dicks until their slimy sperm
spurted in my mouth or on my face."

Living around cattle I knew what fucking was and once my brothers had told me
that if I got naked they would show me the stuff their bodies made to make
babies. I did and they rubbed their cocks until slimy white stuff shot out.

I said,"That must have been humiliating.What does sperm taste like."

"Just like it looks. Snot."

"What else did they do?"

Well some boys made me kneel then peed on me and worse some other boys tied me
to a tree and threw dog shit on me until I stunk so bad I threw up."

I knew my own brothers had peed on her.

"Has anyone hurt you?"

"Oh yes but the worst was when I was cheated."

"What do you mean?"

Three men caught me and made me kneel and push out my breasts for them to hit
them with a switch twenty times. They said if I didn't keep my breasts pushed
out they would switch my pussy forty times. It hurt just awful especially since
most of the spanks were on my sensitive nipples. It took all my courage to keep
them pushed out but I did it. I was so relieved when it was over but then two of
them grabbed my legs to pull them apart and hold me upside down while the other
switched my poor pussy until it bled. It hurt so bad I would have fainted if I
hadn't been upside down with my blood pulsing in my head."

"That sounds awful!"

"It was. My poor pussy was purple and swollen and I picked sabs off of it for
days."

By then it was dark so we sneaked into town in back alleys to the store.
End part 2




                            JOSIE 3

Mr Marx was waiting for us and let us in to go back to the back room.

Edie saw the mattress in the corner and rushed over to lie on it. She said, "Oh
it is nice and soft."

Mr. Marx said, "There is a blanket and pillow too."

He handed them to her and she put her head on the pillow and pulled the blanket
over her. She said,"Oh this is wonderful. I will love it here."

Mr. Marx said," I am not sure you will be staying. You don't look as good as the
last time I saw you."

Edie jumped up and said,"Please let me stay. I will do anything to make you
happy."

Mr Marx said, Maybe but Josie looks better. Take off the dress."

She rushed to get it off then stood there posing with her breasts pushed out and
her tummy sucked in to look her best.

He went to her nd felt her breasts and pussy and butt then said, "She has a nice
body.I love the big firm tits and ass. Clean her up and I will be back in about
an hour. Oh yeah shave that big bush of hair off her pussy so I can see it."

I got some soap and rags then went out to the rain barrel for water. The sun had
warmed it so it was lukewarm. I washed her whole body including her face and
hair while she stood there patiently with a smile on her face. Finally I rinsed
her off. It made all the difference in the world. Now she looked young and
pretty again. While I combed her hair removing a lot of weed seeds and things
she said,"Thank you. It feels wonderful to be clean.I used to wash in the lake
but men would catch me there."

"Yes now lie back on the table. I have to shave your crotch."

She did opening her legs for me. I was real careful but once in a while the
razor would catch and release letting me know hair was pulled out. Her only
reaction was a little intake of air. When every hair was gone even the ones
around her little puckered butt hole I helped her up and led her to the mirror.
When she saw her bald pussy she let out a little sob.

"I said, "I know. I miss my hair too it made me feel grown up."

She said,"It isn't that. My thick bush padded my pussy. Now it will hurt a lot
more."

I realized that was true and tried to console her by saying,"I don't think they
will hit it. They just want to look."

She said doubtfully, "I hope you are right."

Mr. Marx returned a few minutes later. He looked at her and said, "Yes that is
much better. You will do anything I want. Right?"

"Yes sir."

"Good. Get on your knees and come over here and suck my cock."

She made no protest. She got on her knees and moved to him with her breasts
swaying. She untied his drawstring and pulled his pants down to his ankles.

I was amazed. I didn't know cocks got that big. It was more than twice as big as
my brother's. She stuck out her tongue and licked his balls then the shaft and
then swirled it around the head making him groan. She took it into her mouth and
I saw her tongue swirling around it as she took it in deeper. She kept letting
it in deeper as her cheeks collapsed in sucking. Her nose finally was buried in
his crotch hair.I couln't understand why she was not choking since I knew the
head had to be in her throat. Then she began moving her head back and forward
licking and sucking while he groaned and made faces. Sometimes it looked like
she was hurting him from his grimaces but he didn't complain.Suddenly he made a
face and let out a load groan as he grabbed her head to jam her face into his
crotch. I saw her breasts heave and knew he was choking her but in a few seconds
he let her go then held his dick on front of her lips and began milking it. She
knew what to do. She stuck out her tongue to lick the remaining drops of his
sperm from the head of his dick.

He said,"You are a great cocksucker."

He may have meant it as a compliment but she blushed and looked at the floor in
shame."

He said "Josie, Take off the dress and panties. You will not believe what she
can do with her tongue."

Edie looked up and said,"I have never done that with a girl."

I said, "We can't that is homosexuality and the preacher said it was a sin."

"No it isn't a sin if you are forced to do it. Now get those clothes off. Now!"

In alarm I stripped quickly and Edie walked to me on her knees and stuck out her
tongue to swirl it on the little nubbin I rubbed at night.I gasped at the
incredible feeling so much better than my finger.She alternated between swirls
on the nubbin and sticking her tongue in deep then nodding her head. The
incredible sensations made me quiver in excitement then Mr. Marx came behind me
to reach around to pull and pinch my nipples. That just added excitement to make
me pant as orgasms grew stronger and stronger.Like Mr Marx I grabbed her head
and drove her tongue deep inside me. Suddenly I felt weak and pushed her head
away to stand there shaking and panting for breath.

Mr. Marx grinned and said, "Maybe you are homosexual. You sure enjoyed the pussy
licking."

I sobbed,"Don't say that. I am not a sinner."

"Maybe not. Beg me to fuck you and I will know you prefer men."

I wasn't sure his big cock would fit in my pussy but I begged, Please fuck me. I
want you to do it."

"Allright. To be sure you can do the fucking."

He went to the mattress and laid on his back holding his semi-hard dick straight
up with his hand. When I went to him he told me to lick his cock to make it real
hard. I knelt and leaned over to lick his cock remembering to swirl my tongue on
the head as Edie had done. Edie had made him clean so there was no taste. Soon
it was so hard it was throbbing and Mr.Marx told me to sit on it. Actually it
was better to be on top because I could put it in slowly. It stretched my pussy
but with my spit on it and my wet pussy from Edie it slid in fairly easily.As my
pussy touched his balls I could feel my insides move to make room for it.

He reached up to grab my ipples and used them to make me lift up and twist soon
we were both breathing hard and I am sure I was making faces like him. Suddenly
just as I was having my first orgasm he grunted and jerked me down on him by my
nipples. Then he sighed. I leaned back and felt his dick soften then slip out of
me.

He said,"Did you like that?"

I said honestly, "Yes. It was wonderful."

"Good. You are not homosexual."

I had mixed feelings. I was glad he didn't think I was homosexual but I knew
fucking someone other than my husband made me a slut.

The next day he had me run the store While he and Edie "Made some things" in the
back room. There weren't many customers since during the week only retired men
who weren't working would come in. We only got working men after five or on
Saturday afternoons. I let them fondle me to keep them there but they could only
nurse a cup of coffee so long and they began to leave. Then there was only one
old man about sixty years old. I asked him if he wanted another cup of coffee
and he said,"I only have one dime left. If you will make it a penney a spank
I'll give you the dime. Just hand spanks."

I felt I deserved a spanking for my slutty behavior the night before and his
hands were no longer callused so I said,"I will ask Mr. Marx."

I went in to the back room to see ropes and chains hanging from the ceiling
joists and other ropes bolted to the floor and walls. Edie was naked and was
staring at the ropes with a strange fascinated look on her face.

I said,"We only have one customer and he wants to give me ten spanks for his
last dime. Should I let him?"

"Yeah but tell him it is a one time deal. You will have to do it out there so
lock the door."

I went back and told him. He gave me the dime which I put in the cash drawer as
he moved his chair away from the table. I went back to him and laid over his
knees. He said, "No. You know you have to be spanked naked."

I said,"My buns are bare you just have to lift the skirt."

"I don't care. I want all of you bare."

I got up from his knees and took off he little silk skirt and top.I stood there
a moment not wanting to show my hairless pussy but he said, "The panty thing
too."

I took it off blushing then blushed more when he said,"That is one sweet tight
pussy."

I went to him anxious to lie over his legs to hide it but he said, "Wait."

He stood up to loosen his drawstring to let his pants fall to his ankles showing
a gnarly semi-hard cock surrounded by grey hair. He fondled my bald pussy with
his left hand while rubbing his dick with he right until it was hard then said,
"Straddle my legs. I want to hit your butt with both hands."

I thought it would be over twice as fast that way so I straddled his open legs.

He pulled me closer to him so the head of his dick was pressing against my slit
then he began hitting me. The first spank made me jump forward abd I felt the
head of his dick part my lips. Each spasnk drove it deeper and I found the
feeling of his dick stretching my pussy while my ass was stung was really
exciting. He hit me a lot more times than ten but I din't care since each sting
and thrust brought me closer to orgasm. He lasted long enough to give me two
great orgasms 

When his soft dick slid out of me he cackled and said,"That was great! I can
hardly wait to tell the fellas."

That started a precedent. From then on I kew that was the way I would get all
hand spankings.They excited me so much I suggested Mr. Marx leave the price at a
penney.

I went to the back room and told him the last customer had left because they
were out of money. He said "Okay. Close the store and you can help Edie make
whips and things."

I looked around and saw Edie naked and braiding a whip. When I had put up the
closed sign he had me go out and cut willow switches in varying lengths from six
feet long to three feet. I brought them in and he said "Take off your clothes it
excites me to see naked girls make things that will hurt them. Strip off the
leaves and twigs and put them in the water barrel to keep them flexible."

He wagched us braiding whips of different lengths, and cutting straps of
different lengtha and widths  from a big piece of leather. Each one frightened
me but Edie had a dreamy look on her face.When we ran out of leather he said,
"Now we will test them."

He had us face the wall then pulled up our wrists to buckle them into sheep
hobbles. He would show us an instrument then hit us with it. I would cringe at a
"Slap" ad Edie's moan knowing it would hit me next.He started with smaller
things working up to what he called a "Cat O Nine tails.

By the time he finished we were both crying hysterically with every inch of our
backs,butt and thighs reddened and welted.

He let us calm down then had us grade the things depending on how bad they hurt.
It was easy to pick the "Cat" as the worst but other things hurt equally bad. He
would hold up something and we would grade it then he would put a tag on it with
a price. The cat cost a dollar with other things less all the way down to a
nickel. Once Edie and I argued about whether a long switch or a snake like whip
was worse. That was a mistake because he had us bend over and hit us again with
both of them. To me they werre equally bad but Edie said the switch cut deeper
so I agreed not wanting another test.

The next day was payday. Mr.Marx put a sign on the door of the back room. It
said,
                SHOW TIME 3:00 PM
               
                A VIRGIN CRUCIFIED"

Below that he had made a stick figure with it's arms outstretched and just
circles for the head and breasts and a line at the crotch to depict her tight
pussy.

He told me to make sure everyone saw the sign. It hurt the morning business
because usually a man would read the sign then leave presumably to spread the
word.

Business began picking up about noon. I was sent up the ladder to get books.
They opened them to pages showing women hanging by their wrists from crosses or
tree limbs.

I told Mr. Marx that more than one man was looking at a book but he said,"That
is okay. This is advertising to make them interested."

I was called over for two men to fondle me giving me a chance for a close look
at the picture. The woman had her mouth open obviously screaming in pain and
then I noticed whip marks on her body. That was when I realized Edie would not
only suffer the pain of the bondage but additional pain from whips.

Mr Marx came over to the men gathered around the table excitedly pointing out
lash marks to her breasts and crotch and said, "We will have a show every two
days to allow the girls to heal. You can pick out the next pose with the most
votes making it next."

That sent me up the ladder to get more books. They began arguing about the next
pose. Mr Marx said, "No reason to argue men. There will be a different pose at
every show. You will all see your favorite eventually."

I went to him and said,"You said girls. I got Edie for you. I thought she would
be the one for shows."

He said, "Don't worry. Edie has bigger breasts than you, she will no doubt be
chosen unless they want variety. If you are chosen you will share in the
admissions. Not every show will involve pain."

I was frightened and more money meant nothing to me. He sent me back to the
table to be fondled and I became more frightened as they cackled over the
pictures. I found crucifixion was one of the lesser things. Other pictures
showed girls suspended by ropes tied around the bases of their tits causing them
to balloon and be purple. Others had girls suspended by hooks imbedded in their
skin, and some had the girl hung by outstretched legs while a man hit their
gaping pussy with sticks or whips.

I began to cry at the prospects and one man said,"Don't worry honey. We won't
maim you."

That was little consolation. I could suffer a lot before being maimed.

Then it was three oclock. Mr Marx had gone in about fifteen minutes earlier. He
stuck his head out the door to tell me to take admissions. I stood at the door
and collected quarters. It was a success all 12 men who were in the store went
in the back room. I followed the last one in after putting the closed sign at
the entrance.

 Edie was hanging looking a lot like the Jesus pictures Rxcept Mr. Marx had not
botherd to make a cross she was just hanging by the sheep hobbles from ceiling
beams at arm length. It was obviously hurting her shoulders by her moans and
little twists. Like Jesus her stomach was concave and her ribs and hipbones
showed. The tiny waist made her uplifted breasts seem bigger.

Mr Marx waved to the wall holding the whips and things and said,"Gentlemen
choose your instrument."

They all rushed over to the wall of whips but only six of them chose something.
She was lucky in that they all chose the cheaper things that didn't hurt as much
but that made it possible to buy more strokes.

They would bring their strap or switch over to me and give me money then I would
announce the number of lashes they had purchased.

She got thirty lashes and all were to the sensitive places of her breasts and
pussy. She was real brave only gasping until toward the end when she cried. Mr
Marx let them feel and pinch the welts for the last five minutes of the show
causing sobs and squeals.

The next morning to my surprise her body had returned to nearly normal with only
a few bruises around her nipples and pussy. She would have all day and night and
the next morning to heal which I thought should erase all the marks.

Mr Marx decided she should have a costume too but he didn't have any more of the
pretty material in my costume. He took material from mine and threaded
drawstrings, When he was done we just had red silk straps covering our breasts
and pussies leaving the back bare. He even took my panty thing. I felt bad. It
wasn't much but it was something.

He had us go to the front room to greet customers. We were busy for awhile
climbing the ladder for books and serving coffee then everybody had something so
we just stood by the table being fondled. We may as well been naked since they
lifted the flaps to look as well as touch but at least it didn't hurt.

I saw Mr.Marx put a note on the back room door and went to look at it.It said,

                 TODAYS SHOW. A GANG RAPE OF VIRGINS.
                 PARTICIPANTS ONE DOLLAR,
                 OBSERVERS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS


I went to Mr. Marx and said, "You said there would only be a show every two
days."

"Yeah but this is a request from customers that won't hurt you. Pain shows will
be on alternate days."

I said,"But we aren't virgins."

"That's okay it just looks better on the sign. Would you rather I said rape of
sluts?"

"I blushed and said "No."

Mr Marx pointed out the sign to the customers and they went over to read it.
They began giving him money I saw the dollar customers got red tickets and
observers got green ones. The men with red tickets were the same ones that had
bought lashes so I was sure some pain would be involved.

At ten to three he brought us to the back room and took off our costumes then
tied our wrists behind our backs.

When he left I whimpered,"Edie I am so scared."

She said,"Don't be. Fucking is a lot better than whipping. You may even like
it."

At three they began coming in with the red tickets being waved proudly. It was
awful. They made us feel bad by calling us sluts and pigs and whores and were
real rough driving their dicks into our pussies and asses with no lubrication. I
was fucked in the ass while sucking another one and even once I had a dick in my
pussy, my ass, and mouth all at the same time. I have to admit after they had
cum in my pussy and ass to lubricate thenm it began to feel good in spite of the
random slaps on our ass or boobs. It went on for more than the half-hour. He let
them fuck and be sucked until none of them could get hard.

Mr Marx was wrong about not being hurt I could barely walk home since my pussy
and ass hurt so much.

end part 3




                      JOSIE 4

The next day both of us were in the front room getting coffee and books while
beig fondled. While on the ladder looking for a book I noticed Mr. Marx picking
up slips of paper from the men.

When I came down I asked Edie what they were doing. She said,"They are voting on
the next pose and which of us will do it."

They had really loved whipping Edie so I was pretty sure she would be picked.

About a half hour later Edie came to me grinning and said,"Guess what."

"What?"

"They chose you for the pose."

I was shocked and also angry at Edie. I said,"Why does that make you so damn
happy. You know they will hurt me."

She grinned and said, "Silly I am glad it is you and not me. I saw you watching
me get whipped. You looked excited."

I denied it but I wasn't really sure.

In a little while Mr. Marx put a note on the door. I stayed away for awhile
afraid of what I may see but morbid curiosity finally made me read it.

                   SlUT HUNG BY HER TITS FOR
                   THE WHIPPING SHE DESERVES.

There was the usual stick figure with rope around the breast circles leading up
above the head. The toes were pointing down as if trying to touch the floor and
a line at the crotch leaving no doubt I would be naked. I began to cry
remembering the picture of the poor woman in a picture hung thar way with tits
like balloons ready to burst. I went to Mr. Marx and blubbered, "This is too
much. I quit. I don't care about the money."

He said nastily, "All right I will keep all the money but you will do it. If you
don't I will tell Mr. Dumas you stole five dollars from me."

I blanched remembering Edies whipping for only twelve cents. He watched me cry
for a moment then said,"Well?"

I had no choice I knrw Mr. Dumas would believe him. I sobbed, "I'll do it."

He sent me back to the table. A man pulled the bow on my top and jerked it off
me to put it between his butt and the chair cackling in glee. I tried to get it
back but Mr Marx yelled,"Josie! Settle down."

I gave up and now I was topless. A man came up behind me and grabbed my boobs to
squeeze them so hard the skin tightened. He laughed and said,"This is how they
will look."

I began to cry but they didn't care if anything my tears encouraged them to
pinch and pull on my breasts. A man pinched my nipples hard. I yelled."Ow! that
hurts!"  but he just laughed and said "They are going to be hurting a lot more
once you are hung up."

That made me bawl but they didn't care and kept pinching even driving their
fingernails into my poor nipples.

About ten to three Mr. Marx led me to the back room. He had me pull my breast
forward by the nipple then made several wraps around the base with rough thick
twine used for hay bales. I looked down to see the skin had tightened as my
breast ballooned until you could see veins in the skin. He did the other one
then tied the ends of the twine together.Then he tied my weists together at my
back and tied my elbows together to force out my chest. He took me to the center
of the room and pulled down a hook attached to a rope going through a pulley in
the ceiling. He put the hook in the twine then went to the back wall to pull the
hook up snug then tied the end to a cleat in the wall.

That pulled my breasts nearly up to my throat. I could feel the skin pull at my
chest and armpits. I looked down to see my balloons were turning red. It didn't
really hurt. They just throbbed under the tension.

I heard the clink of coins dropping into a tin can and knew Edie was collecting
money for admission. The door opened and men began filing in staring and making
comments about my swollen breasts.

When everyone was in Mr. Marx began to slowly tighten the rope. My breasts rose
and began to throb horribly as I went to my toes to relieve the tension. No
matter how I stretched my toes finally left the floor. My boobs took on a maroon
color and throbbed awfully. I was sure they may burst since the skin was as
tight as it could get. I found my slightest movement caused more pain and
throbbing so I hung there as quietly as I could taking small breaths of air.

A man came to me and pushed on my hip to make me swing sideways. That caused
even more pressure to one breast then the other. I screamed knowing surely one
would burst under the terrible pressure.

While I was still swinging slightly Mr Marx pointed to the wall of whips. Some
men went to the wall and dropped coins into Edie's cup.   she would call out
numbers from two to six.

A man came to me and hit my right breast with a srap. It was so tight the strap
bounced from it but the pain was horrendous making me jump to cause even more
pain. They hit them with straps and switches but soon they became nunb so I only
felt impacts and throbbing. I guess they noticed I was not reacting he same as
the first so they changed their target to my pussy. That hurt so bad I jerked
even though that caused more torture to my breasts.

Finally they ran out of money or interest and began leaving, I heard through a
fog a man saying,"Now her pussy is almost as swollen and purple as her tits."

Mr. Marx began letting me down, I was too weak to stand so ended up on my knees.
The knot had become so tight he had to cut the twine with a knife. I expected
relief when the twine was unwound but instead it was as if the pain of the
whipping had been stored in my tortured breasts to be released as the pressure
came off. I felt pain and tingling and throbbing all at the same time. when my
arms were cut loose I caressed my poor tits but at first that seemed to make it
hurt more and I cried until gradually it subsided enough for me to crawl to the
mattress. As the pain in my breasts subsided the pain to my pussy increased I
laid on my back caressing my breasts and pussy until I went to sleep in
exhaustion.. 

I awoke in the morning in the arms of Edie. My tits felt greasy. As I touched
them Edie woke uo and said that she had run to the vet to get some salve for
pain he used on the animals. I thanked her and told her it was better although
still throbbing a little.

Mr. Marx came in and rolled me on my back to look at me. He said, "You are
bruised which is no surprise but you will be all right. If you had not
threatened to quit I would not have let them hit you so hard. You won't try to
quit again will you?"

I sobbed,"No."

Ke said"Good. The bruises are ugly so I will put off todays show until tomorrow
to give you time to heal."

I thanked him and he left to open the store.

Edie said, "He lied. He couldn't control the men. He couldn't even stop them
from tking extra lashes."

 In a few minutes he came back in for Edie and told me to put on some more
salve. I did then went back to sleep.

I awoke the next morning with Edie breathing gently next to me.When I moved she
awoke and said "Josie. Everyday it is getting worse. Yesterday the men brought
what they called toys with them. Their toys were clothespins, clamps and needles
and pins. They put clothespins and clamps on my nipples and pussy then stuck
pins into my nipples and pussy. I was in pain all day. We have to escape from
here somehow."

I agreed but neither of us could think of a way since they would find us
eventually in the woods and would catch us before we could get to the town Mr.
Marx went to for books.

Mr Marx came in and told us to clean up and come out front. We got water from
the barrel to wash each other. Edie had drops of dried blood on her nipples and
breasts and pussy but when I washed them off there were just small red places
like insect bites where the pins were put in.

When we were both clean we brushed each other's hair and went out wearing our
little flaps of silk.

Mr Marx was at the cash cabinet working on a paper I assumed was a new show
notice.

When he finished it he stuck it to the back door. It said.

                           TODAY'S SHOW.
                           LESBIAN LUST.

Below that were stick figures with the heads over each other's crotches.He had
decided to be more fancy. The heads had eyes and tongues that were partly in the
ovals he had made to depict pussies.

I said,"Why would they pay to see that? I would not give a penney to see two men
making love."

"Men are different than women. They will love it."

Edie said hopefully, "Is that it. Just Josie and I making love?"

"Well no. Naturally you will have to be punished for your lewd act but they are
pretty poor now after the nickles and dimes they spent putting their toys on
Edie so it shouldn't amount to much."

I thought the men would be repulsed by my bruises but actually they were
fascinated by them and rubbed and poked them.

Just before three Mr. Marx took us to the back room. He told us to take our time
to make it last the whole half hour. He said we should take off each others
costumes then kiss with tongues then nibble each others nipples and tummies
before going to the last act of licking rach other's pussies.

When the men were inside I took off Edies top then licked and kissed her
nipples. She did the same with me which felt nice. She turned her back and I
pulled the bow of the bottom then kissed and licked her buut cheeks. She did the
same for me then she had me lie on my back on the matress and crawled behind me
to lean over to kiss and tongue my mouth then she slid lowere to kiss and nibble
my nipples. Her boobs were right over my face so I licked hers. It felt good and
Mr. Marx was right. The men loved it and began chanting "Lower, lower."

She kissed all of my tummy as I did hers then her tongue went into my pussy. It
felt wonderful and I tried to do as well for her feeling excitement rising.

Then Disaster happened, "I heard someone Yelling"Shame! Shame."
I looked over at the door and saw the preacher and his wife with their faces red
with anger.

We jumped up and the preacher said, "Take these harlots to jail."

We tried to tell them Mr Marx had forced us to do it but any time we tried to
speak they would slap our faces and yell, "Shut up Whore!"

They dragged us to the courthouse naked while boys and men followed occasionally
one would run up and slap our butts then run away giggling.

We were in jail all day and night while people looked in the barred window and
stared at us huddled in corners calling us names.

At court we said Mr. Marx made us do it but Mr. Marx said, "That isn't true
Judge. They did it for money."

The Judge's face reddened in anger and he yelled,"They are both lesbians and
whores. Seventy-five lashes."

To add insult to injury he said,""I don't blame you Mr. Marx I know it is just
business."

Our wrists were tied to a horse cart and we were dragged to the gallows trying
to dodge the rocks being thrown at us with little success.

They had added another timber to the tree so we knew we would be whipped at the
same time. Edie groaned as we saw Mr. Marx hand the whippers the Cat O Nine
Tails we had made for him.

She said,"I hope they kill me. I want it over." I said, "Me too". and meant it.

The whipping was awful both front and back we fainted several times but they
would just revive us by splashing buckets of icy salt water on us.

When it was over they just let us lie in the street where boys threw mud and
shit on us. We were so exhausted we could only hide our faces with our
arms.Finally it got dark and they lost interest. Edie and I limped into the
woods with pussies and assholes so sore it hurt to walk.

We lived like animals for four dsys. Fortunately Edie knew places to hide and
where we could find berries and cat tail roots to live on.

I finally could not live with the fear of being caught and said,"I can't do this
anymore. I know where Mr. Marx hides his money in a coffee can in the back room.
I am going to steal a horse and the money and go as far as I can from this
place. Are you with me?"

"Oh God Josie. If they catch us they will hang us."

I said,"Does it matter?"

"No. I guess not."

"Thnk god it was easy to steal things. We put bridles on two horses after dark
then went to Mr. Marx's place and got the money to dump in to a leather bag we
found along with our dresses.

We rode all night. Eventually the dirt road changed to gravel then a hard black
surface. We saw the town before we were in it. We were amazed at the huge
buildings over sixty feet tall and made of brick. Even our rich people had wood
houses. 

We left the horses on the edge of town and walked the rest of the way.We were
constantly amazed seeing vehicles moving down the street with no horses to pull
them. We found a store that sold clothes and since we stuck out like a sore
thumb in our sacks we bought a pair of dresses. I opened the leather bag and we
discovered we were rich. There were bundles of dollar bills along with gobs of
change. I paid for the dresses shocked at the price of ten dollars and we asked
the woman who took the money If there was a hoseless carriage that could take us
south.

She looked at me funny then said, There is a Greyhound station at the end of the
block. They can take you anywhere. We found it and saw a ticket window I asked
when we could leave and he said there is a bus to L.A. in ten minutes. I said I
wanted two tickets for it. I was shocked to find it cost over fifty dollars. It
took a long time to count out the money but he just looked amused.

We got on the "Bus" and it made noises and rumbled then started moving. We were
reslly thrilled and looked around just in time to see a bunch of horses ride in
on the road we had been on. We breathed a sigh of relief knowing that was a
posse looking for us.

The ride was a big thrill. We had never been on anything that went so fast and
amazingly some other vehicles passed us going even faster.

There was a boy about ten sitting with his mother next to us.He enjoyed
answering our questions and explained that the smaller vhicles were called cars
and pointed out trucks. He told us large towns were called cities and LA with
the long name Los Angeles was a huge city. The bus dropped us off in downtown LA
nd we found a place to eat. Everything was very expensive and we stood out on
the sidewalk counting our change.

Edie said,"We are going to have to find a job soon. We only have enough money
for one more meal."

A black man in a shiny suit said,"You girls don't need a job. You are sitting on
a gold mine and you can stay with me."

We got into his shiny car and he took us to his house. We were afraid we may be
falling in to a trap but it wasn't like that at all. It turned out all we had to
do was suck and or fuck him and his friendsd. In return he bought us pretty
clothes and fed us and let us stay with him.

Like Edie said,"We found heaven."

end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





