BDSM Library - Mary Alice Gets...It




Mary Alice Gets...It
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This tale combines alien abduction, Inquisition, clones, school teaching, etc.
The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture and sex. Please do not read further if any of these subjects
offend, or if you are not of legal age.

The following is for your sole enjoyment and your cooperation in not using the
material in any other application without the express permission of the author
is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar




Mary Alice Gets...It



Grading papers and preparing lessons for her next fourth grade class wasn't
supposed to include a UFO abduction, cloning, and time travel. Unbeknown to Mary
Alice Hunter, she was soon to experience that, and so much more. Shedding work
clothes as she moved toward the bedroom, Mary Alice anticipated little more than
another microwaved dinner alone, doing some work in the small room fashioned as
her study and then a relaxing bubble bath to soothe away the day's stresses and
strains.

Students and faculty alike agreed that Mary was the prettiest. At only 22, she
was certainly the youngest teacher at President Andrew Jackson Middle School.
Fresh from college, the school was the brown hair and green-eyed teacher's first
teaching assignment, and already her dedication was well respected. Older
faculty members would jealously remark that her striving was perhaps too
earnest, but their number was few. Many of the males were infatuated as were the
females envious of Mary Alice's good looks, but for many reasons she rapidly
became the school's favorite teacher.

Attired in comfortable sweats, Mary Alice had just curled up on the living-room
couch when brilliant light filled the room. Next thing she knew, she stood in a
featureless white room. Oddly, she didn't mind the fact that she stood nude.
Hands resting at her sides, she faced the void. As if expecting it, a voice
broke the unearthly silence in Mary Alice's new world.

"My name is Rrynrx," the tinny voice said. "You, Earthling, are on our ship some
10 light years away from your home planet. Welcome."

Mary Alice blinked. After the disembodied voice she heard a mechanical whirring
sound. From the far wall appeared what seemed to be some kind of camera mounted
on a short dolly. It came closer. As it did, the lens area emitted a pinkish
glow. Mary Alice looked down to her hands and saw the hue shine over them. She
continued to stand still as the contraption first thought a camera, but now
seemed more of a scanner, made its rounds over all of her body. She felt nothing
from the light scanning her.

"Thank you Mary Alice."

The scanner and dolly robot disappeared back where it had come from. A gong
noise sounded twice. Next to her a shape appeared. Mary Alice turned her head to
see. Another woman stood, just as she. Mary Alice saw herself.

"Meet your clone, Mary Alice," Rrynrx said. " We have decided to send the both
of you back in Earth time, as slaves from ancient Rome. To make the exercise
even more interesting, you will be sent to a different era."

Mary Alice returned her head to its original position. Eyes forward, she
flinched as she heard the monotone continue. For the first time since being
abducted by the aliens, she felt queasy. Intuition told her that the future no
longer looked so harmless.

"Welcome to that period in your history known as, I believe, the Inquisition."


Smells awoke, then sounds, sight and other sensations. Sputtering beeswax mingle
with a gross combination of mold and B.O. Mary Alice heard others nearby. Metal
clanked. Her gray eyes opened to a subterranean world of vaulted ceilings and
firelight. Piercing cramps raced up and down her back. She looked up. As high as
she could see, her naked arms reached into the gloom. Somewhere up there, metal
cuffs chafed her wrists.

A sensation of fear in the medieval dungeon was omnipresent.

Glancing behind her right upper arm she saw her clone. Mary Alice had already
learned to expect on herself whatever she saw on her look-alike. The female nude
looked drenched in sweat. She also hung from ceiling chains. Firelight danced
over her glistening body. A single tight braid marked her pale back. Attached to
nipples were two dull silver rings. The familiar triangle of brown was also
missing.

A throat was cleared and Mary Alice returned her attention. In front of them
were three robed men seated at a dark dais. The one in the center spoke. Despite
the foreign surroundings, Mary Alice understood every word spoken.

"As I was saying, we are of the Dominican Order. As a Black Guelph, I also have
the good fortune to be anointed the papal consigliore. You are in a castle
dungeon in Nocera. The year is 1256, annos domine. Our king is his royal
highness, King Manfredi. My name is, Monsignor Gerogias Brans."

The chains allowed a little wiggle. Mary Alice strained her limbs. Her toes
scraped the rock floor.

The monsignor waved his hand, as if impatient, and continued. "My function at
this Inquisition," Candles sputtered from atop the dais as torches along the
walls fired at the dimly lit cavern, "Is fairly simple, though I recognize the
insistence of the monks on either side of me that we go through the motions..."

Mary Alice shifted her weight and once more looked at her silent companion.

"As I have been informed," the prelate continued without looking up from papers
on his table, "that you, Mary Alice, are the only one who speaks, I shall ask
you the questions."

Beaded eyes of the monks seated alongside Gerogias glinted as they read her
body. Perhaps, they could also read her soul?

"Firstly, are you or the wench next to you witches? Heretics? Blasphemers?
Diviners? Or, other sacrilegious persons?"

Her throat hurt to swallow, but gulp she did. To all of the questions, her
answer was an emphatic "NO".

Monsignore Gerogias finally raised his shaven pate, sighed and settled into his
high-backed chair. His hand placed down the quill and joined the other to rest
on his paunch.
Candlelight illuminated a face scarred with cruelty and as far from any godly
sense that Mary Alice had ever known.

"Yes, I can see. Mind you, we frequently are answered with denials. Yet, here
you two stand as two pagan slaves apparently in servitude long before the demise
of the Roman Empire. Somehow, you are here. And those rings in your bodies? What
are they for?" He chuckled as did the two seated alongside.

Mary Alice shivered as she hung. Only her ears were pierced. Certainly, not down
there...

"Very well, don't speak devil wench. By the authority given to me, I sentence
you both to death. The silent one shall be broken and braided on the wheel." He
leaned forward and peered at Mary Alice. "And as you both insist you are from
another time, you Mary Alice, shall be crucified the traditional Roman way. May
the Almighty shed his boundless mercy on your pitiful souls."

Following the monsignor's lead, the others stood. Distant screams from elsewhere
in the underground erupted. The monsignor whispered in the monk to his left's
ear and then addressed the two. Impatiently, he waved his hand. "Civil
authorities will take care of the executions. Monk Dionysios demands that you
both should be tortured. The silent one," he pointed to Mary Alice's clone,
"Goes first."



She tried to see, but whatever was happening took place too far behind her.
There were sounds like that made by tools and then a heavy thud. Mary Alice
gathered her wits as the chains holding her up were lowered.

"She never screamed, at all. Perhaps you will be different." Monk Dionysios
lowered the chains holding Mary Alice up and then led her back to a far wall. O
the ground beneath a wooden table curled the clone. "Get up on the rack and lay
on your back."

Mary Alice did as told. From somewhere above she could make out hanging chains.
Her sore arms were pulled behind and the chafed wrists again were cuffed. Mary
Alice felt her legs moved and ankles also cuffed. Rolling her head, she saw the
monsignor and the other monk watching. Others she had not seen before joined
them. Rough wood scarped her back.

"Now let's see what this pagan slave wench has to say..."

Wood creaking behind her forced Mary Alice to try and look back. All she could
see were wooden spokes of a wheel being slowly turned. Immediately, limbs
tightened. Her heart beat faster. Chancing another look back, she saw the wheel
continuing. Mary Alice felt her rib-cage swell. Breath came in shallow pants. A
searing pain shot up and down her spine. The wood creaked again, this time
nearly drowned by a pounding in her brain.

Those watching the monk ratchet the rack more enthusiastically watched the
lovely female's nude body stretch until only the base of her arse touched the
table. Dionysios was getting his wish. This one had plenty of scream in her.

"Now lets hook up these," he said as he pulled the rusted chains lower. Using
clamps, he hooked their ends to the nipple rings and then worked the pulleys in
reverse. Mary Alice wailed as her upper torso began to raise. The rings held as
they were lifted higher.

Mary Alice sobbed. The back of her head scraped against the table. Her neck was
arched, as was her back. She felt the weight of her racked body hang by only the
rings piercing her nipples. Panic-stricken, she saw the face of the monk
grinning next to hers. His missing teeth made him look more ghoulish.

"You might be interested in this," he leered. "It's a long needle used to locate
the devil. In your case, I think I'll start with your breasts."

She shuddered as she felt his hand grip one breast. Her face grimaced at the
prick of the needle. Mary Alice unsuccessfully tried to ignore its slow
progress. As the needle moved, she felt various tissues and glands torn. Her
eyes started to roll back in her head.

The small group of observers applauded the monk as he twisted and poked the long
needle through. With a loud "Pop!" they heard its exit. They watched as he
removed the bloody silver and then splash water over the wenches face. Twin
trails of crimson flowed from the pale cone stretched toward the ceiling.

Rusty metal bars were already inside the slack jaws when Monk Dionysios decided
to ask. "Shall I rip out the wench's godless tongue, as well, Monsigniore?"

"Why silence the one signing bird you have, my dear man?" Georgias Branas
muttered as he disdainfully considered the relatively mute nude huddled in the
corner. Tapping the butt of his crozier the prelate replied, "No, Dionysiois.
Have the condemned scourged, as was our Savior. It is what the witch so wishes.
Then meet us outside. This other wretch shall be prepared for the wheel."

The middle-aged cleric removed the tongs and then released ceiling chains and
tension from the rack. Once freed, he rolled her body off the table. Mary Alice
sprawled as she fell to the hard floor. Just out of reach of her left fingers
lay the dreaded needle. Ironically, it had too many times been so close it was
inside of her; now just seeing it made her shudder. In the flickering light,
gooey black smeared over its dull metal..

"Come on, slave." He said as he lifted her to her feet. "We have more in store
for you."

Standing with the monk proved difficult, at best. Candle and torchlight swirled
around the darkened vault. Nausea swam. Mary Alice swayed in the wake of the
brown robe toward another section of the chamber.



"Now that wasn't so bad..." the monk's brogue chided. "Put this on for a little
modesty, my child."

Nearly dead from the scourging, Mary Alice felt her arms lifted and the surcotte
dropped over her head. Coarse material scraped lacerated flesh. A leather
necklace held a simple wooden crucifix about her neck.

"There, that is more proper." The monk tugged the sleeveless thick cloth lower
so that it hung down just over the bruised ankles. "Not much we can do about
those scandalously naked arms of yours, and I don't suppose you have any use for
a belt." He untied the single braid. Dark brown tresses curled toward her waist.

Mary Alice gratefully gulped from a jug of water brought to her cut lips, never
minding the splash as it covered her chin and dripped down the rough gown.

"The civil authorities will take you from here..."

Two soldiers each took an elbow and shoulder. Dragged between them the slave
stumbled up short steps from the torture dungeon toward the even darker future
beyond. "What's a matter eunuch? Not man enough to take her yourself?"
Jocularity from both echoed throughout the masonry as they led the way to the
courtyard.

Fatigue, and the ambling progress of the donkey-driven cart made it difficult to
remain standing. Mary Alice recognized the Porta all' Fiorentina with its
sculpture of flying doves as they made their way through congested streets and
under one of the major stone gates. High noon tolled from Campanile's bells as
they rounded the outside corner of a semipolygonal, bastioned building. Flying
insects buzzed. Her wrists tied to the weathered upper frames of the cart fought
to keep her balance.. Alongside rode a Latin cross. Its longest end dragged far
behind the end of the cart. Citizens jeered as she passed. Many threw refuse.
Much of it found its target. A partly clouded sky seemed bent on making the day
hot for all. Unsteadily, the cart continued its simmering way.

Her clone was already tied to a ladder arrangement when they arrived. Mary Alice
looked down at the nude vision of herself laid upon the angled rungs. As she
did, hands freed her wrists. The cross made a loud scraping noise as it was
pulled from the cart. Her clone's face serenely looked skyward. Was it serene or
just blank Mary Alice wondered as she felt hands tearing at the neckline near
the back of her neck. The cart shook as the fusion ripped. Her back once more
felt bared.



A crucifixion was unusual and commanded the most attention. The witch being
nailed was also much more vocal than her evil twin about to be broken and
braided. Many pointed to the three pyramid-topped spikes hammered into the
condemned. A crude sign proclaiming her as a "SLAVE" was nailed just above her
head. Angered welts bled as the female nude hung tortured. Her breasts shone
despite the peppered marks covering them. All agreed that any previous tortures
were Just and Right in the eyes of the Inqusitor. The witch deserved what she
got.

From high above the gathering, Mary Alice watched as soldiers moved over to her
clone. One of them carried a heavy mallet. A wagon wheel lay nearby. Her face
grimaced in another attack of pain, either from her own torture on the cross,
or, from seeing the mallet fall. The sound of bones breaking rose over the sighs
of the crowd. It hurt to see her own likeness so broken. She screamed for the
two of them.

The bleeding female was braided puppet-like through the wheel spokes. A tall
pole was fitted into the wheel's center. Braided slave and wheel were then
lifted into the afternoon sky.



Epilogue


A noise jolted Mary Alice awake. Startled, she looked around. She was on her
couch, in her living room. School papers lay next to her knee. The half-empty
wine glass sat on the table-stand to her right. Soft jazz emanated from the
stereo. It all must have been a dream. Certainly it was a bad one. She untangled
her legs and stood. By the mantle clock and her own stomach growls, it was past
dinnertime.

Shaking her head to clear the mass of memories, she moved toward the kitchen.
She had to wonder, though, when the next abduction was to occur. Not if, but
'when'...and what that might hold in store.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





