BDSM Library - The Big Cat Club




The Big Cat Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The journey into life long submission, started on a whim, with a very painful training process.
Foreword: The persons, places and actions described in this story are all works
of fiction and fantasy.  The exception of would be some of the mistresses
described within, whom are in fact persons this one has met online.  They know
who they are.  However the descriptions of their actions remain as fantasy,
works of this one's imagination.  This story was started for an online friend
and grew to become a journey of sorts as this one attempts to explore and
understand the life.  It is hoped that no one reading this becomes offended,
that they enjoy the reading, as this one enjoyed the writing. This one gave this
story, two endings for you to choose, that which pleases you.   This one finds
him still perplexed after completing this work, but continues to strive to
understand. ......splatter_GB




"The Big Cat Club, A Journey into Submission"
(A Fantasy Or Dream Perhaps a Premonition)
The property of GingerBlue, splatter_GB
Feb. 2000

By: I was in Atlanta, away from home on at a two-week training seminar.  I had
finished the first weeks training a day early and was debating whether to drive
the eight hours back home or just spend a long weekend in the big city.  I
called home and found my wife had the Saturday-Sunday shift at work so I decided
to stay.  Playing around on the Internet, in the chat rooms and communities on
my laptop most of the day Friday had left me horny as hell.  Fortunately, being
in a large metropolitan area such as Atlanta there were many choices for places
to go.  I did a little net searching and found a sex club called the "Big Cat
Club".  There were no membership requirements listed, the site pictures and
videos were smoking above all that it was within walking distance of my hotel. 
Those of you who have driven in and around downtown Atlanta can appreciate my
elation over the walking distance.   I sent a quick e-mail to my wife to let her
know I was going to be out for a while; I would get with her Saturday evening
and with that, departed for the "Big Cat Club".

The club was located in an old three-story brick warehouse situated on the land
in such a manner that the street side entrance was actually on the third floor. 
The only clue that there were people present were the large parking areas tucked
neatly out of sight on either side of the building packed full of cars.  The old
brick non-windowed exterior of the building did nothing to give away the
extensive interior renovations. The only exterior hint anything had been done
were two massive arched oak doors resembling those of a cathedral, which served
as entrance to the club.  Carved into the door on the left was the full six foot
high figure of a lioness reared on her haunches, the door on the right was that
of a lion, in the same pose with their forepaws meeting.  "Nice classy touch" I
thought.  Pulling open the door, I discovered I was in a medium sized entry area
sanitized in its appearance, resembling a Doctor's waiting area down to the
sliding glass window for the receptionist.  Although it was advertised as no
membership required, the forms and papers signed to gain admittance coupled with
the identification check reminded me of when I joined the military.  Hell they
even pricked my finger for a blood test.  However judging from the outfits and
appearance of the receptionists, the club was going to live up to its Internet
advertisement and then some.  Not wanting to have to walk back to the hotel and
find another place to go, I quickly filled out the information requested not
paying any particular attention to the fine print on the forms.  Oh, silly me!

Having gained access after forty-five minutes of paperwork, I was greatly
impressed with what the owners had done with the place.  The third level was
wide open, with state of the art floor to ceiling video screens twenty feet wide
spaced out every fifty feet.  There were five on each sidewall and one centered
on the back wall.  Between each screen on the sidewalls were full size erotic
statues done in marble or wood depicting sex acts of all kinds. The ceiling was
open bar joist with the wooden beams of the roof exposed.  The walls appeared to
have been soundproofed, but refinished to emulate the brick behind them.  There
was a large lighted dance floor located under the lone video screen at one end,
which reminded me of the disco heyday.  The entrance end wall, contained the
entrance door from the lobby and a large freight elevator, and a door which I
assumed lead to the restrooms and stairwell. There were two long bars centered
offset the dance floor with seating areas on either side so that patrons could
view the video screens.  The sound system and lighting were done as
professionally as the video system, more sound at the dance floor than at the
bar and seating area and low level even lighting throughout to prevent
interference with the video screens.  I felt as though I was dressed
inappropriately however, in my loose fitting khaki pants and short-sleeved dress
shirt I stuck out like a sore thumb.  Everyone else in the club was dressed in
all manner of non-conventional garb.  There were leather fetish, latex fetish,
female domes, male domes, slaves of every description, openly gay male and
female, bi-persons, and a few fetish types I wasn't sure of.  All were doing
whatever they wanted and no one censoring their actions.   I was overwhelmed to
say the least.  I went up to the bar and ordered a double shot of Jose Gold
tequila and a Corona and found a table to further survey the situation.  I
hadn't noticed earlier exactly what was playing on the video screens so
overwhelming was the interior.  As I threw back the shot their offerings caught
my eye.  It appeared to be different sex tapes playing on each of the eleven
screens.  A true smorgasbord of activity catering to all tastes, there were
women doing women as soft core porn or hard core domination, men doing men as
soft core porn or hard core domination, women doing men as hard core domination,
men doing women as hardcore domination, men and women having intimate sex, women
being gang banged by men, men being gang banged by women and men being gang
banged by men; the only thing not on the screens was people having sex with
animals. Given the graphic nature of the videos I assumed that that would be
showing sometime later that night.  I noticed something neat at the table; a
selector switch that allowed you to choose which video you wished to hear at the
table.  Sipping on my Corona, as I watched the many choices I selected the women
dominating men video alternating between it and the women gangbanging men video.
Dropping the double shot of tequila from my order, after my second round of
drinks.  I was into my fourth round of drinks and totally aroused from the
sights and sounds from the video offerings, when this lovely dark haired beauty
dressed in a skintight leather dome outfit came to my table and sat down without
a word.  Reaching under the table, she grasped my erection and softly whispered
"Ah an untrained slave".  "Ma'am?" I stuttered in surprise.  "I noticed you like
our videos, slave.  Would you like me to commentate?" she coolly replied. 
"Commentate on the videos? It's blatantly evident what's going with them Miss" I
answered.  "Fool" she thundered, "I meant to explain the methods being used, as
well as expounding upon the personalities of the Mistresses involved".  "You
know these people?"  I asked incredulously.  "Most of them" she smugly answered. 
"I forgotten my manners, May I buy you a drink?" I said.  "Yes you may, Slave"
she replied.  "Wait a minute, that's three times now you called me that.  What
makes me a slave?" I asked.  "I do" was her calm response.  Thinking what the
hell I've played this game in chat rooms.  If I can get some relief, I'll play
her silly game. Little did I know I was rapidly going from pee wee ball to the
major leagues.  Those married men reading this, know of what I speak; our wife's
train us to some extent you know, put down the toilet seat, look at the good
looking women with our eyes only following, instead of our old 180 degree head
spin kind of thing and this only with terminator shades on.  The training I had
just agreed to without realizing it was to far surpass those simple tasks.   
"OK princess, what would you like" I asked.  "You will pay for you insolence,
slave" she coldly replied "An Amstel Light".

We sat chatting, she gleaning more information about me, than I from her and as
we talked she offered insight to the performances.  "See the lovely, lithe,
auburn-hair mistress," She asked.  "Sure, she's been one of my favorites" I
said.  "Do you see how she is roughly taking her slave slamming hard into his
ass with her strap-on?  You probably think she is punishing him don't you," she
stated.  I answered "Well given the size of the monster, she's using on him I
would say, yes she was"  "Wrong, that slave loves to be abused that way, she is
rewarding him.  Her name is Mistress Gina; she is a fair mistress but will
tolerate no disrespect.  Her punishments are quick and severe. She left her
husband who broke her heart, now she sometimes uses this as an outlet for her
anger and pain" she explained.  "What about the blonde one" I asked.  "That is
Mistress Lori, she is also fair but quick to punish if needed, her husband got
her started twelve years ago and she hasn't looked back, especially since the
divorce.  The other is Mistress Tia; a family member took her roughly when she
was young, fourteen.  She learned to like it, but loves giving it to her slaves. 
The black mistress is Mistress Donna she likes going as both a dome and a sub. 
And my name is Mistress Amy to you.  And yours?" she asked.  "My name is Steve,"
I answered.  "Lovely" she cooed.  "Pardon?"  "It is a good name, slave.  Easy
for me to modify" she purred.  "Here, I have something for you" she said. 
"What?" I asked.  She proceeded to pull from her bag a beautifully crafted black
leather three-inch high collar with tether points on each side, a locking
mechanism in back for closure and a lion's image embossed in color on the front
of it.  "What's that for?" I asked.  "All my slaves wear one for me it is a way
of identifying whose property you are," she answered.  Oh what the hell I
thought, if it gets me in her pants I'll go along with her.  Just proving once
again what a novice I was where these matters are concerned.  "OK, put it on me"
I said.  "GET OVER HERE AND KNEEL, SLAVE" she commanded.  I'm getting a little
pissed with her commanding posture and take my time moving to her chair.  The
two sharp cracks from her ridding crop, which appeared from nowhere, helped
speed me to her side.  "KNEEL AND DON'T MAKE ME SAY IT AGAIN" she pronounced
firmly.  I hit my knees next to her chair.  "BOW YOUR HEAD" she said.  I obeyed. 
"Slave, I'm only going to tell you these things once.  Listen carefully and
remember every word.  My word is your law. You do nothing without my permission. 
You will address me as Mistress or ma'am.  You are mine to do with as I please. 
I can and will give you to other Mistresses or Masters to further your training. 
Your only goal is to please me.  These rules must be obeyed whether you are
serving me, or another Dome I give you to for training.  Fail to obey these
rules and you will suffer the consequences of punishment. Your code word for
mercy when you can bear punishment no longer is "Amazon".  Do you understand?"
she said.  "Are you serious?" I questioned.  "You will require much training,"
she said in a low dire tone.  Little did I realize what an ominous situation I
had placed myself in as she clasped and locked my collar tightly and firmly
around my neck. "Ma'am, would you like another drink?' I asked, hoping she would
say yes so that I could get another shot of tequila and a brew as this was
starting to get strange.  "No, that would dull the senses.  I need to be sharp
for this next stage" she answered as she clipped dual leashes onto my collar. 
"Stand up and follow me."   Thus began my descent into a world I had only
glimpsed from a distance.

"Walk behind me, slave."  I found it tough not follow Mistress Amy's command, as
she led me with a heavy hand towards the freight elevator.  "Ma'am, may I please
stop the restroom to relieve myself?" I pleaded.  "No, there is a restroom where
I'm taking you slave."  "Damn," I wondered what the hell I gotten into.  I was
soon to find hell was closer than I thought.  She paused and entered a code
number into the keypad near the elevator entrance.  Suddenly, the elevator
appeared at the opening with an operator standing inside who resembled an
Egyptian Nubian slave, I gasped when I saw he met more of the requirements than
I had realized, he had been castrated.  Mistress Amy, smiling at my shock added
these chilling words "Did you notice his collar slave?  He is one of mine.  He
choose the castration in able to better serve me."  We went down to what I
guessed was the first floor.  As there was nothing to indicate where we were, I
really could not tell.  The elevator door opened into what resembled for the
world a hallway in a corporate office building, except for the larger Nubian
slave at the door way outfitted exactly as his brethren who was running the
elevator.  "Need any help, with this one Mistress" he asked.  "Not just yet,
thank you" Mistress Amy replied "I'll call you if I do."  I meekly followed her
down the long corridor.  She stopped at an intricately carved oak door, with a
lioness mounting a lion.  "Ma'am, someone must have made a mistake and the owner
accepted it," I offered in conversation.  "There was no mistake," she said.   I
was to find the meaning behind the symbolism, further in my training.  There was
another security pad next to the door and she quickly entered her code into it. 
We entered what looked like a small dressing room.  "Strip" she ordered "and
place your things into one of the lockers."  She tied the leashes to eyehooks
located on opposite walls giving me a three-foot circle to move about it, as she
stood back to watch.  "What about the restroom?" I asked.  Crack, Crack, Crack,
Crack the riding crop landed on my backside fast and furiously.  "Do you not
remember the rules, you stupid slave?" Mistress Amy bellowed.  Oh, the ma'am,
mistress address thingy I thought, not daring to speak it.  "Ma'am, this slave
is so sorry.  I'm still learning," I said half heartily.   "I don't know if you
are capable of serving, slave," she muttered.  "Get out of those clothes, NOW!" 
I slowly started out of my clothes, a little embarrassed at my nakedness. 
"Hummmm, nice tan, slave" Mistress purred.  She then quickly clipped handcuffs
on my wrists and leg irons on my ankles.  She then pulled out a curious round
wire basket.  "This is to help you in your training" she said, as she bent and
affixed the device around my now flaccid cock and balls, cinching it tightly
round my scrotum.  The wire cage bound my cock tightly to my balls; its purpose
became immediately obvious to me, an erection now would be impossible, or if
possible extremely painful.  Now outfitted to mistress's taste, she led me out
of the locker room into a large but strange restroom.  The stalls where the six
stainless steel toilets were located, were short wall portions fabricated of
stainless steel only three and one half feet tall but about five feet wide and
one foot thick, with a bar running at the top of each, and eyebolts two feet
from the base of the toilet. There were no doors for any privacy on the stalls. 
The room itself was rough concrete walls with twelve inch black tile on the
floor, which sloped to a center floor drain.  On the wall opposite the short
wall portion stalls were six showerheads with restraint attachment eyehooks. The
end wall contained a fire hose. The door we entered by was the one of two ways
in and out of the room as there was another door on the far wall.  "Here, slave"
she beckoned to a stall.  As I entered, she quickly placed the free ends of the
handcuffs into the bars at the top of the sidewalls and then secured the leg
irons to the eyebolts.  As a finishing touch she tied the free end of the
leashes to the bars on either side.  "You needed the restroom, you now have it.
One rule I failed to pass on to you.  Do not speak unless spoken to by a
Mistress or Master," she said as she left the room and cut out the lights. 
"What the fuck, did I do to piss God off" I sat uncomfortable and wondered for
what seemed hours.  I would scream out in the darkness, but now I am truly
afraid as to what may happen if I do.  I was able to relief myself thankfully I
just had to lose the beer from earlier.  The room is so cold literally I'm
freezing to death, coupled with the stainless steel toilet cover there is no
relief.  My arms are held just high enough by the cuffs causing my circulation
to slow and arms to numb.  Great chance for hot sex yeah right, I really screwed
up this time.  Going into the third hour, or what I felt was the third hour; I
started yelling for someone to help, this was to prove to be a very unwise move
on my part. 

Mistress Amy stormed into the room, with an entourage of male slaves trailing
behind her.   The woman from the videos upstairs Mistress Gina followed closely
behind.  "Slave, did you not understand the rules?" Mistress Amy asked.  "I
guess not" I replied.  "That's it, you foolish slave," She thundered.  "I have
been very patience with you, but I will not tolerate your disrespect any longer. 
Slaves, use this slave's smart mouth for your pleasure.  Cum on his face.  But
save his smart ass for me."  The reasoning behind the stall width, now became
apparent to me it allowed someone to stand on either side of the toilet.  Fight
as I might, with my arms and legs shackled and a person on each side of me my
mouth quickly became a roughly used orifice.  For some sick reason into the
sixth person's cock being rammed down my throat the old Weather Girls song "It's
Raining Men" started playing in my head.  The guy whispered "Sorry buddy but it
we don't do as we are told, we will find ourselves in your place."  I would have
responded but with eight inches of thick cock being rammed down my throat it was
impossible.  My mouth was stretched and swollen from some of the massive cocks. 
I was gagging from the loads of cum, being shot into my mouth and across my
face.  And it looked as though I was only halfway through the line.  It was then
Mistress Amy told them to stop.  She entered the stall, still stunning in her
leather skintight outfit.  She had added to her outfit black elbow length latex
gloves and with these she slowly traced the droplets of cum on my chest.  She
continued to trace my inner thigh, watching my discomfort as my untrained cock
responded to her touch.  She scooped cum from my face and then fucked my mouth
with three fingers.  "Tell Mistress why you are being punished," she asked as
she moved her fingers from my mouth to my ass.  "Mistress, for my smart mouth,
for failing to address mistress correctly and for screaming out when there was
no Mistress or Master present" I quickly rattled off.  "Very good" She said
returning the fingers to my mouth and stroking my chest. I was hoping that with
my lesson learned perhaps my punishment was over as she attached thumbscrew
adjustable nipple clamps to my nipples with a chain between them.  Imagine then
my dismay, as she turned and ordered, "Finish".  Her slaves were well trained;
of course if what I was living now was part of their boot camp I could
understand their obedience.  They were not cruel, just doing as they were told;
well except for two of the bastards they tried and succeeded in hurting me.  I
was to learn much later that the two had time on the cross for that; Mistress
Amy had not missed their cruelty and had them pay for exceeding the limits of
her order.  Mistress Gina who had been standing watching asked, "Is this a new
one Amy?"  "Yes Gina it is, hardheaded and stubborn too" Mistress Amy replied. 
"May I try with him sister?" Mistress Gina asked.  "Of course my sister, but you
must know he is barely trained" Mistress Amy answered.  "Thank you Amy, I will
not damage your merchandise...too much" Mistress Gina responded.  "Use him as
you wish, Gina my slave is your slave" Mistress Amy said.  "Do you have a name
for him yet, Amy?"  Mistress Gina questioned.  "Yes, I'm going to call him
Stephanie, sister Gina" Mistress Amy said.   "So that's what she meant by my
name would be easy for her to modify," I thought.   "Gina, his code word is
'Amazon', I hope he remembers it" Mistress Amy said. "I do, too" Mistress "Gina
replied, "Given his smart mouth, he will need to".  "Stand up Stephanie,
Mistress needs to douche you" Mistress Gina" commanded.  I quickly did as I was
told, and Mistress expertly entered my ass with the douche probe.  "This is my
special mixture, has a little numbing agent in it, a lot of oil for lubrication
and water.  I felt my bowels rapidly filling with the mixture and was sure I was
about to explode.  "Hold it like a good girl," Mistress Gina cooed.  "Yes Ma'am"
was all I could say.  It was then, Mistress Gina and Amy, decided to depart,
leaving me in the cold dark bathroom again to ponder my fate.  I held it as long
as I could before nature and gravity forced me to unload into the toilet.  "Hope
that doesn't get me in trouble," I thought.  That was to prove to be the least
of my worries.

I hung by the handcuffs, sitting on the cold toilet trying to get comfortable. 
It was an impossible task, however I was able to doze off to sleep for just a
short while.  I awoke with a start, the numbness from the lack of circulation in
my arms causing me wake up.  I sat quietly and pondered my fate softly to
myself.  "Wonder when she doesn't hear from me, how long it will take my wife to
call out the National Guard?" I questioned softly out loud.  I almost broke my
arms and ankles as I jumped from the unexpected response out of the darkness. 
"She will not be calling anyone, other than the Center for Disease Control, here
in Atlanta," Mistress Gina said in a matter of fact tone. Gathering my
composure, as best one could in my position I asked, "What do you mean, Ma'am". 
"I mean that she and your employer are under the impression that you have been
exposed to a deadly, highly contagious disease never seen before and are now
under quarantine for the next thirty days.   It has been explained to them, that
you may have no contact with the outside world.  They, especially your wife were
very concerned and wanted to see you anyway.  We explained to them that was
impossible and that they would be updated on your condition daily via e-mail." 
"Ma'am, this slave is truly confused now," I stammered.  "You like most others,
failed to read the fine print on the forms you signed upstairs, is my guess.  Am
I right?"  "Yes Mistress, you are right," I answered softly.  "Well, you signed
up for 'experimental treatments' as provided by this center, which is a front
for the CIA.  "WHAT THE HELL...ma'am" I quickly added to my expletive.  My mouth
still aching and full of salt from the last time I failed to address a mistress
properly.  "Knowing that you are confused and distressed, I will allow your tone
to pass without punishment.  You did at least remember to address me properly. 
Do not make that mistake again however, you will find I can be very creative in
my punishments." She smiled and went on to explain.  "Oh, it is quite really
simple.  Modern governments for years have looked for ways to control their
people.  The Nazi's in Germany, the KGB in Russia, scores of dictators in Latin
America and third world countries throughout the world get the bad press for it. 
It is 'the land of the free and the home of the brave' that has it down to an
art form.  Think of it.  Television and the Internet, two of our best tools for
controlling minds.  The Internet has surpassed television's "General Hospital,"
"Days of Our Lives" and "Monday Night Football".  It has proven to be an
invaluable tool. You know people I'm sure who are in chat rooms and communities
every day; it is an addiction pure and simple, but it was planned that way.  
The novice logs onto the net, thinking because they have not given the system
any personal information; no one knows who they are.  Wrong, if they are calling
in from home we have their home phone number.  With that we have their identity
and start tracking their activities.  From work may take a little longer, as we
have to sift through their hard drive for correspondence while they chat or
surf.  If they have true firewall protection in place backed with cookie
monitoring in place, we simply work from the fact that people are creatures of
habit.  They like to have an identity, so they take and keep a name in chat
rooms and communities.  "Splatter," I believe is your handle."  "Yes ma'am" I
stuttered in utter amazement.  "The collar that you wear is much more than a
means of identification." She continued.  "It monitors your blood pressure,
heart rate, breathing rate and brain waves, has GPS for locating you, can
punish, stun, paralyze and even kill you all done wirelessly via remote control
for punishment via transponders for monitoring.  You are here to measure your
limits, for pain and pleasure.  Although I have claimed you for training, there
is another who is coming for you.  Be afraid, very afraid. She has no mercy, she
will not cause you permanent damage but she will hurt you.  I tell you these
things, so that you may have an understanding of your status and prepare
yourself.  I must go"  "Wait mistress, please" I begged.  "What?" Mistress Gina
asked.  "Why can't I go with you?"  "You shall.  This however is, how should I
say 'Hell Night' for newbies.  "Thank you Mistress Gina, for explaining these
things to me."  She left without a word, but I thought in the silence I heard a
small sob from her.  Sleep for me, was now impossible.  The lovely Mistress
Gina's words and the tone of those words, playing back over and over in my mind. 
She had ingrained herself to my psyche, whether she had meant to or not, forming
a bond like that of a mother to a child.  I knew then this child would do
anything to please her.  It must have been one in the morning, when the other
Mistress Gina spoke of arrived.  She was stunning dressed in black latex head to
toe, her long dark hair pulled out of the top of her hood to form a ponytail and
her face showing through a cutout in the hood.  I was to come to believe, her
heart was as black as the latex she wore. 

"Stand up" she barked.  I struggled to stand, as my circulation to my limbs was
lost, it cost me several sharp cracks with her riding crop on my shoulders and
chest.  "Move when I speak, you sorry slim" the words rolled off her tongue
coldly and cruelly.  My fear grew as I stood with my head bowed glimpsing into
her eyes.  They were a pale green, but had the look of someone without a soul. 
No shine to them at all, had the look of someone who had been hurt and was not
going to be hurt again.  This being hurt, I was to learn did nothing to prevent
her from hurting; she was truly a sadist who enjoyed the pain of others.  "My
name slave is, Mistress Sadie.  I am sure that the very able Mistress Amy and
Gina gave you the rules.  I will add one of my own, Do not speak unless asked a
direct question."  "Yes, ma'am" I said, just as the crop landed on my shoulders
and chest.  "That was not a direct question" Mistress Sadie sneered, "they said
you were hard headed, I will cure you of that trait or kill you trying.  "What
is your code word?"  "Amazon, ma'am" almost falling from the blows given.  "I
despise that southern word ma'am, you will address me as 'Mistress' or 'Mistress
Sadie' or you will think these are love taps compared to what I will deliver for
disobeying me again." She thundered.  She then proceeded to unlock my leg and
arm shackles.  "I detest these things" she said "Something for amateurs to use." 
I stood very still as she removed the training cage from my penis and balls.  My
thoughts of being relieved quickly evaporated as she took the leashes in hand
and guided me out of the restroom and straight into hell.

Mistress Sadie led me down another winding hallway and opened a door to a fully
equipped dungeon torture chamber.  Her love of rope was the reason for her
distaste of the chain hardware.  She could have given an old time sailing ship
sailor and a Vietnamese interrogator, a run for their money with her skills. 
Let me pause here to explain to the uninitiated, the jaded may skip ahead to the
next paragraph.  Rope when used in bondage by a bona-fide dome, is not the
multiple loops you see in movies, binding arms and legs, nor is it the soft
cotton shown in those same movies.  Rope, manila fiber rope, burns the skin,
digs the skin and in the hands of an expert such as Mistress Sadie it is placed
on the slave in such a manner that movement will cause pain A loop around the
nuts, running up to the neck will prevent the slave from lifting his head.  This
is but one example, she took her time and taught me many ways to be in pain.

She started by making a body harness out of rope looping it over each of my
shoulders in much the same fashion of the old Mexican bandits carried their
ammunition belts.  She then completed the rig by bringing a loop around my upper
torso sandwiching my nipples between the strands and another round my stomach. 
What she did to my poor cock and balls was a terrible thing to behold and even
worse to bear.  She started by making half hitches on my flaccid cock,
continuing until it was engulfed in 1/8-inch rope.  She then dropped back and
included my scrotum and balls, lashing them to my penis with same cruel tight
half hitches.  She finished by looping the free end of the rope through the loop
around my chest and clinched the whole thing up tight.  This basically ended up
placing the head of my penis in my belly button.  She continued with her rope
tricks, by binding my hands behind my back and running the free end of the rope
through a pulley.  This made my shoulders the fulcrum as she lifted my body by
my arms.  She proceeded to see how many times I could scream 'Amazon'.  I had
foolishly told myself that I could hold out against the pain; just tough it out
put my mind in a different place.  Bullshit.  In the hands of a skilled
tormentor such as Mistress Sadie, you will talk; you will scream you will dance. 
You may, with conditioning learn to bear the pain, even love the pain, but I had
neither conditioning preparation nor love for what I was receiving.  Let it
suffice to say, I did all three of the aforementioned things and few others I
barely remember.  To this day, I can't throw a ball overhand from what she did
to my shoulders.  And though these things were bad, they pale by comparison to
her grand finale.  She had ripped ligaments and torn muscle hanging me from the
ceiling in different configurations while stroking my skin none too softly with
her riding crop and flail.  She had just finished with one of her particularly
cruel rope tricks.  One where I had been hanging upside down bound to point of
being mummified by the ropes.  Before I passed out from the blood rushing to my
head, as she lowered me none to gently to ground. She was removing the rope rig
as I knelt on hand and knees when she slid two fingers of her gloved hand into
my ass.  "Ah, virgin man-pussy.  My favorite kind!"  She squealed in delight. 
"Children, come here."  From the darker recesses of the dungeon, there appeared
four women.  I assumed they were Mistress Sadie's slaves, as they did not carry
themselves as a mistress would.  "On your knees before me" Mistress Sadie
ordered.  I quickly assumed the proper position.  "Look up" she barked.  I
obeyed.  She then took cotton balls and placed them over my eye sockets, taping
them in place.  This done she then placed a skintight latex hood over my head. 
The only provisions it contained was a nose slit and a zippered closure for a
mouth opening.  "Did you know slave, that when a person loses a sense that their
other senses work overtime to compensate?"  She pronounced wickedly.  "I would
say in your case, the sense of touch and sound will overcompensate nicely," She
wickedly laughed. Hood in place she led me in the direction of an oversized
metal sawhorse with a lightly padded ten inch wide cross member for a top.  She
bent me over the middle of the sawhorse, and quickly lashed my arms and legs to
the sawhorse legs in such a manner that my ass was prominently displayed and
readily accessible.  She toyed me with in that position, much the way a cat does
a mouse.  Tracing her fingers down my back to my ass, then slapping my ass
cheeks with her open hand.  She said she enjoyed the sound of it.  Maybe so, I
thought she loved seeing me jump.  She continued tracing the inside of my thighs
with her gloved hand or riding crop, before landing the crop on my back and
legs. Making it sing she said.  A song of Satan, I thought.  My blood ran cold,
my vital monitors crazy when she leaned down close to my head and whispered,
"Man slave, these women and I have been hurt by men sexually, physically and
emotionally. Tonight, we are taking our aggression out on you.  For every man
who has done us wrong; you will pay.  We don't care if you have never mistreated
a female, you are the sacrificial lamb for your sex."  "Girls, what is it to be,
soft and sexy or tear him up?"  She asked for effect.  She achieved the desired
effect as I shuddered from the response.  "Tear him up!"  They screamed in
unison.  " Think this slave, if we were men and you a women.  How kind would we
be?" Mistress Sadie whispered in my ear as she stroked my back with her riding
crop.  "Have at him girls!"  I thanked Mistress Gina, a thousand times that
night for her numbing agent in the douche, as they took turns tearing into my
virgin ass with huge strap on cocks. When not in my ass, they unzipped the mouth
opening and pounded my still sore mouth much more roughly than Mistress Amy's
male slaves had. The flail and the crop were used extensively; by those with no
opening to attack as they waited their turn.  I came to believe that there was
much more than a little numbing agent in that douche as the night wore on into
day.  Four pounds of Columbian premium cocaine would not numbed, Mistress
Sadie's final outrage.  She was standing behind and started fucking my now
limbered up asshole with three long gloved fingers, she quickly graduated to
four fingers then her whole hand up to the wrist.  "Humm, still a nice tight ass
slave, you like Mistress in your man pussy?"  I did not answer; when I had
answered such questions earlier in the evening it only brought me more pain.  "I
love the feel of your man pussy," she continued.  I vaguely remember screaming
'Amazon' before passing out as she closed her hand into a fist while still
inside my tight ass and shoved her arm up in me to her elbow.

"She's going to end up killing one of these slaves Amy" Mistress Gina said as
she surveyed the scene of carnage.  "I fear you may lose this one to shock."  
"Gina, please give me a hand here.  If I don't get this rope off of his privates
he's going to lose them.  I can't believe the mess she has made of him. He must
have tried to hold out, before she broke him."  "You've seen her do worse, Amy.   
She works fulltime for the government bastards, unlike you and I who freelance." 
Mistress Gina responded as she helped Amy with the bindings.  "You and I use
rope Amy, but not like this."  "True sister" Mistress Amy replied.  "Amy call
for the Nubian slaves to help move him to a cell." Mistress Gina requested. 

I awoke naked but thankfully free of rope and restraints in a sparse cell. 
Aching from every joint, as I tried to stand I fell to floor in agony my knees
folding under me, my butt on fire.  My isolation continued as a tray of food
slide under the door.  As I hungrily ate, my spirits soared as under the plate I
found the following note from Mistress Gina.  "Rest, Mistress Amy will be
continuing your training.  But I shall reclaim you shortly. - G -" They gave me
a full day to recuperate, I think there were drugs in the food to help as toward
the end of the time I was able to walk without falling over. 

Mistress Amy arrived at the door of the cell on the following morning with leash
in hand.  I quickly knelt on hands and knees at her feet.  She slowly traced a
gloved finger down my back and giggled as I jumped when she reached my ass. 
"Still sore, I see.  We checked you out; she caused no permanent damage. 
Mistress Gina inserted one of her magic suppositories in you to help with the
pain and speed the healing.  You may stand."  She said as she affixed a leash to
my collar.  "Thank you, Mistress Amy.  Mistress Sadie would only allow me to
crawl," I said.  "Follow me," she said.
She led me down a hallway to another chamber, this one fully equipped with
devices as the one I had spent the night in, but much softer in its appearance
and apparatus.  I fell to my knees upon entry, still shell shocked from my last
experience.  I felt Mistress Amy's metal leash as she allowed it to fall over my
back.  I nervously waited for Mistress Amy's command, hoping my shaking was not
visible.  "Slave, your mistress has a request of you," came her words.  "My only
goal is to please you, my mistress," I responded quietly.  "I want you...to be
my master," she stated slowly as she unzipped the zipper to her dome outfit
stepping out to display her lovely body.  "I know you don't have the training. 
You know this is only for now and only because I want to.  I am tired today and
do not feel up to maintaining control over you.  Do not make the mistake of
trying outside of this room unless I give you this special permission, or I
could give you back to Sadie for advanced training."  She finished.  I almost
blacked out at the sound of the name Sadie coupled with the words 'advanced
training'.  I thought I had been through the graduate course the previous
evening.  "Come, remove this leash from your master."  I boldly pronounced as I
stood up.  "Stand on your tiptoes, while I survey the room to find toys suitable
to play with."  It was strange to hear the words "Yes master" from Amy.

"Do you have a control word?"  I asked.  "Yes, but I won't be needing one" She
replied.  "WON'T BE NEEDING IT!  IS THIS A CHALLENGE?  I bellowed.  "I have been
in the hands of Grand Masters; men cold as ice determined to make me beg.  A few
of them have.  You do not possess the knowledge or the skills, they did."  She
responded.  "Therefore, I repeat I will not be needing a control word.  "Well
then my lovely slave if that's how you feel you surely will not mind this small
dildo ball gag.  It will at least give you something to bite into as your
pleasures begin." I said as I surveyed the room.  "Give me your arms." She
obeyed.  I placed the handcuffs on her and led her to the whipping post.  Once
there I hosted her arms in the air until she was forced to stand on tiptoe and
that just barely.  I broke out many of the standard instruments; a blindfold,
nipple clips, leg spreader bar, riding crop, soft flail, and hard flail.  As I
placed the blindfold on her, and whispered "Are you sure you don't want a
control word?"  She shook her head no.  I teased her, taunted her, stroked her
softly; stroked her with fevour using the soft flail, the hard flail and the
riding crop.  Her mind control was a thing of beauty to behold.  She bore all I
could deliver without flinching or a sound.  I moved her from the whipping post
to the cross, the large wooden X on the wall.  Leading her slowly to her next
torture station, a marvelous idea struck me.  What if, instead of the torment of
pain, which she was so obviously used to, and I so unskilled at, I used the
pleasure of intimate love making to "break" this slave.  I never let on to my
pretty slave my plan; I simply tested portions at wooden cross and was delighted
with my findings.  As I strapped her firmly into a standing spread eagle
position, I lightly and gently stroked her inner thighs with my fingertips. 
Whispering softly and sweetly into her ear how lovely she is and how brave she
has been.  She actually flinched.  Not a great amount mind you, but more than
she had done through all her previous torments.  I continued on my plan mixing
softer, sexier torment into the forefront as foreplay.  I moved her from the
cross to an oversized leather chair, where I bound her legs to the front chair
legs after draping them over the sides of the chair.  Her arms I loosely secured
behind the chair back allowing for some movement but no possibility of escape. 
I lit scented candles and slowly trailed the soft nylon flail over her sensitive
flesh, her breasts, inner thighs, face, neck and her sides.  I followed the
flail with a silk scarf, brushing softly, wordlessly, watching her resolve
slowly crumble.  I poured warm oil over her breasts letting it run down her
stomach before changing the direction of the pour to her legs.  I massaged the
oil into her skin, slowly pausing at her nipples, pulling them between my thumb
and forefinger; I almost heard a moan from her as I attached a set of nipple
clips to the perky erect structures.  I continued gently rubbing the oil into
her legs, feet, thighs, stomach, sides and lovely shaved pussy moving from the
sides to the head and foot of the chair as I did so.  I could sense she was
waiting for the hammer to fall and the pain to begin again, to satisfy her
longing I reached for one of the candles and slowly dribbled wax over her
exposed flesh.  She tensed expecting more punishment.  She sharply inhaled in
surprise, as I let loose one leg and sucked her toes into my mouth, running my
tongue between them.  It was then; I lost all pretence of being Amy's Master and
slowly became her lover.  I poured myself over her, brushing my hair over her
soft body, while tonguing her flesh, tasting every inch of her exposed skin. 
Pausing at her mouth, removing her ball gag and tasting her mouth, sucking her
lips into my mouth, taking her tongue deep into my mouth and sucking it softly,
running my tongue over her teeth.  I was amazed by my control.  After all, she
and the hope for having her had been my reason for entering into my current deal
with the devil in the first place.  Enamored as I was, I took my precious time,
knowing that I might never have a chance such as this again in this place.  I
knelt before the chair and slowly ran my tongue from her knees to her inner
thigh, pausing at that sensitive point where the leg joins the body trunk and
sucking there hard.  I was finally rewarded my efforts by a very soft moan, not
broken but definitely touched, my sweet slave Amy.    

Though my tongue had become my primary weapon, I had not forgotten the use of my
hands and fingers, which I used to caress her legs, stomach and breasts as I
zeroed in my attack on her now swollen clit. I slowly parted open her hood with
my tongue, probing to find her erect clit.  Finding it I sucked it between my
teeth to hold in place as I danced my tongue over the tip in a fast butterfly
motion.  I felt her body tense and chest heave as I continued, pausing only to
intensify the effect.  Bringing her to the edge and stopping just short for what
seemed like an hour and could have been for all I know.  "Master, please," Amy
moaned.  "Do I hear a cry for mercy, my stoic slave?" I asked.  No answer.  I
grasped the cheeks of her ass in my hands cradling and lifting her to face my
attacking tongue.  I changed the direction of my attack, slowly licking the
sensitive skin between her now wet pussy and her hot tight ass, before inserting
my tongue past her rosebud and into her ass; enjoying feeling her squirm in my
hands as I did so.  I returned to her hot pussy, probing it deeply with my
tongue, pulling at her lips softly, playfully with my teeth.  I returned in
earnest to her very swollen clit, parting the hood and finding my target, this
time taking her to climax after climax, pausing only long enough to allow her to
catch her breath.  I removed her blindfold, so that I might watch her eyes as
she achieved satisfaction.  My own needs had grown to be rather pressing as I
placed my now rock hard cock in her mouth, she sucked it in hungrily like a baby
with a pacifier.  As she ate me, I reached for the chain holding the nipple
clips and pulled it, with one hand and continued to brush her clit with my
thumb.  I was positioning myself to enter her when I paused and picked up a
string of anal beads, eight beads, about one inch in diameter, with a six-inch
spacing between beads.  I knelt and slowly placed all eight beads up her tight
ass.  I stood and rubbed her sopping wet pussy with the head of my cock, teasing
her as I brushed into her clit and back into hot ass, now stuffed with beads.  I
continued until I could now longer stand it myself at which time I placed myself
at the entrance to her hot pussy and found a warm, wet, hot and hungry home for
my cock.  The control she had exerted with her body and mind during her torture
session extended to pussy during our lovemaking.  She grinned as she gripped my
cock with her cunt in a powerful grip.  I moaned loudly and responded by
desperately trying to her mythical "G" spot with the head of my swollen cock. 
Her grip relaxed as I touched her in that place, and continued to massage it. 
Our lovemaking continued, ebbing from fast to slow each trying to outdo the
other with moves and motions for thirty minutes or more.  I ended with my ass
resembling a jackhammer, my balls following my cock and slamming into her ass
with each stroke drawing me nearer to climax.  I slowed long enough to recover a
little of my composure, reaching down to thumb her clit, watching her eyes as
she neared climax.  I continued sliding in and out her hot tight cunt, watching
my cock as it pulled open her cunt lips on the backstroke and driving them back
in on the in stroke.  As I felt the fire boiling up in my balls, knowing I was
nearing climax and that she was near again also, I reached for the anal bead
string and slowly pulled.  She came hard, matching my bucking hips stroke for
stroke.  As she continued, I came hard, fast and furiously, dumping the contents
of my balls deep inside my sweet slave.  I released her bonds and took her in my
arms.  "Not bad, slave," were her words to let me know our roles had now
reverted back as she softly stroked my hair. 

"Kneel slave," Mistress Amy commanded.  I quickly did as I was told.  "You have
much more training to endure," She said as she placed a hood on my head similar
to the one used by Mistress Sadie effectively blindfolding me and offering my
mouth through a zippered opening.  She took my head in her hands and kissed me
deeply whispering; "Thank you Steve," before she zipped the mouth closure shut. 
"No thank you and you are welcome, My Mistress," I thought gratefully.  "Be
brave and try not to embarrass Mistress," She added as placed the dreaded wire
cage over my cock and balls.  My mind raced wondering what was next as she led
me out this chamber to another.  I could hear other people in the room, sounding
almost like a party.  The room grew strangely quiet as she led me to the center
of the room bending me over a metal sawhorse and securing my legs and hands to
the legs of the horse.  She did show a little more compassion than Mistress
Sadie had in that my torso was stretched over the length of the sawhorse
allowing me to rest my weight on the cross member.  She then made this
pronouncement, which caused my blood to curdle; "Friends, use this slave as you
will.  His mouth, his ass are yours.  You can see from his cage he is still
learning control.  I do not want him to cum or derive pleasure from this
experience."  The blood rushed to my head as they started to pleasure
themselves.  I had some experience from this type of thing from Mistress Sadie,
which helped me make it through without a constantly screaming for mercy.  I had
no idea who or what my torturers were, I only felt what they wished me to. 
Someone was stroking my back with a soft flail, while someone else jerked my
head up to place a cock in my mouth, another found my ass with a cock and on and
on it went plastic, latex and real cocks rotating in and out of me.  I did my
best to look good for Mistress Amy, finding places to hide in my mind, chasing
the ocean surf and breeze as the abuse continued.  My mind games were working
right up to the moment I heard a voice from hell, Mistress Sadie's.  "Oh my
little slut puppy did you miss Mistress's loving touch?" she whispered,  "Your
man-pussy ass is mine now, bitch!"  She continued coldly.  I did not give her
the pleasure of passing out or screaming as she probed my ass with fingers
before going to a full fisting.  "Oh look gang, the slut loves it" She squealed. 
I did not love her rough loving, but was proud I had learned to bear her abuse. 
Things continued this way for seven or so hours, before those assembled grew
bored with their toy.  As I silently lay there abused, exhausted sore and
confused I heard a new voice; "Mistress Amy, may I have a hand at this slaves
training?"  "What would you like to do with him, Mistress Donna?" Amy replied. 
"Pain management, Amy" She replied.  "Oh, an excellent idea, Mistress Donna.  He
has come a long way from his initiation, but could surely stand to learn more."
and with that began another chapter in my training.

Mistress Donna took me from the party room roughly leading me on all fours with
her leash to a room whose smell I recognized; Mistress Sadie's torture chamber. 
"Slave, the purpose of this training is to condition you to withstand pain.  I
will have you for at least four to six hours each day. This will be a
progressive training, I will add to your torture, teaching you to withstand the
pain."  She then proceeded to show that Mistress Sadie was not the only
dominatrix, who knew the cruel workings of rope.  She bound my hands behind me
and tied me to a whipping post.   She then placed a six-inch "C" clamp behind
each of my nipples biting into my pectoral muscles as she tightened them into
place.  She then looped a separate rope through each of these clamps then fed
the free ends of rope through separate ratcheting type pulleys these pulleys
click with each pull and hold the rope to that point.  I learned to dread the
sound of the pulley click as much as the ropes they tensioned.  Mistress Donna
applied tension, slowly watching my eyes.  When she was sure, I was sufficiently
in pain she dropped the ropes and returned to add to my torment.  Placing
thumbnut adjustable nipple clips on my now erect nipples, she ran cord from the
nipple clips and pulled tension on them as well.  My mind was racing, trying to
find a place to hide from the pain, but to no avail.  She only smiled wickedly
as she looped a small rope around the base of balls and cock cage and pulled
tension up on it also only from a separate direction.  This done she had
effectively placed me in such a position that there was no direction I could
move my body with out causing myself pain.  With my body immobilized by rope
tensions and the whipping post, she then after racking the tension up in all her
devices proceeded to stroke my back and ass with flail and riding crop.  I won't
lie, I screamed "Amazon" more than once, but my screams became less frequent as
each day passed.  Mistress Donna was cunning however; she never came for me
during the same time of day.  I learned not anticipate her actions and bear her
punishments with stoic fortitude.  I wondered however what had become of my
Mistress Gina.  I was soon to find out.  I was playing the classic Lead Zeppelin
"Stairway to Heaven" song in my head, heavy into the tail end of the guitar rift
towards the end of the piece; bearing the brunt of another of Mistress Donna's
"pain management" session, when Mistress Gina appeared.

"Slave still you do not understand.  Do you?" Mistress Gina asked.  "Ma'am?" I
questioned, through clenched teeth.  "You, fight the pain with your mind, the
purpose of the training is to accept the pain, consider it as you would pleasure
melding the two in your mind.  Teaching your body to recall the feelings, of
pain and pleasure and learning from both.  Do you understand?"  Mistress Gina
asked.  "No Mistress, this one does not," I answered slowly catching my breath
as she walked to two of the ropes, click, click and click, click.  "What do you
feel slave" "PAIN, my mistress burning mind bending pain."  "Breathe slave,
slowly count of six in and count of six out" she commanded as she walked to two
more ropes, click, click, click.  "Focus on your breathing only, do not allow
the pain to break your concentration."  Mustering all my energy I attempted to
follow Mistress Gina's commands, it was difficult with my skin and body
stretched and punished as it was.  Slowly, I flushed the pain with each exhale
and took in strength with each inhale.  "That's, better slave" Mistress Gina
purred as she made the rounds of the ropes again, click, click, click. 
"Mistress Donna, I would like to take over with this slave's training" Mistress
Gina pronounced.  "But of course my sister, feel free" Mistress Donna responded. 
My mind raced, here I had thought Mistress Gina to be a salvation of sorts and
now she had quickly surpassed one of my tormenters in capacity to deliver pain
in mere minutes.  "Slave, you have thought me to be kind, do not mistake
kindness for duty.  I taught the young Mistress Sadie how to break slaves. 
Unlike she, I am confidant in my abilities I am not forced to resort to bone
breaking torture to train my slaves.  Let me assure you that there are worse
tortures than that which you now endure, tortures that can break a slave without
touching.  You may not understand now, but you shall my dark skinned slave, I
promise you shall. Before I am finished with you, you will come to realize that
you are mine; when you are returned to the world in your dreams you will seek
your mistress and in your waking hours each morning you will fall to your knees
in contemplation asking how you may serve me. This I promise you."  My mind,
racing now not understanding completely only hearing the words tortures worse
than this ringing in my ears, my body and mind finding that impossible to
believe tortured as I was a the time.  Mistress Gina then released the tension
on all the devices, allowing a moments respite.  "Turn towards the whipping
post" she commanded.  I quickly did as I was told.  "Arms up."  Again, I quickly
put my arms in the air, as she attached the handcuffs to the ring on the pole
keeping me tied to the post.  She then removed the damned wire cage, I had grown
to hate so.  "Spread your legs, for Mistress"  Doing as I was told, I wondered
what next was to happen.  Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, came the answer as
Mistress used her crop on my back, buttocks and thighs.  Stepping in close she
trailed the crop on my inner thighs and whispered "How's that man pussy, today?" 
Before I could answer she had three fingers in me, expertly massaging my male
clit.  "Does Stephanie love Mistress's touch?"  Moaning softly I replied tears
running down my cheeks "Yes, my Mistress, your slut lives for your touch." 
"Breathe, slave"  Again I found myself focusing on my breath, washing the
pleasure into the same vat I had placed the pain.  "Good, girl" Mistress Gina
cooed, reaching with her gloved hand to my cock and balls.  "Now my little slut,
Mistress is going to teach you how to control this pathetic cock."   "Whose cock
is this, Stephanie?"  "Yours, Mistress."  "Do not ever forget that, slave" 
Strangely though aroused as I was from Mistress's silk gloved hand,
understanding slowly washed into my being.  I felt myself disjoined from my body
now, whether from the intense pain of the previous session or the pleasure I was
being allowed now, neither seemed to matter.  Perhaps, this was what I was here
to learn, I came to find this was my refuge.  The mind games I had played had
helped earlier for sure, but they did not bring the peace this revelation did, I
was overjoyed with the knowledge.  "Slave, Mistress sees something in those
brown eyes, something shining, tell her what that is" Slowly, haltingly I shared
what I had just found with Mistress.  "I am pleased. Do not forget how you got
there it is truly your refuge."  There are no words that adequately describe
what those words "I am pleased" mean to a slave, coming from a Mistress or
Master, those in the life will understand, those outside the life will never. 
With that the session was over and I was returned to my cell by one of the
Nubians.

"Stephanie" I quickly assumed the kneeling position, head down in the center of
my cell hearing Mistress Gina's voice.  "Good girl" Mistress cooed.  I have a
treat for you my fine slut, Mistress Lori wishes to have you for her pleasures. 
Clipping her leash to my collar, she led me to another room in the vast complex. 
There was large raised Diaz in the center of the room carpeted, and standing
there was the blonde Mistress Lori outfitted in black leather, with a large
strap on finishing her outfit.  "She has learned to float, sister Lori" Mistress
Gina said as she dropped my leash.  "Sister! You have brought her far then"
Mistress Lori exclaimed.  "Tis nothing my sister, some learn faster than others
is all" My Mistress Gina replied.  "Do you wish me to stay?"  "Please, do Gina,
I always enjoy your company and you never cease to amaze me with your teaching
abilities." Mistress Lori replied.  "As you wish"  Mistress Gina responded. 
"Crawl over here, slave" Mistress Lori commanded.  I quickly complied.  "Kneel" 
Again I did as I was told.  "Gina, don't those lovely boots of yours need
cleaning?"  Smiling an evil grin Mistress Gina replied "Yes, sister, they do." 
"Stephanie, clean your Mistress's boots for her" Mistress Lori commanded with a
quick crack of her riding crop on my back.  "Use your tongue, you stupid little
slut"  As Mistress Gina took to the Diaz, I quickly lapped each and every inch
of her fine footwear.  "That's such a good girl," Mistress Lori said.  "Now,
come here."  Kneeling before Mistress she quickly attached nipple clips with
long lead chains to each of my nipples.  "Now, assume the position"  Confused, I
knelt on hands and knees.  Mistress Lori quickly corrected me, kicking my hands
from under me.  Growling she said "When I say assume the position, your ass is
to be in the air, your chest on the floor and your arms stretched out in front
of you, do you understand?"  "Yes Mistress, this one understands." The only
reply a slave might make.  "Good"  "Nice dark skinned slave you have here
Mistress Gina, that ass is only missing one thing, my handprints"  "Count for me
Stephanie" "1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19,
20"  I counted as each blow landed.  "There, what do you think Gina, I think
that will do to start....nice red ass now"  "Lovely, Lori did you notice her
voice didn't even break during that?"  "Oh, you have done an outstanding job
with her" Mistress Lori replied.  "How's her pussy?"  "Oh, she is a fine slut,
she loves it now, watch as you take her, she humps back at you hard, hungry for
your cock," Mistress Gina explained.  "Really?"
I found it strange to be in a room and spoken about as though I weren't there,
but given what the entire experience had become this was but a small aberration
from the regime.  "Watch Lori," and with that Mistress Gina slowly trailed two
fingers down the crack of my ass.  Involuntarily my ass humped back to her
fingers, hungry to be had.  "Damn, Gina you have created a fine little slut,
slave," Mistress Lori exclaimed "Suck this you little whore, your salvia is
going to be your only lubrication, so you better do a good job of it." Returning
to a semi kneeling position, as Mistress Gina added fingers to my now full ass,
I hungrily sucked Mistress Lori's cock.  She grabbed my ears to pull my mouth
onto her monster.  "Good little whore, suck it down deep,"  Mistress Lori
laughingly said.  "Gina, you have done an outstanding job.  You should get bonus
pay for this one."
"I think I am going to take her out to dinner tonight, as a reward" Mistress
Gina replied a wickedly evil grin on her face.  Out to dinner, did she say out
to dinner? My mind worked hard to grasp the concept.  Little did I know then,
exactly what my Mistress had in mind.  The wonderings of the statement were soon
lost in the moment, as Mistress Lori, again commanded assume the position.  She
drove her cock into my ass, burying it to the hilt her first stroke.  I squirmed
from the size of the monster, then fell into the routine, humping back at her
thrusts matching her stroke for stroke.  "Good, little slut" Mistress Gina said
as she slowly fucked my mouth with the fingers she had just removed from my ass. 
"Like the taste of your man pussy, Stephanie?"  "Yes, my Mistress.  You know
your slut too well," I replied.  Mistress Lori continued to ride me, until the
sensation of her strap-on rubbing her clit caused her to cum, she then released
the strap-on leaving it buried deep in me.  "Should I let her cum, Gina?"  "She
has been a good little slut today, Lori.  Let me show you what else she can do,"
Mistress Gina said.  "Stephanie, show Lori what a good little slut you are." 
"Yes, Mistress," I replied, kneeling, leaning back on my calves, keeping the
cock buried deep in my ass, I started to ride the cock.  Reaching for my  own
cock, I started to stroke it, making sure I presented myself for proper viewing
of both Mistress, slowly riding up and down on the dildo and leaning far back so
that there was a clear view of both my dildo filled ass and my cock.  "May I
cum, Mistress?"  I asked.  "Not just yet, Stephanie," Mistress Gina replied in a
low husky voice that let me know she too was excited by what she was seeing.  I
continued, slowing my stroke on my cock, reaching down and grasping my balls
between a thumb and forefinger and pulling them to one side to allow a better
view of my stuffed ass.  "Please, Mistress may this one cum" I whimpered.  "Not
yet" was Mistress Gina's throaty response.  "I will tell you when you can." 
"Thank you, my Mistress," I replied, sweat running down my chest and face veins
popping in my neck.  "Cum, Stephanie" Mistress Gina commanded, flush with her
own joy.  Laying back, putting my head on the floor, grinding my ass into the
dildo, I came, spurting a long stream up my chest.  "Good little slut,
Stephanie.  Finish it"  I knew what Mistress meant as I scooped the hot cum off
my chest and funneled it into my mouth.  "Gina, you have done wonders with one
who was so hard headed to start," Mistress Lori breathed through her now what I
thought to be her third orgasm.  "Thank you my sister, but all have had a hand
in this one's training," Mistress Gina replied her voice to thick from repeated
joy.  "Slave, to your room."  And with that command this session was over.

I lay in my cot, playing back the conversation from the session.  Had she said,
take her to dinner?  What ever did that mean?  I was soon to find out. 
"Stephanie"  I quickly assumed the position of an obedient slave, kneeling naked
in the center of the room, head down.  "Put this on,"  Mistress Gina commanded
as she tossed me a purple silk toga.  I quickly dressed and returned to the
obedient position.  Mistress Gina then placed a blindfold over my eyes and said
stand as she clipped her leash to my collar.  I followed her to outside, I could
tell from the breeze and sun on my skin.  "Get in" she commanded as she stopped
at the rear of a car an opened the truck.  Though now confused, I quickly
obeyed.  She drove for what seemed like two hours, but time for me had become a
stranger.  Funny how in the world I could nail time down to the minute, here in
this strange place time had simply become a concept either I was being used,
being trained or in my cell feeling I had relearned but time was nothing.  I
knew we had arrived when the car stopped moving and the engine shut off. 
Mistress Gina was at the trunk commanding me to get out, checking to make sure
her blindfold was still in place.  Earlier in my training, I may have been
tempted to remove the blindfold, I was not that stupid now.  She led me into
what felt like a private home, I say this as there were no long winding
corridors, just short hallways.  "Take off the toga, put your arms up, and step
back one step" Mistress commanded.  I quickly did as I was told, feeling a
familiar object on my back, a St. Andrews Cross.  Mistress quickly secured my
waist, arms and legs to the cross, removing the blindfold as a last gesture. 
"This is my private chamber, slave.  Few have had the honor of visiting here
from the institute. You will remain silent while here, do you understand?"  I
simply nodded my head, yes.  Smiling an evil grin Mistress Gina, pulled the
heavy black out curtains in front of the cross, throwing me back into total
darkness.  I stayed this way for what seemed again like hours, but then as I
have previously explained, my concept for time was weak now.  Mistress Gina
reappeared, dressed in a black leather skintight dress, carrying a straight
razor and a lathering cup.  She smiled her wickedly evil grin as she noticed the
discomfort in my eyes. "Don't you trust your Mistress?" she asked.  "With all,"
I weakly replied not sure what now was to happen to me.  "Oh Stephanie, Mistress
told you she was taking you to dinner, didn't she" I nodded yes.  "Perhaps, you
didn't understand, my fine slut.  You are going to dinner, as a woman"
She paused for effect letting the last three words sink into my mind  "Surely,
you did not think you were going out as a "man", my fine little slut.  Did you?" 
My mind now racing, not knowing what to say, or how to say it I remained silent
hoping to disappear rather than go through this belittlement.  "Cat, has my
little girl's tongue, does it?" Mistress purred, as she loosed the binding on my
legs and commanded me to be still as she lathered up my legs and with her
straight razor began removing my body hair.  "Hummmm, nice tanned legs, should I
put you in a mini skirt, my little girl?"  I'm praying not, keeping all thought
to myself at the moment afraid to speak.  "Be very still now my little slut, do
not cause Mistress to damage her property"  She pronounced as she reached my
cock and nuts with her straight razor.  She was expert with the razor, and
shortly every hair I had ever had, was gone, face, arms, chest all nude and bare
now.  Stepping back to admire her handiwork, she smiled "Ah yes, that's more
like it."  Loosening my arms and waist, she took my cock and balls and tucked
them as she placed a tight girdle of sorts on me, she of course plugged her
little slut with a large vibrating butt plug before pulling the girdle up. 
"There now, go sit in the barber's chair there."  As I sat in the chair she
started applying base makeup on me and plucking my eyebrows, very expertly I had
to admit when she spun the chair to the mirror, exclaiming "Stephanie, what a
nice looking girl you are."  And with those words, handed me a pair of panty
hose, a bra and a loose step in style, mid-calve length, midnight blue dress
split open to the thigh.  "Lets see how well you can do with these," she
laughed, knowing the pantyhose and bra were going to kick my ass.  I struggled
with the hose and after about ten minutes had them on.  The bra was even more
difficult, how was it as a young man I could remove one of these contraptions
with two fingers of one hand and now could not get the thing on with both hands. 
Mistress laughed at my efforts and stepped behind me to secure the device, then
quickly filled it with some false latex breasts.  I stepped into the dress, and
again she had to help me as she stepped around to zip up the dress.  Thankfully
the shoes she had chosen were flats, kind of a clog affair similar to sandals, I
would have been falling every other step had she put me in six inch heels.  She
then picked a short wig, and had me sit as she placed it on my head and finished
with the final makeup application.  "My! Stephanie, Mistress believes that even
your wife or mother would not recognize you, we will stop on the way and have
your nails done.  Now you sit here while Mistress prepares herself for the
evening."  I sat quietly while Mistress retired to another portion of the house. 
She returned, shortly dressed in a black sheer see through silk evening gown
with a gold beaded front. The beads covering, her breasts which stood proudly,
unfettered by a bra and her public area again au natural.  Knock out gorgeous,
my training almost disappeared as a whistle was forming on my lips, thankfully
it never escaped.  "Come Stephanie, we have an evening planned."  I stood and
walked, only to have Mistress yell "Not like a man, twist that ass when you
walk, keep those knees together!"  "Stop, right there that collar must go!"  I
bowed to mistress as she removed the collar I had worn for well over four weeks,
replacing the collar with a silk scarf she laughingly said to cover my Adam's
apple that was a dead giveaway for my sexual identity.  At this point, I was
beginning to wonder whom or what I was and would I ever be "normal" again. 
Mistress Gina, looking into the confusion in my large brown eyes smiled as she
placed a gold rope chain with a charm on it around my neck, floating the charm
between my "breasts" "This should get you some stares Stephanie."  I looked into
the mirror on the wall and almost laughed out loud, the charm was large and no
mistaking what it was, a lioness mounting a lion.  Mistress Gina, smiling ear to
ear led me to her car a candy apple red Lincoln Mark 8, loaded with sunroof,
leather interior, power everything down to butt warmer in seat, I shit you not. 
As she pulled out of her subdivision and onto the interstate I began to
understand how complete a transformation she had wrought in me, as guys in
trucks, pickups to eighteen-wheelers started to try to hit on us.  She only
laughed as she kicked the powerful car's motor in the ass and left them in the
dust.  Soon she pulled into a nail salon, where she came in and sat beside me as
I had my nails done.  The operators had apparently seen men, much worse dressed
than me and only smiled as they fulfilled Mistress's requests, expertly adding
to my nail length and finishing them off in a translucent shade of red. 
Mistress paid and tipped the operator nicely and turned saying, "Now Stephanie,
lets go eat I am starved."  My heart jumped in my throat as she pulled up the
hotel, the same that I had previously been staying in prior to being abducted by
the government or whomever these people were, perhaps now would be time for me
to make a break for it.  "Have you had the pasta here? It is to die for"
Mistress Gina said, snapping me out of my train of thought.  Leaning close to my
head she whispered these words, words which were to haunt me until I die "You
want to run, bitch....run....Know this if you do, You will never...never...find
happiness again...You run, and we all turn our back on you....you have come to
want the life too much, needing our attention just as you need the air you
breath...run and pay or stay and play...the choice is yours." I looked brazenly
into her blue eyes, my brown eyes blazing the fire of life "This one will not
run, I cannot, now as well you know."  "Good girl" Mistress cooed in much the
same manner and sound she would have used had I just taken her largest offering
into my man pussy without flitching.  The restaurant was a lovely accompaniment
to the fine hotel with a French cuisine and a grand wine list.  The maitre d'
fell over himself trying to please Mistress, making me think that he perhaps was
a client of Mistress, I kept these thoughts to myself but based on the seating
arrangements we received I think perhaps I was right.  The waiter was
professional, but human I caught him staring at the charm Mistress had given me
to wear.  I demurely played it off, even attempted a little flirting; this
brought a broad smile to Mistress's lips.  Our meal went off without a hitch,
all seven courses and a two bottles of fine French Chardonnay white wine over a
two-hour period.  I found myself, needing the use of the restroom and mentioned
the same to Mistress.  "Come, let us go Stephanie" Mistress playfully said.  Not
feeling any pain, I stood remembering to walk as Mistress had instructed, I
paused at the entrance to the Men's room.  "Wrong room, you silly girl" Mistress
hissed.  Confused I entered the women restroom, hoping to pull this off without
a hitch.  Thankfully there were no other patrons.   I entered a stall fought
with the panty hose while pulling the dress up under my arms.  Mistress opened
the stall door and laughed out loud, "Stephanie you are such a mess, what am I
going to do with you?"  "Please help me before someone comes in here" I begged. 
"Tisk, Tisk, what if they do, Stephanie"  "Now get those panty hose and that
girdle down and get sitting on the toilet to use it, like a lady" she coldly
commanded.  "Do not come out until you have finished, and come out as perfectly
as Mistress made you.  Do you understand?"  "Yes, ma'am" the only reply I could
muster.  I made it back to table in time for coffee and desert.  Mistress smiled
at me, "You did well."  "Thank you, Mistress" I'm sure the restaurant patrons
thought she and I to be lesbian lovers as she leaned over and kissed my mouth,
long and deep, probing with her tongue.  "Mistress is horny, my slave.  Care to
come home with me?  Play in my room?"  Putting a hand behind her head and
pulling her ear to my mouth I answered, "It would be an honor, my mistress"
sliding my mouth to hers and sucking her lips into my mouth, biting them,
knowing that there would be hell to pay for my brashness.  It was near eleven
thirty that night when we returned to the home of Mistress Gina, her demeanor
changed from festive to feisty in about three nanoseconds once we crossed the
threshold.  Pointing me in the direction of her playroom she commanded "Make
your way quickly to the playroom, once there, find the marble table, bend over
it, as you are and wait for me there."  I quickly obeyed, finding and laying
over, though clothed on the cold smooth marble tabletop; my eyes surveyed the
room completely for the first time. There was a St. Andrews Cross with brass
ring recessed tie points measured out every foot, allowing for any size victim;
recessed four feet into an alcove of one wall with the dark blue heavily lined
curtains to cover it, and a victim from sight.  With the curtains, closed and
the victim gagged, no one would ever know there was anything there.  Towards one
end of the room was an old style leather barber chair, innocent looking enough
to be considered a conversation piece in a sitting room.  I was to find through
the course of the night, that the "attachments" to the chair were stored in the
ceiling to floor wall cabinets behind the chair, as were Mistress's "toys". 
Those attachments could effectively immobilize anyone, sitting in the barber
chair to Mistress's satisfaction.  On each side of the cross were two large
silver candleholders, to allow low-level illumination of the room and a source
for hot wax. The ceiling of the room formed with large exposed wooden beams, tie
points for restraints cleverly hidden from view.  On a track lights mounted
between the beams were bright spotlights, to be used to blind the victim held on
the cross from seeing his tormenters.  My wait for Mistress was not long; she
appeared dressed in her black leather dome outfit and sporting a strap-on, which
I had never seen before.  She paused for effect allowing me to view her toy as
she bound my hands to the far side of the table legs with leather thongs. 
"Stephanie, do you like Mistress's toy?" she coyly asked.  "It is beautiful, my
Mistress," I replied.  And truly it was, black patent leather 18" long and 2" in
diameter; it was a monster.  With gloved hand she brushed my pantyhose encased
legs, "Nice, my little slut.  Is that man pussy, wet for Mistress?" The butt
plug she had placed in me, four hours ago had my ass molten the batteries were
now weak from having run on high, all that time.  "Yes my Mistress, it is," I
murmured.  "Tell Mistress, what is it that you want."  "I want Mistress happy." 
"No, my little slut....tell Mistress what you want, what you need...tell her and
you shall receive it.  Keep beating around the bush and you could be in for a
very long and......... painful evening...Do you understand?"  "Take me Mistress,
please....your little sluts man pussy needs to be fucked." I begged.  "That's a
good girl," Mistress Gina softly purred as she pulled up my dress, taking her
straight razor to remove the portions of panty hose and girdle blocking her
access to my ass and cock.  Using the remnants from the pantyhose she tightly
bound first my balls and then my cock.  Removing the butt plug, she wiped it on
my legs, pulled out the batteries, walked around and stuffed it in my mouth
pronouncing with an evil grin "Here my little slut, this should keep you from
screaming as I have my way with you."  She then proceeded to lavishly lubricate
her strap-on and my ass, balls and cock with what she laughingly called "Gina
oil."  This she explained was warm to the touch, but grew warmer with friction. 
Feeling the tingling burn now, I wondered how much warmer it would become. 
"Burn you a new asshole warmer," is what I was to find out.  The evening's wine
had affected both our bodies.  But in Mistress it had brought out more of the
aggressor, something terrible to behold as a bound slave.  She took her time,
placing the tip of her sword at my ass opening, slowly rubbing the tip in large
circles over my ass and balls.  Her ridding crop landing over my partially clad
ass cheeks, leaving red whelps with each deliberately delivered stroke.  She was
in her element, unafraid of taking charge and delivering whatever punishment she
thought fit.  Slowly at first, she entered with her monster describing to me in
great detail what a lovely sight my man pussy was as her "cock" entered me.  She
then without warning, grabbed my hips and slammed her monster home to the hilt. 
"Love it, don't you my cunt," she roared with delight.  "Thank you my Mistress,"
I knew was my only response, as my ass started to truly burn from her "loving"
and Gina oil.  Suddenly however I found myself overcome with lust and humping
back into her thrusts, matching her stroke for stroke.  "My what a good little
cunt you have become, my Stephanie.  You please mistress greatly."  She
continued her rough loving, the whole time demanding that I beg her for more. 
She knew her little slut well, as I loudly begged, whimpered and whined for more
of her loving.  I could sense from the tone in her voice she was nearing orgasm
as her pounding massaged both my ass and her clit.  She fell over my back as she
came, releasing her strap-on from its mooring, leaving it buried deeply within
me she commanded me to follow' her to her chair as she loosed the binds on my
wrists.  Moving quickly, or as quickly as one so stuffed and burning as I could
move.  I made my way to her chair, where there sat Mistress, her lovely clit and
pussy exposed.  She had me kneel before her and watch as she continued to excite
herself with gloved hand.  My cock, which had been aroused earlier, now went to
rock hard causing the pantyhose binding to cut deeper into my flesh.  "Now, my
little slut puppy come lap Mistress's cum," Mistress commanded "And don't dare
even think about coming yourself, until I give you permission to do so. You do
understand, don't you?"  "You do not have permission to touch Mistress with
anything other than your tongue.  Understood?"  Happily I knelt and lapped up
her sweet cum, pausing to suck on her swollen clit, watching her eyes as my
tongue brought her to orgasm after orgasm.  Sated after a time, Mistress then
commanded me to take her position in the chair, where she started attaching
clothespins to my swollen sack and cock.  Having me stand before her as she did
these things, and remove the dress and bra so that she might add nipple clips
with long lead chains to my erect nipples.  "Sit down," she ordered.  I quickly
obeyed.  She then proceeded to breakout the attachments to the chair, strapping
me down using the legs devices so that my legs were spread wide open, and my ass
still stuffed with her monster, available for additional use.  She then lowered
the back to the chair so that she could easily straddle my face, and taking the
lead chains from the nipple clips in hand she proceeded to do exactly that
grinding her wetness into my face and pulled the clamps towards herself. 
"Release your cock and ball restraints, my slut and cum for your mistress," she
commanded continuing to grind her wetness in my face.  I gladly obeyed,
releasing the bonds and taking my cock in hand while hungrily accepting her wet
dripping cunt with my mouth and tongue.  "Float on this feeling, Stephanie.
Remember it.  Hold it in your memory to use in times of duress," Mistress
breathed heavily as she spurted another batch of her hot sweet cum in my mouth. 
My mind burning bright white light searing through to my soul, I came, as I have
never cum, before or since.  "You know my rules, Stephanie," Mistress sternly
spoke as she stepped to one side of the chair.  I dutifully scooped the cum I
had sprayed on my stomach and worked it into my mouth.  "Good girl" Mistress
said as she walked around to retrieve her strap-on from my stretched and
throbbing ass.  "Go to the shower and get cleaned up, you will find your clothes
in the closet there.  You are going home."  My mind numb, my ears not believing
what they had heard I stammered, "Ma'am."  "You heard me, your training is
finished.  You are going home."  Home, back to the real world my mind was racing
trying to accept the concept and suffering from culture shock at the same time. 
"Ma'am did this one displease you?" I asked in the tone of a helpless child. 
"No, you have pleased your Mistress greatly.  It is time however for you to go." 
Dazed and confused I made my way to the shower, the first real shower I had
taken in over four weeks, as the cell had been a bucket of cold water and a
sponge to bath with.  I stood under the shower head allowing the hot water to
beat down on my body, almost scalding hot as I lathered and rinsed twice still
in shock.  Looking in the mirror on the wall, I almost did not recognize the
person I saw standing before the glass.  I had lost most of my tan from being
kept inside.   I had also lost about fifteen pounds finally getting to the 172
pounds recommended for my six-foot height.  I had gained additional muscle
definition from fighting the ropes and other devices used to restrain and train
me.  The most striking difference the one that scared me most, the almost zealot
fire in my eyes, the look of one who has been through the fire and seen the fire
and survived the test.   As I toweled and dressed, the questions came rushing to
my mind, questions of what was I going to tell my wife concerning my lack of
body hair.  Mistress Gina must have been reading my mind as she stood at the
doorway to bathroom clothed in a short cotton robe.  "Tell her it was a part of
your medical treatment."  Startled, I jumped she had a strange way of ghosting
in on me when I was not expecting her.  "Thank you, ma'am," I replied regaining
a little composure.   "You have come a long way in a short time, Steve.  Farther
than most ever get.  Now is the time I am to hand to glass of chemically laced
wine, to befuddle you.  To make you think, all of this was but a dream.  You
have come to far for me to do that to you."  Understanding exactly what she had
just said I murmured a heartfelt "Thank you."  "Know this, Steve you remain one
of my favorites.  Check your e-mail when you return to the world, there will be
a message from me.  I command now that you each and every day mail to the return
address shown a description of what you have learned.  You may give reason in
advance for not sending, but you must have valid reasons.  Do you understand me? 
I tell you now my reach is long.  Should you fail to follow my commands, you
shall pay dearly.  Am I understood?"  "Completely, my Mistress," I answered, no
longer caring why I had been held and to whose advantage it had been.  "Your
truck is in the garage, leave now and take this with you," Mistress Gina
commanded as she pressed into my hand a gold rope chain with a large locket, the
locket face inscribed with the familiar lioness mounting a lion. "When all else
fails you, you may use this to summon help."  "Mistress, will I be able to see
you again?" I asked in the tone of heartbroken child.  Pulling my face to her
face she kissed me long warm and deeply her tongue probing every inch of my
mouth, pulling me close she whispered "No my dark angel, you have your path and
I have mine."  Sensing my pain of loss she added, "I shall also continue to mail
you, it will not be everyday or even every week but you will recognize my mail
as coming from Mistress_Gina.  It must be this way, Steve do not fight it."
Squeezing me tightly she added "Don't you cry either, my slaves only cry,
whimpering for my permission."  Confused and stunned I made my way to the
garage, fumbling with the keys opened the door, climbed in and drove away, a
thousand questions running through my mind.  The why and who and what for
questions: questions that were better left unanswered I decided, if I wanted to
keep the little sanity I had left.  I drove mechanically through the night,
putting some road tunes in the CD player, a selection of my old time favorites,
familiar friends of mine, was what I needed.  Rolling Stones "Sympathy for the
Devil", REO "Riding the storm out", Golden Earring "Radar Love", Bachman Turner
Overdrive "Taking Care of Business", Allman Brother's "Whipping Post", Marshall
Tucker Band "Can't You See", Black Sabbath "War Pigs", Pink Floyd's "Brain
Damage" and "The Wall" intertwined with some reflective music Don Mclean
"Vincent", Sarah McLachlan "Possession" and "Angel", I had made the CD myself
back in the real world but found I could not bear the reflective music and kept
advancing through those selections.  Using the familiar sounding guitar, drums
and vocals to wash the questions from my brain, as I drove on through the night. 
Waiting for morning, I called my wife about 7.30am to let her know I was on the
way home and should be there by 3pm.  The delight in her voice was unmistakable,
as she quickly added that I should drive carefully and she would be waiting for
me.  The rest of the drive was uneventful, the truck and I had covered portions
of the road so many times in the past it was, as if the truck were on autopilot.

I pulled into the driveway twenty minutes after three.  My wife threw open the
door to greet me, running out to the truck to my open arms and a long hug and
kiss.  I brought my bags into the house, with her asking two thousand questions
in the span of ten minutes.  "Honey give me some time please, I don't have
answers for all your questions," I wearily replied.  "Didn't they update you,
daily?"  "Oh yes they did, forgive me darling. You know how I am," she
responded.  "Tell me what they told you and I try to fill in the blanks, right
after I get a shower.  Ok?"  She told me of how she had been contacted at work;
concerning my "infection" and that she had been updated on my treatments. 
Breathing a silent sigh of relief, I kissed her and headed for the shower saying
I would fill in the blanks as best I could in a few minutes.  I lathered in the
shower, taking my time in the hot water, attempting to wash away the memories. 
I grabbed a towel wrapping it around myself, making my way towards the spare
bedroom to grab some shorts, when I heard my wife calling "Stephanie come here." 
Now she on rare occasion picking at me had used that name so I thought nothing
of it as I walked into my home office where the computer was set up.  "Assume
the position, you little slut," she sternly commanded, a wickedly evil grin
spreading across her face as she stood there with a 14" strap-on slowly stroking
it with on hand.  "What are you doing?" I asked mesmerized by her outfit, and
hand as it slowly slid up and down the oiled shaft.  "I am taking over your
training, "follow up treatment" you might say" her voice stern.  "NOW, YOU
LITTLE SLUT ASSUME THE POSITION OR BEAR THE CONSEQUENCES!!"  I quickly assumed
the position, the one Mistress Lori had taught me, and it pleased her as she
roughly took me.  It was not until we were nearly finished, that I hear a
familiar voice through the computer, Mistress Gina coaching "Give it to the
slut, she loves it."  My wife replied, "Do not worry sister Gina, she will be
mine from now on, every night and thank you sister for sharing his training
tapes with me."  Mistress Gina replied, "You are welcome sister, she will make
you good property."  "Tapes," I asked, "There are tapes of my training?"  "We
see you now, Stephanie......what made you think...others did not see your
training...You signed your rights away, remember?...You been quite a hit in
certain circles...The videos, you enjoyed in the club...do you not
think...others enjoyed...your "training"......hell....parts of it are in the
internet introduction to the club."  Mistress Gina slowly explained.

Ending One
I feel asleep exhausted, used and abused to some extent but sleeping in my own
bed for a change I slept the dreamless sleep of the dead.  I awoke to the sound
of the Eagles "Welcome to the Hotel California"  "You can check out anytime you
like but you like, but you can never leave." Blasting from my radio alarm clock. 
I reach for alarm squinting to make out the time, damn...got to get up.. that
was a hell of a dream.  Got that long drive to Atlanta, to start in the morning
two-week seminar, damn what was the name of that place I saw on the web..."The
Big Cat Club"... I got to check that place out if I can...........Hummmmmmm 
dream or premonition, you decide.



Ending Two

Date August 28, 2025

The young Atlanta homicide detective threw the papers to the floor scowling
after his second reading "HE wanted someone to know, Tony.  I just find it hard
to believe. You have read it.  What do you think?"  "Mike, I remember the place
he talked about in the letter, it is called Gina's now, over off Peachtree Blvd. 
When I worked vice as a rookie we tried busting the place.  There was a big
stink real big stink, from on high, way up high.  We tried anyway but found
nothing there resembling his description.  You're the computer expert, anything
on his machine to give us another clues?"  "It's an old 20 giga hertz Pentium
12, Mike....Hell, it's still using a keyboard for input...I'll try, but it's
going to take time."  "Hey Tony, you see that in his hand?"  "What?" "That
locket, you remember the one he described?"  True enough, dangling in the dead
man's hand was the exact locket described in the letter.  "Mike, this is getting
weird man" the older detective said.  "What does your analyzer show on his blood
work?"  "Nothing, not one thing out of order, I've run every test, no reason for
this guy to be dead." Mike worked his way into the older computer, barely
remembering the operating system and how to manipulate a keyboard, the thought
sensor machines of the present so much easier to operate.  What was it they
called those things back then? "Folders" that was it look in the explore system
folders.  "Tony! I think I found something."  "What?"  "It's a file folder
called 'Mistress' it has entries dating back to June 2000, damn large file.  It
has chat conversations, e-mails, voice and video file extensions, going to take
some time going through to find if there is anything here."  "Look at some of
the last entries, see if there is anything there, to give us any clues." 

August 12, 2025:  To Mistress Gina, From Slave 02/ Stephanie
My mistress, It has been two years now since my beloved Mistress and Wife,
departed....funny how I always thought it would be me to leave first, the life
as a slave however has been good to me...kept me in shape...~WEG~.......I don't
think I had ever told you she was thirteen years older than I.....even with all
the modern miracles.....some are just too expensive for common folks...and we
made a pact forty years ago....we would not allow....the other to be kept
chained here....to a machine.....I held her hand...as she departed.....my
life...has been so....empty.....without her, loving discipline.....I am
lost.....for....these twenty five years...I have never begged to be let go...But
now, I beg you my mistress.........permission to leave......I cannot stand the
emptiness, the loneliness any longer........steph.



August 14, 2025: To Slave 02/Stephanie  From Mistress Gina
Mistress, having given your request careful consideration.... commands that
you...go back to your starting point......get your affairs in order and be
there....No later than August 28, 2025....~G~

August 27, 2025:  To Mistress Gina: From Slave 02/Stephanie
My Mistress, I have returned as you commanded.....Same hotel.....might you meet
this one for dinner?

August 27, 2025:  To Slave 02/Stephanie  From Mistress Gina
My Place.......you remember the way?

August 27, 2025:  To Mistress Gina From Slave 02/Stephanie
It is etched in my mind..........7.30?

"What else? Tony ......what else is there"    "That's it Mike....no other
entries"   "So what do we call it?"  Natural causes, suicide...or what?"  
Natural causes for now, we don't have anything else let's take that computer
downtown dig through it see if we can come up with anything. 

I laughed to myself as I floated on out the room, knowing they had just
destroyed the hard drive to the computer when they powered it down.  They had no
way of knowing, computers now days were not as prone to viruses as my old model. 
I had loaded a particularly ugly creature into the system right after printing
the story..........they would never be able to recover the final voice chat.

Steph:  My mistress, you told me many years ago to use the locket in times of
extreme duress.....this is my first time...what should I do?
Gina:     Hold it in your hand tightly....and float for Mistress...
Steph:    That's it.....all I am to do?
Gina:      Has Mistress, ever lied to you.....STEPHANIE?
Steph:     No ma'am.....given me harsh punishments....I remember...the one
time...you did not speak to me....for almost a year......I almost quit sending
your daily mail..thinking what was the use....but remembered your
punishments....here...and thought better of it...
Gina:    That was business of your Mistress....and it is good you did not fail
my command...I still remember my rope tricks.
Steph:   I am ready....
Gina:    Float free and be free....when you see the boatman, wait....I will meet
you there....You have pleased and helped Mistress, she wishes to continue your
services on the other side.
Steph:  I understand....thank you.....be well my Mistress
Gina:   And you also.....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  splatter_GB


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





