BDSM Library - The Study of Lust




The Study of Lust
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My girlfriend Lori made me a bet that she had the body and attitude to be able to make another guy participate a first time bi-sexual encounter in exchange for a (slim)chance to have sex with here. I accepted.
The Study of Lust

Lori is an exceptionally energetic individual. She was about 5'5" with long
blond hair, a body that would not stop and a killer smile. She was the type of
girl that I thought I could never have. I met her while stopping into a diner to
fix a jukebox, where she was a waitress. Our paths crossed, as she showed me
where the broken jukebox was in the basement. During our brief encounter, our
eyes met, her smile consumed me, and thoughts of hitting on her became more
prevelant than fixing the broken music box. Being shy, I left her a note to call
me if interested in some fun. I never expected to hear from here, but I
did...That night!

We started dating, and I was in new uncharted territory. To my delight,I found
out that Lori is a  nympho, and knows how to use her body to get what she wants.
Weeks of sex and learning about each other went on by, until she felt it
necessary to show me just how good I had it, for the purpose of securing a long
term commitment from me (marriage). She hinted that I better act fast, or she
might have to move on. Not ready to make that kind of commitment, I played it
down telling her to be patient. She reminded me that she could have any guy she
wanted, a fact that I could not disagree with but decided to challenge for the
hell of it. I was intrigued by her attempts to "capture" me using sex as a tool.
A tool she handled very, very well.

One night, after doing some lines and playing around, I was horny enough to
bring up her "challenge" about having a guy do some very self humiliating things
just to be with her. The idea that she could (and would) tempt another guy with
her body to have sex with another guy made me uncontrollably horny and the very
thought brought me to orgasm. I asked Lori to be specific, and detail how she
would do it. She said " you tell me who and where, and what you want me to make
them do". We discussed a few options such as her picking up a guy, telling him
she is involved in an open relationship, and then offering to bring him home if
he agreed to group activities. She would guarantee him nothing, but suggest that
if she was turned on enough, he might get lucky with her. The other option was
closer to home. I lived with a roommate, who really liked her and often jerked
off in his room when she was around. His name is Bob. He has seen her scantily
clad several times, and she (and I) enjoyed when she teased him, flirted with
him, and got him going only to excuse herself to have sex with me. Bob and I had
the type of relationship in which I would take serious advantage of him,
whenever I felt it necessary. I was really rotten to him sometimes. In turn, he
would have no problem screwing her given the chance. He would chalk  it up to me
"getting what I deserved". Lori and I decided that it would be easier to try her
plan on him, being there already. I always secretly thought that her nymphoism
and lust for lust made her a candidate for cheating on me, perhaps with him.
Strangely, this thought excited me for soom reason. Lori said," we will hang out
one night when he's around, invite him to do some lines, and set the stage for
some fun". She would tell him that tonight I was to be her sex slave, to pay off
a debt. I would confirm this in his presence. Anticipating Bob's suspicious
attitude with this scenario, she would demonstrate her power over me by making
me do things, right in front of Bob. Once convinced that it was for real, she
would ask him if HE wanted to be her sex slave too. He would have to agree to do
whatever she said, and maybe, just maybe, he would get to touch her!. I did not
know the specifics of her plan, but she told me that if I do what she says, Bob
will too. Her goal was to prove to me that she could make Bob have sex with
another guy, which was me, to win her bet. I was intrigued and agreed to play
along. I was curious to see what see would make him do...suck my cock, take it
up the ass, etc? I was excited thinking about him taking my cock in his mouth,
especially in front of her!

That night the plan was put into action. She wore the appropriate sexy shorts
and cut off tee shirt exposing lots of skin. I was wearing only bikini
underwear. She invited him into our room to do some drugs, and hang for a while.
He did not hesitate a minute. He eyed us both, wondering whats up. She then told
him that I was a bad boy, and as a result had to be her sex slave for the
evening. Bob smiled and said "that sounds like fun". Lori said" This is
serious...I expect my slaves to prove their loyalty and do WHATEVER I say". He
looked at me and said to Lori " What are you going to make him do? She replied "
Im not sure....What do you suggest?" He grinned from ear to ear as he thought
about it. Bob finally suggested that she make me play with myself right there
and then. Lori said " OK Chris, why dont you stroke yourself hard for your
friend?" "I want you to try and turn him on" Bob was wearing shorts and a tee
shirt, probably with no underwear, as we saw a slight bulge begin to grow in his
pants. I layed back and although a little embarrassed started to rub my cock as
they watched and smiled. She said " you like masturbating in front of BOB, don't
you?" Playing along, I said" If it turns you on Lori, it turns me on". She said
it does, very much so. She then ordered me to take my cock out of my underwear
and stroke it hard, but not to cum. As I complied, she asked Bob if his meat was
larger than mine, hinting that she wanted more "size". He said yes, of course!.
She then asked Bob to show us his cock. He hesitated, until she walked over and
caressed his bulge through his shorts. ( I was a bit uncomfortable with that,
but didn't say anything). His cock now hung out from his very short shorts leg,
and in reality was no bigger than my own. Lori then said" What else shall we
make him do Bob?" Before he answered, she ordered me to lay on my back, with my
head hanging slightly off the bed. I did so, while still stroking myself slowly.
She the led Bob to the foot of the bed so he was standing right over my face
with his thing hanging about 2 inches from my mouth. She stood behind him and
reached around his waist to stroke his meat until it got rock hard. She told me
to look at it, and ordered me to stroke myself faster. She then said " Chris, I
want you to relax and open your mouth very wide" I was stating to freak out but,
but played along anyway. She positioned his cock right over my mouth and even
made it touch my lip slightly. Bob was now stiff and dripping, anticipating that
I would soon be sucking his cock. I couldn't believe he was participating so
easily. She asked him if he would like to stick it in my mouth, and he said " If
its alright with Chris"...Lori said "Its not up to him, its up to me. With that
bob said "If you want me to, i will" He looked into my eyes for approval, but
did not gat any. Lori then told him to look at my dick, still hard from my
strokes. She said laughingly" He seems to want you too, wouldn't you say?"

She added" Would you like him to gentle y suckle it, slowly, or would you rather
furiously fuck his face and blow your load into his mouth"? He explained in
detail how he wanted me to make love to it, and beg for his load. I was getting
impatient now, wondering when the tide would turn. Would she make me do it?
Would I? Definetly not, this game was going to end soon if things did not
change. Sensing this she said " OK, enough for now. Its time to snort some
lines. She let him go first, then told him to leave, as she had plans for me. He
said " Cant I stay? PLEEEEEEASE!!"

He must have thought he was going to get some, from someone. She then finally
put step 2 of her plan in motion. She asked him if HE wanted to be her sex slave
also. Without hesitation, he said YES!!, "but what will I have to do?" Lori
replied. "whatever I say", "If you agree, you might get some sex tonight".

UNDER THE INFLUENCE of the drugs, he agreed. He was obviously very aroused and
horny.

she told him to strip down so she can examine his body.

After doing this, she told me to get up and him to take my place. He did so
willingly. He must have figured that After what I just did, he had nothing to be
ashamed of, and maybe he would get laid!

Lori ordered him to stroke his cock, and commented how nice it looked. She said
that watching him do so got her very horny, and it did.

Now it was my turn to stand over is face, as she strokes me right over it. She
told Bob to open wide. He jumped a bit and said "NO WAY!, Im not putting a cock
in my mouth". Lori grabbed his balls and said "I see...you said you would do
what I say, didn't you? Now Im pissed, get out. Too bad, I was going to fuck
your brains out later" Bob lay there in some pain as she squeezed his balls, not
giving him the chance to get up and leave. She pushed me aside and straddled his
face with her thighs so he was looking right at her beautiful pussy. She then
offered him another chance and he could not refuse. She had him. She got off his
face, and moved me into position again. She then asked Bob, what he thought of
my cock. He didn't answer. She ordered him to spread his legs, and stroke
himself while my cock hung an inch from his face. She said " Bob, you will
answer yes to all my questions, no matter what I ask. He agreed. She asked him "
don't you think Chris has a sexy body? Bob said "yes". She asked " you like his
thighs, ass an cock, don't you?" He said "yes". She asked one last question,
"would you suck chris's cock for me? He said "yes".

With that, she told him to lay back, relax, and open wide. She then placed the
tip of my penis in his mouth, and to my surprise, he placed his lips around the
head and waited for further instructions. I was getting into it like you could
not believe!! She ordered him to gentle y suck on it, making sucking sounds as
loud as possible. He did. She then took over the stroking of his cock, which
responded by getting rock hard. He he was, a guy sucking my cock, and having a
hard-on at the same time! She gave him verbal praise, telling him he was a good
slave now. While he was suckling my cock, Lori looked at me and lipped to me
"Watch this". She asked him "You are enjoying this, aren't you?" He nodded
"yes". I came in his mouth several times that night. The night went on, and she
had him do many things...all humiliating. She never had sex with him that night,
but offered the possibility in the future if he was a good boy.

He was now truly her slave. The next day he said that it was interesting, but
was very shy and kept to himself for a long time. He took every opportunity to
see me in my underwear from then on..I believe he liked servicing me.

Lori, needles to say, won the bet. I was impressed.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chris Hibbard


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





