BDSM Library - Blackmailing Beth




Blackmailing Beth
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He knew the shameful history of this librarian and blackmailed her into his personal sex slave.
INTRODUCTION

Beth is the head librarian at one of the San Francisco branch libraries.  She is
in her early thirties, and dresses like most librarians, very plain and drab
with little effort at looking attractive.  She has blond hair that is usually
worn up on her head in a french roll, but her drab clothes do not hide the fact
that she has an excellent figure although it seems as if she tries to cover that
up.  She is the very picture of prim, proper, and aloof.  Beth lives in an
exclusive area of patio homes not far from the branch library where she works. 
She writes a column for the local newspaper twice a week where she does short
book reviews, and has a larger column in the Sunday paper.  She is well known in
literary circles and is a frequent guest at social occasions with community
leaders.  Her twelve year old daughter goes to a private preparatory school in
New Hampshire, and she sees her just during the short summer vacation and during
holidays.  Beth dates infrequently because her primary love is her work and her
hobby, reading and doing the reviews for the newspaper.  As her social standing
grows, her name is often mentioned as the primary candidate to replace the main
library's head administrator when she retires in a couple of years. 

Frank is in his mid-forties, in excellent physical condition, and is quite nice
looking.  He teaches psychology at one of the small private colleges in the
area, and has been a frequent visitor to the branch library where Beth is head
librarian for the past few months.  He wears nice clothes and is well groomed,
but looks the part of psychology professor.  He lives only a block from Beth in
one of the patio homes similar to hers.  Frank is divorced and lives alone.  He
is a very organized person and is most methodical in every thing he does.  He is
a planner, and prides himself on being able to accomplish anything he sets out
to do.  His hobby is that he considers himself somewhat of an amateur inventor,
and has converted part of his garage into sort of a shop where he spends most of
his free time.  Frank has a field of his profession that is also his hobby and
from time to time an outlet for his sexual desires.  Frank discovered the area
of dominant/submissive relationships in college as a study in psychology.  Over
the years he has increased his knowledge greatly, but his actual experiences
have always been with consenting, experienced submissives that he met in one of
the local nightclubs for people with these interests.  None of them were
rewarding and challenging enough to hold his interest beyond only a few sessions
because they amounted to just playing the roles.

Beth knows Frank because of his frequent visits to her branch of the library,
but it is only the most casual type of acquaintance.  He is just one of many
people she knows on that same basis, and there is nothing that makes him stand
out in her mind.  She does not know how close they live, or what his profession
is.  She does not even know his name without reference to his library card.  The
only thing she does know is that when she waits on him, his eyes seem to pierce
her and make her feel uncomfortable.  She even goes as far as to avoid eye
contact with him when he is in the library.

Over the past two months, Frank has been interested in Beth, more than she could
possibly imagine.  His interest was initially caused by her unwillingness to
make eye contact with him, a sign of vulnerability he quickly recognized.  He
has researched her past in minute detail.  He has studied the records of her
divorce, her credit history, her career, her high school and college records,
everything he could get his hands on about her.  He has been careful every step
of they way to raise no suspicions nor attract any attention to himself.  He has
found enough information about Beth to know she was going to become his pupil,
and he has it very well planned.  It is going to start by letting her know what
he knows, that she had lost custody of her daughter in a bitter divorce because
of her lifestyle, that she had been a stripper at a local club to pay her way
through college, that she had posed nude for magazines, and she had been
arrested years ago for prostitution on two occasions.  While all of this was
before she started her career in the library system, he feels he has enough to
get her attention if done systematically.

He has for the past 10 days sent Beth an envelope to the library with no return
address nor way of identifying its sender.  Each one contained either a couple
of her photos which he found in old copies of the magazine or a copy of one of
her arrests for prostitution.  None even had a note in it.  It is Friday and
Frank had been to the library about three o'clock, a time after the last of his
mailings would have been delivered.  He did not talk to Beth, but could see that
she seemed nervous and upset.  He went home smiling to himself.  His next step
was to call her at work and arrange a meeting in a public place for this evening
to identify himself.  If things went the way he planned at this brief meeting,
he was going to arrange a date for Saturday night, just a dinner date but she
would be wearing the clothes he would have delivered to her house on Saturday
afternoon.  He knew this had to start slow at first and he was prepared.   He
would move from simple demands at first to her ultimate coming out as his "date"
at one of the special nightclubs.  He called the library, and asked to speak to
the head librarian.  Beth answered, saying "this is the head librarian, how can
I help you?"  Frank said, "...............




CHAPTER ONE


Beth answered the phone, "this is the head librarian, how may I help you?"

Frank said, "just listen and say nothing unless you want the information I have
made public. Do you want that?"

Beth let out a small gasp, and asked, "who are you, and what do you want?"

"I told you to just listen," Frank snapped, "just listen!"

"Okay," was her response.

"You will go to the bar in the Steak House, the one near your home, tonight at
6:00 for happy hour.  Take a seat at a table in the corner, order yourself a
drink and wait for me to introduce myself.  If you are more than five minutes
late, I will leave, and  I will make sure your newspaper gets all the
information I have collected on you, and copies will be sent to the library
board as well."  He then abruptly hung up the telephone.

Beth shook as she placed the receiver back on its base.  She quickly regained
her composure, and went through the motions of finishing her work day.  On the
way home, she drove by the Steak House, noting it was a very popular cafe and
feeling reassured about her safety if she decided to meet this man who had been
mailing packages, shocking packages, to her for the past ten days.  She glanced
at her watch, noting it was already 10 minutes until six o'clock.  She drove on
by, then turned around realizing she did not have time to go home first.

There was a parking space near the front door, she took it feeling some relief
about its location.  Inside the bar, she saw a good size crowd all enjoying
drinks before their meals.  Beth sat at a table off to herself, and ordered a
glass of wine.  As she sipped her wine, she looked around at the men there,
wondering who the person that had called her was.  She saw no one she knew, but
saw several faces she vaguely recognized.

She finished her wine and looked at her watch.  It was just a few minutes after
six.  She ordered another glass of wine.  The waitress had just set the glass
down when she saw a man walking toward her table.  It was one of the ones she
knew from somewhere, but she could not place where.  She noticed he was carrying
a couple of large envelopes similar to those she had been  receiving for the
past ten days.  As soon as their eyes met, she remembered where she knew him
from.  He was a patron at her branch library,  but she could not think of his
name.

He laid  the two envelopes in front of her on the table for her to see.  One was
addressed to her newspaper and the other to the San Francisco Library Board. 
"May I join you?" he asked, smiling at her obvious discomfort.

"Do I have a choice?" she responded.

He picked up the two large envelopes and turned to walk away, then stopped.  "Of
course you have a choice, but make it carefully unless you want me to mail these
envelopes.  You know what is in them don't you?"

Taking a deep breath to steady her nerves, Beth replied, "don't mail them, sit
down,"  adding as an after thought, "please."

He took a chair on the opposite side of the table, and took a sip of the drink
he had brought with him to her table.  He leaned back in his chair and stared at
her.

"Who are you?  I have seen you in the library, but what is your name?" she
asked.

"I am your date for tomorrow night for dinner here at 7:00, that is enough for
you to know right now," was his answer. He took another long drink and added,
"unless you want what I know about you to become the talk of the town."

"But, I don't want a date with you.  I don't even know your name, much less want
to go on a date with you."

"Beth, look at the stamps on these envelopes, they are ready to drop in the mail
box.  Had you rather have a dinner date or have these placed in the mail?"

"That sounds like blackmail, and it is a crime.  You could go to jail if I
reported you to the police."

"I don't think you  want to get the police involved in this Beth, you know what
I would do with all that I have collected on you.  You might also want to
consider that you have seen only a portion of what I have and what is in these
envelopes."  Frank looked directly at her as he said this, then took another sip
of his drink.

"All you want is a dinner date?" she asked.  She glanced down at the table as
she spoke, avoiding looking directly at him.

"For now, Beth for now.  But I will require that you dress a lot nicer for our
date than the way you are now dressed.  In fact, I will have some packages
delivered to your house tomorrow afternoon that will contain what I want you to
wear."  He stood up, picked up the envelopes and his drink, and said "tomorrow
at 7:00, we will meet here at this table and. wear exactly what is delivered, no
more and no less.  If you are more than 5 minutes late, these envelopes will be
mailed."  Then he walked away from the table and disappeared into the crowd.

Beth jumped to her feet to find him, but she could not.  She spent several
minutes looking, then paid for her wine and left.  She was relieved that it was
still daylight as she got in her car and drove home.  She changed clothes and
sat down to read, but she could not concentrate.  Her mind was on the man she
had just met, the envelopes she had been receiving, and the "date" he wanted for
tomorrow night.   She had so many questions, and he had disappeared so quickly. 
She wondered what this was all about.

All night long she tried to sleep, but the events of the evening were running
constantly through her mind.  She knew she would be ruined professionally,
socially, and personally if the information he had got out into public
knowledge.  "After all, he just wants a date, and it is a very public and
popular restaurant," she rationalized.  "I will be safe, nothing could possibly
happen there," she decided as she drifted off into a deep sleep.

As her Saturday progressed, Beth starting feeling a little better about her
"date" for the evening.  She was convinced that she would be safe, and she
needed to find out what this man wanted in exchange for his silence.  She had
decided not to call the police, and just to pay the blackmailer to keep her past
a secret.  It was the only choice she had and she knew it.   She had a good job,
had saved a lot of money, and she was prepared to buy his silence rather than go
through the humiliation of the exposure of her past.

It was just after four o'clock when she heard her door bell.  Looking through
the peephole, she saw a delivery man from Macy's standing on her porch.  She
opened the door, signed for the packages and waited until the delivery man was
gone before shutting and locking her door.

Beth sat the packages down on her couch and began to open them.  She found a red
nylon slip dress, red lace bikini panties with a matching shelf  bra, dark thigh
high hose, red high heel shoes, a red purse, small gold hoop earrings, and a
gold chain bracelet.  She was surprised that there were earrings and a bracelet,
but no necklace, and even more than a little surprised at the fact everything
was her exact size.  A small shudder of fear run through her body.

She poured herself a glass of wine and took it and the clothing to her bedroom. 
She took her shower, then started getting  her hair fixed and makeup on.  After
she was dressed, she looked at her image in the mirror.  It had been several
years since she had worn anything as sexy as these clothes, and she just admired
herself for several minutes.  She had always hated bikini panties because of the
panty lines they created, and they were very prominent in this thin nylon dress. 
Remembering the man's threats, she decided against changing and was dressed for
her "date."

Beth arrived at the Steak House at exactly 7:00, parked her car and went into
the bar.  She saw him sitting at the table she had sat at last night.  He smiled
at her as she walked to the table and told her to have a seat.  She sat down
being careful to avoid eye contact with this man.  He just seemed to look right
through her and that made her very uncomfortable.  Her hands were noticeably
shaking as she sipped the glass of wine he had already sitting on the table.

Beth was in no mood for small talk, and asked "how much do you want to keep
silent about what you have discovered about me.  I am willing to pay you for
your silence."

He said nothing, but continued to stare at her and sip his drink.

"How much?" she asked in a demanding tone of voice.

He smiled and said, "it is not your money that I want, it is your body that you
will use to buy my silence."

"What?" she reacted, "you don't expect me just to have sex with you do you? 
What do you think I am, some kind of a whore?"

Smiling still, he said, "you are a whore, I have proof of that, we are just
haggling about the price."

"That is all things that happened in my past.  It was years ago when I needed
the money.  I am ashamed of what I did, but I am not a whore."

"Yes, that is exactly what you are, Beth, in fact you are not only a whore, but
a slut.  You were and you still are.  You can't change your past.  According to
your arrest records, you were selling your body to anyone that had $100 to pay
for it.  I am willing to pay much, much more than that.  I am willing to pay
with my silence, that has the value that you place on your career, you social
standing, and your reputation."   He paused glared into her eyes and asked, 
"how much is all that worth to you Beth?"

Her face turned as red as her dress with rage and anger.  She stood up and
reached for her purse, but her eyes saw him holding the two stamped envelopes. 
"Have you forgotten about these?"  he asked.

She slumped back in her chair.  She knew that he had her in a mess and that she
had to get out of it some how.  She said,  "no, I have not forgotten.  You are
not an unattractive man, why don't you just ask someone you know for a date? 
Why me, we don't even know each other?"

"You are wrong Beth, I know you very well, but not as well as I am going to.  I
know everything about you, as you have seen, even your torrid past.  I know your
credit card numbers, your clothes sizes, I know a lot about you."

"How did you find out all of this?"

"I have gone through your history, your personal information is well known to
me.  I have gone through you trash where I learned your clothing sizes and so
much more."  He took another drink out of his glass and smiled at her
nervousness,  "yes I have chosen well,"  he thought to himself.

Beth just sat looking at her glass of wine.  Without looking up she said "okay,
if I agree to have sex with you, will you give that information to me and
promise to keep quiet about what you know about me?"  Without waiting on an
answer, she added, "when do you want this?"

"We will start tonight?" he replied.

"Start?  What do you mean start?"

"That is exactly what I mean.  We will start tonight.  You are going to buy my
silence by being my private whore.  You are going to pay for my silence with
your body as often as I want you to, and that starts tonight.  I know you are
not seeing anyone at the present time, and that you have a lot of time on your
hands, and I will allow you to continue to keep up appearances at social
functions.  But Beth, you are now my whore.  If you find that more objectionable
than the consequences, you can leave right now."

"For how long?" she asked meekly as her body trembled with fear and her voice
cracked.

"Until you are fully trained or you no longer please me.  If it ends because you
don't please me I will send the information to the library board and to your
newspaper," he answered, but he was no longer smiling at her.

"What do you mean by until I no longer please you or until I am 'trained'?" she
asked still trembling.

"You will find out in time, you will find out."

"Or had you rather I mail these envelops?" gesturing to them laying on the
table.  "Your rapid rise in the library system has made you some enemies, what
would they do with this information.  What would your high society friends do? 
You know how those people love gossip.  Then there is your newspaper column to
think about."

The Waitress sat two more drinks on the table as Beth contemplated her
situation.

"Now, be a good little girl and go to the restroom.  While you are there, take
off your bra and bring it back to me."

"Just like that?  You expect me to go and take off my bra and hand it to you?"

"You have worn less in public as I am sure you remember, or do I need to show
you some pictures of yourself?  Yes, that is exactly what I expect you to do. 
If you question that, I will demand your panties as well.  Now go do as you have
been told, and be quick about it," he said sternly.

Beth could tell he was serious about what he had asked her to do, and she knew
he was equally serious about sending the information as he had said.  Taking a
deep breath she said, "okay," and reached for her purse.

He grabbed her hand and said, "leave that here."

"But how will I be able to bring my  bra back to the table without someone
noticing what I am carrying?"

"I don't care, that is not my concern.  No one will have any doubt about you not
a bra on in that dress when you walk all the way back over here anyway.  Now go,
before I decide I want your hose also."

Beth left the table realizing for the first time that the restrooms were all the
way across the lounge.  She tried not to attract attention, but it seemed as if
every eye was on her as she walked to the ladies room.

Frank smiled as he watched her walk away.  This had gone much faster and easier
than he had hoped for, and he was getting sexually aroused.  He had anticipated
much more resistance, and he knew it would come as his demands got harder for
her to accept.  He would make sure that he stayed right on the verge of scaring
her off at all times.  Step by step he had planed her enslavement and was
thrilled that it was moving so well.

When he saw her returning, he felt a tinge of guilt because her eyes were full
of tears.  No one else saw  the tears though, their eyes were on her body and
the bra she was obediently bringing to him.

"What is your name?" she asked avoiding eye contact.

"How do you refer to men that come to you in the library when you don't know
their names?"

Beth thought for a moment, then answered, " I just call them 'sir'."

"Then for the present time you may simply refer to me as 'sir' also."

"Just call you 'sir'?  Are you kidding?"

Tapping his fingers on the envelopes laying on the table to make his point,
Frank responded, "did it sound like I was kidding?"

She simply shook her head "no."  She still felt the stares of the men in the
bar, and knew she was being trapped in something by the man.

Frank looked at his watch.  It was after eight, and he had a big night planned.  
He said it was time to eat and told her to follow him.  They walked into the
restaurant portion of the building.  He told the waiter where he wanted to sit,
and they were led to a table.  He ordered only a salad for Beth, but a steak for
himself.

As  soon as the waiter had taken their order and walked away from the table,
Frank said, "take off your panties and hand them to me."

Beth was taken by surprise, she sighed, then stated to get up to go to the
restroom and do as she had been told.  She knew it would do no good to protest
anyway.  She stood up.

"No, here, take them off here and hand them to me."

"Here?"

"I don't like having to repeat myself,  yes here damnit.  Just reach under the
table and take them off, now!"

Beth looked around the restaurant, then carefully and as discreetly as possible
removed her panties.  She reached around the table and handed them to him.  He
took them and laid them near his drink on top of the table in clear view.

When the waiter brought their meals, he spilled a glass of water when he saw the
red lace panties next to Frank.  Frank used the panties to wipe up the spill as
the waiter stared at Beth and grinned.  

 They ate in silence, he going over his plans for the evening, and she on the
verge of crying about the predicament she was in.


Frank had eaten about half of his steak when he paused and said, "go to the
restroom and take off your hose.  Be a good girl and bring them to me.  Go
quickly or I will want you to take them off right here at the table."

The tone of his voice was enough to let Beth know he was serious.  His
information was enough that if that is what it would take, she would have no
choice but to obey.  She got up and walked all the way back to the restroom,
took off her hose and returned.  She felt like she was being visually raped as
she went, and even more so as she returned carrying her hose balled up in her
hands.

He was paying the check when she sat back down.  He said, "it is time for us to
leave.  You can follow me to my house where we will continue our little
discussion and begin your training."  Without waiting on a response from Beth,
he got up and started out the door of the restaurant.  She hurried to catch up
to him.

"Where do you live?" she asked.

"Just follow me, slut.  You had better not get lost either."

"Slut?  You can't call me that!" she protested.

He said nothing, but got in his car and started the engine.  Beth almost ran to
her car, and was soon following Frank to his house.  He intentionally drove by
her house so she would know how close he lived to her.  He was waiting at his
front door when she pulled next to his car in the drive way.

"Inside, slut," he said as she approached his opened front door.

She went inside irritated at again being called a slut, and wondering what he
had meant when he had referred to her "training."   He closed and locked the
door. 

Frank turned to her, and said, "strip off that dress, slut.  Let me see what you
are buying my silence with?"

Beth said nothing and just stood in the middle of the room looking at the floor. 
Her whole body was shaking and she was near tears.  Frank watched as she stood
there knowing she was near the edge, but he did not want her to freak out on
him.  He said, "okay, that can wait, have a seat," gesturing to a large
overstuffed chair.

She watched as he poured two glasses of wine and handed her one.  He then sat
across from her on the couch.  He waited until she had nearly stopped shaking,
then said, "you might as well relax, and accept the fact that you have no choice
but to obey me.  You and I both know that.  The information I have on you leaves
you no other choice."  He sat back to allow his statement to sink in.  

Beth looked at her glass of wine, and ran her finger around the edge of the
glass.  She did not look up nor acknowledge she had heard a word he had said. 
Tears welled up in her eyes, then she said, "but this is not fair."

"It may not be fair, but it is what you must do to prevent the information I
have from getting out.  You don't want that to happen, do you?  What other
choice do you have?"

She took a deep breath, shrugged her shoulders, then stood up.  She wiped a tear
from her eyes, then reached behind and unzipped the dress.  She pulled it over
her head, and started shaking again.  She stood nude in front of Frank except
for the red high heel shoes.

He looked at her body.  It was even better than he had imagined.  It was near
perfection, and looked more like the body of a twenty year old girl than one in
her thirties.

"Go down the hall and get on my bed, I will be there in a few minutes," he said
pointing the way.

He waited a good ten minutes before he walked into his bedroom.  There he found
Beth laying on her side in almost a fetal position.  He undressed aware that she
was not watching anything he was doing.  He sat on the edge of the bed for a
moment without saying anything or touching her.

"Roll over on your back," he said softly.  She did as he had told her.  Frank,
did nothing except slide his finger into her vagina ever so gently.  He smiled
when he discover that she was very wet.  He got on top of her and inserted his
penis half way inside her body.  Frank fought the urge to kiss her and fondle
her breasts, but did not.  He had to stick to his plan, even to the point of
denying himself that pleasure.

He pushed his penis fully into her body, then stated fucking her slowly and
gently.  He continued as Beth lay frozen on the bed.  In less than 15 minutes,
he had emptied his sperm into her.   It had taken nearly all his will power, but
he had avoided touching her body with anything but his penis during the entire
time he was fucking her. Frank withdrew, got up and went to his bathroom.  When
he returned, she was back on her side in the fetal position again.  "Get
dressed," he told her, the walked back to his den.

She went to his bath room and cleaned herself wiping his sperm off her thighs. 
She dressed and returned to the den where Frank was waiting pretending to read a
magazine.

"I know you have a reception tomorrow at 2:00, and you may attend that.  But I
want you to deliver your cunt here to me at 1:00 for my enjoyment on your way
there.  When the reception is over, you are to return here so I can fuck you
again.  Do you understand?"

Beth said nothing and gave no indication she had even heard what he had said.

"Slut, do you understand?" Frank snapped.

She nodded her head, "yes."

"Now go home," he said.

He watched her walk out the door and close it behind her.  He waited until he
heard her car drive away, then mixed himself a strong drink and smiled to
himself at his progress in developing this female into what he wanted.  He sat
at his desk and made a few notes, then relaxed with his drink.

Beth went to her shower as soon as she got home and stayed in it a long time. 
It was if the water would wash away the memories of what had turned into a
nightmare of an evening.  She put on a pair of pajamas, took a sleeping pill,
and went to bed.  She cried herself to sleep.

Sunday, Beth woke up about 10:00, but did not get out of bed immediately.  She
had not forgotten last night's humiliating experience.  The fact that she had to
return to this man's house at 1:00 weighed heavily on her mind.  She thought
about her options, but there only appeared to be two choices.  She could either
do as he told her and just accept whatever his demands were,  or she could
refuse and have him expose her past to everyone she knew.  The losses of the
second choice were simply too much for that to be a way out of this horrible
thing she found herself caught in.

She arrived at his house at 1:00 sharp, and rang the door bell.

"Come in Slut,"  he said as he opened the door.  She noticed he was just wearing
boxer shorts, and was apparently already aroused.  The outline of his semi-erect
penis clearly showed under his underwear.  "go to the bed room and lay on your
back, but don't take anything off, not even your shoes," he told her.

Frank was glad that she had been so punctual, it showed a great deal to him.  He
chuckled to himself at what she was wearing.  She indeed looked the part of the
dowdy librarian.  Her hair was in its usual french roll, and her clothes just
hung on her.

He went into the bedroom, and said, "pull down your panties and pantyhose, but
leave them around your ankles."  He watched  as she hesitated for a moment, then
did as he wanted.  He took off his boxers, and opened a tube of  KY jelly.  He
smeared it all over her vaginal area, applying much more than could possibly be
needed. 

Frank spread her knees, slipped his penis inside her and started fucking the
mess he had made out of her vagina.  Like last night, he did not touch her body
except with his penis.  Having her just lay and get fucked, fully dressed, was
part of his plans, even though it was not as rewarding as he would like having
her to be.  When he finish shooting in to her body, he sat up, and said, "raise
you hips."

As soon as Beth's hips were off the bed, he quickly pulled up her panties and
pantyhose.  "Now, go, get out of her,"  he snapped.

"I need to use your bathroom first, to clean up," Beth responded.

"Go now, and let your soiled panties be a reminder of what a slut you are."  He
stood over her, "get out, but I will be waiting for you later, slut."

Beth got off the bed, straightened her skirt and adjusted her pantyhose.  She
left and drove to the reception.  As she drove, she could feel his sperm oozing
out of her body only to soak into her panties.  At the reception, the KY jelly
and his sperm caused her to feel dirty and unclean.  It was a miserable feeling
and ruined the fun she would have otherwise had. 

It was just after 4:30 when she returned to Frank's house and rang the door
bell.  "Hello slut, it is about time you got here," he said as she walked in. 
She followed him to his den.  "Pull up your skirt slut, let me see if you are
clean enough for me to fuck, " he said as he sat down on his couch.

Even Frank was surprised at how big a stain the mess he had made left on Beth's
panties, but this was all part of his plan.  "God, you are one dirty slut!" he
exclaimed.  "I would never fuck a cunt as filthy as that."  He glanced at her
and saw tears welling up in her eyes.

He stood up, pulled his shorts down and sat back down.  "since you are so dirty,
you will just have to suck me off.  Is that a problem, slut?"

Beth knew there was no reason to answer.  She knelt on the floor in front of him
and took his penis in her mouth.

"Be quick about it slut, I have a date tonight and don't want to be late," he
demanded knowing full well that he had no date at all.

He watched as her head bobbed up and down on his penis.  He smiled at her
talent, she was better that he would have ever thought.  As he felt his sperm
rising, he said "don't spill any of it.  Swallow every last drop, slut."

Within fifteen minutes he was spent.  "Get out of here.  Go home and clean your
nasty cunt.  I will let you know when or if I ever want to use your body again." 
He almost laughed with pride as she simply got up and walked out his front door
without saying a single word.  His plan was right on track, her next surprise
was just a few days away.  Far enough away so she would think it was all over,
but not so far away that she would forget what she didn't even know she had
learned.

Beth wiped off her chin, got up and left.  In her home, she collapsed on her bed
crying.  It was heartening to her that he had not tell her that she had to do
anything again.  Her spirits brightened and hope rose in her that she had seen
the last of this horrible man.


END OF CHAPTER ONE




CHAPTER TWO

Beth could never remember a Monday morning when she had been so glad a weekend
was over and to be driving to work.  The weekend was a nightmare that she was
glad was over.  She engrossed herself in her work and managed to keep from
thinking about her ordeal.  She actually held her breath as the mail was sorted,
and was relieved that no package came for her.

She kept watch over the entrance to the library expecting to see the man who was
blackmailing her walk in at any time.  By the end of the day she had not seen
him and felt better than she had since she started receiving those packages in
the mail.  She went home, ate, and read until it was time to go to bed.

Tuesday found Beth's spirits even higher.  The assistant branch manager even
commented on her good mood.  Again Beth watched the patrons come and go, but
that man did not appear.  Like Monday, there was nothing in the mailed for her,
and she felt more than just relief.  Her spirits rose and she was back to her
normal self again.

Beth was helping out at the "return" desk just after noon on Wednesday.  She
looked across and saw him checking out some books across at the other counter. 
Although their eyes made brief contact, there was not even a flicker of
recognition that she saw in his.  It was if he did not have a clue as to who she
was.  He left without as much as a second glance in her direction.

As soon as he left, she walked over to the check out desk.  She looked at the
records and learned that his name was Frank Benson.  Beth pulled up his records
on the central computer.  He was a psychologist, and a professor at City
University.  It had his work and home addresses and phone numbers.  There was
nothing else, but at least she knew more than she did before.

Thursday went as uneventful as had the other days, and by the end of the work
day, Beth was feeling elated.  She was convinced that he had his fun with his
little game and was out of her life.  She literally breezed through the day.  
She actually hummed to herself as she drove home.

All week, Beth had dreaded the arrival of the mail.  Not one single package had
come for her.  This with the absence of recognition in Dr. Benson's eyes when
they had exchanged glances, and no contact from him strengthened Beth's belief
that she had paid her debt and the nightmare that was last weekend was over.

She was in a particularly good mood as she pulled  into her drive way.  She took
the two small sacks of groceries she had picked up on the way home and walked to
her front door.  Then she saw it, an envelope taped to her door.  On the front,
in big red letters was the word "slut."  She looked around to see if anyone was
watching, then she quickly pulled the note off her door.  She went inside as
tears began to drip down her cheeks. 

After sitting the grocery sacks down, she opened the note.  It read, "I want
your cunt at my house tonight at 10:30."  She laid the note on the kitchen
table, and went through the motions of putting away the groceries.  By the time
she had finished, her cheeks were wet with tears.  She poured herself a glass of
wine and collapsed on her couch, her wine in one hand and the note in the other. 
Her high spirits were crushed, it was not over after all.  She finished her
glass of wine and poured another.  She read the note over again, and felt even
worse.

It was just 7:30, when she had gotten home, and her plans to spend the evening
reading and relaxing now were a thing of the past.  Beth sat on her couch and
watched the time slowly tick away.  She decided that now that she knew who he
was, she would go as the note said, but she would confront this Dr. Frank
Benson.  It was going to end tonight, this horrible thing was over.  That
thought made her feel better, and her self confidence grew as she waited.

It was 10:30 when she pulled into his driveway, and walked to his door still
wearing the clothes she had worn all day.  She rang the door bell.

"Come in slut," Frank said as he opened the door.

"No, I can say what I need to say right here," she replied shocked that he was
nude except for a black leather g-string covering his male genitalia.  "I know
who you are, Dr. Frank Benson.  This is over, I will tell the administrators at
City University all about you, and I will tell them that you are blackmailing
me.  You are through tormenting me as of right now."

"Yes, you could do that slut, but you will need proof that I am blackmailing
you, otherwise it is just your word against mine.  Wait here for a second," he
said as he walked back into his den.  He returned and handed Beth a large
envelope saying, "here, you will need this," handing her the envelope.

"What is this?" she asked.

"It is the proof you will need to give my Dean  when you turn me in as a
blackmailer."

She fingered the packed envelope, "what is in it?"

"All the proof you will need.  It contains the same information that I will mail
to the Library Board and to your newspaper on the way to the Dean's office." 
Frank smiled and as he shut the door with Beth still standing on his porch he
said, "you win, you are free."

Beth stood on his porch, holding the envelope he had handed her.  He had said
she won, but she did not feel like she had.  She went back to her car and
started it.  She just sat there with the car running, thinking.  Frank stood
just inside his closed front door, smiling to himself and waiting.  He wondered
just how long he would have to wait.

Somehow Beth did not feel like she had won.  She looked at the envelope he had
handed her realizing that he still had the two stamped envelopes, one to her
newspaper and one to the library board.  No, she did not feel like a winner at
all.  She moved her trembling hand to the keys of her car and turned the engine
off.  Beth was again crying.

Frank grinned as he heard her car engine stop.  He opened the door when he heard
the bell, and said simply, "come in slut."

Beth walked inside and asked, "when is this going to end, Dr. Benson?"

"I did not tell you that you could call me by my name," he said in an irritated
tone of voice.  "You are to refer to me only as 'sir' until I tell you
otherwise."

Beth looked down and said, "when is this going to end..........sir?"

"When I want it to slut!" he snapped.  Then added "strip  down to your panties
and bra for me slut."

Beth paused for a moment, she had no choice.  She knew that he was still in
control and that her protests would fall on deaf ears.  She unbuttoned her
blouse and took it off laying it on the back of the chair near where she was
standing.  She reached behind and unzipped her skirt, stepped out of it and laid
it next to her blouse.  Next came her slip over the top of her head, and it was
placed with her skirt and blouse.  She the removed her pantyhose, and stood
there shaking in her bra and panties.

Frank looked at her thinking to himself how nicely things were progressing.  He
looked at her thick, heavy bra, and cotton panties, and said, "now remove the
rest, slut."

Quickly, she removed her bra and panties, and placed them with the rest of the
clothing she had worn over to his house.

Frank just waited for a few minutes, enjoying her humiliation.  Her tear wetted
cheeks were starting to dry, as he asked, "is you cunt clean enough for me to
fuck?"

Beth stood motionless looking down at the floor, and saying nothing.

"Well slut, is it?" Frank demanded.

She nodded her head "yes."

"Come over here slut and let me check to be sure your cunt is clean," he told
her as he pointed to a spot on the floor right between his wide spread knees.

Without looking at him, she moved to the imaginary spot he had indicated.
"Spread your legs," he said.

Beth could feel the embarrassment turning her naked body red, as she stood nude
and with her legs spread in front of him.  She saw him lean over, hold his nose
close to her vagina, and loudly sniff two times.  He leaned back.

"It smells clean enough," he told her.

She felt his hand on her, then felt his finger slip inside her vagina.

Frank was pleased to discover that Beth was moist, not wet, but very moist.  He
pushed her back a couple of feet and stood up right in front of her.

"Reach into my garment, there is a present in there for you,"  he said.

She looked at him. He was nude except for the leather g-string.  She was not
sure what he meant by telling her to reach into his garment.

"Do it slut, it is next to the cock that is getting ready to fuck you."

She put her hand inside the leather pouch that held his penis and testicles. 
She felt something and removed it.  It was a small gold chain necklace.  Hanging
from the gold chain was the word "slut" in gold block letters.

"Hand it to me," Frank told her.  She did.

"I have removed the release to the catch so when you put it on, the only way you
can take it off is by breaking the necklace.  Do you have any idea how mad it
would make me for you to break this necklace, slut?"

She did not respond, but just stood there, trembling slightly.

"It would make me mad enough that I would have no further use for your body at
all.  I would then just place the two envelopes in the mail, and you could say
good bye to all you now are.  It would mean the end of everything you have
worked for and achieved.  Do you understand me slut?"

She nodded her head "yes."  She saw him reach around her neck and felt him
fasten the necklace in place.  She felt like she had just lost a part of her
very soul as he did this.

"Now go to my bed room and get on your back.  Wait for me there with your legs
spread as wide as you can  I will be there to use your cunt in a few minutes."

Beth said nothing, but turned and walked to his bedroom.  She got on the bed,
spread her legs and waited.  She lay there waiting and toying with the necklace.

Frank was so proud of how well his plan was going he could hardly contain his
elation, but he knew he could not let her see this at all.  There was a long way
to go yet, and she did not yet need to know that she was pleasing him, not for a
long time to come.

He waited for a full 15 minutes before he walked into his bed room.  He looked a
her on the bed and was again taken by her beauty.  He removed the g-string, got
between her knees, and in position to insert his penis into her body.  He rammed
it into her in one quick motion, and fucked her fast as he could.  He managed to
finish in less than 10 minutes, and like the times before, did not touch her
with anything except his penis.

He withdrew, and got out of bed.  He stood at the edge of it, and said, "use
your mouth to clean my cock, slut."

He watched as she sat up and took his soft penis in her mouth.  He felt her
sucking on it and cleaning it with  her tongue.  He pulled back causing a small
plopping sound as his penis was pulled form her mouth.  "Go home slut, I have no
further need for your body tonight."

He went to the den and returned to his bedroom carrying her clothes.  He noted
she was in his bathroom as he tossed her clothing on to the bed.  Frank put the
leather g-string back on and went to the den.  He mixed himself a drink and
waited on her.

When she walked into the den, fully dressed, he was sipping his drink.  She
walked to the door and opened it and was about to leave, when he said, "be here
tomorrow night at 7:00, wear the same thing you had on for our first date.  Be
sure your cunt is clean for me, slut.  Now get out of here."

As soon as the door was closed, Frank went to his desk and made notes in his
journal as he smiled to himself.

Beth cried as she drove home.  She was still crying as she went inside her house
and locked her door.  She went to a mirror and looked at the necklace around her
neck with that vile word hanging from it.  She tried to take it off, but as Dr.
Benson had said, the release was disabled.  It would not open.  She went to the
kitchen drawer where she kept a few hand tools she used around the house and
took out a pair of wire cutters.  She took them back to the mirror.

She was about to cut the small chain when she remembered his threat.  A shudder
of fear ran the entire length of her body.  She tried to pull the necklace over
her head, but it was just barely too small to make it.   It came so close to
slipping off her head, that she spent several minutes trying that way of getting
it off.  It was so close, so close,  but would not come off.  She decided to try
to get it off in the shower when her hair was wet.

Beth undressed and hurried to her shower.  She tried again, and still it was
just too small by fractions of an inch.  She put shampoo in her hair, but it was
still not going to come off.  She took a deep sigh, finished her shower and
dried off.  She put on her pajamas, and went to bed after taking a sleeping pill
and fell to sleep

Friday morning Beth woke up in much better spirits than she was in when she had
gone to bed.  She fixed her coffee, and ate her usual bowl of cereal for
breakfast.  She read the newspaper as she finished her second cup of coffee. 
Then she went to her bathroom to get ready for work.  She glanced in the mirror
and saw the necklace and the word "slut."  Her spirits sank immediately.  She
fiddled with the necklace trying again to get it off  until she was almost late
for work.

She wore a high collared blouse, with the necklace safely hidden beneath it. 
She would be the only one who know what was around her neck.  She sighed,
thinking, "but that is enough, I know it is there."

She worked hard all day trying to put the thought of the necklace and this
evening's meeting out of her mind.  The best she could do was to distract
herself for only moments at a time.  She went to the dictionary and looked the
word "slut" up in it.  The definition made her feel not one bit better.  Her
spirits were lower than ever before.

She poured herself a glass of wine as soon as she got home, and drank it in one
long drink before she even sat down.  She undressed and put on a light nylon
bathrobe.  She sat in front of her vanity and tried a couple more times to
remove the necklace, again without success. 

Beth poured herself another glass of wine and looked at her kitchen clock.  It
was 6:15.  She took a deep breath, and went to the shower to start getting ready
for tonight at Dr. Benson's house.  She felt like hell every time she saw the
necklace, and even worse knowing that she was going to be used by him again
tonight and there was absolutely nothing she could do to end this situation she
found herself in.  She felt a sickness growing in her stomach, but she knew it
was not an illness, but fear that she was feeling.

By 6:45, Beth was dressed.  The low cut slip dress made the necklace and its
vile word stand out like the letters were three inches tall.  She looked through
her drawers and found a red silk scarf.  She tied it around her neck and
carefully tucked the necklace inside it so it was completely hidden from view. 
She double checked her hair, then got her purse.  She drove to Dr. Benson's
house and parked at 7:00 as he had told her.

Frank opened his front door when she rang the bell.  "come in slut," he said. 
He noticed the scarf around her neck and hid his smile.

In a very stern voice, he asked "did I tell you to wear that scarf you have
around your neck?"

Beth's hand went instinctively to her neck.  "This?" she asked.

"Yes, slut, that!" Frank snapped.  "Did I tell you to wear that?"

"But..............,"  she stopped and did not finish what she was about to say. 
She knew it would not matter anyway.

"You have displeased me slut."  Frank held back even the hint of a smile.  "We
are going out for dinner, and I was going to let you wear everything I bought
for you.  But now, you will have to learn the consequences of displeasing me. 
Remove your panties, your hose, your bra, and that damn scarf.  You are going to
go looking just like the slut that you are."

Tears welled up in her eyes, but she knew better that to protest.  It would just
be a waste of time, she was in no position to refuse.  She removed her bra,
panties, hose, and her scarf.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"What difference does it make?  Are you going to refuse to go if you do not
approve of the place I select?  Are you going to take that risky chance?"

"But what if I see someone who knows me" she asked.

Frank laughed, and said, "they will not recognize you in that dress.  They know
Beth, the dowdy librarian, not Beth the sexy slut."

She knew he was right.  No one would ever suspect that the person they knew as
Beth would ever dress like this, much less go out in public dressed like she
was.

She noticed for the first time what he was wearing.  He was dressed in a navy
suit with a red tie.  It was obvious they were going to one of the nicer places
to eat dinner, and she felt even worse than before.  Some how the material of
her dress seemed even thinner than it really was.

"Lets go slut," he said as he walked out his front door.  "We will take your
car.  You just drive where I tell you."  She followed and they got in her car.

They drove out of town to a small seafood restaurant.  She pulled up in front
and handed her keys to the valet.  His eyes looked her over, then her necklace,
then he smiled, got in her car and drove off.  All through the meal, the waiter
kept looking at her like he was undressing her.  She could see other waiters
walking past their table just to look at her, the necklace and the way she was
dressed. 

Three times during the meal, Frank told her to get up and go to the restroom,
even though she explained she did not need to.  Each time he insisted and she
did as he wanted.   She felt every male eye in the restaurant raping her body as
it wiggled unrestrained under the thin dress.  The trips to the restroom seemed
to become the entertainment for all the customers there.  Her humiliation and
embarrassment were boundless.

Beth was a bundle of nerves by the time they were back in her car and headed
back to his house.  They were about three blocks from the restaurant, when Frank
said pull over to the side of the road and stop.

As the car rolled to a stop, he said, "strip."

"Here?  Now?" she asked.

"Strip, slut!" Frank demanded.

She took a deep breath, and managed to get the dress over her head while still
behind the steering wheel.

"I like my slut to be naked," he said.  "Now drive me to my house so I can fuck
your cunt."

Even though it was dark, Beth felt vulnerable driving down public streets in the
nude.  She was thrilled when they finally got back to his house.  She parked and
reached for the dress to put it back on before going inside.

He grabbed her hand.  "No, just follow me inside buck ass naked.  You might as
well get used to it slut, because I like you that way."

She looked around and saw no one on the streets.  Beth followed him inside and
watched as he locked his door.

"Is your cunt clean?" he asked.

"Yes," she answered.

"Then get on my bed and wait for me like last night.  Spread your legs even
wider than you did then.  I want your cunt wide open for me slut."

Beth waited on his bed for what seemed like hours.  In truth, it had been
exactly one hour, Frank had timed it.  He was wearing the black leather g-string
and a black leather vest.  He just stood and stared down at her.  The sight of
him dressed like that caused her to shudder.  Frank noticed it and smiled
inwardly.

He got between her legs and inserted a finger into her vagina.  It was wet, nice
and wet.  He positioned his penis at her vaginal entrance and put it in just
part way.  Then he shoved it all the way in and fucked her slowly and gently. 
He kept up a slow gentle rocking motion and did not touch her.  The only contact
between their two bodies was his penis and her vagina.

As he neared climax, he heard a low moan escape from her lips, but saw no
movement.  He finished, pulled out, and rolled over on the bed beside her. 
"Suck my cock clean, slut suck it clean."

She moved in position and took his penis in her mouth and started sucking it. 
Frank could feel it was coming to life again, and he did not want that.  Not
tonight, it was too soon.  He pushed her away, and got off the bed.

"Get out of here slut.  I am finished using you for tonight.  Be here tomorrow
afternoon at 2:00.  Have your hair in a ponytail, but you may wear anything you
wish.  If we go out, I will provide all the clothes you will need.  Now get out
slut, I am tired of looking at you."

She got up, went to the bathroom and cleaned herself.  She got dressed and went
to the den, but he was not there.  She paused for a couple of minutes, then
left. '

Frank heard the front door close and came out of his kitchen.  He carried his
drink to his desk and sat down.  Once again, he made notes in his journal, and
then he then reviewed his plans for Beth's continued training.  He knew it was
not yet time for her to learn that he intended on having her as his sex slave,
and as such would do as he wanted, even to the point of public sex with whomever
he chose.  But he knew that was still a long way off, and besides, he was having
fun at the pace things were proceeding.  She had so much to learn, and his plan
was proving to be an excellent one.

She went inside her house and poured a glass of wine.  She was surprised at how
her body had betrayed her tonight and hoped Dr. Benson had not heard the little
moan that she had not been able to hold back.  He had said nothing to give her
an indication that he had, and she was glad to think he had not heard it.  It
was not supposed to have happened.  He had just used her, yet it had aroused her
in a way she could not understand.  She hated even thinking about it.

Beth finished her wine and took a shower.    She tried still again during her
shower to remove the horrible necklace that held that word "slut" around her
neck.  Like her other attempts, it failed.  It was just too small, just barely
too small.  She took a sleeping pill and went to bed.  She resolved to herself
that she would never let her body ever betray her like it had done tonight. 
Never again!  She would simply refuse to allow her body to control her like it
had tonight.  She shuddered in disgust and fell asleep.

END OF CHAPTER TWO




CHAPTER THREE

Beth woke up and went to her kitchen and made coffee.  She ate her  usual bowl
of cereal, and read the newspaper drinking her coffee.  She read her book review
and was pleased with the job she had done.  She showered and gave no thought to
her 2:00 date until she was washing her hair and felt the necklace.  Her spirits
immediately sank to a new low.  She remembered how her body had betrayed her
last night and redoubled her determination to never let that happen again.

She spent all morning reading a new book and working on her next column for her
newspaper.  It was just after noon before she realized that she was expected to
be at Dr. Benson`s house at 2:00.  It had been in the back of her mind, but her
work had kept it hidden from her thoughts.  Now as the time approached, she
could no longer suppress the thoughts of having to be with him.

She sat down and put her makeup on, and she put her hair in a ponytail.  She
hated looking in the mirror for it seemed like the word "slut" on her necklace
was all she could see in her reflection.

She went to her closet to pick out the clothes she would wear to Dr. Benson`s. 
She chose a pair of loose fitting tan walking shorts, a sleeveless turtle neck
knit blouse that would hide the horrid necklace, and a pair of white sandals. 
She wore her usual cotton panties and a comfortable bra. 

It was 1:45 when she was fully dressed.  She started to pour herself a glass of
wine, but did not.  She wanted to be fully in control of herself and her body
this afternoon.  Beth figured that she would be at his house for just an hour or
so, and she was ready.

She drove to his house, parked in the driveway, and rang his door bell at 2:00.

Frank opened the door, and said "Enter slut."

He shut and locked his door as she walked inside.  He turned to her and said,
"strip."

Frank smiled inwardly as he watched her immediately start removing her clothing
without protest or even a moments hesitation.  She folded her things and placed
them on the back of the chair near her aware that he was watching her, but there
was nothing she could do or say about it.  Soon she was standing across the room
from him totally nude.

"Is your cunt clean?" he asked.

"Yes," was her answer as she shuddered slightly.  She hated that question
because it was as if he thought she was dirty some how.

Pointing to a place between his spread knees, he said, "stand here and let me
check to be sure."

Beth walked across the room and stood in front of him with her legs spread.

Frank laughed out loud when she spread her legs without having to be told to do
it, and said, "for a slut, you are a fast learner.  But, turn around, then bend
over and touch your toes and stay like that until I tell you to straighten back
up.  Keep your legs spread nice and wide while you do that."

Beth paused for a moment wanting to protest, but turned, spread her legs and
bent over touching her toes.  She felt his hands on her buttocks, spreading them
apart.  She instinctively clenched her buttocks closed.  She felt a sharp pain
as he slapped her on her rear as hard as he could from his seated position.

"Ouch!" she exclaimed as she stood upright and turned around.

"Did I tell you to stand up slut?" he snapped.

"No, but that hurt, you hit me!" she replied.

"Yes, I did because you tried to close your butt and hide your ass hole, slut. 
It belongs to me, and you have no right to try to hide it.  Now get back in the
position I told you to be in or get the fuck out of here and accept the
consequences slut."

Beth glared a him for a full minute, then she turned back around, bent over and
touched her spread toes.  Again she felt his hands separating her buttocks, but
she did not resist this time.  Then she felt his finger violating her vagina.

"Slut, you are dry.  A slut, my slut, should never be dry when I want a fuck,"
he said in a very stern voice.

She just kept in her humiliating position, saying nothing.

"Go lay back on my bed, you already know the position I want you in.  Slut, I
will be in there in 15 minutes and if your cunt is not sloppy wet when I get
there, I am going to butt fuck your ass hole.  Do you understand me, slut?" 
Without waiting for an answer, he added, "do it now!"

Beth almost ran to his bed room.  She was crushed at the prospect of having anal
intercourse with any man much less this one.  Years ago, she had tried it a few
times and found it to be both degrading and painful.  She laid on her back on
his bed, she realized that she now was having to do the one thing she had
resolved last night to not ever do.  She was having to get herself aroused, but
it was to save her the pain of anal intercourse.  She worked furiously with her
hands on vaginal area, on her clitoris, and into the entrance opening.  She
worked until the juices flowed liberally and she was not only wet but aroused.

She was still working on herself when Frank walked into the bedroom.  He was
nude except for his socks.  She stopped as soon as she realized he was watching
her.

"Spread your cunt lips open so I can see if it is wet,"  he told her as he got
between her spread legs.

Beth did not hear or at least did not understand what Frank had said, either
because of her embarrassment of having him see her masturbating or the fact that
she was concentrating so hard on what she was doing to herself.  She responded
with, "huh?"

"Slut," he said in an angry tone of voice, "I have warned you about making me
repeat myself.  Roll over on to your stomach, you are going to get a good butt
fucking now."

"No, please," Beth pleaded, "please, I just did not hear you."

"Slut are going to make me repeat myself still again?  Or do you want to get up,
go home, and read about your escapades in the newspaper?"

Beth slowly rolled over on to her stomach crying so hard that she was shaking. 
She felt him separate her legs and get on the bed.  She buried her head in the
pillow and continued to sob silently in to it.

Frank looked at her body shaking with her sobbing and almost changed his mind,
yet he knew this was something he liked and that she needed to accept it.  He
covered her anus with KY jelly and very gently started inserting his finger.  He
spent a long time with just one finger stretching her anal muscles and telling
her to try to relax.  Then he used two fingers, then three as gently as he
could, but all the time stretching and preparing her for his penis.

He coated his penis with the KY jelly and pushed the head of it against her
anus.  "It will hurt a little at first, just relax, relax," he told her over and
over.  He pushed harder, then felt the head enter and heard a loud gasp muffled
in the pillow.  He pushed slowly until the full length was in to her bowels.  He
just held it there to allow the initial pain to subside.  Then he slowly fucked
her for nearly 30 minutes until he felt his cum shooting deep inside her.  The
crying from the pillow had stopped, but he knew she was not enjoying this.  "She
will learn," he thought, as he pumped the last of his cum into her.

Frank pulled his spent penis from Beth rectum and smiled at the stretched,
gaping hole that was her tight rear just a little while ago.  He said, "slut, my
cum is in your ass hole, you are mine now."

She did not move and kept her face buried in the pillow.  She still felt the
pain from the torn muscles in her rear and her stretched rectum.  But most of
all she felt the humiliation from having had her rear used by him and having
been unable to prevent it.

"Get yourself out of the bed and clean you butt hole.  Get dressed,  you will
wear what I have laid out for you on the vanity in the guest bathroom."  He
slapped her hard on her buttocks and added, "be quick about it slut before I
decide to fuck your ass hole again."

Beth jumped out of bed after hearing his threat to do even more damage to her
rear.  She went into the bathroom and used tissue to clean her sore rear.  She
saw a trace of blood on the tissues from the tearing she had felt.  Her anus was
indeed sore as she gingerly cleaned herself.

 She looked around for the clothing that Frank said was laid out for her to put
on.  The only thing she saw was a box sitting on the vanity.  She opened to box
to see four padded white leather cuffs.  Each cuff had four rings equally spaced
around it.  As she placed a cuff on each ankle and each wrist, a shudder of fear
ran through her entire body.

Frank had dressed in a pair of jogging shorts.  He sat in the den wondering if
Beth would return from the bathroom wearing the cuffs, or if she would first put
up a protest.  He waited for her return in a state of high anticipation.

When he saw Beth walk into the den, he was unable to hide his delight at her
having put the cuffs on with out protesting.  "You have pleased me slut," he
told her.  "I found your ass hole to be also pleasing for me."

Beth said nothing but just stood in front of him trying to keep from trembling. 

"Are you wet?" he asked.

"You mean my vagina," she questioned.

"Sluts don't have vaginas, only nice girls do.  Sluts have cunts that are to be
used.  I want to know if your cunt is wet."

She looked down at the floor and answered, "yes."

"Good, be sure it stays wet for me."

Frank got up and walked over to her.  He reached into the pocket of his shorts
and pulled out a photograph.  He handed it to her and said, "see how your makeup
looks in this photograph?"

Beth looked at it.  It was one from a magazine layout she had done about 10
years ago.  She was totally nude and posed in as obscene a position as the
editors thought they could get away with.  She was embarrassed to just even look
at it, and said nothing in response to his question.  Her make up was so
exaggerated that she barely recognized her own face.  It was a part of her life
she thought she had put behind her, one that she hated.

"Do you see your makeup slut?" he asked interrupting her thoughts.

"Yes," she answered so meekly it was almost a whisper.

"I am going to let you go home in a few minutes, and when you come back that is
how I want you to look.  However," he added, "I want much darker eye make up,
more of it so you look more like the slut you are.  Do you understand me?"

"Yes," Beth answered.

"Why don't you park your car in you garage slut?" he asked.  "don't you have a
garage door opener?"

"Yes, I have a garage door opener, I just don't park in there,"  was her reply.

"Well, from now on, you will unless you want your neighbor's to suspect
something.  Also, I want you to return with a spare key to your house to give
me."

"A key to my house?  You have gone to far, I will not do that.  It is my house,
you can not have a key to it," she said.

"Oh?  Have I?  Then you may leave now.  I have no use for you, and you full well
know what I am going to do with all the information I have, don't you?"

"Wait, okay, but why do you want a key to my house?  There is nothing of much
value there you would want."

"I want a key to your house because as my slut, you are entitled to no privacy,
not even in your own home.  I may feel the need to use you at times that are
convenient to me and not want to wait for you to come here.  I may just drop in
unannounced for a quick fuck, and I want that option whenever the mood strikes
me.,"  he told her.  "Are you going to bring me the key as I asked, or do I go
to the mail box with my envelopes?"

She said nothing, but nodded her head in a sign of acquiescence.

"Take off the cuffs, and put your shorts and blouse back on, but not your bra
and panties," he said as he got up and went into his kitchen.

When he returned with a glass of scotch and water, she was dressed.  He said,
"lift your skirt."

"That is good slut, no panties, just like the slut you really are.  Now take off
your shoes, I did not tell you to put them on.  You will go barefooted.  You had
better use your garage, and when you return, you will pull into mine,"  he said
as he handed her his spare garage door opener.

He motioned to the couch, "sit down."

Frank sat next to her and said,  "give me your left hand."  He took her extended
hand and laid it on his knee.  He held up a small tube, and asked, "do you know
what this is?"

Beth looked at the tube he was holding and replied, "yes it is a tube of Super
Glue."

She watched as he placed a tiny drop on the inside of her little finger on her
left hand.  "close your fingers together," he instructed.

She did and felt a light tingle between her little finger and the adjoining
finger.

"Super Glue does very nicely on skin.  It is a good tight bond.  If you can get
your fingers apart by the time you return without tearing the skin, I will fuck
your cunt.  If they are still glued together or if you have torn your skin
getting them apart, I am going to fuck your sore ass hole.  Is that clear?"

Beth nodded that it was as she tried unsuccessfully to separate her two fingers.

Frank looked at his watch, and said,  "be back here in one and a half  hours
with your face painted up like the slut you are.  Now go before I decide to fuck
you in the ass right now."

Without saying a word, Beth walked barefooted to her car and drove the block to
her house.  She parked in her driveway as usual and went inside.  She did not
stop until she had poured herself a large glass of wine.  She glanced at her
watch and noted she had an hour and 15 minutes before she had to return to Dr.
Benson's house. 

She tried to separate her fingers, but even the tiny spot of glue he had placed
there was enough to keep them solidly stuck to each other.  She took a bowl of
warm water and her second glass of wine to her dressing table and started
applying her makeup as he had told her to do.  She worked with one hand, keeping
her left hand in the warm water as she worked.  She occasionally tried to
separate her fingers,  returning to the job of applying her exaggerated makeup
after each unsuccessful try. 

At last her makeup was complete.  She felt more like a clown than a librarian,
but her fingers were still glued as tight as ever.  She tried alcohol,
fingernail polish remover, and anything else she could find.  Nothing seemed to
be able to dissolve the Super Glue.  She even tried using a knife to cut the
glue.  As last she got her fingers apart, but felt a sharp pain as they came
apart.  The small spot where the skin had actually been torn from her finger
filled as blood oozed into the tiny wound.  She held a cloth over the place
until the blood stopped, then carefully covered it with makeup to hide it.

Beth poured herself another large glass of wine and sat down on her couch.  In
one hand she held the glass of wine, the other held her spare house key.  She
sat, drank and cried over the happenings that had turned her entire life into
such a complete nightmare.  Tears streamed down her cheeks as she sipped her
glass of wine.  She looked at her watch, it was nearly 4:30, the time she had to
return to Dr. Benson's house for more torment.  She looked in the mirror and was
glad she had used water proof makeup. 

Barefooted and with no underwear, she drove back to Frank's house.   Beth
operated the remote control and pulled into Frank's garage.  She noticed that it
was partitioned and that he had apparently made a room of some kind out of the
other half of it.  She checked her little finger and hoped he would not notice
the tiny red spot of blood stained makeup where the Super Glue had torn her skin
slightly.  She rang the door bell.

"Come in slut," he said as he opened the door.  "Your makeup looks good and
slutty, strip."

She undressed and laid her clothes on the back of the chair.  Things had gone
too far for her to protest this humiliation any more.

"Hand me the key to you house, so I can use my slut whenever I wish to.  Hand it
to me with your left hand."

As she held her hand out, he grabbed her wrist, and examined her little finger. 
He said, "so, you got your fingers unglued, but tore the skin didn't you slut?" 
He took the key from her hand and laid it down on his coffee table.  "Go get on
my bed, face down, I am going to butt fuck you again."

"Please don't, I am too sore.  I will do anything you want if you will not do
that to me,"  Beth pleaded as tears welled up in her eyes.

"Anything?" he asked.

"Yes, anything you want,"  she pleaded.

Laughing he said, "slut, you will do anything I want anyway because you need to
protect you job, your reputation, and your social standing.  That is not an
offer I am interested in.  Go lay down, I am going to fuck your sore ass hole. 
Now go before I get mad."

Beth went to his bedroom, she knew that she simply had no other alternative than
to obey him.  She laid down and buried her face in the pillow.  Her tears wetted
the pillow as she waited.  She stiffened as she felt him sit on the bed.  She
felt his hands spreading her buttocks as he move into position between her legs.

Frank looked at her swollen and red rectum, and felt some pity for her, but he
knew this was a necessary part of his overall plan.  "If you concentrate on
relaxing your slutty ass hole, it will not hurt as much," he said as he started
applying KY jelly to her rear.  He saw her jump and heard a low moan when he
touched her, but continued to slowly penetrate and stretch the muscles in her
anus for his penis. 

Then he positioned the head of he penis on the center of her anus, and in one
hard push, drove it all the way in to her bowels.  He felt her rectum stiffen,
then relax as he drove into her.  He fucked her hard and fast, until he had shot
his load into her deepest recesses.  Then he pulled out and told her not to move
until he returned.

Beth was still crying with her head buried in the pillow when he came back a few
minutes later.  The throbbing in her rear was lessening, but her spirits were
lower than ever.  Being used like this without mercy or feeling made her feel
terrible.

When Frank returned he was wearing a pair of jogging shorts and nothing else. 
He started at her lovely body and was surprised that he felt a twitch of life in
he penis so soon after having shot his load in her rear.  He got on the bed and
sat on top of her upturned buttocks.  "let me see your left hand again," he told
her.

Beth moved her left hand behind her for him to examine.  She felt him separating
her fingers, then when he said he wanted to see her right hand for comparison,
she moved her other hand to behind her back.  She felt him examining that hand
also.  Then she felt him holding both hands, then something cold, then a click
and a tightening of something around her wrists.

"Those are police quality handcuffs slut, they will not give.  You can struggle
if you wish, but it will do no good." he said.

She pulled against them for only a few moments, before she realized that he was
right.  Struggle would be futile.  She relaxed with her face still buried in the
tear stained pillow.  She could not help but wonder what she would have to
endure next at the hands of this man that she hated so much.

"Roll over on you back," he told her.

It was difficult to do with her hands cuffed behind her, but she managed to do
it.  She shifted until her hands were as comfortable as possible in the small of
her back, and watched as he sat to top of her hips.

"I am sure you will agree that the Super Glue glues skin very tightly.  I am
also sure that it hurt when you finally managed to pull your fingers apart."  He
paused a moment, then continued "fingers tend to be less sensitive than other
parts of the body, and yours had natural body oils on them."

She watched as he took a bottle of alcohol and dampened a large cotton ball.

"Just think how much better the glue would stick if I had cleaned your fingers
with this first, and just think if they had not been smooth, and had been much
more sensitive," he told her as he smiled a wicked little grin.  He leaned over
her body as if he was going to kiss her, but instead pulled the ends of a wide
leather strap from under the mattress.

Beth had thought he wanted to kiss and had instinctively closed her eyes.  She
felt the leather strap across her neck, then felt it tighten.  It happened so
fast that she did not have time to react.  She could barely swallow, and could
not lift her head even a fraction of an inch.

"What? she exclaimed.

"Now, just you relax.  I am not going to hurt you.  I just did not want you
trying to avoid the inevitable my dear slut."  He took the alcohol and put more
on the cotton ball.  He started wiping down her right nipple rubbing very hard.

Beth tried to move, but was held in place with the strap across her heck and his
weight as he sat on top of her hips.  She said nothing partly because she knew
it would do no good and partly out of fear.

He worked on her right nipple until it was raw form the scrubbing, then did the
same thing to her left nipple.  He held for her to see two small pieces of shiny
metal, each about 1/2 inch long and cone shaped.  They were open at the wide end
and had a bright shiny ring attached to the pointed end. He put more alcohol in
these cones and cleaned them as thoroughly as he had her nipples.  He laid them
on her stomach.

"Remember this?" he asked as he held up the tube of Super Glue.  She watched in
fear as he placed a large drop right on the tip of each of her nipples saying,
"this will sting a little." 

Beth tried to move, to resist as she felt the glue stinging her raw nipples, but
she could not get away.  Her eyes were wide in fear as she saw him place one of
the tiny cones over each nipple.  "There, we will just give it a few minutes for
the glue to harden, then I will let you get up and go clean your ass hole," he
said.

The stinging went away about the time Frank got up and released the Velcro
across Beth's neck.  He told her to stand up, and when she did, he removed the
hand cuffs.  "Go clean your ass slut, then come to the den.  Be quick, I will be
waiting on you," he said as he walked out of the bed room.

As soon as Beth walked in the bathroom she went up to the mirror.  She examined
the things that he had attached to her nipples with the Super Glue.  She tugged
on each one only to find they were very securely and firmly glued to her
nipples.  She cleaned her bottom and went into the den.

"Why did you glue those things on me?" she asked as soon as she got to the den.

"Because I wanted to slut, and do you have any objections?"

She started to say something, but instead just shook her head "no."

"I can assure you that the rings are well secure to your soft nubby nipple
flesh.  If you pull them off you will cause yourself more pain than you could
ever possibly imagine.  You will actually pull part of you nipples off and they
might never grow back to look normal.  You would not want that would you?"

She again shook her head "no," but said nothing.

"In a few days, the skin of your nipples will grow and the glue will loosen its
hold.  I would guess that
 you should be able to get the them off your nipples in four or five days.  If
you are careful and gentle, there will be no damage at all.  Come over here and
let me see how well they are attached."

She walked to where he was seated.  He reached up and examined each one pulling
her breast out from her body as he did.  "They are really well attached slut,
they would pull your whole fucking nipple out by its roots if you are not
careful.  It would mutilate what otherwise are nice tits, do you understand
that?"

"Yes," was her only reply.

She watched as he took a small chain from his pocket.  It was about 24" long and
had a ring at each end.  She stood motionless as he used tiny locks to attach
each end of the chain to one of the rings on her nipples.  "Follow me," he told
her.  She followed her into his guest bathroom.

There he took a chain that was looped around a faucet and locked in place, he
locked the other end to the short chain running between her nipples.  "If you
are not here when I return, you are free, truly free from me.  I will destroy
the material I have collected on you and never bother you again.  This I
promise"

He walked to the bathroom door, and said, "I have to run some errands, I will be
back in an hour or so.  Here is your chance to be free of me forever, all you
have to do is get loose."  With that he closed the door.

Beth waited until she heard him drive off, the she examined the chains and
locks.  While they were small, she could tell they were very strong and would
not break.  She pulled at first one nipple then the other, but there was no sign
they would come off.  She tried over and over until her nipples were sore and
she could try no longer.  Then she sat on the closed toilet, helpless and
totally hopeless.  She cried as she waited for his return.

END OF CHAPTER THREE




CHAPTER FOUR

At last Beth heard Frank's car drive up and the door slam.   She heard the front
door open.  Then she heard someone at the door to the bathroom.  Frank walked in
wearing tan slacks, a knit shirt, and top sides with no socks.  He said, "when I
did not see a trail of blood leading from my house, I knew you had decided to
stay.  It is better you did because you would have probably bled to death before
you could get to a hospital anyway.  Your nipples would be badly torn and have
bled a hell of a lot."  He explained as he unfastened the lock holding the chain
to the faucet.

Using the end of the chain he held as a leash he said, "come on, it is time for
you to fix us something to eat."  He led her to the kitchen where bags of
groceries were sitting on the counter.  He locked his end of the chain to a post
at the end of the counter holding up the cabinets, and said, "I hope you are a
good cook slut.  If you are not, that sore ass of yours is going to get fucked
again."  He then left her alone in the kitchen saying, "put up the groceries and
cook the steak for me.  You can fix yourself a salad."

Beth looked around the kitchen noting it was very much like her own.  She had no
choice but to do as he wanted.  She put away the groceries, and started the
meal.  The steak was broiled and the salad ready in just over thirty minutes. 
She waited for him to return, but when he didn't, she called, "Dr. Benson, the
meal is ready."

He walked into the kitchen and snapped,  "did I tell you to call me anything but
'sir'?"

She shook her head "no."

He picked up a large wooden spoon and hit her right on the soft part of her
lower stomach.

"Aw!" she exclaimed.

"If you ever do that again, I will beat you badly, do you hear me?"

"Yes,"  she answered meekly.

"Put you hands behind your back slut," he barked in a tone so angry that it
startled her.

Beth, fearing he would hit her again, put her hands behind her back as fast as
she could.  He stepped behind her and placed the handcuffs he had used earlier
on her wrists.  "You will eat tonight like a slut bitch dog," he snapped.

He placed her salad bowl on the table and waited for her to sit.  Then he took
his place across from her and started his meal.  Seeing that she was just
sitting and not eating, he said, "I will shove any scrap of that salad in front
of you left uneaten  up your ass with a broom handle.  Eat it slut, or suffer
the consequences."

Beth immediately started bending over and eating her salad like a dog would eat
dog food.  She ate as quickly as she could just to get it over with, but did not
leave a single scrap much to Frank's amusement.  It was after 8:00 when the had
finished.  Frank took the hand cuffs off Beth's wrists and told her that she had
no more than 30 minutes to wash dishes unless she wanted more ass fucking.  She
hurried through the clean up and had just finished when Frank came back in the
kitchen.  He unlocked the chain and led her to the den.

After sitting on the couch, he asked, "is your cunt wet and ready for me to
use?"

"Yes," she answered not knowing if it really was or not.

"Come over here and let me see, do it bending over like you did last time."

She stood in front of him, turned, then bent over and touched her spread feet. 
She felt his finger touch her swollen anus and let out a tiny whimper of pain. 
The she felt his fingers violating her vagina.  "It is not wet enough to suit me
slut," he proclaimed.  "But your ass is so stretched it would not give me
pleasure.  Turn back around, get on your slut knees and suck me off."

When she turned back she was he had already pulled down his shorts.  She knelt
in front, between his legs and took his penis in her mouth and started giving
him the oral sex he had demanded.  She had been at it for over 10 minutes when
he pushed her head off his penis and said, "stand up slut."

"What is my name slut?"

"Sir," she answered.

"What is that?" he asked pointing to her vagina.

"My cunt," was her reply.

"Who owns your cunt?"

"You do."

"What is your name slut?"

"Slut," she answered looking down at the floor.

"Very good slut, very good indeed.  You are learning, and that pleases me," he
said laughing.

"Now how do I like for my slut's cunt to be?"

"Wet," she replied still looking at the floor.

"It is good that you are a fast learner.  There is much more for you to learn." 
Taking hold of the chain attached to her nipples, he said "follow me."

He led her through the door into his garage and past her car.  They went to the
door in the part of the two car garage where he had his shop and went inside. 
He turned on the lights and said, "look around."

At one end was a work bench covered in tools and electrical parts.  Alone the
wall above the bench were cabinets.  The sheet rock had been removed from the
ceiling and there were ropes and pulley hanging from all the rafters.  Near the
other end was a strange looking table about 8 feet long and 3 feet wide.  The
floor had several eye bolts embedded into the concrete floor.  There were
cabinets all along one side of the room.

"Tomorrow, you will learn what all of this is for, but not just yet.  I just
wanted you to get an idea of what you can expect.  Do you know what all of this
is for?"

Beth shuddered, and said that she did not, but the truth was that she suspected
it was for the continued mistreatment of her.

He led her back out of his workshop and into the house noticing that she was
trembling.  In the den, he told her to wait and he would be right back.  He
disappeared back through the garage door.  When he returned he was carrying what
appeared to be three pieces of chrome plated metal, each about 3 feet long.

She watched as he sat them on the floor.  Two of the pieces were attached in the
middle and formed a large "X" on the floor when he opened it up.  He tightened
the mechanism, and took the third piece and placed it into a cylinder about 12"
long that was just slightly larger in diameter.  The upright piece was about 1
1/2  inches in diameter and ended in a round ball like blunt point.  He had an
adjustment on the center and lowered it to just over two feet.

"Stand with one foot here and the other here," he said pointing to places on
opposite sides of the upright piece.

She hesitated for a moment, then stood where he indicated, with the upright
directly beneath her bottom.  He bent over and started to raise the upright. 
Just before it touched the entrance to her vagina, he stopped.

"This will not hurt, I just want you to relax.  I am going to put it into your
cunt, but if you feel pain, let me know.  Will you do that?"

Beth felt it was strange for this man to ask her if she would do something
rather than telling her she had to.  It made her feel more secure, and she said
"yes, I will."

He bent back over and gently eased the blunt end into her vagina.  She felt the
cold metal against her hot insides and it felt good to her.  Her raised it
higher, ever so slowly.  He was waiting for her to let him know it was deep
enough inside her body to just press against her cervix.  This he knew would
cause a sharp pain.  He continued until he saw her jerk and heard a low moan. 
He lowered it nearly two inches so she was in no discomfort, and the tightened
the adjustment screw to hold it in place at that level.  he stood back to admire
his latest "invention."

"Are you in pain?" he asked in what truly seemed like a caring tone of voice.

"No, not if I stand still," she answered.

He took a seat so he could look at her and said,  "if you can get off that rod
sticking in your cunt, you can go home right now.  If you can't get off, I am
going to ram this up you sore ass hole,"  showing her a large butt plug.  It was
shaped somewhat like a Christmas tree with a flat base as large around as the
wide part of the "tree."  The "trunk" of the tree was about an inch in diameter
and a little over an inch long.  "this is bigger around than my cock, so you can
imagine that it will hurt like hell until it is inside your butt far enough for
you ass to close over the small part and hold it inside you.  Now you have 15
minutes to get off of it and go home, otherwise it is the butt plug up your
ass."


He sat and watched amused as she first tried to push the rod down.  He had
tightened the screw and knew it would not slip.  Next she tried standing as high
as she could on her tip toes, but she could not get high enough to get it out of
her.  She tried leaning forward, tilting the base up on two of its four legs,
but she was stopped when the tilting caused the end to raise just high enough to
touch her cervix and cause a sharp pain.   He watched her struggle, then said,
"you have less than two minutes slut."

To his disappointment, she tilted it far enough just to the point of lightly
touching her cervix, then took a chance he had not anticipated.  She hopped far
enough that it came out and she was off of it.

"Do I get to go home like you promised?" she asked innocently.

Frank hid his disappointment and said, "yes, you will learn that you can always
trust me, and you can count on me to do exactly what I tell you I will do.  Slut
you will learn to trust me fully and without exception.  Yes, you may go home,
but you must return tomorrow afternoon at 1:00, it that understood?"

"Yes," she replied.

He walked over to her and unlocked the long chain attached to the short one that
ran from nipple to nipple.  "You will keep the other chain on unless you can
figure a way to get it off when you get home.  Now leave but leave just like you
are, naked.  Be here tomorrow and be naked then also slut."  Having said that he
got up and went to his kitchen, and mixed himself a stiff drink.

When he heard the door to the garage close he went to his desk noting her
clothes were still on the back of the chair where she had put them when she
arrived.  He sat at his desk, took out his journal and started making notes. 
The night had not gone as planned, but it had worked out perhaps better in the
long run he noted.   He worked quickly because he knew he had work to do in his
workshop, work on the device that had failed him, his  "display stand."

Beth drove home nude except for the necklace and the short chain running from
one nipple to the other.  She was glad it was dark and drove more carefully than
she had ever before driven.  She was so relieved when her automatic garage door
closed behind her car, that she just sat and trembled for several minutes before
going into her house.

Inside, she almost ran to her bathroom to put on her bathrobe.  She closed it
all the way up to her neck and tied the belt tightly.  She wanted to cover up
the chain between her nipples and the "slut" necklace.  Some how, she reasoned,
if she could not see what he had done to her body, she could just forget what
was happening to her.

She went back to her kitchen and poured herself a large tumbler of wine.  She
took the bottle and sat it on her coffee table, and she collapsed on the couch
in a near fit of depression.  Her  thoughts were only about how she could get
herself out of the trap she was now in, but it had to be done so that her
reputation would not be ruined. 

Soon she was finishing her second large glass of wine.  Her hand toyed with the
small cone that was attached to her left nipple with super glue and the chain
that run from it to the right nipple.  She pulled and tugged on it to loosen it
until her nipple was sore.  There was no sign of it loosening, not even a tiny
bit.

Beth toyed with it for a long time.  Then she felt strangely aroused by the
constant fiddling she was doing with her nipple.  This made her feel even worse,
and she poured herself a third tumbler of wine.  She went to the full length
mirror in her bedroom, and slipped the bathrobe off her shoulders.  She stood
there looking at the necklace and the chain between her nipples.  Still naked,
she returned to the couch and her glass of wine.  She laid back on the couch and
thought and drank.  Her hand moved to between her legs and she felt the soft
wetness of her vagina.  She inserted her finger and located her clitoris.  There
she stayed and just teased it for a while.  It made her feel better and took her
mind off the terrible mess her life had turned into.

Now, she was drinking directly form the wine bottle, the nearly empty wine
bottle.  Her right hand was busy between her legs, and her left hand alternated
between tugging on the chain and drinking the last of the wine.  She worked more
furiously on her clitoris and was getting very aroused.  Her finger touched her
swollen and sore anus, the went back to her clitoris.  In a drunken stupor, she
worked until she had three hard orgasms, the fell to sleep still naked on the
couch.

Beth awoke in her dark house.  She turned on a light and saw it was 2:30 am. 
She went to her bathroom, took a shower and put on her pajamas.  In bed, she
quickly went back to sleep.  The end of what had been a long and confusing day
for her.

Beth thought she heard a noise.  She opened her eyes and looked at her alarm
clock, it was 6:30 am.  She did not move, but stayed real still just listening
for whatever had awoken her.  She heard another noise, and sat up in bed.  Then
she heard it again, someone was in her house.

"Slut," she heard Frank's voice saying, "I am drinking a glass of milk from your
refrigerator.  When I am finished with the milk, I am going to fuck you.  If
your cunt is wet, I will fuck it.  If it is not, I am going to fuck your sore
ass hole.  You have just a couple of minutes before I finish the milk, then I
will be there in your bedroom to fuck my slut."


Frank had always enjoyed his early morning walks, and this was going to make
them even more enjoyable.  Like most men, he frequently awoke with an erection,
and now he had a way to resolve his need.  He had just let himself in her house
and taken off his shorts and underwear.  He wondered if she was now working her
hands between her legs to get herself wet, and smiled to himself as he waited
and finished the glass of milk.


Beth was more than just startled by his unannounced entry into her house, she
was angered by it.  Yet she knew it would do no good to protest, he simply had
too much to hold over her.  She had no choices available to her. 

She knew her rectum was still sore, so she started to masturbate herself to get
her vagina wet in an attempt to keep him from injuring her rear further.  Soon
she was aroused and wet, very wet.

Frank walked into her bedroom and said, "is your cunt wet, slut?"

She just nodded that it was.  She looked at him standing in the doorway to her
bedroom wearing a t-shirt and sneakers, but nothing covering his male genitalia. 
His penis was fully erect as he stood there.

"Spread  your legs and show me if it is wet, slut."

He smiled at her as she spread her legs, then she used both hands, spread her
labia.  Her moisture caused a very erotic glistening on her inner labia.  He
said nothing, but got on her bed between her legs.

She felt his erect penis pause just at her entrance canal, the felt the fullness
of it as he pushed it inside her body.  He moved it in and out of her body
slowly and as sensually as he could.  He wanted to make her enjoy this despite
what he knew would be her resolve to not respond.

He kept up his slow movement, not touching her except for the connection of his
penis and her vagina.  As he felt himself building to a climax, he heard several
low moans of pleasure escape from her lips.  He gave no indication that he had
heard anything, but just continued his movements.

Beth was mortified at how she was responding to this intrusion into her privacy. 
She tried to hold back, but the passion was rising in her body.  It was again
betraying her despite her best efforts.  She felt him quiver just as she lost
all control over her own reflexes.  They came together, and she hoped he had not
noticed.  He was thrilled that she had reached an orgasm, for today was an
important one in her training.  It was good then she had responded so well.

Frank pulled his now limp and spent penis from her body, and walked out of her
bedroom.  In just a couple of minutes, she heard her front door close.  She knew
he had gone, but she did not move.  She started crying, not because Frank had
come in to her house without an invitation, not because he had just raped her
still again, but because she had been betrayed by her won body.  She had reached
a climax and she had hated it.


At last she got up and took her shower.  She spent the morning reading the
Sunday paper dressed only in her bathrobe.  After a light breakfast, she went to
work at her desk in a book review that was due on Monday.

As the time crept slowly to the time she had to return to Dr. Benson's house,
her mood became more and more depressed.  She finished the book review, and
looked in her refrigerator.  There was no wine left.  She mixed herself a strong
drink of orange juice and vodka, and sat on her couch.  She need the alcohol to
boost her nerves and steady her thinking.

She went to her vanity and started to put her makeup on.  She did it as Dr.
Benson had wanted yesterday, heavy and gaudy.  Then she looked at the time, it
was 12:30.  She had to be at his house in just thirty minutes.  She fixed
herself another equally strong drink and sipped it as she watched  the time
slowly slip away.

Back at his house, Frank was also checking the time.  He had been very busy
since returning from Beth's house.  He had spent the entire morning getting his
workshop ready for her.  The work table now had been moved to the center of the
room, ropes hung from pulleys high on the ceiling rafters, and the cabinets had
all been opened for easy access.

Today Beth would learn that he enjoyed bondage and giving pain.  She had already
learned that he liked total control, but that was just one of the steps of her
training.  Today she would learn to accept pain, then maybe next weekend she
would learn to enjoy receiving pain as much as he did giving pain, but it had to
be this difficult step that came first.

She was due to arrive in just thirty minutes and he needed to shower and change
clothes.  He closed his workshop door and went to his bathroom to get ready for
her arrival.

END OF CHAPTER FOUR




CHAPTER FIVE


	Beth waited until it was 5 minutes before 1:00, then wearing only her
raincoat, she got in her car and drove the short distance to Frank's house.  She
wore nothing underneath except the chain attached to her nipples by Super glue. 
Beth wondered how long it would be before the glue came off and she would be
free from that chain.  It was much worse than the necklace with the word "slut"
that hung from her neck.

	She parked, walked to his door, and rang the door bell.  He opened it and
said, "good, you are on time slut.  Come on it."  Then shut the door behind her.

	She was a bit surprised that Frank was wearing what looked like old work
clothes, jeans and a T-shirt.  But not when he told her to strip.  She quickly
removed the raincoat and neatly folded it and placed it on the back of a chair. 

	"I have been in my work shop all morning and I need to shower and change
clothes," he explained.  "While I am doing that, I will give you another chance
to end your afternoon with me early."  Gesturing, he said, " stand over that,"
pointing to the chrome plated shaft she had escaped from yesterday.

	Beth did as he directed, straddling the vertical part of the device noting
it glistened with a liberal coating of KY jelly.  She watched as he knelt
between her legs and raised the adjustable shaft.  He paused and told her, "just
as in yesterday, if you can get off of this, you are free to go back home, and I
will not need to use you until Wednesday evening at 7:00."

	She felt the cold metal shaft as it entered her vagina.  It seemed like it
had gone deeper into her than before, and this was confirmed when he told her
that he had made modifications to it.  She felt it touch her cervix and winced
in light pain from the contact.

	Frank stood back to admire his nude prisoner.  She was strikingly beautiful
and progressing nicely in her acceptance of his control of her.  "Just to give
you added incentive in your attempts to free yourself and go home, I am
expecting a guest to arrive at 2:00.  That is a little over 45 minutes from now,
and if you don't want to be seen like that, you better get yourself off."

	"What?" Beth exclaimed!  "A guest?  No, you can't do that!"

	But Frank just smiled, turned and walked down the hall to his bedroom.  He
shut the door to the bedroom, chuckling to himself, and began to get his shower
and change clothes.

	When he returned to the den, he noticed that Beth's body was covered in
sweat, her cheeks were streaked with tears, and a small amount of blood had
trickle about 6" down her inner thigh.  It was obvious that she had tried very
hard to get off his "display stand," and that she had even gone so far as to
hurt herself in so doing.  She was so busy in her continued attempts to get off
the rod extending into her vagina, that she did not see him return.

	"Well I see you are still here," he said, grinning at her.  "Our guest will
be here in just about 5 minutes, so you better hurry if you are going to get off
and leave."

	"This has gone to far, Dr. Burns.  I demand that you free me right now."

	"And if I don't?" he asked laughing.

	He watched as she struggled with renewed determination.  "Please, let me off
this contraption, please," she begged.  "I will do any thing you want, just
don't let any one see me like this?"  She started crying again, and a little
more blood trickled down her inner thigh.

	"No, I already can get you to do as I wish, and your struggles are causing
your cunt to bleed.  However, I will allow you to hide your face if you wish,"
he told her as he produced a black leather hood from his pocket.  "That is the
only concession I will allow."

	Beth stopped her vain attempts to free herself, but continued to cry. 
Sobbing, she said, " OK let me have it," pointing to the hood he held.

	"No, I will put it on for you, but you must also wear this," and he held out
a large red rubber ball with straps attached to it.  "It is a ball gag, my dear,
and it will not hurt you.  Do we have a deal?"

	Beth heard a car door slam just outside his house.  In a state of near
panic, she said, "OK, OK, but hurry."

	She was surprised at how wide she had to open her mouth to receive the ball,
and how tightly he fastened it behind her head.  Then he slipped the leather
hood over her head and fastened it behind her neck.  Only then did she realize
it had no holes for her to see through and that it could be locked in place. 
She was in total darkness, and unable to utter a word, when she heard the door
bell ring.

	Frank went to the door and opened it, "saying her ears are not plugged, do
you thing she will recognize your voice?"

	Susan Winters, Society Editor for the newspaper walked it and directly to
where Beth was impaled on the shaft protruding into her vagina.  "No we have met
only a few times, and never under these conditions," she said laughing.  "So
this is the Head Librarian and Book Editor of the newspaper.  I would have never
believed that she had such a great body under the dowdy clothes she always
wears."

	Beth was horrified to learn that this person, Frank's guest, was someone
that knew her.  The female voice she heard was vaguely familiar, but Beth could
not identify it.  Yet she knew they had in fact met before, she just couldn't
place it or the speaker.

	"Frank, this is wonderful," Susan said.  "how is her training coming along?"

	"She is doing nicely, but we have a way to go before she is ready," he
answered.

	"Help me with these," Beth heard Frank say.  Then without warning, both of
her wrists were grabbed and twisted behind her back.  She felt the cold steel of
handcuffs around her wrists, then heard the click  as they were locked in place.

	"Would you like a glass of wine?" Frank asked his guest.

	"Yes," she responded.  "May I examine her while you get our wine?" she
asked.

	"Of course, my dear," he said as he went to his kitchen.
	
	Beth felt hands feeling her breasts, then her back and buttocks.  The hands
then were groping  her vagina.  Beth wanted to resist, but there was no way to
avoid the hands. 

	"She has wonderfully firm and well shaped breasts Frank, and her ass is
equally nice."

	"I was very surprised at her body myself," he responded.

	Beth felt her nipples being tugged by the chain attached between them.  When
does she get rid of these?"  she heard the woman ask.

	"The glue should loosen enough in a couple more days to get them off," was
his answer.

	"Well, are you ready to get started?"

	"God yes.  I thought you would never ask, I am dying to do it," the lady
answered.

	"Beth," Frank said, "I am attaching a short leash to your nipple chain,
don't pull away or you will severely damage them.  We are going to lead you to
my work shop, and you will not be hurt in the least if you do exactly as I tell
you.  Do you understand?"

	Beth nodded her head that she did, but her body was trembling in fear of
just what was going to happen to her.  She felt the metal shaft being lowered
from her vagina, then a light flash of pain as the nipple leash was pulled.  She
followed in the direction of the pulling leash.
	
	Soon, she heard Frank say, "you are at the edge of a table, we will help you
up on it."  Then she felt herself being lifted and was sitting flat on top of
it.  Her shoulders were grabbed and she was forceful pulled down flat on her
back with her hand cuffed wrists painful in the small of it.  She felt what
seemed like a strap tighten across her stomach and at the same time another
tightening across the front of her neck.  The neck strap was so tight she could
just barely breathe.

	"My guest is going to shave your cunt hair off.  Unless you are perfectly
still, you will cause her to cut you, and I know you would not want that.  So
just remain motionless."

	Beth struggled against the straps when she heard this, but was unable to
make more than the slightest movements.  She tried to protest, but was prevented
from making more than just grunting noises by the ball gag in her mouth.

	"Aw, the lady does not want her pussy shaved," she heard the unknown lady
say in a mocking tone of voice.  She grabbed a handful of Beth's pubic hair and
yanked so hard that Beth's torso was lifted off the table, "maybe she had rather
I pull it out," she said as she laughed.

	Beth was surprised at the suddenness of the pull and the extreme pain it
caused.  She let out a loud groan, then whimpered audibly.

	"If you don't want it pulled out, then you better spread you legs nice and
wide for me honey.  Actually, I just hope you do resist, I love to hurt girls
such as you.  It gives me great pleasure."  Then to drive home her point, she
grabbed another handful  and yanked equally as hard as the first time.

	Beth immediately spread her legs.  Frank said, "I think the slut wants to
cooperate."

	Both laughed as Beth felt shaving lather being spread between her legs. 
Then she felt the pull of the razor as it started cutting through her pubic
hair.  Stroke after stroke she felt for what seemed like an hour.  Her legs were
raised and the shaving continued until, Beth knew that she was now totally
hairless.  She jerked in pain as alcohol was splashed on the newly shaved skin
burning like fire.

	"There, I think she looks much better, what do you think Frank?"

	"Yes, it is a vast improvement," Frank said agreeing.

	"Can I cut her just a tiny bit?" the lady asked.

	"No, but I will let you if the slut fails to keep herself shaved for me at
all times.  In fact, I will let you do more than just a tiny cut if there is
ever any stubble there.  Did you hear what I said slut?"

	Beth was just able to nod that she did.

	The woman said, "I have to go now, but I want to save a sample of her pussy
hair before I go.  Do you have an envelope or something I could put some of it
in?" she asked Frank.

	"Sure, I'll go get an envelope for you.  I will be right back."

	Susan leaned over Beth's body strapped to the table and whispered, "we are
going to become very well acquainted.  I hope you like eating pussy, darling." 
Then without warning, Beth felt a finger being thrust inside her vagina.  The
finger lingered there a while then withdrew, as she heard Frank handing the
envelope to the woman.

	"Here," he said, "collect all you want."

	Beth heard Frank ask the lady if she thought that Beth had recognized her
voice, and the lady say she didn't as they left and closed the workshop door. 
Beth was strapped down so tightly, that she could move little but her legs which
she quickly closed.  She was exhausted from the stress and actually drifted off
into a fitful sleep.

END OF CHAPTER FIVE




	CHAPTER SIX



	When Beth woke up, she was aware that she was on her side.  She raised up
just enough to discover the straps which had held her to the table had been
removed.  She was aware of a dull ache in her jaws from having been forced open
wide for so long.

	"Good, you are awake," she heard Frank say.  "Sit up and I will remove the
hand cuffs, hood and the ball gag, I have other uses for your mouth..

	Although Beth did not like the sound of that, anything would be better than
having that ball in her my mouth for another minute.  She sat upright.

	Quickly, the hood and gag were removed, then the hand cuffs.  Beth just sat
rubbing her wrists, but not speaking.  "Who was that woman? she asked after a
few minutes.

	"You will find out when she wants you to know her identity, but not before
slut.  By the way, I meant what I said about letting her cut you if you fail to
keep your cunt shaved nice and smooth at all times.  Believe me slut, you would
not like that at all."

	She looked down for the first time at her hairless vagina, and was repulsed
by it nakedness.  Yet she knew it would do no good to protest, he would just
threaten to send his file on her to the newspaper and the Library board, and she
would have to give in to prevent that.

	"Okay, now follow me to the bed room, and I will let you suck my cock.  If
you do a good job, you can then go on home.  Remember though, that you are to
return here Wednesday night at 7:00, with just your rain coat on, just like
today.  If you are lucky, we will be able to take the glued rings off your
nipples.  In fact: Frank said, "if you can get them off before then, go ahead
and do it."  He added, "We will not need them anymore after Wednesday night."

	Beth was so thrilled to hear that she would no longer have those ring glued
to her nipples, that she literally bounced down the hall as she follow Frank to
his bedroom.  She waited until he unzipped his pants and pulled them down, and
while he laid back on his bed.  She took his penis in her mouth and gave him the
very best oral sex she could possibly give in hopes he would be pleased enough
to let her return to the safety of her own house. 

	Within 15 minutes, Frank was squirting his cum down her throat, moaning with
pleasure as he did.  "Ok, slut, get out, but be back Wednesday night," he said
as he rolled over turning his back to her.

	Beth got in her car, noting it was still not quiet 5:00, and drove home. 
She parked and went inside and locked her door.  In her bathroom, she opened her
raincoat and looked between her legs at her hairless vagina.  It was not
attractive to her at all, and looked obscene.  She pulled on a pair of short and
a T-shirt, fixed herself a stiff drink, and sat on her couch.  She spent a long
time trying identify the voice of the woman who had shaved he.  It was a voice
she had heard before, but she just could not place it


	Monday morning, she arrived at work ready to put in a hard day.  She felt
strange between her legs where the hair once was, but so engrossed herself in
her work that she was able to put it out of her  mind.  The day passed
uneventfully, and soon she was driving to the newspaper's building to turn in
the book review she had worked on over the weekend.

	She parked and went to the third floor to turn the review in and check the
box there for any messages or rewrites that she needed to get do this week.  She
thumbed through the messages that had been left there by her boss, and stopped
at a sealed envelope that had no name on it.  She opened the envelope.  Inside
was a hank of hair tied together by a tiny pink ribbon and a typewritten note.

	The note read, "Here is a souvenir of our time together, Beth.  I look
forward to our next meeting."  There was no name indicating who the note was
from, but it had to be an employee of the newspaper.  The public did not have
access to this floor of the building.  Beth closed the envelope and hurriedly
put it in her purse.  She looked around, but no one was there.  She quickly left
the building and drove home.

	In her house, she poured a glass of wine and sat down with the envelope of
hair she had taken out of her purse.  She looked at it and decided it was, or at
least had been, hers.  "Now who put it in my box, who was that woman who know
also knows about me?" she wondered.  h had two more glasses of wine while
pondering on that question.  Then she fell asleep on the couch still fully
dressed.

	Sometime after midnight Beth awoke, undressed, took her shower and went to
bed.  She was fast asleep when she heard someone.  She opened her eyes to see
Frank standing at the foot of her bed dressed in his jogging outfit and smiling
don at her.

	"What are you doing here?" she exclaimed.

	"I wants my slut's cunt if it is wet, or your ass if it is not.  I am going
to piss, it better be wet when I get back or I will butt fuck you."  he walked
to her bathroom having said that.

	Beth seethed with anger, but she quickly started working on herself to get
as wet as possible in the few minutes she had before he returned.  She was
reminded just how much she hated her hairless condition as her hand found their
way to her vagina.  Soon she was not only wet, but had managed to again aroused
herself in the process.  She hated that most of all, and felt as if her body was
an enemy in this matter.

	He returned naked proudly displaying his erect penis.  "Part your knees and
spread your cunt lips, et me see if you are wet enough to avoid an ass fuck," he
told her.

	She did just that even though it was almost more humiliation than she could
take.  He inspected, and inserted a finger, them pronounced, it was not as wet
as it ought to be, but it would do.

		Once again, he inserted his penis being careful to insure that was the
only point of contact between their bodies.  He watched as his male meat
glistened with her moisture as in slid in and out of her hairless pussy.  He
moved in and out very slowly at first, then he saw what he was hoping to see. 
Beth's hips had moved slightly forward to meet his deliberate motion.  He
continues to watch and increased the speed of his thrusts.  As he did, her
motion increased in speed to match his.  He smiled to himself and sped up even
more as she did the same.  Then he slammed hard and fast into her.  He heard a
low moan, the another, and still another as he continued.  At the moment he was
shooting his cum into her, she let out an even louder groan.

	Frank pulled his spent penis from her body and got off the bed.  He said
nothing, but just dressed and left her still laying on the bed with her knees
apart.

	She continued to lay on her bed, not moving long after he had gone.  She
hated herself for having lost control,  even more because she was sure Frank had
noticed it.  She resolved to never, never let that happen again, even if it
meant allowing him to have anal intercourse with her.  She was just not going to
arouse herself to get wet for him again she thought was why she had lost
control.

	She got up at last and showered.  There she examined her bald vagina, and
was repulsed at its hairless obscenity.  She was at least comforted by the fact
that her hair would grow back.

	At work, she felt more comfortable.  Her mind was totally engrossed by her
love of her job and blocked out all thoughts of her plight.  Only in using the
bathroom was she forced to confront the reality of her situation.  She was
growing to hate being hairless "there" by the second.

	Soon it was Wednesday and she was home drinking a gin and tonic, watching
the clock tick ever closer to the time she had to be at Frank's house.  She made
up her mind that she was not under any circumstance get herself wet for him, and
that she was going to just endure the pain of anal intercourse.

	At last, she put on her rain coat.  A button caught in the chain between her
nipples and with a slight tug, one side came free.  The chain just dangled from
her right nipple.  This was the first thing that had pleased her in some time. 
She knew that soon the other would come free and she would no longer have that
chain between her nipples.

	When she rang his door bell, he opened the door and said, "come it and strip
slut.  He closed the door behind her.  Beth removed the rain coat and folded it
over the back of a chair.

	"I see the glue is coming loose," Frank commented gesturing to her chest. 
"Do you want me to glue them back on?"

	"No, please don't do that, please," she responded.

	"Ok, we will not do that again. Does that make you happy?"

	"Yes."

	As he walked to the couch, he pulled down his pants and undershorts, then
sat down.  "I have a date tonight, but she is a nice girl, not a slut like you. 
I just want to used your mouth then you can go home.  First though, stand in
front of me and spread your legs, I want to examine your cunt."

	The impact of what he had just said about his date being a nice girl and not
a slut hit Beth like a ton of bricks.  It made her realize just how low she was
considered to be by this man who was able to control her life by his nasty
blackmail threats.  She moved to stand in front of him and spread her legs as he
told her, but her eyes were filling with tears as she did.

	Frank was very pleased to see the tears, but restrained any show of his
elation.  His hand reached out and caressed her hairless vagina.  Then he asked,
"why didn't you shave your fucking cunt?"

	"I did not think it needed it," was her reply.  "The hair is very fine and
less than a 16th inch long, it is hardly visible."

	"On your knees," he said.

	Beth knelt between his legs and leaned over to give him the oral sex he had
said he wanted.  In a move so swift she had no time to react, he covered her
head with the leather hood he had used last Sunday.  He held her head while he
closed the tiny padlock to hold it firmly in place.

	"Stand up slut," he ordered in a surprisingly stern tone of voice.  He
shoved her down the hall to his bedroom and pushed her so that she fell back on
his bed.  "I will leave you here until I return, then I will get my sex."

	She felt him grab first one wrist then the other as he tied them to the
headboard of the bed.  "That should keep you out of harms way until I return,"
he said as he left the bedroom and closed the door.

	Beth laid there, unable to see and tied to the bed for what seemed a long
time when she heard the bedroom door open.  Actually it had taken Susan less
than a half hour to get there when Frank called and explained what he wanted her
to do to Beth.

	Beth heard the bedroom door open, and a female voice say, "well Beth, you
are a lovely sight."

	"Who are you?" Beth asked.

	"Don't you remember, I am the one that shaved your lovely pussy last
Sunday."

	"No, I mean what is your name?"

	"You will  learn that when it is time.  For now all you need to know is that
I love to hurt helpless girls like you, but  promised Frank that I would not
harm you unless I needed to.  If you cooperate, I will not hurt you, do you
understand?"  She reached out and grabbed Beth's left breast and squeeze hard to
emphasize her point.

	Beth gasped in pain, but said, "I will do as you want, just don't hurt me,
please don't."

	"Good, you will be glad to know that I will not hurt you, but do as I say or
else I will teach you the real meaning of pain."  She then told Beth to lift her
head.  When Beth did, she wrapped something around the hood over Beth's mouth
gagging her into silence.  She told Beth to lift her hips and then slid two
large pillows under them.

	 "I am going to remove your hair again.  The good news is that I am not
going to shave you, Frank was afraid I would be too tempted to cut you.  The bad
news is that I am going to remove them with tweezers."  She saw Beth's body jerk
as she said that.  "Oh, don't be afraid, only the first few will hurt, then you
will become accustomed to it and they rest will hardly cause any discomfort at
all.  Besides, you have no choice anyway, unless you want me to get rough with
you."

	"Now, spread those legs nice and wide for me," Susan said.

	Soon, she was at work, and Beth's body jumped as each hair was pulled out,
follicle and all.  Then, as she had been told, after about the first couple of
dozen, there was just the lightest sing as each hair was removed.  Beth lay that
way for hours as the unknown woman worked.	 

	At last Beth felt Her get off the bed and say, "finished."

	She was surprised to hear Frank ask, "did you get all of her hair."  She did
not know he had returned.

	"Yes, but I may need to get a few others later, just to clean it up good for
you."

	Beth heard them walk out of the bedroom and close the door.  In a couple of
minutes< Frank returned, and said, "that took longer than I expected.  It is
almost 4:00 am, and I don't want you to be late for work this morning.  We can't
chance you loosing your job."  As he said this he was untying Beth's wrists, and
removing the gag and hood.

		"You go on home now, but be here Saturday at noon,  naked of course.  I
will use you body then for my pleasure.  By the way be sure to bring a front
hook bra with you, that is very important."

	Beth said nothing, but got up, and went to the den.  She put on her coat and
drove home.  She went straight to bed without even taking a shower and fell to
sleep immediately.

END OF CHAPER SIX




CHAPTER SEVEN

	When Beth woke up Thursday morning, she discovered that her hips were a
little sore from having been spread so wide apart for so long last night.  She
went immediately to her bathroom and examined herself in the mirror.  Her entire
pubic region was covered with hundreds of tiny red dots where her hair had been
removed, but it was not sore.  She had plucked enough eyebrows to know that in a
couple of weeks her hair would start to return, so she was not worried.

	She showered and went to work, tired but on time.  She left for home a
little early saying she wasn't feeling well, but the truth was simply that she
had to catch up on the sleep she had lost last night.

	As soon as she got home she started getting undressed.  All she wanted to do
was to put on her pajamas and go to bed.  As she removed her bra, she saw the
other end of the chain had come loose from her right nipple.  She almost cried
with joy and happiness.  At last she was free from that chain on her nipples,
and it was a good feeling.  She went to bed happier than she had been in a long
time.

	She was so happy and in such a good mood the next day, that everyone who
worked with her said something about it.  Little did they know that she was, she
thought, nearing the end of what had been a nightmarish few weeks in her life. 
Beth really felt that this was going to end and could hardly contain herself.

	On her way home, she stopped by the newspaper office to deliver the rewrites
she had finished for the Sunday edition.  On the third floor she checked her box
for messages.  There were several, but one was in a sealed envelope with her
name typed on the front.  She was about to open it when others came into the
room.  She hurriedly put it in her purse and left the building.

	She got to her car and locked the doors.  Opening her purse, she removed the
envelope.  Inside was another typewritten note and a small strip of scotch tape
folded over and stuck to itself.  Between the layers of the scotch tape were
about a dozen or so tiny hairs with the follicles still attached.  The note
read, "be sure to keep these and the other souvenir I sent you in a very safe
place.  The importance of the two souvenirs will be made known to you when Frank
is ready for you to know."  It, like the first, was not signed.  She put it back
in her purse and drove home wondering just who the sender was and how this could
ever have any importance to her..

	She walked straight to her bedroom when she got home.  The envelope was
placed in the top drawer along with the first, the one containing a lock of
Beth's pubic hair.  After a quick dinner, she went to work on her next book
review.  It was the best way she knew to block things that bothered her out of
her mind.  She worked late, and didn't get to bed until after midnight.

	Saturday morning, Beth checked her vaginal area and was pleased to see that
the red spots had almost faded away.  She showered, ate breakfast, and continued
the work she had started last night. 

	At just before noon, she removed her clothes, put on her raincoat and
started for the door to go to Frank's house as he had told her.  Then she
stopped, and returned to her bedroom.  There she put the gold chain and a front
hook bra in her purse and headed back to the car.  She wondered why she needed
the bra, but was not concerned about it.

	She was invited into Frank's house and told to strip as had become the
routine.

	When she turned around, Frank noticed the chain was off the other nipple. 
"Are you still sure you don't want me to glue the ends of that chain back to
your nipples?" he asked.

	"Yes," was her immediate response.

	"Are you absolutely sure?" he questioned again.

	"Absolutely."

	He sat on the couch, and told her to let him examine her "cunt."

	As he felt of it, he said, "nice, very nice.  Did you bring the bra I told
you to bring?"

	She reached in her purse and handed it to him saying that she had.

	"Go get on my bed and get your cunt ready for me to fuck slut.  Remember
though, if it is not wet enough, I will fuck you in your ass hole."

	Beth said nothing, but went straight to his bedroom.  She laid back in his
bed and waited for him.  She had not intention of arousing herself to the point
of wetness, so she just waited.  The pain of anal sex was less than the
embarrassment of responding to him like the way she had done the last time.

	"Is you cunt wet?" he asked when he entered the bedroom.

	"No," was her only reply.

	Went to his bathroom and tossed her a tube of KY jelly.  "You know what to
do with this cunt, do it quickly so I can cum in your bowels."

	She put the jelly all around her rectum and on his erect penis, the rolled
over on her stomach to wait on the pain she knew was coming.

	Frank had not been surprised by her refusal to get herself wet, in fact he
sort of expected it.  He was going to make her wish she had not chosen as she
did as a lesson for her to remember.  He got between her legs and positioned the
head of his penis at the center of her rectum.  With one hard lunge, he drove it
all the way inside her as hard as he could.  He chuckled out loud at the yelp of
pain that came from her mouth, the brutally pounded his penis in and out of her
until he as last short his load into her bowels.  When he withdrew, he was
please at the spot of blood on the sheets between her legs.  Only then did he
realize that she had passed out.

	He got off thinking just how much easier this was going to make the next
part of her ordeal.  He did not even stop to clean the fecal matter and blood
off his penis, but picked her up and took her to the table in his workshop.
 	
	Inside the work shop, he laid her on his table, her feet together and her
arms along her sides.  Then he put a strap across her neck, one above her
breasts, another below her breasts, still another across her hips,  and a last
one across her knee caps.  Then he tightened them to hold her securely in place. 
Only then did he go to clean up, get dressed and make a phone call.

	When he returned to the workshop, he saw that Beth had awakened.  He said
nothing, but went to a large cabinet and returned carrying a roll of duct tape. 
She did not protest as he put three wide strips across her mouth and another
wide strip across her eyes.

	"I am going to be gone for a while.  I am going to Chicago to work on a
project with a friend.  I may not return for a couple of weeks or more, but I
will let you know when I want to use you again.  This will give you time to heal
also." 

	She then heard him leave and close the door to his workshop.  "To heal?" she
thought, "what does he mean by that."  But the pain in her rump seemed to
provide the answer to her question.

	He returned carrying two zip lock bags of ice.  He place one directly one
top of each of Beth's breasts, then left again.  At first the ice was very cold,
then numbness set in as time passed.

	She heard the door open, and a female voice, the one she had heard before
ask, "how long has the ice packs been on her nipples?"

	"Over 45 minutes," Frank answered.

	"Then she is ready.  Plug this in," the female said.

	"You told Frank that you did not want those rings glued to your nipples
again, so I am going to pierce them and put the rings through you nipple flesh
Beth,"  the woman told her.  As Beth bucked and strained against the straps
futility, she continued, "I will be using a heated needle so it will cauterize
the blood vessels as it goes through them.  You will not bleed, but they will be
very sore for several days.  It is going to hurt a little, but I don't give a
damn about your pain."

	"Why don't we give her the sedative now?" Frank asked.  "It will put her to
sleep."

	"No, you told me I didn't have to put her to sleep until I was ready, and I
want to her suffer as her nipples are pierced.  That was our deal."  The Susan
picked up the heated needle in her right hand, and grasped one of Beth's nipples
between her fingers of her other hand.  The needle slid easily through the
tender flesh making a hissing sound and creating a small wisp of smoke.  Just as
she did, Beth's body stiffened and shook.  Then without hesitation, the same was
done to her other nipple.

	"There, it is done,"  Susan pronounced.  "Now I will give her the sedative,
then you can attach the rings."   She reached into her purse and removed a
syringe.  The contents were placed into Beth's arm, and Susan said, "it will be
just a moment before she is out."

	Beth's brain was too preoccupied with the pain in her freshly pierced
nipples to feel the needle placed into a vein in her arm.  But she was aware
that she was loosing consciousness, then it all went blank for her.

	Frank took his time soldering the 1/2 inch gold rings in place on Beth's
nipples.  He want to be sure it was a strong weld that would not come apart. 
Once that was done, the two of them untied Beth and put her bra on.  The used
several sheets of tissue to line the cups to catch the small amount of blood.

	Then the two of them loaded her into Frank's car, and drove over to Beth's
house.  Inside her garage, they got out  and took her inside.  Susan left a note
for Beth as well as some antiseptic, and they left her still under the influence
of the sedative.

	It was about midnight when the sedative wore off and Beth started awakening. 
Her first realization was of the sharp throbbing pain in her nipples.  Then she
became aware that she was no longer tied to the table because her arms were
free.  She open her eyes to find, much to her surprise, that she was in her own
bed in her own house.  She called out, "Dr. Benson?"  There was no answer.  She
realized that she was alone.

	Her hand went instinctively to her breast as she remember what had been done
to her body.  She withdrew it quickly because of the pain it caused.  She laid
still for nearly an hour crying softly to herself while the effects of the
sedative continued to wear off.  At last, she painfully struggled to her feet,
and shakily made it to her bathroom.  She peed, then stood if front of her
mirror.

	Standing in front of the mirror, Beth carefully unhooked the front of her
bra.  What she saw caused her to gasp.  In each red, swollen, distended nipple
was a small gold ring.  The rings ran directly though her nipples.  Her body now
had been permanently damaged and rage filled her thoughts.

	She went to the phone to call Dr. Benson to tell him that this had gone too
far, and that she was finished with his blackmail.  She was madder than she had
ever been in her entire life.  There was a note stuck to the telephone, it read,
"don't waste your time trying to call, my flight left at 6:00 pm earlier this
evening, and I will not return for a while.  Take care and heal, I'll let you
know when I get back."  It was not signed, but she knew it was Frank's
handwriting.  Beth called any way, and found there was no answer.

	On her vanity, she found a large bottle of antiseptic, with a typewritten
note telling her to use it on her nipples often to avoid an infection setting
in.  Then Beth returned to her bed and cried herself back to sleep.

END OF CHAPTER EIGHT




CHAPTER EIGHT

	
	It was after 10:00 Sunday morning when Beth awoke from her deep sleep.  The
soreness in her breasts confirmed that she had not had a nightmare, it had all
been real, real as hell.  She got up and went to the bathroom.

	In front of her mirror, she examined her still red and swollen nipples.  She
carefully looked at the rings to see if they could be removed by some kind of a
release or something like that.  She was surprised to see they were solid, all
the way around.  She stood there looking at them and her body with its hairless
vagina.  She noticed the  gold chain around her neck with the word "slut" had
been removed, but now that seemed like a very minor thing  The sight of her own
body repulsed her, so she put on her bathrobe, and went about fixing breakfast.

	It was about 2:00 when, fully dressed, she drove to Frank's house to see if
he was home, or if he had really left town.  There was no answer at his door, so
she drove back home.

	During the next week, the soreness and swelling in her breasts went away. 
She was glad the rings in her nipples were small enough that they did not show
through her clothes.  Slowly she became accustomed to them and went about her
duties at the library.

	As the week progress, her mood improved, and soon she was working with the
enjoyment she had always had.  Her trips to the newspaper to turn in book
reviews or get rewrite notes were uneventful.  She wondered if Frank had
actually moved,  or just when he would return.  She hoped with all her will that
he was gone forever.

	By the end of the second week, Beth was surprised that her pubic hair had
shown little evidence of growing back.  That is except for one small dime sized
spot centered near the top of where her hairline had been.  That tiny spot
seemed to be trying to start some hair growth, so her concluded the rest would
likewise soon follow.

	The third week passed without contact from Frank, and there were no notes
from the woman whose identity was unknown.  It was as if things were really
over.  The only reminders were her nipple rings and her still hairless vagina.

	That Sunday, at the end of the third week, Beth sat on her bed nude.  She
took a make up mirror, and using the magnifying side of it looked for signs that
her pubic hair was returning.  The dime sized spot now had hairs, only a couple
dozen, but they were now over 1/2 inch long.  Yet the rest of her vaginal area
showed no sings of hair growth.  Beth's concern grew, but she still expected to
see her hair returning any time now.  Her nipples had completely healed by now
and there was no trace of the soreness that had lingered for so long, but she
was increasingly concerned about her pubic hair.

	The next Wednesday, when she went to the newspaper to check her message box,
Beth found an envelope, sealed and with her name typed on the front.  She
suspected it was from the unknown lady, so rather than open it, she just placed
it in her purse, and went back to her car and drove home.  She thought it was
going to be telling her that Frank was back in town, and she did not want to
read the bad news in public.

	She went into her house and straight to her kitchen.  She mixed a large
tumbler of gin and tonic and returned to her den.  She sat down and drank
several long drinks of the gin.  Only then did she open the envelope with her
trembling hands.  Inside was another typewritten note.  It read, "I bet your
sweet pussy looks funny with just a small spot of hair above it.  Remember how
the first few hairs I removed hurt, and how the rest were removed with what felt
like a light sting?  Guess where they were pulled out by tweezers and which ones
were removed permanently by electrolysis?" 

	The contents of the note hit Beth like a ton of bricks.  Her eyes filled
with tears and disbelief.  She quickly undressed and again examined herself with
the magnifying mirror.  It was true, there was no hair growth anywhere but for
the small spot, and there the hair was close to an inch long.  She buried her
face in a pillow and cried for nearly an hour.  Her body had been ruined by
these people and she could not change what they had done.  Even if she were to
be free of Frank and this woman, her body would never ever look the same.

	After she had cried herself out, she returned to the den and her glass of
gin.  She drank it, then another and another.  She drank until she actually
passed out. 

	Beth was late to work the next morning and had a bad headache from all the
gin she had consumed.  But she made it through they day.  The week passed
slowly, but at last the weekend arrived.  She had spent time in her library
researching hair removal by electrolysis, and found it was indeed permanent. 

	Frank had now been gone four weeks and Beth had ceased driving by his house
to see if he had returned.  She hoped that he was gone for good, and resigned
her self to the permanent  removal of her pubic hair.  She had decided to go to
a doctor and simply tell him that she had changed her mind about having nipple
rings, and to get him to remove them for her.  The only thing that kept her from
doing it was the embarrassment of being seen with them, even by a doctor, but it
was something she was definitely going to do in the near future.

	She stopped by the newspaper on her lunch hour Monday to turn in the book
reviews she had done over the weekend.  In her message box was a memo from the
Society Page editor, Susan Wright.  The handwritten message said, "I am
considering doing a feature length article about our city's library in the near
future.  I would like your insight in this area.  Please call my secretary and
let her know when a convenient time would be for us to meet on the subject."

	Beth  was thrilled at such a chance.  The library was about to start a fund
raising campaign and this would be great publicity.  She called the main office
and talked with the Director of Branch Libraries, her boss.  She told him of the
message and asked for time off during work hours to meet with Ms. Wright.  Her
boss told her that she should take what ever time was needed, and that he agreed
how fortunate the timing on such an article was coming just as they were
starting the fund raiser.

	As soon as she hung up, she called the newspaper and asked for Ms. Wright's
office.  Her secretary answered, and Beth identified herself.  An appointment
was made for Wednesday at 4:30 pm.  Beth hung up, then told her assistant about
the appointment and that she would not return to work since she normally got off
at 5:00 anyway.

	It was just after 4:00 when Beth rode the elevator to the top floor of the
newspaper building.  She went to Ms. Wright's office and identified herself to
the secretary explaining that she was early.  She sat in the reception area
until a few minutes after 4:30, when the secretary told her the Ms. Wirght had
been detained at another meeting, and they would have to reschedule the meeting. 
She apologized on behalf of Ms. Wright, saying that she was awfully busy.

	As they walked back past the secretary's desk, she handed a large envelope
to Beth.  "Ms. Wright was afraid this might happen, and she ask me to give you
this if she was unable to make the appointment.  She ask me to tell you that she
would like for you to review the material, and give your opinion of it for her
feature article."

	Beth assured her that she would do just that, and that she would call for
another appointment tomorrow.  She tucked the envelope under her arm and went
back to her car.  It was too late to make sense for her to return to her branch
library, so she drove on home.

	She fixed herself a sandwich and ate, the changed into her old sweats.  Beth
got a glass of wine and sat at her desk ready to review the information Ms.
Wright had assembled.  Inside the envelope, she found many articles the
newspaper had done about the library and its personnel, including herself, over
the past few years.  There was also a couple of article outlines for her to look
over.  One was about the tenure of the head librarian and his retirement plans
in the near future.  Beth's name was on a list of five expected to replace him,
and there was a little about each person on the list.  The other was an outline
about the history of the library which Beth found interesting but dull.

	There was a handwritten note in the envelope, at the end of the other
material from Ms. Wright.  It said that she preferred the story about the head
librarian's nearing retirement, and that she would be very proud if one of the
newspaper's part-time staff were to be awarded that position.  In her note, she
added that being involved in the article could give her some public exposure
that would help her chances in getting his job.  She closed with saying she
looked forward to working with her.

	Beth was flattered, Susan Wright was in her late thirties, and known
throughout the city.  She had social contacts everywhere and was always in the
lime light.  She had lost her husband about four years ago and was incredibly
wealthy now, and she was a major contributor to all of the local political
candidates.  Her support would almost guarantee her succeeding as the new head
librarian, even though she was a least ten years younger than the others being
mentioned as possible replacements. 

	Beth went back through all the material about the first article again.  She
noticed that there was a personal biography about the other four, but not for
her.  She assumed it was because they had all been with the library for much
longer than she had been.	She made a mental note to mention that to Ms. Wright
when they met.

	Beth was about to call Ms. Wright's secretary the next morning to schedule a
new appointment when the phone at her desk rang.  It was her secretary, she
said, "Ms. Wright asked me to call you and tell you that she needs to meet with
you this evening.  She said something urgent has come up and it is of vital
importance to you.  She would like for you to join her for dinner at her home
this evening at 7:00.  Can you make it?"

	Beth was taken aback by what she heard.  What had come up she wondered, but
she stammered out that she would be there.  The secretary gave her Ms. Wright's
address, and said good-bye.  Beth was worried about this meeting with Ms.
Wright, and was distracted in her thoughts for the rest of the day.  The thought
of Frank and what he knew flashed through her mind, but she was sure he had not
sent it to anyone because she had done all he had required.  "No," she thought,
"it must be something else."




CHAPTER NINE


	Beth left home in time to be sure she was punctual.  She had put on her
nicest looking dress and tried to make her hair as attractive as possible.  She
wanted desperately to make a favorable impression on this woman.  She drove up
to the large house, parked, the paused long enough to check her make up in the
mirror.

	The door was answered by Ms. Wright's maid.  She told Beth to follow her to
the study, which Beth did.  She had never been in such a magnificent home
before.  She marveled at is richness and splendor as she follow the maid down
the hall.  The maid opened the door, and told Beth to wait and make herself
comfortable.  She said that Ms. Wright would be with her soon.  She added that
there were sandwiches and drinks on the coffee table and the she should go ahead
and eat for Ms. Wright had already eaten.

	Beth was more than just a little surprised hearing that.  She thought they
were going to eat together, but went ahead and nibbled on a couple of sandwiches
and poured herself some wine to go with them.  She had been there for over half
an hour when the door opened and Susan Wright walked it.  She was tall,
extremely attractive and had jet black hair that hung past her shoulders.  She
was wearing a long floor length dressing gown that buttoned up the front.  Yet,
it seemed very elegant on her.

	She sat in a large leather chair across from Beth and smiled.  "How are
those lovely nipples of yours?" she asked.

	Beth immediately recognized the voice, it was the woman she had never seen
but who had been with Frank.  The woman who had removed her pubic hair and
pierced her nipples.  "You?" was all Beth could manage to say.

	"Yes, I am the one," she said smiling.  "Just keep quiet and listen, I will
let you talk when I am finished."

	Beth was totally speechless anyway.  She had not ever suspected that woman
had been Susan Wright.  She just nodded her head "ok."

	"First of all, Frank asked me to tell you he will be back soon , and that he
is looking forward to using your body some more when he gets here.  "You have
read the outline of the article I plan to write, and you know what effect it
will have on your career.  I can guess that you are also aware of the effect the
information that Frank has gathered on you will have on not only your career,
but your personal reputation as well.  Which article I write depends entirely on
you. Do you understand me?"

	Beth nodded "yes."  She was still to shocked to say a word.

	"Good," Susan said.  "You will do exactly as I say at all times, you will
never contradict me, and you will never refuse any request I make.  If you
please me, your secret is safe and you will become the next head librarian in
this city.  If you displease me, well you already know what will happen.  Now
have you ever had sex with another woman?"

	Beth's eyes had filled with tears as Susan spoke, now the tears were running
down her cheeks.  She was still unable to speak, and just sat as if in a trance.

	"Answer me bitch, or get out of my god damn house!" Susan snapped in an
angry tone of voice standing as she spoke.

	"No," Beth whimpered as tears continued streaming down her cheeks.

	"Now think about your answer to my next question and what will happen if you
displease me, she said.  After a long pause, she asked, "do you want to have sex
with me?"

	Again Beth did not speak, but she managed to nod her head "yes."

	"That  was an excellent and wise decision on your part.  At times you may
doubt that wisdom, but your other option is one that would destroy you.  Now,
stand up and take off all of your clothes."

	Beth stood slowly, she wanted to refuse and just return to her home, but she
knew that was no a choice she could make.  She unzipped the back of her dress
and pulled it over her head.  She hesitated for a moment.

	"Now bitch! Be quick about it or I will get angry, and you already know I
like hurting people," Susan snapped.

	Beth removed her shoes, then her panty hose and placed them by her dress. 
Her bra and panties came off last.  She felt faint and flushed as she watch
Susan examine her ripples and her hairless vagina. "Ow!" Beth exclaimed when
Susan tugged on the dime sized area of pubic hair she still had.

	"Well, it is time for that to go, it looks rather silly.  Lay back on the
couch, it will just take a few minutes my pet.

	As Beth laid on the couch, she felt the light stings of the electrolysis
machine remove the remaining hairs.  While Susan was doing this is said that she
hope Beth had kept the hair she had left in the envelope because she would never
have any "pussy " hair again.  The process of removing the final hairs took
about 30 minutes.  She laughed and said, "there you hairless bitch.  How does it
feel to know that you will live the rest of your live with the shame of having
no pubic hair?"

	Beth did not answer, none was necessary.  She had already thought about just
that.  If she were to escape from their clutches, and she was going to somehow,
she could have the rings in her nipples removed and the holes in them would
eventually close.  Her pubic hair was another matter, it would never grow back
and would serve as a constant reminder of what she had been put through at their
hands.

	Beth felt Susan's fingers lightly squeezing her nipples.  "Are they sore
pet?" she was asked.

	"They were, but no longer," Beth answered.

	 The telephone on her desk in the study rang.  "Damn," she muttered, "I told
staff not to interrupt me."  It rang again, and this time she picked it up. 
Beth watch as Susan listened, the hung up.  She turned to Beth and said, "get
dressed, you must leave now, but be here, dressed casually,  tomorrow afternoon
at 5:30.  You will just have to wait until then to get your fist taste of pussy
my pet.  Something has come up.  Staff will show you out when you are dressed." 
With that, Susan left the room closing the door behind her.

	Beth got dressed as quickly as she could and opened the door of the room to
find the maid just standing there as if waiting on her.  She followed her back
to the front door and left saying nothing.  She drove quickly home and went
inside.  After mixing a glass of gin and tonic, she relaxed on her couch.

	"They don't know everything at least," she thought to herself.  Beth had
lied to Susan about ever having had sex with another female, and she had gotten
away with it.  Her first job, one at a suburb library, had been under the
supervision of a woman who was openly lesbian.  She and Beth had become good
friends during the few months that she worked there, and had become occasional
lovers as well. She smiled warmly remembering the close, softness of that
relationship.

END OF CHAPTER NINE




CHAPTER TEN


Beth was, in some ways, actually looking forward to the special closeness of a
sexual encounter with another woman.  Susan was indeed attractive, and the fact
that she could help advance Beth's career was an added incentive.  She was
dressed in slacks and a bulky cotton sweater, with panties and a bra, but no
pantyhose, as she went to her car Saturday afternoon.

The drive to Susan's house was pleasant, and Beth was fairly relaxed as she
turned into the long drive that led to her house.  She parked, and went to the
door.	The maid answered the bell, and asked Beth to follow her.  Again, she
was led to the study, and told to wait, that Ms. Wright would be with her
shortly.  Beth sat on one of the large leather chairs and waited.

"First things first my pet," Susan said as she entered the room dressed in a
long  flowing robe.  She parted the robe as she walked past Beth and sat on the
couch.  Beth looked at her, and her exquisite nude body.  It was absolutely
perfect in every respect, from her pear shaped breasts, to her neatly trimmed
pubic hair barely covering her vagina, to her long and graceful legs. Susan laid
on her back on the couch with one foot on the floor and the other leg over the
rear of the couch, obscenely displaying her vagina.  "Eat my pussy, pet," she
said as she closed her eyes and waited.

Beth started to pull her sweater over her head, but Susan snapped, "that is not
what I told you to do, now eat my pussy and do the best you can at making me
happy or there will be hell to pay bitch!"

This was not starting at all like Beth had envisioned, but she pulled the
sweater back down.  She moved to the couch and knelt, her knees on the floor and
her face just above Susan's vagina.  She was leaning over, as Susan said, "if
you really do good, pet, I will let you wear some clothes tonight when we
entertain my guests, otherwise it will just be your naked pussy and ripple
rings."

Beth heard that, and felt a cold chill running down her spine.  She already knew
that Susan was not kidding, or at least she knew enough not to take that chance. 
She was glad that this was something she had done before and had enjoyed, but
under much more favorable circumstances.

Beth licked, sucked and used her tongue to probe every inch of Susan's vagina. 
She brought her to three orgasms in less than 30 minutes, and was still going
hard  even though her mouth and tongue were tiring, when Susan said, "enough
pet, you will wear clothing tonight."

"You are a good little pussy eater."  She sat up, then added, "are you sure you
have never done that before?"

"No, that was the first time for me," lied Beth, not wanting this woman to know
any more about her than she and Frank already did.

"The maid will take you to your dressing room and show you what to wear.  If you
protest, I will beat the shit out of you and you will be buck ass naked tonight,
do you understand me, pet?"  Without waiting on an answer, she got up and left
Beth still on her knees.

The maid came in as soon as she had left and told Beth to follow her. Once
again, Beth followed the maid.  This time she was led to a bedroom.  Motioning
to the bed, the maid said, "this is what Ms. Wright has selected for you to
wear.  She said for me to caution you that you are to wear nothing but what is
on the bed, not even your panties and bra."  Then she abruptly left the room
closing the door behind her.

On the bed was a simple white cotton dress with a moderately scooped neckline. 
It was about knee length and looked like something Beth would buy for herself. 
Beside it was a pair of white, low heel sandals.  Even though Beth knew she
would not be wearing bra nor panties under this dress, its modest appearance
made her feel better.  At least she would look decent and presentable for
Susan's guests.

Just as she was finishing getting dressed, the maid returned and told her to
follow her to the den.  In the den, Beth found that Susan had also dressed in
casual clothing and was sitting on the couch talking to an oriental looking
lady.

"Hi pet," Susan said as Beth walked into the room.  "This is Dr. Li Cho, a very
special friend of mine."  Her tone of voice left little doubt in Beth's mind
just what she had meant by "special friend."  The lady stood and walked over to
Beth.

Beth watched as she was examined by the oriental woman.  She was taken aback at
how strong and muscular the woman appeared even though she was neither big nor
tall. 

"So this is Frank's little toy?"  Li asked.

"Yes, isn't she wonderful.  She ate her first pussy  just before you came, and
she is pretty damn good at it.  I can't wait until she has some experience."  
Susan looked at Beth and said, "lift you dress pet and show Li your wonderful
little bald cunny."

Beth was shocked at what Susan had just said.  She responded, "you are kidding. 
You can't possibly expect me to do that."  She stood and stared at Susan in
total disbelief.

"She has a long way to go, doesn't she?" asked Li.

"Yes, and it is going to be most enjoyable dearest Li, most enjoyable indeed." 
Turning back to Beth, she said again, "lift your dress pet so Li can see your
naked cunny."

Again Beth just stood and stared at her.

"I will deal with you insolence after my meeting," she snapped at Beth.  "Li,
perhaps you would like to assist me in teaching this piece of shit some
manners?"

"I would love to Susan, but Mary and I are going to enjoy some time together
after your meeting,"  Li said.

"Why don't you invite Mary to join us?  Do you think she would be interested?"

"Yes, I am certain of it.  I will ask her as soon as she gets here," said Li
grinning broadly.

The two women left Beth still standing in a near state of shock.  She heard the
distinctive "click" of the door being locked as they left.  Beth walked to the
door and confirmed that she had just been locked in the den in Susan's house. 
She sat in one of the large chairs shivering at the thought of what was going to
happen to her.  "How have I so completely lost control of my life?" she thought
as tears began flowing freely down her cheeks.

Beth remained in the den while Susan conducted a meeting of the social committee
of the Arts Council for San Francisco just doors away from where she sat in
fear.  It was over two hours later that the meeting ended.  Susan walked into
the den and said, "so now it is time for you to learn to obey me bitch.  It is
going to be a lesson you need to never forget."  As she finished, Li and Mary
walked in.

"Beth?"  Mary said.

Beth looked up to see Mary Owens, the branch librarian with whom she had been
involved some time ago following Li into Susan's den.  She did not respond.

"Beth, it is you.  How delightful to see you again," Mary said.

"You two know each other?" asked Susan.

Mary giggled, and said, "we were extremely good friends just after she started
to work in the library system," she paused, giggled again and added, "if you
know what I mean."

"So, you piece of shit, not only have you failed to obey me, but you have lied
to me as well," Susan snapped.

"What did she lie about?" asked Li.

"The bitch told me that my pussy was her first to taste."

"Beth, how could you?  We had many, many fun times together," asked Mary.

Susan, teeming with anger, said, "Li, perhaps you will not want Mary to see
this.  I am going to punish her severely."

"Please Li, let me stay.  She broke up with me without even as much as a
'good-bye.'  Please let me stay," pleaded Mary.

"What are you going to do to her?" asked Li.

"I really just don't know.  I promised Frank that I would not leave any marks on
her body.  Otherwise, I would whip the skin off her back."

"Please, please, don't hurt me," begged Beth as she fell to her knees
whimpering.

Susan, filled with rage, kicked her in the side of her head so hard that Beth
was knocked unconscious and fell face down on to the floor.

When Beth regained consciousness, she found herself laying on her stomach.  She
had a large ball gag in her mouth that was fastened tightly around her head. 
She tried to moved, but discovered that she was secured, spread eagle and face
down on some sort of a low bench.  She looked around within her vision to see
that she was in what appeared to be a well equipped gym.  She was alone, nude,
and cold.

She saw Susan and Li come into view.  "Welcome to hell," growled Susan.  "Li,
since you came up with the method of punishment, why don't you explain to this
piece of shit just what is going to happen to her."

"I would be delighted, it is just too bad that Mary did not have the stomach for
this."  She paused, then continued, "we are going to very carefully and
systematically bruise all the major muscles in your body."

Upon hearing what Li said, Beth bucked and strained against the bonds holding
her in place.  Her eyes widened in sheer panic as she realized the severity of
the way she was held in place and unable to move.  Her struggles were met by
laughter from the other two women.

"Go on Li, tell her, explain it to her like you did Mary and me.  I want her to
know just what is going to happen.  I want her to realize that it will happen
again if she ever lies or refuses to obey me again," Susan said.

Li held a rolling pin in front of Beth.  "This is what we are going to use, but
we are not going to hit you with it, that would leave bruises, and Frank would
be mad at us.  No honey, we are going to use it by rolling it over your legs,
arms, back, and shoulders.  We will start with moderate pressure at first, then
heavier pressure.  Every cell in you muscles will be forced against the others
over and over.  You will be deeply, very deeply bruised and the will be not a
single mark on your body.  It is a trick my Korean ancestors used to get
information from prisoners, and you will find it very effective."

Beth continued to fight to get loose, but was losing her strength and making no
progress in freeing herself.

"We each have a rolling pin, and we are going to start by working on you calf
muscles, then we will get your hamstring muscles, and work our way up your back
and shoulders, then out your arms.  Next, we will turn you over and work on you
front side.  If you are a good girl, we will not bruised you breasts, something
you should thank us for because that would take even longer to heal.  Now relax
and enjoy yourself,"  she concluded.


"Wait," Susan said, "you have forgotten something.  You did not mention the pain
killer you have in your medical bag."

Laughing, Li said, "thanks hon.  Yes, I am going to give you a strong pain
killer so you will not feel the pain and pass out on us.  You will however be
able to feel what is happening to your body, there just will be no pain until it
wears off."

Beth watched as Li prepared the syringe.  She felt the cold of the alcohol swab
on her arm, then the prick of the needle.  Soon there was almost a narcotic haze
that felt like was covering her brain.

She felt the two rolling pins, one on the calf muscle of each leg, as the rolled
from her ankle to the back of her knee.  She heard Li telling Susan to vary the
angle of the rolling pin as it moved back and forth so as to get the entire
muscle involved.  Even though she felt no pain, Beth could tell that they were
using most of their body weight behind every movement of the rolling pins.

"Do you feel it Beth?" asked Li.  "Do you feel the sinews, the tendons, the very
fiber of your muscles being stretched and crushed.  Isn't it the most unusual
thing you have ever experienced?"

She heard them laughing and talking as they moved to the back of her thighs, and
started the same process on her hamstring muscles.  Beth heard them as they
decided that it might be best if this time they limit their damage to just her
arms and legs.  She learned the Frank was due in town Friday, and they wanted
her to be able to please him when he got here.

Then they moved to her arms and continued.  She heard Susan tell Li what good
exercise this was for them and heard them laugh at the joke as they continued. 
At last Susan and Li stopped.  "Time to turn her over," Li explained.

"What if we have a hard time getting her to lay back down?" Susan asked.

"We have done enough damage to her leg and arm muscles that, pain killer or not,
they will not support her body.  She will give us no trouble I promise."

Although Beth felt them unstrap her from the table, she was able to put up only
the weakest opposition, and was soon fastened just as securely as before, this
time on her back.  She watched them as they worked first on her legs again, the
her arms.  At last, Li proclaimed, "we have been at this for two hours, I think
she will long remember this, and us ," she added with a laugh.

"Now we have to get her home, will you help me?" asked Susan.

"Oh yes, I don't want to miss the surprise you have planned for her, not one
bit.  In fact, I want to join in if it is okay with you," was Li's response.

They carried Beth's limp body to her car, and put her in the back seat.  Li
drove it while Susan followed in her own car.  Soon they were pulling into
Beth's garage.  They took her into her bathroom and put her in the sunken tub. 
Susan stood back and smiled.  "Doesn't she look lovely just laying there?"

"Yes, lovely indeed.  I bet it will be this time tomorrow, at least, before she
can get out of it," Li said gesturing toward the tub.  "By that time she ought
to be rank as hell."

Laughing, Susan said, "yes, that is a fact.  Now you want me to pee on her first
or do you want to be the first?"

"You go first, after all, it was your idea.  But don't forget to close the
drain," replied Li.

"How much longer will the pain killer keep her from enjoying what we have done?"

"Lets see, it is now just after mid night.......I'd say she ought to be coming
out of it real soon," answered Li.

Beth already was in fact feeling the first onset of the pain from the damage
that had been done to her muscles, but she did not move for fear of irritating
her tormentors.  She knew what they were going to do, and she simply no longer
cared.  She watched as Susan reached under her skirt and removed her panties. 
She laid motionless as she stood above her body with one leg on each side of the
tub.  The warm golden stream of Susan's urine splashed down onto Beth's chest
covering her breasts and running down between her own legs.  Next, Li got over
her.  Li's urine splashed on to Beth's face and into her hair and eyes.

The two women left laughing as they closed the bathroom door.  Beth at last
allowed herself to cry.  She shook uncontrollable as she sobbed.  She tried to
raise up to turn on the shower an rinse her urine covered body off.  The shock
of intense pain consumed her, and she fell back against the hard tub still
crying.   She cried until she fell into a deep sleep.

Beth's first awareness the next day was a throbbing from her entire body.  Her
eyes were shocked open by that pain and the stench of the two women's urine in
the tub and all over her body.  Her next awareness was her own need to use the
bathroom, both to urinate and to defecate.  She struggled with the pain that
racked her body as she tried over and over to get out of the fowl smelling tub. 
It was not use.  Her muscles had been so damaged that there was little strength
in them, and the pain almost was causing her to faint during each try to get out
of the tub.

Beth again broke into heavy sobbing as the pressure in her bladder forced her to
relieve herself, adding to the day old urine of Li and Susan.  The pressure
growing in her bowels was just as intense.  Although Beth fought against her own
body, she lost, and was now sitting in and on her own body wastes. 

The time passed as she tried from time to time to get out of the tub.  She
alternated between the pain in her muscles as she tried, to a fitful sleep.  She
had lost all track of time and now had no idea whether it was day or night.

She was becoming weak from hunger and dehydration as she continued to struggle
to get out of the tub.  At last she managed.  Although she could not stand, she
could crawl.  She crawled to the commode and drank from it to quench her thirst. 
She rested for a long time, then crawled back to the tub, opened the drain, and
got in.  She sat and let the warm shower pelt her battered body until the hot
water started turning cold.  She turned the water off, and slumped back in the
tub and gathered her strength.

It was over an hour later before Beth again managed to crawl out of the tub. 
Every muscle in her body felt as if it was on fire as she slowly crawled to her
bedroom.  It was daylight, and the clock radio on her night stand indicated it
was 9:15 am, but She did not know what day it was.  She managed to dial her
office number.  Her assistant answered.

"This is Beth," she said, "I am suffering from a bad case of the flu, I am sick. 
I will not be in for a couple of days.  Please notify Admin that I am taking
some sick leave for me."

"I am sorry to hear that Ms Williams.  Are you eyes scratchy and your muscles
sore," was the response.

"Yes, very sore."  She paused, then asked, "is today Monday?"

"Yes, and I hope you feel better soon."

"Thank you.  Good bye."  Beth hung up the telephone and collapsed of the floor,
unable to get on her bed.

It was late afternoon when Beth awoke again.  This time she felt a driving need
for something to eat and she was still very dehydrated.  She crawled to her
kitchen and managed to get the refrigerator door open.  She ate some fruit and
raw vegetables, but that was all she could reach from the floor.  Unable to
reach to the higher shelves or to the sink, she could get nothing to drink. 
Once again she crawled to the bathroom and drank from the toilet.  The smell of
what had been in the tub still hung heavy in there, so she crawled back to her
bedroom.  She struggled until she got on to the bed and fell asleep.

It was after 1:00 am when she woke next.  She managed to get to her feet, and
using furniture to steady herself, went to the kitchen again.  The pain of
walking caused tears to stream down her cheeks as she moved.  For the first time
she saw the blinking light on her answering machine.  She pushed the button to
hear her massages.

"Slut," she heard Frank's voice say, "I want you at my place at 7:30 Friday
evening, and I do not want you to shave your legs or armpits again until I say
it is permissible.  Slut, you are fully aware of the consequences should you
fail to be there on time."  There was nothing more.

END OF CHAPTER TEN




CHAPTER ELEVEN



The week had passed slowly for Beth as she recovered from the damage Susan and
Li had done to her body.  Friday, still sore but able to walk without showing
discomfort, she went to work for the first time since coming down with the
"flu."  Being back at work did wonders for her spirits even though it felt
strange to be wearing slacks at the library.  However she had little other
choice because the dark stubble on her legs would have been visible even through
her darkest hose.

When she got home, she removed her clothing, took a shower in her now spotless
tub, and relaxed with a glass of white wine.  She dreaded having to go to
Frank's house this evening, but it was something she had no choice in doing. 
When he first left, she had hoped he would be gone from her life forever, now he
was back and had control of her again.  She sat, sipped wine, and watched as the
time neared for her to dress and drive over to his house.

Frank looked at the time, it was just barely 7:00, so he mixed himself a drink. 
It had been over a month since he was last with Beth, and he had missed her more
than he would have guessed.  He just hoped he could keep his happiness at seeing
her again from showing when she arrived.  It was too soon for Beth to know that
he was really growing to care a great deal about her. He heard her car drive up,
a car door slam, then his door bell ring.

"Come in slut," he said as he opened the door, hiding his pleasure at seeing
her.

"Strip," he told her.

He watched as she undressed, placing her neatly folded clothes on the back of
the chair.  "Come over her to me, I want to see your hairless cunt."

She stood in front of him as he ran his hand over her bald pubic area.  She felt
him feeling of the week old stubble of hair on her legs.  Her humiliation was
manifesting itself as body tremors as he continued his inspection.

"Is you cunt wet enough for me to fuck?" he asked.

"Not yet," was her answer.

"Go to my bedroom and get it ready for me slut.  I want to fuck you before I go
out on my date this evening."

Beth walked to his bedroom unaware the he was following her.  She went directly
to his bed and turned to get on it when she saw him standing in the door.  "I
have not had time yet," she paused, then added, "sir."

"Well go on and get your cunt sloppy and wet for my cock then," he said smiling.

"Aren't you  going to leave?" she asked.

"No, I think I will just watch my slut get her cunt ready for me.  Unless you
had rather I butt fuck you."

Her hands moved slowly to her vagina.  No man had ever seen her do this, it was
a very private thing.  She felt her body glowing crimson red in shame.  She was
still trying to force her hands to her vagina when Frank said, "roll over slut. 
I will use your ass hole for my pleasure."

"No, wait, I will do it," pleaded Beth.

"No slut, you took too long, roll over.....NOW!"

Beth was already crying by the time she buried her face in the pillow and felt
his hand applying the KY jelly to her rectum.  Her sobbing was ceased
momentarily by a gasp of pain as he shoved the entire length of his penis inside
her bowels in one quick movement.  He pumped brutally hard and was spent in just
a few minutes.  When he returned from the bathroom he went to the front of his
house leaving Beth to clean up.

Frank looked up when she entered his den, "did you learn anything from that
slut?"

"Yes sir," was her meek reply.

"Good, now see that you don't forget it.  You may leave now, and be back here
tomorrow at noon, and with you legs shaved."

"What about under my arms?" she asked.

"No, leave the hair there to remind you that your body belongs to me.  Now get
out slut," he said sternly.

He smiled as she turned, got dressed and left without saying another word.  He
went to his desk, took out his journal and made notes in it for a while.  He was
pleased that his month long absence had not delayed her progress any at all.

As soon as Beth awoke Saturday morning, she felt that she was not alone in her
bedroom.  She opened her eyes you see Frank standing at the foot of her bed in a
t-shirt and jogging shorts. 

"Good morning slut," he said grinning.  "Is your cunt wet enough to please my
cock?" he asked as he pulled the sheet off Beth's nude body.

"Just give me a few minutes sir," Beth said almost crying.  Her rear had hurt so
much last night that she had trouble getting to sleep.  She did not want that
again, not at all.  Both of her hands went quickly to her vaginal area and
started working on arousal.  He watched as she masturbated herself in front of
him.

"That is good, slut.  You learn quickly.  I don't have time to fuck your cunt
now, I'll see you at noon."  He then turned and left the room.  Beth heard the
front door close before she realized she was still masturbating herself.  She
did not stop, but continued until she had reached a strong, toe curling climax. 
Then she rolled over and went back to sleep.

Saturday found Frank and Susan sitting in his den.  He sipped his scotch and
water, and looked across the coffee table to where Susan was sitting, drinking a
glass of wine.  "Yes I do, I feel confident of it, but  I had rather not use
force if we don't need to."

"It is a big step for her, going from sexually serving just you to the two of us
at the same time," commented Susan.

Frank laughed and said, "you act like she has a choice in this Susan.  Besides,
there are going to be several challenges for her before the day is over."

"I know, but she is a sweet person, and I can't help but feel sorry for her at
times.  We both chose what we do sexually because we like it.  She never had a
chance to make the choice."

Frank took a long drink from his glass, "yes, but that was what I wanted, a
challenge.  We will find out soon enough, I think that was her car."

Moments later, the door bell rang.  Frank answered the door by yelling, "come on
in slut, it is unlocked."


"Why is she here?" Beth exclaimed as she walked into Franks den.

"Because she is my friend and I invited her, slut."   Frank stood up and walked
toward her acting as menacing as he possibly could.  "Unless you are prepared to
walk out of my house right now and accept the consequences,  you will strip, and
you will do it right fucking now slut!"

"But I don't want to be hurt by her again, please?" begged Beth.

"Now! Slut, now!"  Frank snapped loudly.

Susan added, "you have already seen how I deal with insolence my pet, and again
you are going to be punished for it.  The severity of your punishment is still
open however."

Beth knew she was defeated.  For a moment, just a moment, the idea of leaving
crossed her mind.  The thought of the scandal, her daughter who already disliked
her, and her reputation, the career she loved, it was all she had worked and
lived for.  Slowly her hands went to the buttons on her blouse, and soon it was
open.  She slipped it of her shoulders and placed it on the same chair she had
used before.  Soon she was totally nude, trembling and standing before these two
people who had managed to take all of her own free will and crush it.

"I like her hairy arm pits," chuckled Susan, "it is a nice touch, Frank."

"Get to my bedroom and get your cunt ready for my cock," commanded Frank.

Beth walked into Frank's bedroom and turned to lay down on his bed.  "What?"
exclaimed Beth as she saw that Frank and Susan had followed her into the
bedroom.

"Get your cunt good and sloppy for me or I will give you one hell of a butt
fucking," Frank said sternly.

She knew better than to protest, so she closed her eyes as if that act would
afford her at least some measure of privacy.  Her hands found her vaginal area
and started massaging, probing, and stroking.  She felt her dampness growing as
was her arousal.  She was determined that there was no way she would allow
herself any pleasure from this.  She stopped, and said, "it is ready."

Beth's eyes were tightly closed as she felt Frank insert his finger into her. 
"No, it is not sloppy nor wet enough.  Either roll over, or get it one hell of a
lot wetter."

Beth whimpered softly, then returned her hands to her vagina and continued.  She
felt she was losing control and was reaching and orgasm despite her promise not
to.

Susan and Frank stood it the bedroom door and watched as Beth masturbated. 
Frank nudged Susan and smiled as he saw her body spasm and near a climax.  Susan
returned the smile as Beth's spasms grew stronger.

Beth worked on herself, and knew she was just about to lose control of the
orgasm that was building up inside her loins.  She paused, "I am as wet as I can
get.  Is it wet enough yet?"

Frank probed with his finger again, and said that it would do.  He then told her
to get on her hands and knees, that he was going to fuck her like a male dog
fucks a bitch in heat.

Beth let a low gasp escape from her lips, that was the position where she
reached orgasm the easiest, but she assumed the position as he had directed. 
She felt his hands guide his penis in place, then the fullness as he gently
pushed it all the way inside her cavity. 

He paused, and said to Susan, "okay."

Susan got on the bed and spread her legs directly under Beth's face.  "You are
going to eat my pussy  pet while Frank fucks you."  As she said that, she forced
Beth's head between her legs as Frank started to erotically fondle her breasts
and begin the slow rocking motion of his penis into and out of her vagina. 
Beth's body shook almost immediately with a powerful orgasm, and she lost it,
lost all control.  She had her face buried in Susan's vagina licking for all she
was worth as Frank continued.  One after another orgasm racked her body.  At
last she felt Frank withdraw and saw Susan get off the bed. 

"Slut, you did an acceptable job, but next time it had better be better," he
said as the two of them left Beth in the bedroom.  Beth collapsed in shame and
humiliation and cried softly to herself. This was all wrong, and she hated it,
especially hated the fact the they knew she had experienced numerous orgasms.

"Slut, clean your filthy cunt and come to the den," she heard Frank yell.

She got off the bed and went to his bathroom and wiped herself.  In the den,
Frank and Susan were fully dressed  and drinking glasses of wine.

"Did you cum, slut?" Frank asked as she walked in the room.

"No," Beth replied knowing she was not telling the truth.

"In the guest bathroom you will find some clothing.  Put them on and return as
quickly as you can, we have a busy day, slut," Frank told her.

She went to the guest bath room as she was told.  In there, she found a pair of
jogging shoes, the briefest of running shorts, and a very tiny string bikini
top, nothing else.  It took her only a few minutes to put the items on, then she
returned to the den.

"Here, attach this to your nipple rings," Frank said s he handed her a small
gold chain about 10 inches long.

Beth did as he had instructed, but she wondered where Susan was.  She was not in
the den with Frank.

"Oh, I guess I forgot to tell, Susan had errands to run, as do we.  You will get
to eat her pussy some more
but not this evening."

Frank walked over to Beth and said,  "now hook this leash to the chain," as he
gave her a black leather dog leash that was about six feet long.  "Wait here, I
will be back as soon as I have changed clothes."

When he returned, he was wearing khaki slacks and a sport shirt.  "We are going
shopping slut."

"I can't go outside dressed like this," Beth protested. 

"Oh? Why not," asked Frank sarcastically.

"It is indecent, I am barely dressed.  Anyone who looks can see that I have
nipple rings.  My under arms need shaving, the shorts.................."

"Do you think I care?" interrupted Frank.  "You will come with me dressed as you
are because that is the way I want you dressed.  Or," he added as he grinned,
"you can come with me buck ass naked.  But you will accompany me, slut."  He
jerked on the leash to emphasize his point causing a sharp pain in her nipples
and her breasts to be pulled out of  the scrap of cloth that was the bikini top.

Beth's eyes  filled with tears as she knew that once again she had no choice
about this.  She followed as he led her by the leash to his car.  Beth was
thankful as they crossed the bridge into Oakland.  At least it would be
extremely unlikely that they would see anyone she knew.

They spent the afternoon going to various antique shops and walking around the
tourist section.  Beth felt like a piece of meat on display as he led her around
by the leash attached to the chain between her nipple rings.  She held her arms
close to her side to avoid showing her untidy under arm areas, and she was
careful to keep up with his as he shopped and enjoyed himself.  When at last
they drove back across the bridge to San Francisco, Beth's self esteem had
reached the lowest it had ever been in her life.  Not even when she had
prostituted herself for college money had she felt so low.

When they were back inside Frank's house, he told her to strip, and, like
always, she did as she was told.  She watched as he set up his "display stand." 
Then she stood above it as he raised the blunt tip.  He applied KY jelly, the
raised it up and into her vagina.  She felt the sharp pain as he caused it to
hit her cervix, then lowered it just a fraction.  "There," he said, "that will
keep you out of trouble while I get ready."  Then he left the room toward his
bedroom.

Beth spent only a slight amount of time trying to get off the device she was on. 
She had tried before and could not, this time was no different.  Beth was lost
in her own thoughts about her future and what would happen to end this
nightmare, when she heard the door bell.

Frank walked past her saying it was only a delivery for the party tonight.  She
noticed he was wearing a blue blazer, slacks and a white shirt.  He returned
with a young man, not over 20, following him carrying some sacks.  The boy
dropped one of the sacks as soon as his eyes saw Beth, naked and unable to move.

"That's okay," Frank said, "you didn't break anything," as the boy picked up the
things that had fallen from the sack.  He left, but had another good look as he
walked by her.

"You might as well get used to being looked at slut.  I am proud of everything I
own, and slut you are as much my property as is this TV set."

"Frank, this has gone to far.  Let me off this thing, and I mean for you to do
it right this instant.  I will call the police if you don't," demanded Beth.

Handing her his cordless telephone, he said, "just dial 911 slut."  There was no
look of compassion in his eyes as he stared at her.

She looked at the phone, then at Frank, then back at the phone.  "Here," she
said handing the phone back to him.

Laughing he said, "good decision slut.  You are learning fast, but you are going
to be punished before this weekend is over.  You seem to have forgotten that you
are to refer to me only as 'sir' and then there is your insolence and your lie
about not cumming.  Oh yes, you will be punished."

"How long do I have to stand here like this," she asked meekly.

"Until I am ready to let you off of it slut," was his response.

The afternoon passed slowly for Beth, and her legs were getting tired.  Frank
had spent the time straightening up his home.  It was obvious the he was
expecting guests.  Beth was horrified at the thought that he would just leave
her there during the party.

It was nearly 7:00, when he walked over to her.  He stood behind Beth and placed
handcuffs over her wrists, then he lowered the metal rod from her vagina.  He
attached  chains  to each nipple ring and led her to his workshop.  He opened
one of the cabinets and took out a box.  Inside the box was a chastity belt, one
that looked like was from an old movie.  He held it out, saying "step in this
slut."

Beth stepped in to what looked like a metal bikini bottom as he pulled it up. 
It was fastened around her waist, then a small padlock was attached to hold it
securely in place.  Then he led her to the bathroom adjoining the second
bedroom.  Beth watched as he fastened the chains from her nipples around the
lavatory.  He then  turned to leave.

"Wait............sir," pleaded Beth.  "Why am I here like this?  How long do I
have to stay here?"

He stopped, turned around and said, "I guess you have figured out that I am
having a little party tonight.  Actually it is more of a graduation party for my
honors class.  School ends next week and I always have the senior honor class
over for a little party each year.  I am going to put a sign on the door to one
bathroom that says "ladies" and on the other that says "men."  This will be the
men's bathroom."

"Here?  In here?  Where will I be?" asked Beth.

"Guess," he said laughing.

"But what if a guy needs to use the bathroom?" she asked.

"I would suggest that you simply let him do it."

"With me in here?"

"Can you get your self free?"  Without waiting for her answer, he added, "and
make sure you remember that these are my guests and the severity of your
punishment depends on how well you treat them."

"What do you mean by how I treat them?" she replied.

"I will leave that up to you, but I had better not hear that you have dishonored
me by failing to do as they ask."  With that he left her sitting on the floor in
the bathroom.

It was at least a couple of hours later that she heard the door bell ring and
people come into Frank's house.  It rang several more times and the sounds of
his party filled the home.  She looked up as the door opened and a young man of
about 23 walked it.

"Well, well, what do we have here?" he asked.  "That Dr. Benson is certainly
full of surprises.  Who are you?"

Beth said nothing, but just stared at the floor.

She heard him unzip his pants and than the sound of his urine splashing in the
toilet.  "Want to suck this?" she heard him ask.

She looked up to see his semi erect penis dangling directly in her face.  She
said nothing, and he left.

Moments later she saw Frank enter the bathroom.  "Slut, you have displeased me
already.  Remember what Dr. Cho and Susan did to you?  It can get much worse
than that if I hear just one more complaint."  He slammed the door as he left.

The door opened again and the same young man walked back in closing the door
behind him.  "I hear you have changed your mind," he said as he unzipped his
pants and offered her his limp penis.

Beth did not even look at him, but rose to her knees and took his penis in her
mouth and started sucking and bobbing her head back and forth.  Quickly, her
mouth was filled with his cum.  He zipped up his pants, said thanks, and left. 
For the next three hours Beth gave oral sex to everyone who came in to the
bathroom.  Some guys made second trips.  She figured she must have given oral
sex at least 15 times when the sounds of the party started dying down.  Her jaws
were sore as were her knees.  Her face was tear stained and she was in a severe
state of depression.

At last Frank came in to the bath room.  "Slut, it is time for you to go home."
he said as he unlocked the chain between her nipple rings and unlocked the
chastity belt and the handcuffs.  "Get dressed and leave, but be back here
tomorrow at 3:00."  He left her alone and closed the door.

Beth got to her feet, dressed and drove home, crying as she drove.  She took a
long hot shower, then a double dose of sleeping medication and went to bed.  Her
last thoughts as she drifted off to sleep were not of the degrading way she had
been used, but of the fact that she had avoided punishment and that was at least
sort of reassuring to her.

END OF CHAPTER ELEVEN




CHAPTER TWELVE


Sunday morning Beth woke up about 10:00.  There was a dull ache in her jaws that
served to remind her of the way she had been made to perform last night for the
pleasure of Frank's students.  She just laid there unable to even cry about the
ruined life she was now forced to live.  She was on the very verge of accepting
her fate, her spirits nearly broken, but she was not aware of the changes
happening in her mind, not yet at least.  She was still just laying there when
she heard her front door open.

"Get your cunt ready slut, I will be there in a minute," she heard Frank say.

Beth immediately rolled over on her back and started arousing herself as quickly
as she could.  She was still busily working on herself when Frank entered the
room with another man just behind him.  She grabbed for the sheet to pull it up
and cover her nude body.

"No, don't touch that sheet," Frank warned.  "This is Tan Cho, Li's husband.  He
wants to fuck you this morning.  Be a good little slut and tell him it is okay."

Beth's eyes filled with tears as she looked at these two men.  She nodded "yes."

"No, slut, tell him that you want him to fuck your cunt," demanded Frank.

She paused for several seconds, tears streaming down her cheeks, then said, "I
want you to fuck my cunt."

The two men roared with laughter.  Tan removed his trousers and got on the bed
between Beth's legs.  He inserted his penis and began the enjoyment of her body. 
He continued for longer than she had ever remembered a man lasting before and
she felt her own passion rising to the point of orgasm.  Then it hit and her
body convulsed with a powerful orgasm, then another.  At last Tan withdrew his
now limp and spent penis from her body.  She opened her eyes to see Frank's
erect penis directly in front of her.  Without a word being said, she took it in
her mouth and started giving him what he obviously wanted. Frank squirted his
full load down her throat, then tucked his penis back in his pants.

"Frank, your little slut is very nice.  You have done an excellent job my
friend," Tan said.

Without anything else being said, the two men turned and walked out of Beth's
house, leaving her still nude and on her bed.  This was the final straw that
broke Beth's spirit and her will to resist.  She was reduced to nothing more
than an object for Frank to use as he wanted, and she now realized it.  She did
not cry, but just accepted that was to be her life as long as he wanted her.

She pulled into his driveway promptly at three o'clock, got out and rang the
door bell.

"Come in slut," Frank said.  Then he added, "strip."

Quickly, she was standing before him nude. 

"Lay on the couch slut, and let me watch you get you cunt ready for a good
fucking."

There was no protest left in her, she simply had lost the will to resist.  She
moved to the couch, laid back, and started arousing herself with her hands as he
watched.  Her body shook as an orgasm neared, but she continued.

"Here, use this in your cunt, slut," Frank said as he handed her a large dildo. 
She took it obediently and inserted it.  She continued as she reached three
orgasms.

"That is enough for now slut," he told her.  "Get up and stand over the display
stand."

Soon, she was fixed in place with the vertical rod inserted into her vagina.  He
put a piece of tape over her mouth and said, "we are having some guests, and you
will not need to speak slut."  She felt her own sexual discharge running down
the insides of her thighs, but made no attempt to try and wipe it away.

Frank left her there in the den and went into his kitchen.  It was about 15
minutes later when the door bell rang.  Frank opened the door and in walked
Susan and Li.

They looked at Beth, then Susan said, "I hear that she has accepted your as her
master."

"Yes, I think that is the case.  I think I have broken her at last."

"My husband said she performed well this morning, he seemed impressed, Frank,"
said Li.

"I was pleased," remarked Frank.  "She did not hesitate, and she had at least
two full orgasms."

Beth stood immobilized by the rod inside her and unable to speak as they talked. 
Hearing them discuss her performance and her acceptance of his control caused
her to feel even less human than before.

"That is all well and good, but when do I get to punish her for her
transgressions of yesterday?" asked Susan.  "You have not forgiven her insolence
and lies have you?"

"No, she must learn the consequences of disobedience.  That is a very important
part of her training, " was Frank's reply.

Hearing this, Beth started squirming in a futile attempt to free herself.

Susan said, "look, she has life left in her after all," as she laughed a wicked
laugh.  "I can't wait to get at her breasts, it is going to be so great."

Beth continued to struggle.  A trickle of blood ran down her thigh as the only
accomplishment of her struggles.

"Li, are you sure that no permanent damage will be done to her breasts?" he
asked.

"Absolutely, but they will feel like open boils on her chest for a few days,"
was Li's reply.

"Okay, then I am ready to learn your technique.  Susan has told me of the effect
it had on her arms and legs.  I can only imagine what it will do to her lovely
breasts.

"Are you sure your workshop is soundproof?" questioned Li.

"Very sure."

Susan asked, "should we handcuff her first, just so she doesn't give us any
trouble?"

"That might be a good idea," agreed Frank.  He went to a drawer and got a pair
of hand cuffs, the moved to Beth's rear and placed them on her wrists.  He then
lowered the rod from her vagina.  Even handcuffed, Beth tried to avoid being
pushed into Frank's workshop.  All three were sweating by the time they got her
in there and on the mattress on the floor.  When her legs were chained to rings
in the floor set far apart.  The handcuffs were removed and Frank held her on
her back as her wrists were fastened to other rings.
Then, they stood up admiring their handiwork.

"God, she looks so delicious laying there totally helpless like that.  Where is
the rolling pin?" asked Susan.

"First the tape, I want to hear her screams," replied Frank.  He then ripped the
tape off Beth's mouth.

"Please, oh God please don't do this to me.  I am begging, I am pleading, I will
do anything you ask, I will never disobey again," she shouted in a non stop
sentence.

"Will you fuck any body I tell you to?"

"Yes, I promise."

"Will you show you naked body at any time I wish?"

"Yes, God yes."

He put another piece of tape on her mouth, and said, "sorry Li, but I had rather
not hear her begging, I just might give in.  You can start whenever you wish."

Li sat on Beth's hips, one leg on each side, and took the rolling pin.  She
placed it on top of Beth's left breast, and gently rolled it back and forth.

"God, Frank, look at her eyes.  They are as wide as saucers.  She is scared
shitless," `Susan exclaimed.

Li pressed a little harder as she continued to roll the pin back and forth over
Beth's breast.  "I will do this one and you can watch, then you two can take
turns on her other one.  She will pass out rather quickly, but that is fine."

Beth felt Li increasing the pressure as she rolled the pin across her breast. 
The pain built up slowly at first, then it became blinding.  She bucked and
struggled, but was unable to stop the relentless rolling of the pin.  She passed
out from the pain.

When Li was satisfied, she got off  Beth's limp body.   Susan took her place and
started the same process on Beth's right breast.  Then it was Frank's turn. 
They spent over an hour crushing and bruising her breasts.  Beth was passed out
during all but the initial stages.

"That is enough," Li said.  "She will be in severe pain for most of a week.  I
suggest, Frank, that you give her a few days to recover before you use her
again."  They left the workshop as they continued to talk about her.

When Beth regained consciousness, she was in her own bed room, and felt a deep
throbbing in her chest.  She moved to sit up, and was literally knocked back
down by the pain.  She discovered that only by laying perfectly still could she
stand the pain in her breasts.  Any  movement they made was enough to almost
make her vomit with pain.  She laid there until her need to go to the bathroom
was urgent.  She carefully cupped each in her hands and stumbled to the
bathroom.  Then she went back to bed, and stayed there for the rest of the
evening and night.

Monday, Beth called in sick again.   Her breasts were much too sore to be in a
bra, and their movement without a bra was sickening.  Again , she stayed in bed
all day except to used the bathroom.  The same was true on Tuesday.

Wednesday morning, her breast pain was lessened to the point of being able to
get a bra on, and she made it in to work.  She stayed in her office all that
day, then went home.  There was a note on her door.  She opened it, and it read,
"I want you at my house at 8:00 tonight slut."  Beth crushed the note in her
fist and went on inside her house.

Frank looked at his watch, it was nearly 8:15.  He wondered what had gone wrong,
Beth was due 15 minutes ago.  He had just about decided to go over to her house
to see if she was okay, when he heard a car drive up.  It was Beth's car.

"Come in slut," he said as he opened the door in response to the ringing of the
door bell.

She walked in, and said, " I am sorry I am late sir.  There was a large truck
blocking my driveway."

"You are forgiven slut.  Now strip."

He watched as she undressed down to her bra.  "Sir, may I keep my bra on?  My
breasts still hurt very badly," she explained.

For a moment Frank almost gave in, but he knew that would never do.  "No slut, I
said strip."

She gingerly removed her bra with slow and careful movements.

"Are they still sore, I mean really sore slut?"

"Yes sir," was her response.

"Have you learned a lesson about the consequences of failing to obey me no
matter what I tell you to do?"

"Yes sir."

"Come over here, kneel, and tell me to squeeze you tit as hard as I wish."

There was only the slightest of a hesitation, then she knelt in front of him and
said, "squeeze my breast......uh....tit as hard as you wish."  A tear welled up
in her eye as she waited.

Frank reached out and took her right breast in his hand.  He applied only the
slightest pressure and was surprised at the look of pain in her eyes.  He opened
his zipper, pulled out his fully hard penis, and said, "suck it slut."

She took it in her mouth and worked until his sperm was flooding her mouth.

"Dress, and get out slut, but be here Friday night at 7:30," he told her.

When she was gone, Frank mixed himself a drink.  He sat at his desk until late
that night making notes in his journal.

END OF CHAPTER TWELVE




CHAPTER THIRTEEN



At work Friday, Beth got a phone call.  "This is the head librarian, how may I
help you?" she said into the phone's receiver.

"Hello my pet, how are your titties feeling today?" said Susan.

"Why are you calling me?" asked Beth in a demanding tone of voice.

"Now, now, do you want me to tell Frank how you are talking to me?"

"No, please don't.  I am sorry," replied Beth meekly.

"That is more like it my pet.  I want you to come to my office today at lunch. 
You will be having "pussy pie" today my pet," she said nothing else and hung up.

Beth stared at the telephone, then placed it back down.  She took a deep breath,
and went back to work.  There was no fight left in her, just the dread of what
Susan might do to her when she arrived at her office.

Beth trembled as she rode the elevator to the top floor of the newspaper
building.  She composed herself and went to Ms Wright's receptionist, and said,
"I am Beth Williams.  I have an appointment at noon."

The receptionist looked up, then buzzed Susan's office.  "Ms Williams is here to
see you."

"Go on in, she is expecting you."

Beth walked in and was greeted by "hi my pet, I am glad you could make it.  I am
horny as hell and your tongue is just what I need."  She walked to the large
couch in her office and sat down pulling her full skirt up as she did.  "See, I
already have my panties off for you.  Now get over here on your knees and have
some pussy pie," she told Beth as she grinned widely.

Beth did just as she was told and was soon using her tongue to satisfy Susan. 
Susan had several orgasms, then said, "God you are good my pet, but it is time
for you to go."  Handing her a tissue, she added, "wipe my pussy juice off your
face pet, and thanks."

Beth left happy that she had not been hurt.  The fact that she had just been
required to have sex with Susan was of no concern to her any more.

When she drove into her driveway that evening, she saw Frank's car.  She walked
in to find Frank and Tan watching her television set.  "we are in a hurry slut,
get you cunt ready for us, we will be back to your bedroom in just a minute or
so, but hurry," Frank told her.

When they walked in Beth's bedroom, she was busy getting herself wet and
aroused.  Frank said nothing, but pulled off his pants and got on the bed.  He
fucked her hard and was quickly spent.  As he got dressed, Tan did the same. 
Then they were gone.  Little had been said, but both had used her body and she
had not protested.

Beth continued laying on the bed long after Frank And Tan were gone from her
home.  She felt their combined ejaculate draining from inside her body and knew
it was soiling her bed sheets, yet she did not move.  Her mind was struggling to
free herself from the state of acceptance she had fallen into.  When at last she
went to her bathroom to clean herself, she studied her reflection in the full
length mirror.  Her denuded pubic area, her hair covered arm pits, her nipple
rings, and she knew she had changed mentally as well.

It was exactly 7:30 when Beth rang Frank's door bell.  He opened the door with
the usual, "come in slut."  He told her that they were going out tonight to
dinner, and that they would be meeting some prospective investors interested in
an invention he had shown at a trade show recently.  Her clothes were laid out
on the bed in the guest bedroom and she was to go and get dressed.

Beth walked into the bedroom and looked on the bed.  There she saw a pale yellow
shirt waisted sundress with thin spaghetti straps, a pair of heeled yellow
sandals, black thong panties, and a small purse.   She took a long, deep sigh,
then quickly changed into the clothing he had laid out for her to wear.  There
was nothing she could do about the faint outline of the black thong panties
showing through the skirt of the dress though.  She knew better than to protest,
at least she was getting to wear panties.

Dressed, she returned to the den, and said, "Sir, I need to shave the hair under
my arms, may I use one of your razors?"

"No, I want you just as you are.  I like the contrast of your fair skin, the
light yellow of the dress and the dark full growth of the hair under your arms,"
he replied.

"But Sir, I can't go out like this," she protested.

"Yes you can and you will slut, is that understood?"  He added, "put on more
make up before you return, I want you to look like the slut that we know you
are."

"Yes Sir," she answered meekly.

He handed her a short gold chain with a tiny charm on it shaped like a little
rolling pin.  "Put this on also," he said.

She looked at it and replied, "it is too short to fit my neck, Sir.  I can't get
it on."

"It is not for your neck slut.  Fasten it between the rings on your nipples."

When she returned 20 minutes later, Frank smiled.  "You are a quite attractive
slut."  Then he walked over to her, out his hand inside the bodice of her dress,
and pulled  out the gold chain and it rolling pin charm letting it dangle
outside her dress.

The small rolling pin charm hung between her breasts over her dress and looked
obscene.  Yet she knew it would be futile to protest this degrading piece of
jewelry he had given her to wear.


"The little rolling pin will serve as a reminder of the punishment you will get
if you fail to obey me fully tonight slut.  And it will be Susan that uses it on
you.  Do you understand?"

"Yes," she answered.

He told her to have a seat and wait while he changed clothes, then left for his
bedroom.  About 30 minutes later he returned, dressed in a suit and tie.  She
followed him to his car and they drove off without anything being said.  They
drove in silence until Frank stopped in front of the most expensive hotel in San
Francisco.  They got out and went through the doors opened by an uniformend
doorman.  Inside the elevator, Beth watched as he pressed the bottuon that would
take them to the penthouse.  They arrived and the door opened  to reveal a door
beside which stood two guys who were obviously bodyguards of sometype from the
size, dress and demeanor.  Frank identified himself by showing his driver's
license, and the door was opened for them to enter.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MaryAnn859


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





