BDSM Library - Closing the Deal




Closing the Deal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The sequel of the story "Jesse's Birthday". This time Jesse was the one in the bondage.
The following story was written during February 1999. The story is
fully fictional though the characters are based on real life friends.

The story was written because I felt like writing a story and because my
fianc��e enjoyed the first story (Jesse's Birthday). I have to warn you
about my writing style. I'm not a great author. English is not my native
language, nor am I particularly skilled in writing/grammar.

                                                 - Captured
                                                 skydancer@giant.net



====================================================================

WARNING : The following story contains descriptions of sexual acts
performed between (semi) consenting adults.  If you are not at least
18 years of age, or you find these kind of stories offensive, then
exit this file/message now. Read this story at your own risk.

====================================================================

The copyright of this story remains with me, and the fact of this
posting should not be construed as limiting or releasing these rights
in any way.   If you keep the story, *PLEASE* keep the copyright
disclaimer as well.   This posting does not give you the rights to
post this on any website - you must obtain the author's permission
prior to posting.

====================================================================




Closing the deal - Part 1
=========================

It has been a busy few months. Not long after Jesse's birthday, we got another
gift to be happy about. My K1 visa. I moved in with Jesse and her family, found
a nice job in the United States and got lucky enough to find a really nice house
for a reasonable price. Within 3 months, Jesse and I were married and living
together.

The wedding was a normal wedding, nothing spectacular. Jesse had always hoped
for a big formal wedding, but I was rather glad that it was just a small wedding
without too much hassle. I know I love Jesse with all my heart and Jesse loves
me with all her heart. The marriage could've waited if not for the visa
requirements. But at least now things were official.

We moved our stuff over to the house, bought some furniture and we were settling
nicely. All was well except that with everything that has been going on, we
didn't find much time to play bondage games.

The end of Jesse's Summer break was nearing. Only a week to go and finally we
had some time for ourselves. Jesse and I were sitting at the dinner table,
enjoying our meal. The first few times we tried to cook were very messy, but
practice makes perfect and today we had put some effort into it. I had lit a
couple of candles, closed the curtains and put a nice bottle of wine on the
table.

While eating, we kept gazing at each other, enjoying each others company and
talked. Jesse didn't say much. She was thinking and struggling with some
thoughts.

Eventually she talked about her thoughts. ``Sweetie? Do you remember that deal
we made 2 years ago where you would try to kick your Internet addiction?'' Jesse
said. A grin came to my face. ``You mean the one where if I succeeded, you would
eventually spend 4 days in your straitjacket?'' I replied. Jesse nodded quietly.

I looked deeply into her eyes. Jesse smiled playfully, and her eyes were
practically sparkling green. ``That's 72 hours in your straitjacket within 4
days time, if I recall our deal correctly'', I said. Jesse nodded again. I
grinned at her. ``I'd like to get it over with sweetie. This is my last week off
before I'll be swamped with homework again for another semester and I know how
much you've been looking forward to finishing our deal'', Jesse said.

I thought about it. We had been talking about the 4 days in a straitjacket deal
fairly often before we started living together. This was a good time to go
through with it. I only saw one problem. The deal had an extra clause where if
she would spend the 72 hours in her straitjacket, I would be at her mercy for 24
hours afterwards. At the time, that was a big part of the deal. Nowadays when we
played, I didn't even have my safeword anymore because I couldn't help using it
whenever I wanted. It enabled me to top from the bottom so we had decided to
throw the safeword overboard for me. Jesse wasn't as much into restraints as I
was, so she still had her safeword and her limits. But her asking for the 4 days
in her straitjacket had surprised me.

That's one reason why I married her. She always manages to surprise me and isn't
very predictable. ``We don't really have time for the full 24 hours of you
having me at your mercy afterwards though'', I mentioned. Jesse replied: ``I
know, and that sucks. But you will owe me those 24 hours and can make it up some
other way.''

We talked things over and agreed on the basic rules for Jesse's 72 hours: Within
4 days, Jesse would have to spend 72 hours in her straitjacket. Only full hours
in the straitjacket count and she would have no safeword for getting out of the
straitjacket. All her other limits still applied though.

I'm not sure if she realized fully what she was getting into, but it would be
fun to make it happen. I don't get the opportunity to restrain her often and I
was not about to let it go to waste.

After we put the dishes into the dishwasher, it was time to get started. Jesse
went to the restroom while I got out her leather straitjacket and a bottle of
massage oil.

Jesse undressed and laid down on the bed while I gave her a long massage to
loosen up her back, shoulders, neck and arms. While massaging, I gave her the
occasional kiss in her neck to get her squirming. Jesse was getting exited and
hot and within minutes we were locked in a passionate embrace.

I broke the embrace and picked up Jesse's straitjacket and held it open for her.
She looked at me pleadingly. ``Can I at least wear underwear and pants?'' Jesse
pleaded. Already she was trying to influence me. ``Sure, what would you like to
wear?'' I responded. That wasn't what she expected and she smiled. She looked at
me and shook her head. ``You decide for me'', she said. I had hoped she'd say
that and got her tightest thong leotard from her wardrobe, together with a tight
pair of black/blue Polo Sports leggings. She let out a small groan and put on
the thong leotard.

The thong leotard was tight. Custom made out of velvety lycra in a white tiger
pattern, it had long sleeves, a zipper in the back and a sturdy and almost cruel
thong back. I helped Jesse with her zipper and she started plucking at the thong
in order to get it as comfortable as possible.

I shifted the part covering her pussy aside and slowly pushed my finger into her
sex, noticing the wetness. Jesse let out a small and happy sigh and mover her
body towards my hand. I withdrew my finger and gently put two loaded ben-wa
balls inside her. These balls had a small weight inside each ball which would
shift the ball whenever she moved. Jesse liked them, but not for too long as
they were torturous. She didn't complain for now and started shifting her legs a
little. ``Stop that sweetie!'', I said and she blushed a deep red.

Jesse put on the leggings as I handed them to her. They fitted her perfectly and
she looked great. With her arms outstretched, she stepped into her black leather
straitjacket that I was holding out for her. I smoothed the leather and buckled
up the belts in the back nice and tight. 6 straps held the straitjacket on her
from her neck down to her butt. She crossed her arms across her chest and drew
them through the frontal loop of her straitjacket. I buckled her sleeves behind
her back as tightly as they would go, then buckled the loop around her arms in
front tightly.

She flexed her arms and couldn't move them much at all. Only a slight twitching
was all she could do. Finally, I buckled the two straps between her legs tightly
and rechecked every strap again, making sure it was nice and tight. On by one, I
locked each strap with a small padlock. Jesse was not going to get out anytime
soon. We both had played with our straitjackets often enough to know that once
it was strapped on properly, there was no escape.

``How are you doing my love?'' I asked her. Jesse twirled around and grinned
evilly at me: ``Very very horny. Aren't you going to do something about that?''
``Make me'', I teased. Jesse leaned against me, trying to push me towards our
bed. I wrapped my arms around her and stepped around her, pushing her rather
forcefully the bed. Straddling her, I gave her a passionate kiss on the mouth
and started to nibble on her ear. She shivered in lust. ``I love you so much
sweetie'', she whispered.

She kept squirming to try and get a little more friction from the ben-wa balls,
trying to see if she could put herself over the edge. She got close, but not
close enough and eventually she gave up and relaxed her body while I was still
kissing and nibbling.

I rolled over to my back and lifted her so that I was underneath her and she was
straddling me. With my head lying on the pillow, I gazed at her. She looked
awesome. Her long hair in a ponytail hanging over her shoulder, the look of
smoldering lust in her eyes, a few loose wild hairs hanging all over the place,
tight and smooth leather holding her upper body and arms encased and shiny and
smooth lycra covering her legs.

I smiled at her and didn't move at all and just kept staring at her. ``Now
what?'' she said teasingly. ``71 hours, 47 minutes and 15 seconds to go'' I
replied as I took a quick look at my watch. She squeezed her legs around me and
struggled a little in vain in her straitjacket.

Jesse couldn't help but squirm, grinding her crotch against me in order to
stimulate herself. Seeing her like this had my hormones pumping and I stood up,
lifting Jesse from the bed and placing her right next to the bed, facing it. I
undressed and sat down on the edge of the bed, with my dick pointing straight at
Jesse's face. She knew what I wanted, opened her mouth wide and put her mouth
around my cock. Gently she licked and sucked at a slow pace, bringing me near
climax and skillfully keeping me right on the edge for several minutes.

I enjoyed the feeling and caressed her hair and neck with my hand, while making
sure she couldn't move her head away at all. Eventually I told her to make me
cum and she did a great job of that. I didn't let her move her head so that she
had to swallow my cum. She grimaced slightly as she swallowed and then licked my
cock clean.

Satisfied, I let go of Jesse's head and lifted her on the bed. As I wrapped my
arms around her, I kissed her passionately on the mouth. Using the remote, I
started the VCR to finally watch The Truman Show. It's one of the movies that
Jesse does not want to see since she hates Jim Carrey. Now she wouldn't be able
to do much about it.

When she saw what movie I we were going to watch, she started to protest rather
loudly and complain. She shifted her position to straddle me again so I wouldn't
be able to see the movie either.

"Okay sweetie. I know you don't want to see this movie, but you can either lie
in my arms quietly and watch the movie with me, or I will gag you and lock you
down in the basement", I told her sternly. "You wouldn't dare!" she replied, and
continued: "You know you need my permission to gag me and the basement is still
a mess."

She was right of course, but I wasn't going to let that stop me. Jesse's limits
are that she can't stand gags and hogties and so I can't use those on her unless
she gives me permission to use them on her. The basement was not finished yet.
Everything we hadn't unpacked yet was there in one part of it. The other part of
the basement was bare. We had just removed the paint and the carpeting last
week. The electrical wiring, ceilings and doors were done, but that was all. I
had been planning on working on the two basement rooms that were to become our
play area during the week, but I could handle having Jesse at my side for
inspiration.

Jesse grinned as she thought she had me in a corner. ``Don't say I didn't warn
you. Now move out of my view and stop interrupting the movie or you'll pay'', I
told her.

With a big fake pout and a snarl, she climbed off of me and snuggled against me
into my arm, staring defiantly at me. Within minutes, she was wriggling with her
legs again in order to stimulate the ben-wa balls inside her. I tapped her thigh
to motion to stop moving and got a glare in return. Two minutes later, she
started squirming once again and I again motioned her to stop moving and that I
was watching the movie.

``This is torture!'', She spoke out another few minutes later, ``I can't stand
these balls inside me. Please take them out sweetie. Please?''

``I told you to be quiet and warned you about the consequences'', I said. I
paused the VCR an stood up.

I took two leather belts and grabbed Jesse's left leg. I folded the leg and
wrapped one belt around her thigh and ankle and buckled it tightly. I did the
same with her other leg. Jesse struggled to try and kick her legs free and
fought me all the way, but within seconds, her legs were both bound.

``No please, don't. I'll be quiet. Please let me go sweetie?'' Jesse pleaded,
using her cute puppydog eyes on me to soften me up. I looked at her and sat back
down on the bed again. ``Just this once I'll let it slide. But now you're doubly
warned. One move or one sound and it's the gag and basement for you'', I growled
playfully at her.

She whispered so that I could barely hear it... ``Sucker...'', and asked:
``Please untie my legs so I can watch the movie with you sweetie''. In my right
hand I took the ballgag that was lying on the bedstand and I rolled over,
kissing Jesse deeply on the mouth. I wrapped my left hand around her head and
continued the kiss. Jesse closed her eyes and enjoyed the kiss. As I moved my
head away, I held the ball against her lips and strapped the gag tightly against
her face. She immediately closed her mouth and tried to keep the ball out of her
mouth. I lifted her shoulders off the bed with the hand that was holding on to
the straps and gently pulled her head back by her ponytail with the other hand,
forcing her head backwards until she cried out and the ball slipped into her
mouth.

I pulled the straps tightly and locked the buckle with a padlock. Jesse was
furious and glared at me. She tried to talk and yell but only a muffled and
unrecognizable stream of mutterings left her mouth. I kissed her on the lips and
said: ``I love you sweetie, but you were warned. No matter how much of a sucker
I am, you're in trouble. Now stop making noise and don't move and I might have
some mercy on you.''

Jesse didn't stop and continued to try and make as much noise as she could and
tried to hit me with her knees. I stood up and put the helpless girl over my
shoulder. She struggled, but could only move her legs a little and couldn't
prevent me from carrying her downstairs to the furthest room in the basement. I
flipped on the light switch, opened the door to the empty room and put Jesse
down on the floor in the middle of the room. The floor wasn't dirty, but it was
rough.

After I gave her a kiss, I told her that I would be back after the movie. Jesse
howled into her gag as she didn't want to be left alone in the basement like
this. ``Don't say I didn't warn you sweetie'', I said as I closed the door and
flipped the light switch to off, leaving her in the dark.

I felt guilty as hell while I was watching the movie. Jesse wasn't used to a gag
so the 90 minutes were probably very difficult for her. But there was so much
time left to keep her in her straitjacket. If I went soft on her now, she'd only
call me a sucker again. I wanted to prove to myself that I could resist those
begging eyes and her complaining. Recalling how she had gone overboard on
keeping me gagged and restrained for her birthday, I felt a little more at ease.

The movie wasn't all that good as I couldn't concentrate enough to really watch
it.

Meanwhile, Jesse was squirming and struggling in the dark. Those balls were
getting more and more annoying and less and less arousing but she still couldn't
help herself but struggle. She bit down hard on the gag, trying to see if she
could somehow bite through it. She fought against the leather of the
straitjacket in the hope it might somehow give in. And her legs fought against
the leather belts holding them folded. The struggling fanned the flames of
arousal given to her by the balls and the thong leotard.

She was mad. She was very angry that I blatantly ignored her limits like this.
She started thinking about revenge and making me pay for it. She wanted out of
her restraints and wanted to make me pay. She swore to herself that she would
never let me restrain her again.

The thong was getting more and more annoying by the minute and she just couldn't
stop squirming. The cold floor, the dark, the tight restraints, the squirming...
It was so frustrating, yet arousing in a way.

As time slowly passed, the anger made place for feelings of fear. What if she
would be left in here like this? What if something happened to me. What if a
friend popped by? What if the house was on fire? Slowly, instead of being angry
at me, she wanted me to return. She needed me to get out. The dark and eerie
silence were getting on her nerves more and more.

As her fear, frustration and desperation built up, she continued to squirm and
struggle with all her might. Finally, a wave of panic washed over her and almost
at the same time, an orgasm followed. The orgasm slowly subsided, as did her
panic. She relaxed a little and calmed down. ``Bill won't leave me here long. He
knows I can't handle a gag and that I'm a little claustrophobic. He'll be here
soon...''

Calmer, she continued to squirm and struggle a little and managed to calm down.
She decided to try and sleep in order to pass the time. She was proud of being
able to sleep under almost any circumstance so she wasn't going to let her
current predicament stop her.

It was a frustrating hour, but eventually she started to drift off into a
restless sleep, filled with nasty dreams. The wine she had earlier helped making
her sleep a little more solid and after tossing and turning for another 15
minutes, she was soundly asleep.

When I finally went downstairs after the movie was done, I opened the door
carefully and looked in on her. When I saw she was asleep, I felt a little
better. She wasn't doing too badly, which gave me the time to prepare another
surprise. With a marker, I marked several points near where she was lying on her
back. On both sides of her neck, right above her head, next to her upper arms,
on both sides of her waist and right below her crotch.

I then unlocked the ball gag from her head and released her legs. It wasn't long
before her legs slowly stretched out in her sleep. I marked on the floor where
her legs ended before I carefully picked her up and took her upstairs to the
bed.

I was very careful and gentle, but still it amazed me that Jesse didn't wake up
while I carried her around. Once I put her down on the bed, I went back to the
basement and got out my tools. I drilled holes in the cement at all the places I
had marked earlier and screwed big eyebolts into each hole. Then I took an old
mattress we were going to throw out and cut openings in it for the eyebolts so I
could place it on the cement floor, with the eyebolts sticking through it.

When I was done, I joined Jesse in bed. I gazed at her while I was falling
towards dreamland. She looked so peaceful...



End of part 1



Closing the deal - Part 2
=========================

Jesse woke up and rolled over. Her jaw and legs were a little stiff, but that
was nothing compared to the cramps in her arms. She struggled in her
straitjacket, trying to flex the muscles in her arms. She looked at the alarm
clock. 3:26 AM. She looked at me as I was dreaming peacefully.

She remembered falling asleep while she was locked in the basement while gagged.
The gag was gone and she could move her legs. She was glad I had removed those
restraints. She shivered at the thought of how she'd feel right now had she
still been trussed up in the basement like she was earlier.

She thought about her time in her straitjacket so far. About 7 hours so far. 10%
passed. She thought about the events so far. Already one of her limits had been
broken and things were not turning out the way Jesse thought they would go. She
looked at me again and decided not to wake me up. After fighting her
straitjacket a little more, she tried to go to sleep again. She managed for
about 45 minutes. The cramps wouldn't let her sleep. She flexed and struggled to
work the cramps down. The thong and the crotch straps of the straitjacket were
digging into her flesh and were starting to hurt badly as well. She let out a
small groan and stared at me. She really didn't want to wake me up and tried to
relax and not concentrate on the feeling of the ben-wa balls inside her, her
very stiff arms and the thong and straps.

At 6 AM, she rolled against me, trying to nudge me awake. She kept bugging me
until I woke up. When I opened my eyes, a smile came to my face. ``How are you
doing sweetie?'' I asked her. ``Please let me out Bill. I hurt all over and I
need to pee.''

``What do I get if I let you out now?'' I asked her. ``No pee in the bed and I
just might forgive you for gagging me last night'', she replied with a snarl.   
I grabbed my keyring and unlocked all padlocks, then unstrapped Jesse's
straitjacket. Jesse sped off towards the restroom and returned a couple of
minutes later, without the thong leo. She only wore her leggings and was working
the kinks out of her arm muscles, stretching and flexing as she sat down on the
bed. She had also gotten rid of the ben-wa balls. As she lay down on her
stomach, I straddled her and massaged her shoulders and arms.

``You're doing great sweetie, 9 hours so far in your straitjacket. How long of a
break are you going to take now?'' I asked her. ``9 hours? We started at 8:15 PM
last night. It's now 6:15 AM. That's 10 hours'', she replied. ``Nope. Only full
hours in your straitjacket count, remember? I let you out of your straitjacket
at 6:05 AM and it was 8:20 PM by the time your straitjacket was locked on you
yesterday. That's 9 hours, 45 minutes, which counts as 9 hours.''

``Damn'', Jesse cursed, ``This is nasty. Ah... that hits the spot. Please
continue sweetie... I was so pissed off when you gagged me, I vowed to make you
pay for that.'' ``And how were you planning to make me pay?'' I asked. Jesse
grinned: ``That's for me to know and for you to find out.''

Jesse and I talked about her experiences, how she felt and what she expected and
how things were different while I continued to massage her. She confessed that
she had been scared when she was helpless and alone in the basement. We also
discussed the gag more thoroughly and Jesse confessed that in a way, being
forced to wear the gag was humiliating and nasty, but also exciting. She asked
me not to go too far with bending her limits like that though and threatened
that paybacks were hell.

We joked around a little and a few minutes later, we were wrestling on the bed
naked which ended in passionate love making. During sex, I fondled and stroked
and nibbled her breasts, ears and clitoris. That's one thing I wish we had
thought about when we ordered our leather straitjacket. Tit flaps. It sucked
that while she was helplessly restrained in her straitjacket that I couldn't
tease her nipples all that much. As hot as we both were, it wasn't long before
we snuggled together in the afterglow of a matching set of great orgasms.

While laying entwined on the bed, I gave her a passionate kiss on the mouth and
asked her when she'd get back into the straitjacket. Smiling, she rolled over
and picked up her straitjacket from the floor and handed it to me. ``Please put
me back in sweetie. I want to fulfill my promise to you and make those 72
hours.'' She said and stood up for a quick cleanup and a  restroom break. I
yelled behind her, asking her what she wanted to wear this time. She didn't
reply until she got back into the bedroom and held her arms outstretched for her
straitjacket. ``Nude will do fine my love'', she grinned.

Once again, I smoothened the leather of her straitjacket against her skin as I
strapped her in tightly and securely. Again I locked every buckle with a
padlock.

She sat down at the dinner table while I made us breakfast. As I fed her
breakfast in small pieces, we joked around and I threatened her about just how
much she was at my mercy and she asked me what the worst was that I could do. I
threatened her with the ball gag, the leather hood and locking her back down in
the basement for the remainder of her 72 hours. She laughed out loud. ``You
would NEVER do that to me sweetie. You wouldn't want to hurt your little
Jesse'', she mocked in a childish voice. ``Don't tempt me sweetie'', I responded
with as much evil as I could manage in my voice.

``You couldn't do that. You have to obey my limits and I have my safeword. And
you could never keep my restrained that long. You'd be too worried'', she said
after some thinking. ``You only asked me not to bend your limits too far. But
since you've already been gagged, that's not a valid limit anymore. And you
vowed to make me pay anyway. How much worse could things get for me? I know you
can easily breathe through the hood so I'm not worried about that either. The
question is, do you dare me to do this to you? Are you THAT certain that you
know me well enough to say that I can't keep you restrained that nastily for
that long?'' was my answer.

``If you even seriously consider doing that to me for that long, you will pay
far more than you can handle. Don't test me. I know you wouldn't be able to keep
me in for that long, but I don't want to try and find out'', Jesse blurted out.
``If you trust your judgment in me that much, why don't you give up your
safeword completely for the remainder of your straitjacket time?'' I lured her.
``Oh no. You won't trick me that easily sweetie'', she said as she saw through
my plan, ``You only want my safeword so you can bust my limits. I know how much
you want to go extreme on me, even for only an hour or two, but I didn't give
you limits to just ignore and abuse them.''

We continued our verbal teasing and sparring for quite a while longer. Jesse was
careful with what she dared me to do and avoided putting her foot in her mouth.

After breakfast, she plopped down on the couch while I turned the TV to the
animal channel for her. I put the dishes into the dishwasher and cleaned up. I
checked my email and chatted for a couple of minutes with a few friends on the
Internet. About an hour and two resume submissions later, I went back to Jesse.

I sat next to her on the couch and she dropped her head in my lap, resting and
watching television. I stroked her hair and asked her if there was anything she
wanted. ``I want you to eat me out please'', she said and blushed a little.
``You're helpless, so that's a big favor to ask me. But I tell you what, I will
lock your high heeled boots on your feet and then I'll eat you out. How does
that sound?'', I asked. Jesse whined and complained and tried to bargain with
me. She hated those 4.5'' stiletto heels. They hurt her feet when she stood on
them, but I wouldn't budge. Eventually she gave in. I got her high heels from
her wardrobe and put them on her feet, laced them up and locked the ankle straps
with 2 padlocks each. I love the look of her standing in high stiletto heels,
but she hates wearing them.

She stood up and twirled around so I could admire her, then sat down on the edge
of the couch and spread her legs so I had all the access I'd need. The straps of
the straitjacket pushed aside as much as possible to open up her sex for my
tongue. I sat down and started by lapping at her cunt. This got Jesse squirming
and her breath started to become erratic. Then I let my tongue explore and
probe, deeper and deeper like a trapped snake trying to find its way. My teeth
gently scratched while my lips nibbled. Jesse loved it, that's for sure. She
couldn't sit still and wrapped her legs around me, trying to get me tighter
against her. A soft moan came out of her mouth at regular intervals and she
struggled in her bonds. Her face was an indication of lust, as were the juices I
fed myself on.

Orgasm took quite a while, but she begged me to continue after the first orgasm.
She just loved it. Practice makes perfect and boy, had she forced me to practice
on her...

Eventually I was too tired to continue though. Jesse had a glazed and happy look
in her eyes. I joined her on the couch as we hung back, my arms wrapped around
her and her head leaning on my chest. ``I love you so much sweetie'', she said.

After we had enjoyed our lazy snuggling for about an hour while we talked
dreamily about our love, past bondage sessions and plans for future bondage
sessions, I got up and made lunch for the two of us. As I fed her her lunch, she
asked me to see if I could massage her arms a little. She was getting stiff and
sore inside her restraints but didn't want to be released just yet. I rubbed her
arms and shoulders as best as I could, and I could see on her face that it
helped just enough to make a difference. She then asked if I could please take
off the boots, but I refused.

After lunch, I told Jesse that since I had nothing better to do, I might as well
go to town and pick up some stuff so I could work on our basement. It was
destined to become our playroom but there was a lot of work to be done. Jesse
wasn't too happy about me having to leave the house for a while and asked if I
could free her from her straitjacket so she could at least help with the
shopping. I declined her offer but told her she could come along with me if she
wanted to in her straitjacket and boots.

Before I left, I helped Jesse into a pair of jeans that covered part of her
boots and a little of the straitjacket. She looked wonderful and I decided that
she was coming with me on this little trip. She protested as I pushed her
towards the car, teetering on her heels. I ended up putting her over my shoulder
and carrying her into her seat. I put the seatbelt around her and got into the
car myself while Jesse was yelling at me. ``Relax sweetie, with your back to the
seat, the straps can't be seen at all and it just looks like you have your arms
crossed unless people look closely. While we're driving nobody will notice. And
when we get into town, I'll cover you with a blanket and you can pretend to
sleep'', I told her.

I got the glare of doom and a small shiver went up my spine. I would pay for
doing this to her. Jesse gave me the silent treatment and didn't say anything at
all during our trip to the DIY store. The parking lot was quiet and I parked
where nobody was walking around at that time, then covered Jesse with the
blanket. ``Hurry back sweetie'', she said. I kissed her passionately on her
mouth before I locked the car doors behind me.

It's a good thing we have a large car, with a carrier on the roof. By the time I
was done, it was packed with large pieces of thick foam, some wood, tools,
paint, glue, hooks, rings. Almost everything I think that was needed in our
playroom.

As we drove home, I pulled Jesse's blanket away so I could stare and admire her
again.

When we got home, I unloaded the car and took everything to the basement. When I
was done, I helped Jesse go to the restroom. I gave her another semi-massage
when she asked me to let her out, but didn't let her out of her straitjacket or
heels.

After feeding Jesse dinner, piece by piece, I cleaned up while she lay/sat down
on the couch, watching television. After cleaning, I went downstairs to the
basement to start working on our playroom. An hour and a half later, Jesse
teetered in, her face a grimace of pain due to the high heels. She had managed
to climb down the stairs and walk to the basement rooms in them. I felt so proud
when I saw her standing there. I held out my arms as she moved slowly towards
me, falling into my arms and I held her in a tight hug and kissed her. ``Hiya
beautiful! What's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?'' I told her.
Jesse groaned: ``I missed you sweetie. These heels are killing me. Please unlock
them sweetie.'' ``Why don't you lie down on that mattress sweetie?'' I replied,
trying to avoid having to refuse her yet again. I wasn't about to let her out
until she safeworded but hoped it would take another few hours before she would.

Jesse sighed knowingly, and carefully sat down on the mattress in the middle of
the room I was working on. She noticed how quickly things seemed to be going. I
had the thick padding glued to the walls all around already, with only an
opening for the door. I sat down next to her with a few lengths of rope in my
hands. Jesse felt a sense of foreboding but let me ease her on  her back. I felt
for the eyebolts in the floor and shifted Jesse until she was positioned
perfectly, then tied her head, chest, neck and waist tightly down. She couldn't
move her upper body at all when I was done. I removed her jeans and tied down
her knees, ankles and thighs too, spread obscenely.

``Hmmm... I like this'', she said with a lustful and playful tone in her voice.
I left and returned with shaving cream, razor and after-shave. ``Oh no'', she
groaned, ``Please don't shave me. I hate how it itches sweetie''. ``And you know
how much I like it. You should just keep yourself smooth so it won't itch'', I
said. Unable to move at all, Jesse rested in her fate as I lathered up the brush
and started to liberally apply shaving cream on her sex. She started to moan
again in arousal. She loved the attention she was getting.

Very carefully, I shaved away all the shaving cream, removing all hair while
doing so. Feeling evil, I put a little after-shave on my hands and rubbed it
into Jesse's crotch. Jesse deeply inhaled as the burning sensation passed and
muttered: ``You sick bastard... I love you so much.''

``I love you so much as well sweetie'', I replied as I slowly moved an ice cube
around on the skin I had just shaved. Jesse shivered and grinned, saying nothing
as I made my circles smaller and smaller and put the ice cube inside her for her
to melt. I got up and continued working on the room.

Around 10 PM, I went up to get something to drink, and brought a glass of
Sangria along for her. I stared at her beautiful bound form as I helped her sip
her drink. ``Would you like to sleep down in here tonight, or in the bedroom?'',
I asked. ``What kind of stupid question is that? You know I want to sleep with
you in the bedroom'', Jesse replied. ``Well, it just means I am going to let you
out now'', I answered as I kissed her passionately on her face. Lying semi on
top of her, I continued to kiss her and play with her hair. ``Please don't...'',
she started as I kissed her passionately on her mouth again. I moved to her ear
and started to gently nibble on it. She couldn't move out of the way at all and
just had to endure the sensations, getting more and more aroused. I felt her
hairless pussy and inserted my finger. Jesse tried to move her crotch to my
finger as much as the ropes allowed and sighed in frustration as I sat up,
kissed her again quickly and started to untie the ropes.

``You insufferable bastard....'' she grinned. ``What? Don't you want me to untie
you?'' I asked. Jesse thought about it, orgasm and spending the night bound
tightly to the floor in the basement, or no orgasm and spending the night in
bed. ``If you sleep down here next to me, I'd like to stay here'', Jesse said
with a fake pouty face. ``Deal!'', I said and kissed her passionately on the
face again. I teased, fingered, nibbled, licked and kissed her to orgasm before
I untied the ropes and unbuckled the straitjacket to let Jesse out. ``14
continuous hours. Congratulations sweetie. You're at 23 hours now and doing
wonderfully'', I said proudly.

Jesse beamed proudly and hugged me with all her might. She wrapped her arms
around my neck, jumped up and wrapped her legs around my waist and kissed me
passionately. ``Please unlock the boots too Bill, my feet are sore beyond
belief. I know you love the look of these heels, but they're murder'', Jesse
complained. I removed her boots and massaged some feeling back into her arms,
shoulders and feet.

Minutes later, Jesse was helping me put up the canvas-backed leather `wallpaper'
over the thick foam covered walls. Together it was difficult enough to put up
without any creases, something I wouldn't have managed by myself.

When we were done, we cuddled a little before I put Jesse back into her
straitjacket and tied her down securely to the eyebolts on the floor. I covered
the two of us with a blanket, rested my arm and head on Jesse's chest and dozed
off after a tiring but great day.



End of part 2



Closing the deal - Part 3
=========================

Jesse woke up, stiff as a board. Her whole body protested against the bonds that
held her tight. I was still sleeping, my head on her chest and my hand on her
crotch. She stared at my sleeping body for a while and tried to ignore her
protesting muscles. She thought about her ordeal and what else I might have in
store for her. Most of all, she thought about her revenge. It would be sweet.

I woke up not much later after having slept for a full 8 hours. I kissed my
helpless captive and got up. Jesse protested and begged me to untie her as I
walked out of the room.

After washing and making breakfast, I untied the ropes and massaged Jesse as
best as I could while she was in her straitjacket. I washed her face for her,
brushed her hair and cleaned her up. I fed her breakfast and let Jesse watch
television again while I checked my email and started to work on our playroom
again.

I unscrewed the eyebolts from the floor and glued two layers of thick but soft
foam to the floor, which I covered with canvas backed leather. It wouldn't take
long for the glue to dry. I screwed the security cameras to their marked
locations on the ceiling and hooked up the wiring I had prepared earlier. Two
strong security bars covering the door on the outside later and the padded room
was complete.

Next up was the larger basement room from which the padded playroom could be
entered. This room too, got the black leather wallpaper, but no padding. When I
was doing this, I noticed Jesse standing in the door opening. She had been
gazing at me for a while. ``Hi handsome. You look so sexy when you're working
like that'', she said. 

I gave her a tight hug. ``Care to see how the padded room turned out?'', I
asked. No awaiting her reply, I lifted her up, opened the door to the padded
room and tossed her inside. ``Hey! Be gentle!'', she protested as she landed on
the soft floor. ``Hmm, I like this...'' she said as I straddled her, pushing her
down a little further into the floor and kissed her passionately.

I quickly got up, stepped out of the door and closed it. Pushing the safety bars
into position, the room would've held a bull. I turned on the monitors and
watched her. She was trying to get up but without her hands and the thick soft
floor, she was having difficulties. Once she got up, she threw herself against
the foam on the door, trying to budge it. I only heard a soft thump on the side
I was on. Jesse tried again. She yelled something that I couldn't hear. The
soundproofing qualities of the thick foam were great. When I turned on the
microphones, I heard her yelling: ``You utter bastard!'' She had a playful tone
in her voice and was laughing as she threw herself to the wall again, then let
herself fall to the floor, panting.

I turned off the lights in the padded room and switched the cameras to infrared
mode to see how that worked. I could see Jesse struggle in her straitjacket in a
bright spectrum of colors. It reminded me of the movie Predator, and I felt like
the alien hunter.

When I was done with the walls, I put in the floorboards and checked up on
Jesse. On the infrared, I could clearly see that she had calmed down and looked
like she was taking a nap.

I carpeted the floor and ceiling with the same black leather material before
joining Jesse in the padded room. She woke up to the sensation of me groping her
gently and moaned. She tried to flex her arms which reminded her that she was
still straitjacketed. ``Make love to me sweetie'', she pleaded.

Who was I to refuse? I undressed and made love to her in our padded room. The
floor was softer than a regular bed and it was a little awkward at first, but
worked out wonderfully. Afterwards, we snuggled and kissed and I listened while
she commented on the padded room.

Jesse walked through the house but mostly stayed close as I worked to complete
our playroom. Every now and then I scratched her neck and petted her. I put
eyebolts in one of the walls so that a person could be spread tightly against
the wall in different positions. Several eyebolts in the floor and ceiling made
for perfect suspension play.

I gave Jesse a hug and a kiss. ``That's enough work for today, time for some
food and fun!'' I said. I made a simple dinner in the microwave and put it on
the table on one plate. Jesse waited for me to hold out a chair for her so she
could sit down at the table, but I told her to sit under the table like a pet. I
ordered her to unzip me with her mouth and give me a blow job while I ate
dinner. She protested and told me that she was not a pet. I asked her if she
wanted to spend the night gagged and hooded in the padded room. She muttered and
started to work on my zipper.

Dinner never was that satisfying before. Once Jesse got my zipper down and was
working away with her mouth on my cock, I fed her scraps of food. Partially to
make sure she wouldn't get too hungry and partially to give my cock time to
relax. I didn't want to come before I had finished my dinner.

After dinner and orgasm, I asked Jesse to continue licking my member. I enjoyed
the sensation and was comfortable. It wasn't long before I got hard again when I
asked her to stop for now. I had a surprise for her. I told her to sit in front
of the couch and went to get her surprise. I placed the gift-wrapped box on the
couch and told her to open it. With her mouth, she tore the wrapping off and
opened the box. Her eyes nearly popped when she saw what was inside. Several
extreme bondage movies. She had told me about wanting to see some porn movies
before, but we never got around to buying any. But the last time I was home in
The Netherlands, I bought several hard-core bondage/SM movies and had savored
them for a special occasion. I held them out for Jesse to look at and she
carefully studied the pictures and blurb on the back of each tape. She chose the
order in which she wanted to view them and the rest of the night was spent in
the bedroom, watching the movies... twice. Before the movies, I had inserted a
vibrator into Jesse's pussy and I kept my hand on its controls, pacing it along
with the pace of the movies.

The movies were hot and inspiring. Between and during the movies, we both had
several orgasms. During the second showing I fell asleep. It had been a very
tiring day for me. Jesse stayed awake throughout the movie, her vibrator buzzing
at a steady but frustrating pace. The odd thing is that usually she's the one
falling asleep during movies while I stay awake.

She woke me up after the movie for a restroom break and to get me to switch the
tapes in the VCR. I asked her if she needed a break from her straitjacket and
gave her a semi-massage when she told me she would stay in for the night. I
stared at her admiring and proud. ``I love you so much sweetie'', I said as the
movie started again. I was asleep before Jesse's batteries ran out. When the
movie was done, Jesse rewinded the tape and restarted it, controlling the remote
with her nose. She dozed off halfway through the tape and dreamt about sweet
revenge...


My dreams worried me a little. The way Jesse had been grinning throughout the
rather extreme femdom/malesub movie and the fact that our play area was nearing
completion were somewhat disturbing. Jesse is more dominant than I am and
usually when we play, I'm the victim. But I realized just how much work I was
putting into the play area and how different Jesse was now than she had been
before her birthday. The events during her birthday had changed her. She had
become more cruel, less merciful and more dominant. While we didn't have a
dominant/submissive relationship at all, she had started calling me her
slave-boy regularly. And before, whenever I told her about my fantasies of being
someday restrained forever, she would just tell me to forget it and how it would
never happen. Now, I wasn't so sure. Of course, she wouldn't keep me restrained
forever. But mercy was out of the question and my safeword forgotten. And she
craved to hold me restrained longer and longer. It wasn't too long ago when she
got worried after keeping me restrained for a few hours. That business at her
birthday took most of the weekend. I shivered at the thought and opened my eyes
to look at Jesse.

I couldn't help but smile. The worries fell away as I saw her beautiful and
helpless form. Whatever else might happen, she was mine just as much as I was
hers. And whatever we would do to each other would be done with nothing but love
in our hearts.

I got up and prepared breakfast. With breakfast ready, I snuggled next to her
and waited for Jesse to wake up.

When she awoke, I cheered for her and kissed her passionately. I congratulated
Jesse with 32 full hours of staying in her straitjacket at once. She was at 55
hours in total now. I fed her breakfast and snuggled for a few minutes when she
asked me if I could let her out of her straitjacket.

I teased and threatened to leave her in, but she looked like she REALLY needed
to stretch her arms a little so I freed her from her straitjacket. She cringed
as she moved her arms and I carefully rubbed them to loosen up her cramped
muscles. We took a shower together in which she let me soap her up and wash her
and she washed me, happy to be able to use her arms again. The hot water made
her feel a lot better.

After the long shower, Jesse stretched out on our bed for a long massage. She
moaned and practically purred as my hands loosened up her muscles. ``That just
feels so good sweetie'', she said happily. We cuddled together, Jesse's arms
wrapped tightly around my body. ``The worst about being sj'ed for a long time is
not being able to hold you, sweetie'', she explained. I told her how proud I was
of her having made it through so many hours already with so few and short
breaks.

Jesse thought about it. If she would do the last 17 hours in a single go, she
could stay out of her straitjacket until 3 AM. That would give her 17 hours of
freedom right now. And she craved revenge... But she decided against it. It
wouldn't be enough time for the revenge she wanted. She'd be patient for now.

We got dressed and went shopping for furniture for our playroom. A big solid
wardrobe, two bookcases, a wall-mounted safe for keys, an entertainment center,
television, dolby surround sound and a flat tool storage solution for on the
wall. Everything would be delivered the next day.

We had lunch before we returned home where I put Jesse back in her straitjacket.
Jesse asked what was next. I told her that this session would be the hardest
session for her. She purred and dared me to make it the worst I could make it
for her. I happily accepted the dare and got out a pair of 'kinky dice'. One
dice had sides with 'kiss, lick, nibble, stroke, pinch and swat' while the other
dice had sides with 'lips, nipples, butt, sex, ears, thighs'.

We took turns throwing the dice. She threw them by using her mouth and had to
make do. After all, she didn't have her hands at her disposal so whatever she
couldn't do to me, I'd do to her. It was arousing to see her wriggle in order to
get the dice into her mouth and it was fun to tease her and torture her a little
with the things we got to do. It ended after an hour or two when we were just
too horny and just needed sexual release.

``That wasn't too bad sweetie. I thought you were going to make this session a
nasty one?'', Jesse said. I just chuckled and said: ``You are just asking for
it, aren't you? Trust me, you won't like it.'' `Yeah yeah yeah. Whatever'', she
replied and stuck out her tongue. Grabbing her head and wrapping my other arm
around her, I kissed her passionately on her mouth. I nibbled on her ear and
whisper: ``Don't say I didn't warn you sweetie.'' ``No gag!'', she suddenly
spoke up. ``You wanted nasty, you'll get nasty'', I answer. ``No please Bill.
Don't gag me. Anything else but no gag'', she pleads. ``Anything?'' I ask in a
mocking tone. ``Almost anything'', she said, trying to save herself. I just
chuckled. ``I love you sweetie'', I said, trying to change the subject. Jesse
just pouts and looks at me proudly.

``No please! Not those damn heels again'', Jesse whined as I grabbed her foot
and put her stiletto high heeled boots on her. I laced up the boot and locked
the strap around her ankle. Groaning, Jesse let me put the other boot on her as
well.

Step by step, I guided her to the playroom. When I started tying ropes to the
eyebolts in the ceiling, she got nervous and started pleading. I ignored her and
finished my preparations. I pulled her to her feet, then pulled the ropes past
her crotch and back up to the ceiling, where I tied them so that she had to
stand up straight on her heels or she'd be suspended by the ropes digging in her
crotch. While she begged and pleaded for me to let her sit down, I tied an extra
rope from the ceiling to her shoulders so that she couldn't step away from the
ropes. A pair of leg cuffs with 12" chain completed her position. She stood on
the stiletto high heels, toes pressing into the points of her boots, ropes
digging into her crotch.

I took a couple of pictures of her like this while she got upset. She begged and
she cried and when I didn't move, she started to curse. There was no playful
tone in her voice and I wonder how long it'd take before she'd safeword. She
vowed revenge and threatened me, but I just got up, held her in a bear hug and
kissed her passionately. I lifted her up an inch with the bear hug and she
kissed me back, relieved. As I set her back down on her feet, she asked me for
another kiss and I kissed her again, relieving her sore crotch and feet. I held
on to her for a minute and offered her a deal. The ball-gag or staying in this
position. She refused the gag and I set her down again.

Two minutes later, she cursed at me and asked for the ball-gag. ``I didn't hear
please'', I teased her. ``Please, goddamn-it Bill! Hurry up'', she cried out. I
bear-hugged and kissed her one last time before I gagged her and put her back
down. If looks could kill, I'd be a dead man now.

I left her in her position and walked out of the room, a pitiful and
heartbreaking moan coming from Jesse's mouth as I left. Inside herself, Jesse
was furious at me for doing this to her. She was also pissed off at herself. If
only she hadn't been too proud to safeword. She wanted to safeword right now,
but the gag had taken her safeword away. I returned two minutes later with the
padded leather hood. Jesse never dared to try it on herself as it was too nasty
according to her. She continued her rage as I laced the hood tightly onto her
head and buckled its straps tightly. I goosed her and she tried to move away.

I heard a sigh of relief as I untied the ropes and helped Jesse fall to the
floor. She struggled like a woman possessed to try and get free, the hood
keeping her completely blind and the gag underneath preventing speech. I carried
her to the padded room where I tied her ankles to her thighs. Spreading her
legs, I pushed my cock deeply and rather violently into her pussy.

She struggled as much as she could, but she was helpless to stop me. For me, it
only made the experience more enjoyable. When I came, she came together with me.

``See you later sweetie'', I said as maniacally as I could. I told her about the
bucket in the corner that she could use as her toilet. She'd have a hard time
just squirming towards it and actually finding the corner the way she was bound
but it would give her something to do. I knew just how much of an impact this
message had on her, knowing that she was not going to be released any time soon.

A pitiful whine was cut-off as I closed and locked the door behind me. I felt
sorry for her, but she had dared me. I also knew that I had signed my own doom.

Jesse couldn't sleep. She was too wound up. All her muscles were cramped up.
From her the balls of her feet all the way up to her jaw muscles. She struggled
violently against her restraints with all her might. There was no give. Only her
legs flailed around. She was still lying on her back, exactly how I had left
her. She moved her legs and tried to twist her body around. She had to get to
her stomach somehow so she could crawl around a little. While having to pee in a
bucket would be extremely humiliating, she didn't want to give me the
satisfaction of her not even able to get to the bucket. She threw her legs from
one side to the other, bending her body as much as the straitjacket allowed her
to do. She got to her side, but rolled back. Frustrated, she chewed on the ball
in her mouth. She threw her legs back, trying to roll over but she just couldn't
get enough momentum. The thick, soft floor did not work to her advantage at all.

Eventually she managed to get to her knees by slowly pressing them into the
floor and wresting her body upwards, slowly moving her weight towards her knees.
Once her legs were pressed firmly into the floor, she quickly shifted her weight
forwards and pushed her legs backwards with all her might. This was enough to
topple her over and she fell flat on her stomach.

Inch by inch, she squirmed forwards until she got to a wall. Ever so slowly and
painstakingly, she squirmed along the wall until her knee felt the opening of
the bucket. Jesse rested. Her fight against the restraints in order to move had
taken a lot out of her. She relieved herself on the bucket, flushed with
embarrassment.

Several hours later, before I went to sleep, I visited Jesse. I rolled her over
to her back again. She had moved towards the middle of the room, away from the
bucket. The cat-grit and ceiling fan worked well. Spreading her legs, I went to
work orally on Jesse's sex. She stopped struggling almost immediately when I
started and tried to enjoy herself as much as her sore muscles allowed. After
she orgasmed, I went from oral sex to real sex as I could use some sexual
release myself. This time, I orgasmed before she did and as I pulled away, Jesse
tried to hold on to me but couldn't.

``Is this session nasty enough for you, my pretty?'' I asked her sarcastically.
Jesse nodded. ``Do you want mercy?'' Jesse nodded again, but slower. She felt
defeated. ``You know that when I'm at your mercy, I don't expect you to have
any, don't you?''. Jesse nodded again, knowing full well that she wouldn't have
any mercy at all. I had trained her well in this aspect, simply by calling her a
sucker and telling her whenever she let me out that she let me out too easily.
Well, until her birthday at least. She learned the lesson well. ``I love you
sweetie'', I said as I started to unlace the hood. I removed Jesse's gag and
kissed her passionately on the mouth as she tried to tell me something.

``Thank you sweetie'', she said. ``Can you please let my legs go as well?'', she
continued. I groped her happily and kissed her again. ``What do I get out of
it?'' I replied evilly. ``A kiss?'' she tried. I shook my head. ``If you don't
free my legs, I won't take any revenge on you'' she said evilly. I laughed and
untied her legs. Jesse happily stretched them, trying to get the cramps out.
``The boots and jacket stay for the night though. Tomorrow at 8 your sentence
will be over'', I told her. I got her a glass of wine and toasted to her
freedom. She drunk the wine and I kissed her passionately night night before
locking her in the padded room. The sounds of her protests went silent as I shut
the door.

Unknown to Jesse, I left the house that night and went to pick up a special cake
I had ordered for her.

I got up early the next morning to prepare a large breakfast. I moved the dinner
table to the playroom, moved in two chairs, put the breakfast on the table, lit
a few candles and dimmed the lights. Checking upstairs in the mirror, I combed
my hair again. Wearing a tuxedo and top hat, I opened the door to the padded
room. I woke my pretty lady and escorted her to the table.

I freed Jesse from her boots and as the clock struck 8 AM, I freed her from her
straitjacket. I hugged her and kissed her passionately. ``Congratulations my
love, you made it through your 72 hours within 4 days!'' I cheered. As she awoke
completely from her sleep, she noticed the tuxedo and luxurious breakfast. She
beamed as she read the icing on the large cake. It said: ``Paid in full. Thank
you''.



End of this story
====================================================================
   The author can be reached for comments at: skydancer@giant.net
====================================================================




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Captured


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





