BDSM Library - Society Of Rome




Society Of Rome
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of how a young girl and how and why she matures into a young women that turns towards the life of slavery.  It follows her life as she finds herself joining an exclusive private organization dedicated to S&M and sexual servitude.
                              WARNING

This story is not entirely a work of fiction but all names and places have been
changed and any similarity to any person living or dead or names used is
strictly coincidental.  The stories inspiration is based on certain events that
have taken place but they have been expanded upon to hopefully entertain and
stimulate the reader.

If you are offended by material of a sexual nature or are not 18 years old or
more do not read this.  If the state or country you reside in does not permit
this material do not read this.

The material is not copied protected and is for your personal use and can be
distributed.  Do not distribute this as YOUR writing.

It is intended to add to this story as time continues, your comments or
suggestions are welcomed e-mail address is KLS-1@rocketmail.com




Society of Rome.

BACKGROUND

That's what they call it, Society of Rome (S.O.R.), a group of well off to
wealth individuals and/or couples that enjoy, what they call "the alternative
life style" or as my Master shortens it to "the lifestyle".  I don't know if the
abbreviation S.O.R. is a cute way of what a slave (or property as they sometimes
call it) ends up or not but I'm sure that I'm not the only one who has thought
of it.

Well it's actually an exclusive and private S&M and sex organization, well
organized with rules as to conduct by both members and property, a Board of
Directors, judicial system and it even shows a profit from some of it's
activities.  But I'm getting ahead of myself, I didn't know any of this when I 
started my journey into the lifestyle by searching the Internet.

I'm laying in my own bed at the moment, it's early and still dark out but will
be light soon, I see  slave Sandra who assisted in helping me home, is sleeping
soundly and I assume slave Mimi is in my  spare room sleeping also.  As my mind
clears I realize it can't be Sunday morning as we left the building where the
signing ceremony took place early Saturday morning and once home we didn't even
get into bed until that night so I'll assume it's Monday morning, at least I
hope it is.  As instructed by the interview committee I arranged to be off work
on Monday and Tuesday.

How do I feel at the moment, well my skin, from my shoulder's  to above my knees
front and back feels like a terrible sun burn, my nipples are sore and tender so
even the light covers laying on them feels like corse burlap instead of the
expense cotton sheets I use.  The muscles of my shoulders, arms, and thighs are
so sore and stiff I'm not sure if I can actually get up without assistance and
the tendons on the inside of my thighs and calves feel stretched and are also
very sore.  The palms of my hands feel sore and dry and I know they and  my
knees and shins must have rug burns on them from crawling around on the carpet. 
Even the bottoms of my feet feel sunburn.  The signing ceremony lasted for
something like eight or ten hours including the preparation and clean up but it
feels like weeks.

My fuck hole (which is how I think of it right now after last night but at one
time I thought of it as my vagina or pussy, even cunt sounds better to me), is
exceptionally sore as is my clit.  Reaching down I very gently touch my outer
lips and they feel puffy and tender and as my finger moves inside it feels like
I am rubbing sandpaper on the tender skin instead of my finger tip, even with
the coating of antibiotic cream that was used to treat the tender inner membrane
of my pussy and rectal cannel after the ceremony it still feels raw.

My whole rectal passage and ass hole have a dull throb to them and feel so
irritated that I believe I'll stay on a liquid diet for a few days (well I did
somewhat start one last night as all I had to drink was men's and women's cum,
piss, spit, water and coffee).

As I allow my hands to GENTLY touch my breasts, they feel swollen and just the
slightest touch makes me wince a bit.  I'm not even going to try and touch my
nipples since just the covers irritate them just from the movement of by
breathing.  The fact is they along with the rest of me just want to go back to
that deep sleep and not feel like I'm laying on fine sand paper when I know my
back is on the clean white sheets of my bed.

I'm apprehensive to get up and actually look in the mirror at what my body must
look like.  I did see it last night (actually VERY early in the morning) and the
skin looked dark red with darker red lines running covering me like a railroad
map, thin and thick ones all crisscrossing my skin. I think the worst of it was
the cane and crop which left dark red ridged welts on my ass and front and backs
of my thighs.  Of course the thinner ones used on my breasts were no joke either
but they didn't seem to welt up as the ones with the larger cane.  I did see
some bruises starting to appear on my ass, tits and thighs last night but really
wasn't in the position to take much time to take stock of myself.  When I looked
at my pussy last night it was red and swollen from use and god knows what my
poor asshole looks like at the moment but if it looks like it feels it is
swollen like a donut.

Now I suppose those reading this wonder how a well educated Jewish girl,
financially well off, a professional, raised by a father that spared no expense
in providing his only child with the best his money could buy is doing in this
condition.   Not only in this condition but ASKED for it to be done to her is a
bit of a story.  I'm going to relate it to you but please be patient, I started
the story somewhat in the middle so I'll go back and start from the beginning.

Some background information is probably due, since how I came to be in this
condition is what this story is all about.  My name is Patricia Schaffier, age
24, a Certified Public Accountant for one of those large international
accounting firms.  I'm 5-9, about 120 lbs, 36c breasts (all men ALWAYS want to
know that little piece of info, how come they never give the size of there
cock's, but then that's life).  I work out regularly and was instructed from
early on in life the proper way to exercise diet.  My routine is different each
day so that has me running several miles, going to the gym and working with
weights, aerobics, kick boxing, and generally staying in good physical condition
and fairly limber so my body is  nice and trim, not muscular but fit.

As for my looks, I have brown eyes and hair that has just a hint of natural curl
which I keep just below my shoulders (at least for now but in the future I think
the S.O.R. wants it grown longer but they haven't told me yet).  My breasts (I
forgot there tits now, the S.O.R. has rules as to how "property" can refer to
body parts, I'll try to stay consistent with how I refer to things, so
understand that I do go back in forth between the "proper" term and normal
usage) are firm with well proportioned nipples and aureoles that are somewhat
larger then a quarter which are a nice light pink color and are actually more
oval then round in shape, unless aroused when they become darker with nipples
that grow to  a 1/4 of an inch.  My breasts sit up high on my chest with the
nipples positioned just above center on my breasts.

My stomach is flat and firm, no rippling abs but you see that there is no excess
skin there or on my sides.  My ass (proper S.O.R. term by the way) is also firm
but the flesh of my ass does have just a little bounce and jiggle to it when I
walk.  My hips are wide but in proportion to the body and my legs are long with
well shaped thighs and calves, again not muscular but well defined (especially
in heels).

I don't think I'm beautiful, attractive would probably be the right term,
depending on what I'm wearing I can turn a few heads.  My face is slim, with a
small slightly upturned nose, nice eye brows (I don't even need to pluck them I
always loved the fact they are shaped so nicely), and long natural lashes and,
until recently, kept my pussy hair (I've got to stop with improper words) 
trimmed but now it is completely shaved as is my entire body from the neck down. 
My lips are full (on my face), very kissable I've been told by several people
and I always make sure I work my upper body, no flabby under arms as you see so
many women have and good chest muscles to support my breasts.

As for my other lips, well right now I don't think I want to look at them but if
I do say so my pussy is very attractive.  Take it from someone that has seen her
share of them, there are plenty of ugly pussies in the world.  I mean some women
have inner lips that literally hang outside their fat thick outer ones.  Others
have very dark lips and weird shaped inner lips.  Women may have to go around
showing how big there tits are but thank god some of them don't have to
advertise there cunts.

My pussy when not having been used and abused as much as it was yesterday has
extremely nice outer lips, just a shade darker then my nipples, the inner ones
are quite small and the skin is a healthy pink color.  When viewed it's a nice
clean slit, and my clit while sensitive and inclined to turn a dark pinkish red
when aroused is sized very nicely, growing out of it's sheath a good 1/8 inch I
would guess.  I do really believe if there were contests for good looking
snatches I'd be up there with the best of them.

Normally I have a nice tan, I don't need much sun to tan, and I don't really
believe in laying out there baking my skin a dark brown, just enough to look
healthy, by the way I do live in Southern Ca.  I enjoy a bit of cooking, enjoy
my work and have a good education and a family that fairly well off, mother died
when I was 3 and my father never remarried.

My life in general was one of being raised by a caring father who's business is
successful and thriving and could provide his only child with all the creature
comforts and advantages that can be bought.

My father was not on the other hand someone that spoiled his child.  Sure we had
help at the house.  A married couple named James and Martha Walters, they are
black and have worked as housekeeper/cook and butler/chauffeur for my father
since before I was born.  To be sure they always call him Mr. Schaffier and he
referred to them as James and Martha but I was taught to always refer to them as
Mr. and Mrs. Walters and they to me as Ms. Patricia.  On my twenty first
birthday Mrs. Walters informed me that I was now old enough to call her and her
husband by there given name, but I have never been able to do that and prefer
they still call me Ms. Patricia instead of Ms. Schaffier (by the way it's never
Patty or Pat, I do go by Patricia).

People might have expected me to be spoiled but my father saw to it that I
wasn't.  He told me when I was little that having money doesn't make you better
then anyone else, luck and fate provided me with a family that was successful
and I didn't have anything to do with it.  Using that luck properly was not
wrong, and taking advantage of it was not wrong either but to always remember
that just because someone didn't get that luck they were to be respected no
matter what social or economic level they happen to be in.

Given that attitude he had me  attended public school, even though most of my
father's friends children attended private one's.   He made sure I had the best
tutors he could find to educate me in areas where he felt the public schools
were deficient but public school was were I went all the way through high
school. 

He worked quite a bit and traveled but always made time for me.  He taught me to
play golf  and I have carried a single digit handicap since I was 14 or so.  He
also taught me to play tennis, to exercise properly, to respect all people and
not to be judgmental as to their personal choices in life.

He made sure I earned my allowance, my bedroom and bathroom were to be cleaned
by me not Mrs. Walters.  I was in fact assigned tasks to help Mr. or Mrs.
Walters with such chores as cleaning up around the house, washing the cars, and
assisting in doing the laundry, including ironing cloths and setting and
clearing the dishes from the table.  Of course what was assigned didn't take
that long but he felt I should learn to work for my money.

Most of my friends thought this was ridicules but my father's reasoning was that
he worked and paid for these people and they worked for HIM, not me, I simply
was lucky enough to be related to him.

Now I'm sure you're wondering why I'm boring you with my "wonderful" father and
family life, there is a reason for it, hang in and I think you'll find this
background makes sense.

I was brought up to respect people and to always do my best at what ever I did. 
To strive to be the best at it, his favorite saying was, "you will not win all
the time, in fact in general you lose more then you win but play to win, if you
lose then at least do your best and if you did the best you could then be proud
of that, no one can ask more of you".

Now as I've said my father felt that I be educated properly and Mrs. Walters did
teach me how to cook and sew and was the one that took me shopping for cloths
buying me my first bra and teaching me to sit like a "lady" (i.e. legs and knees
together even when wearing pants) but I was growing up to be a bit of a tomboy. 
Now father had great respect for Mrs. Walter's but even he knew that there were
things I should learn from somebody else and possible have a better role model
then our housekeeper.  So in his straight forward thinking he needed to find
someone to educate me in the areas he felt he lacked the proper knowledge. As I
mentioned my mother died when I was 3 and as I approached the ripe old age of 13
my father realized that there were some things better left to a women to explain
to me.




LEARNING THE FACTS OF LIFE

He settled on having Beverly Connelly be that person.  Now Dr. Connelly was a
well known gynecologist with a successful practice.  The Doctor is also a close
family friend and her husband a good golfing buddy of my father.  I had met Dr.
Connelly before, possible she was my mother's doctor but I don't really know.

Well my father tells me one day that he has made an appointment with her for me
and that she had some things to talk to me about, special things that are for
women only and other things that he felt she would be better able to explain to
me.  He told me not to worry, that I wasn't sick and that he would wait for me
in the outer office.  I don't believe that he EVER intended or knew what we did
together or what she was going to teach me and he was just trying to provide me
with information a mother would normally take care of.

The Doctor  was in her early 40's, I never have found out her age, she's 5-5 
and dressed as you'd expect, conservative skirt and blouse, low heels and white
lab coat with her  hair up in a bun at the nap of her neck.  At the time I
didn't consider her looks but so you know she was an attractive women, slim with
a look of sophistication in her dress and actions.  Her makeup and cloths were
well done and her manner professional, in fact the whole aura about her was on
of competence and authority. She had a nice figure, obviously by that age she
was working a bit harder to keep it trim and fit.

She greeted my father warmly pecking him on the cheek and welcomed me to her
office.  I was a bit nervous, it smelled like a doctor's office and that
generally meant shots and such so I wasn't the happiest child, but smiled
politely and shook her hand.  She had my father wait in outer office and then
led me to her private one.

She sat on the couch next to me and very carefully explained that what we talked
about and did was just between us, that it was special and that I was a very
lucky young lady to have a father that was good enough to look after my well
being so nicely.  Then she went on to explain that I was not to be embarrassed
about what we discussed (I had no idea what I was supposed to be embarrassed
about so that went over my head) and that if my mother was alive she would be
discussing these things with me.

 The Doctor then went on and for about an hour and lectured in very good detail
exactly what changes were going to take place in my body during puberty.  Now I
wasn't even aware of what puberty was until that moment but I had noticed the
bumps on my chest growing and had been made to wear a bra told not to go without
a shirt on anymore but prior to this I really thought it was just something Mrs.
Walters wanted.

Now I wasn't stupid, I noticed women and men looked different, dressed different
and was quite aware of the fact that when I played golf or tennis and beat boys
they didn't take it the same was as they did when there male friends did.  I
just never really connected the bulges in women's chests with something that was
going to happen to me.

Actually, except for the fact that she was a child molester, which I really
didn't appreciate until many years later, the information she provided was very
good and I think all girls should be told these things in the detail and
clinical way she did.  She explained to me about menstruation, how the egg
travels down, the reason for it and the bleeding once a month.  The difference
between men and women and how the egg is fertilized.  In general an interesting
and informative  explanation for the changes taking place during puberty, a
general description of how sex is performed and babies created and delivered. 
All of it sounded pretty interesting except the way the baby was delivered which
amazed me that it could come out from between my legs

After our conversation she invited my father in to the office and then I WAS
embarrassed because I now knew that he knew what we talked about.  Isn't
knowledge a wonderful thing, an hour before I was a naive little girl and now
with a bit of knowledge I was red faced just because my father entered the room
and I KNEW what he looked like without cloths on.

My father sat down with us and then told me that there were other things that
Dr. Connally and he had discussed about me and that I would be spending more
time with her from now on.  My thoughts at this time were , "great I get to sit
in a doctor's office and listen to this women, oh this is going to be fun".

Usually once or twice a month Mrs. Walter's would babysit me when my father went
out and if he was traveling on business the Walter's would stay at our house and
look after me.  I was now informed that from now on I would stay with the Doctor
during these times.  This would give her time to take me shopping to buy "women"
things (i.e. such as nice dresses, bras, panties, panty hose, shoes, makeup and
tampons when I started needing them).

All this was pretty natural and went well for several months and then I started
to have my periods.  Ms. Bess (what the doctor had me call her instead of Dr.)
was fun to be with and my initial thoughts were forgotten and given I didn't
have a mother it was nice.  One day I was dropped off at her office by my father
late on a Friday to spend the weekend with her (I later figured out that the
weekends my father was gone was when he dated and could spend time with lady
friends, I actually never met any of them until I was in college and my father
was a bit embarrassed when I confessed to him that by the age of 15 I knew why
he was away on weekends).

This day after her nurse left she explained to me that it was time again to
learn some "special" things since I started to menstruate.  She took me to an
examination room and had me undress and get on the table, given I was tall for
my age I actually did fit it.  I was REALLY embarrassed and must of been beet
red laying there naked and covering my privates.  She told me to lie back, not
to be ashamed of my nakedness as she smoothed the hair back on my head and told
me that instead of pictures she was going to show and explain to me about my
body and perform an examination that women need to have done to them.

She took it slow, telling me the purpose of my breasts (at 13 they were shaping
up nicely a large A cup by then) and nipples, softly tweaking each one making
them hard explaining how and why they harden.  Then she had me slide down the
table on put my feet in the stirrups (god you feel open and helpless, your legs
spread wide apart) and positioned a large mirror so I could see what she was
doing.

She carefully and slowly touched the outer lips, then gently spread them apart
so I could see the inner ones and the soft pink flesh of my vagina, of course
she told me the proper names for each of my parts.  Then she started to touch
the place just at the top of the slit, massaging it gently exposing the tiny bud
of my clit which she touched and rubbed which felt REALLY good.  I remember
laying there watching the mirror and watching her fingers and trying to keep my
hips still as she fondled me.

Then I saw her bend forward her head blocking my view and felt the soft touch of
her tongue on me and my hips jumped forward and I bumped her nose fairly hard. 
She sat up smiling, her soft fingers caressing the tender skin of my inner
thighs, then started kissing them softly.  I was starting to breath harder and
feeling this wonderful tingling between my legs and I was pushing my hips up and
forward so she would touch me there again.

She got up and took a belt from a drawer under the table and strapped it across
my me just above my hips securing my lower body so it couldn't move, then  used
two smaller ones to secure my feet to the stirrups.  She moved to my head,
kissing my lips, my tiny soft breasts and now hard and sensitive nipples,
whispering into my ear that she was going to teach me some new "special" things
but wanted me to lay still.  She then used another leather strap to fasten my
hands to the head of the table.

After that she started softly touching me, first with her fingers, running them
along my body, sometimes tickling me but most of the time arousing me and
filling me with new and exhilarating feelings.  Then she took out a long feather
and used it  along my sides, breasts, stomach and across my open pussy lips, up
and down each thigh and even between my ass cheeks across the tiny brown hole of
my ass, gently moving it across my body including my  toes.  Then Ms. Bess went
back down on me, kissing my pussy, licking my clit and even brushing her tongue
softly against my butt hole and in general doing a VERY good job of bringing a
13 year old girl to several hard loud orgasms.  I bucked and strained against
the straps, turning and tossing the best I could with the restraints holding me
fast.  As my first orgasm rushed upon me I felt it move across my pelvic area,
up across my stomach and cried out in this new found pleasure.

I know now and actually I think I knew then that this wasn't exactly what she
was supposed to be teaching me but it did feel so very good.  Actually I started
to enjoy being on the table exposed that way, and still do today. 

She released the straps from me, kissing me all over, touching me softly and in
general enjoying me as I lay there recovering from the orgasms and generally
enjoying the after effects of them.   She brushed back the sweat matted hair
from my forehead  then told me that I still needed to be taught some additional
things and did I want to learn them now, well of course I did, so she had me get
down off the table and kneel on the floor in front of an empty chair.

She undressed in front of me carefully placing her cloths on a chair.  I was
fascinated by her large breasts and nipples  and the dark brown nest of hair
covering her pubis which was in stark contrast to my very fine light brown hair
that has started to grow on me.  Her breasts  seemed huge to me but were in fact
c cup size, but her nipples were extremely large her aureoles a dark brown and
as large as silver dollars.

She sat in the chair spreading her thighs apart  and had me scoot forward
between her splayed legs then reached down and gently spread her lips apart and
I gazed for the first time into that intimate part of her body.  The lips were
darker then mine and the inside was opened up more, so I could see inside the
dark pink channel which already had a sheen from her arousal.  Miss Bess then
said it was time to see if I remembered my lessons.

"Now Patricia, what is this called", pointing to her outer lips.

I was staring at her open pussy trying to understand all that was going on. 
Kneeling on the cold tile floor I reached down and slowly stroked my wet slit. 
To be honest I wasn't paying a great deal of attention to her and my mind was
not focusing on the lessons she had so patiently given to me on anatomy.

Grabbing my hair and jerking my head up to look at her "Patricia, you will
answer me or be punished".

I mumbled something about  lips but really couldn't remember the proper name at
that moment, kneeling on the cold floor, naked with my hair and head being
pulled painfully  back and staring into Miss Bess's face that didn't seem so
soft and kindly at the moment.  I felt a tear start to roll down my cheek.

"No crying Miss, stand up, rest your forehead on the table and arms out from
your body palms up resting on the table top also, legs together, MOVE MISS".

I jumped up taking the position she told me to and waited, shaking a bit and
watching my tears fall to the cold tile floor.

"Now Patricia, I have spent time explaining you specific things, and I expect
you to remember them, your an intelligent young girl, and I will be teaching you
many things that are secret things between special friends.  But I do expect and
DEMAND that you pay attention and LEARN.  When you don't you will be punished,
do you understand little lady".

Trying to keep the trembling out of my voice I replied "Yes Miss Bess".  You
have to remember that my father never had punished me so I wasn't really sure
what to expect but knew that I wouldn't like it.

I felt her hand softly caressing my ass and thighs, "Well since this is your
first error it will only be 10 on your bare ass and thighs, and only with my
hand".

"You will count each one young lady, thanking me for each one, do you
understand".

My body was starting to tremble, it was hard keeping the position with only my
forehead to support myself and the position of my arms being most uncomfortable
since they were somewhat V shaped to get the tips of my fingernails of my
upturned hands to rest on the table and my shoulders were already starting to
ache from the strain of the unnatural position. "Yes Miss Bess".

"Good then I'll start", and with that I received my first punishment, ten on my
butt and thighs which turned them a nice pink, and stung quite a bit.  By the
time Miss Bess was done I was crying hard and my arms had moved to help support
my body better.  It wasn't the pain of the spanking making me cry, it was that I
had made Miss Bess angry and let her down being that she had spent so much time
teaching me.

"Now back down on your knees Patricia"

Sitting on my hunches, the skin of my butt feeling warm and prickly I looked up
again at Miss Bess.  She was smiling now, her soft caring face returning a large
smile at me as she reached down and dried my eyes.

"Now Patricia, you'll be a good girl and remember what your taught and the nice
things I did to you will be done again, but if you are not good then there are
other things that will be done to you, do you understand Patricia".

Sniffling back more tears I nodded my head yes.  The arousal I had felt had
vanished and but I wanted to please Miss Bess very much.

"Good dear", and with that she spread her legs apart and started out again. 
Pointing to various parts of her anatomy  I told her the name and function as
best as I could remember.  I did make some mistakes  and each time I did I had
to hold one of my hands out palm up and was given a firm swat with a small ruler 
across it.  In case you have no practical experience with  having your hands
spanked is fairly painful.  Then I was told the correct name and function of the
body part and the lesson went on.

When the lesson was done Miss Bess's pussy was wet, and I knew  that was her
sexual arousal as she carefully explained it to me, telling me I too got wet
when she was touching me.  She gently pulled my head forward, and I kissed her
pussy for the first time.  The scent was thick and musky but I enjoyed  the
closeness of being near her.

She instructed me on how to lick the outer lips from bottom to top then use the
tip of my tongue to separate them and move down to the bottom.  She had me
spread her lips apart, and lick the soft inner lips to the top and then to flick
my tongue across her clit.  I continued with my "lesson" for quite some time,
learning to suck her clit gently, to delve into her warm moist vaginal canal
with my tongue and taste her moisture.

She had me put two fingers inside her with my finger tips pointing up to the
roof of her vagina and finger her slowly until I found the little spot inside
her that excited her so much.  I continued to finger her and suck and lick at
her clit until my hand and face was shiny and coated with her juices.  When Miss
Bess could no longer hold back she had a long rolling orgasm as I continued to
pleasure her. 

"Stop.....stop now dear it's fine.............so very fine" as she gently took
my hand and mouth from her pussy.

My hands and face were gooey with her liquid and I had several hairs in my mouth
which I ungraciously spit on the floor and to look for something to wipe my
hands and face with to Miss Bess's displeasure.

"Patricia that is not the proper thing go do", taking my chin in her hand.  "You
will lean over young lady and lick that up from my nice clean floor".

My eyes widened as I heard her but her's narrowed so the contest was over before
it began and I leaned forward and pushing out my pink tongue licked up the pubic
hairs I could see.  I wanted to tell her that it wasn't all THAT clean since I
could taste a bit of grit as I did as I was told.

"Now Patricia, you clean your fingers with your mouth from all that wonderful
cream I've given you".  Now that wasn't so bad because I found the taste of her
to be very nice so I dutifully licked all the nice cream off my hands and
swallowed.

"Very good my precious little girl, that is what you do when you are given a
gift".

With that she pulled me up wiped my face clean and kissed me, working her tongue
inside my mouth.  Whispering softly into my ear and hugging me close "now
Patricia did we enjoy our lessons a bit more today".  "Oh yes Miss Bess", I
whispered back and I did enjoy it, well at least most of it.

"There are other things to learn Patricia and Miss Bess will teach you, doesn't
that sound enjoyable".

 "Yes Miss Bess it does" I replied looking down at the wet spot my tongue had
left on the floor and wondering what other things she had in mind.

With that settled we dressed and went out of the office and I started down a
road that has eventually led me to where this story started.

Miss Bess had a varied and mostly enjoyable curriculum for me even with the
punishments, which could vary from a very mild spanking to being restrained and
a belt or some other form of instrument being used on me to correct my mistakes.  
From Miss Bess I learned to provide her pleasures with hours of tonguing and
fucking using my fingers, dildos and vibrators of which she had a large
collection to choose from.  My lessons were not limited to just touching and
licking her though.

I learned to receive and give pleasure thru anal intercourse, and to properly
clean myself (i.e. enema's and douche's, Miss Bess did so like to give enema's). 
Miss Bess patiently taught me how to pleasure myself as she watched or some
selected friends scrutinized my activity.  She prepared me for anal intercourse
slowly by starting with small objects and working up to larger ones as I was
ready and ALWAYS made sure that  toys were properly cleaned by me after use.

By the age of 16 I was an accomplished provider of oral services to Miss Bess
and a selected few of her friends.  In addition to that skill I was able to get
various sized objects into my rectum after a bit of preparation to which I found
I particularly enjoyed.

Understanding what a virgin was and what an intact hyman meant was one thing but
the actual reason Miss Bess never took it away from me is a mystery I never got
an answer for.  She showed me the proper place inside on the upper side of the
vaginal cannel where it is the most sensitive (G spot) and she showed me how
pleasurable it was to touch.  She taught me to do my Kegal exercises three times
a day, something I didn't need at the time but still do it to this day, and the
reason for it.

Yet I was forbidden and so was everyone else, to ever penetrate me with
something long enough to break the hyman.  Fingers were fine and Miss Bess did
carefully use small objects on me but said that this was for the someone special
I would meet later on in life.  So I followed her instructions and came to think
of this little quirk of her's as "the virgin thing".

Unlike other girls my age (and boys I am sure) I was not taught that self
pleasure was wrong, only that it was to be done properly if you were going to
indulge in it.  I was not sexually active in junior high or high school as I had
no need to be.  Miss Bess was quite firm on the virgin thing and I didn't want
to displease her.  Besides, I had sexual satisfaction and the normal impulse of
teenagers to engage in sex didn't tempt me.




ROUNDING OUT MY EDUCATION

Now Miss Bess never let anything to chance and had me practice my oral skills on
dildos also. Not wanting me to grow up a confirmed lesbian or at least without
the ability to provide a full service.  She explained that later on I would be
with men and I would enjoy it  and that they enjoyed this particular act and so
should I.  Having been schooled in the anatomical structure of a penis and
through her instruction I practiced this particular skill with the same
diligence that I did the French, German, and Spanish lessons that she felt I
should take.

About six months after my sixteenth birthday I was scheduled to stay with Miss
Bess from Monday through the following Monday night as my father was away on a
business trip.  She informed me that she had "something special" to teach me
during that weekend.  I considered the possibilities but couldn't come up with a
plausible one so I just waited to find out.

Upon arriving at her home (when ever I was there for special activities her
husband was never present, where he was, what he was doing and if he knew what
was going on  I never discovered).  Miss Bess sat me down and explained to me
that even though she wished to teach me all the things I should know she was
going to rely on another person to assist her.  She said I was old enough and
developed enough now to learn a bit more about men and there pleasures.  By this
time my girlish figure had developed into the much more womanly shape it has
today.  My breasts had developed into the c cup I now have and my hips had
widened into maturity and given my height, with the proper makeup I could pass
for 21 years old.

Now this made my stomach churn, had she changed her mind about the "virgin
thing" finally.  To be honest I wanted to have vaginal sex since it seemed that
was the one thing I hadn't experienced yet but would NEVER try it without her
permission.  From the look of astonishment on my face she must have guessed what
I was thinking, "no Patricia THAT is not what you will be practicing".

Straight to the point she told me that oral sex can be practiced with a dildo
but to actually learn how to perform it properly you required a live person. 
The door bell rang and when Miss Bess returned she was accompanied by a tall
well dressed women with thick black hair that appeared to shimmer.

"This is Miss Gordon Patricia", I stood and held out my hand and stammered a
good day to her and she took my hand and shook it then replied with a smile
"hello Patricia".

Miss Gordon was stunning, dressed in a sheik green suit with off white silk
blouse a pearl necklace and matching bracelet, beige pumps with 3 inch heels and
hose.  Her hair was styled and moderately long.  Her nails while short were well
manicured and her makeup was picture perfect. She had a sexy Italian type
complexion and is a women that would turn heads no matter what she wore.

It must have been very apparent that I was trembling because Miss Bess put her
arm around my shoulders and said warmly but VERY firmly "now Patricia I have
packed what you need and Miss Gordon will take good care of you.  She has her
instructions and you will be all right and well taken care of nothing to be
nervous about".

I wasn't so reassured but Miss Bess looked over at Miss Gordon and said "you do
UNDERSTAND the instructions don't you".

Miss Gordon didn't look as confident as she did when she first walked in and
affirmed that she fully understood her instructions.

"Now dear get your bag and obey Miss Gordon and when you come back Sunday night
you'll tell me all about your weekend", kissing me gently on the mouth I was
escorted from the house, suit case in hand to Miss Gordon's waiting car.

It was a chauffeured vehicle, but not a big stretch limo, just a Lincoln town
car.  I wasn't particularly impressed since Mr. Walters drove us in an old
restored Cadillac limo on occasion that my father owned.  We didn't really talk
a lot on the way to our destination, I didn't want to bring up the subject with
the driver sitting there so we simply listened to the radio in silence. 

One meaningful act was done that has stayed with me to this day, Miss Gordon
offered me a cigarette and for no reason what so ever I took it and have smoked
ever since (Miss Bess was not pleased with this unforseen situation but she
really didn't make a scene of it).  It was probably obvious to her that I didn't
smoke much from my muted coughing but observing Miss Gordon smoking I attempted
to imitate her as much as possible.

We arrived about an hour later at a nice house in the Brentwood area of Los
Angeles, it wasn't as big as ours but it was surrounded by a high rock fence
with an automatic gate for entry and the driveway was circular so you could
drive in and out without turning around.

The driver opened our door's took my bag and led the way to the front door, I
hadn't noticed with him sitting in the car just how big he was.  He was well
over 6 feet tall and even in his suit he looked strong.  They left me in living
room with Miss Gordon informing me "there are drinks in the kitchen make
yourself at home kitten".  I don't have ANY idea where kitten came from but I
was kitten from then on.  Collecting a coke from the kitchen  and lighting
another one of her cigarettes I switched on the TV and waited for my next
"learning experience".

I knew quite well by this stage of life that all the things Miss Bess and
certainly Miss Gordon were doing were not normal things a mother would teach
their daughter, or for that matter anyone else.  This was really the only time I
contemplated reaching into my purse and calling my father on the cell phone and
telling him what was going on.  I was a bit apprehensive at the situation but
then again except for the punishment's Miss Bess had never really hurt me and I
did enjoy all that she was teaching me.

Miss Gordon came back with several video's  and popped the first one in the VCR,
sat down with her drink, lit a cigarette, leaned back on the couch and put her
head back exhaled slowly into the air (which I tried to copy and thought looked
incredibly sophisticated). "Now kitten I'm going to show you some video's of
women giving blow jobs and having sex so you can see just what this is all
about.  Now you aren't allowed to have sex, well that is something in your pussy
but oral is what going to be expected to learn.  When the video's are done Frank
(that was the drivers name) and I will help you practice OK, any questions".

Any questions, of course I had questions but I figured that I'd watch the film
first, Miss Bess always hated when I started asking questions before the verbal
part of the lesson was done.  "No Miss Gordon, not right now".

Well watching two hours of video's depicting women giving blow jobs and having
sex in various positions and orifices is actually pretty boring but Miss Gordon
provided me with a complete analysis of the action.  When the video's had 
finished Miss Gordon looked at me with what I thought was sad look in her eye. 
"Is everything OK kitten", stroking my cheek gently.

Holding her hand to my cheek and smiling back "yes Miss Gordon everything is
fine".

"Then kitten go to the bedroom on the left down the hall, your suitcase is in
there and the bathroom adjacent to it that is yours for the weekend.  Put your
things away, take a quick shower and then I'll come see you OK".

"Yes Miss Gordon", I was always taught to be polite and I went to get ready.

I opened my suitcase wondering what had been packed for me and found it had the
usual toiletries some skirts bathing suits and my sexiest underwear and a pair
of black 4 inch patent leather high heels.  Those I tried on since I had never
seen them before but then again Miss Bess knew my size so they fit.  Negotiating
the room took some practice but Miss Gordon came in and with some suggestions
and advice I was walking and swaying like a pro in short order.

Miss Gordon helped in putting away my things and admired the quality of my
lingerie, "very nice things kitten who ever pays for your stuff knows quality. 
Now go take a nice shower and I'll help with your hair and makeup".

A quick shower and as soon as the water was off Miss Gordon was in the bathroom,
she handed me a towel and as I dried off she started with what I assume could be
termed the first part of my lectures for the weekend.

"Ok kitten the first thing is to get your hair done, it should be loose no pins
or such".

Well my hair in those days came  to the center of my back and after drying it I
combed conditioner through it and dried and styled it.  "What about makeup,
what's appropriate Miss Gordon".

"Nothing heavy kitten, red lipstick will be fine, do you want me to do it for".

"No thanks Miss Gordon I know how to apply it myself".  Of course I had already
determined that Miss Gordon was a business women and good at her trade so to
speak, Miss Bess always found the best teachers for me so this wouldn't be an
exception.

I had come to the conclusion that Miss Gordon was of course a high class
prostitute, which surprisingly didn't bother me, in fact I was aroused thinking
that I was obviously going to be working for her this weekend.  After all I had
entertained a few of Miss Bess's friends and my thoughts were turning to the 
handsome men that would surely come calling on such a beautiful women.

Makeup done I came out and she had laid out a pair of sheer black stockings,
black matching garter, demi bra and french cut bikini panties all with lace
panels.  I carefully dressed, the expensive hose run so easily and although I
had several pairs packed for me I really don't like to be wasteful.  I walked to
the living room and found Miss Gorden smoking and watching TV, she was wearing
black stockings, black thong and a matching black corset with a shelf bra that
left her breasts exposed and lifted them very provocatively.  The corset was
sheer with lace trimmings and attached garters to hold up the hose.  She was
also wearing a short satin robe and her patent leather high heel shoes were
laying near by.  Of course I no longer looked sixteen years old.

"God she doesn't look sixteen to me" exclaimed Frank whom I'd forgotten all
about.

"Ekkkkk......" I nearly jumped out of my shoes and covered my breasts and pubic
area with my hands and arms blushing a red that matched my lipstick.

"Frank goddamn it I'll call you when I'm ready".

"Come with me kitten we do need to talk".

Back in the bedroom I sat on the bed holding my flushed face in my hands feeling
very foolish at my actions, "Miss Gordon I'm really sorry that I acted that way
please don't be mad".

Sitting next to me on the bed she placed her arm around my shoulders "kitten you
do understand what is .......... well what's  going on here and well", as I sat
looking at her she actually blushed, "well what I do I mean.... well did the
Doctor talk to you at all about this".

"Well she said to go with you and follow your instructions and that to for me to
learn how to provide oral sex to men from you.  Miss Bess always has teachers
come in and teach me things, generally she takes care of the sexual ones but she
said it was better for me to go with you.  Don't worry Miss Gordon Frank just
startled me and well......well to be honest I've only been with women".

Smiling and kissing me on the cheek "listen kitten if it wasn't me it would have
been someone else so I guess it's better it's me.  It doesn't look like you have
any more choice in the matter then I do and your taking it much better then I
expected".

"Well Miss Bess has been teaching me things since I was 13, I know it's not
.......well normal but just so you know I do enjoy it, or at least what's
happened so far".

"Ok kitten I guess I'll tell you what my instructions are, I'm a supposed to
teach you how to give head and if you want, but ONLY if you really want to then
you can have anal sex......but only if you want and if so only with the client's
I say to understand".

"Yes Miss Gordon, Miss Bess has used things in my butt and it feels good if not
pushed in to fast".

"Ok Kitten, but there is to be no sex.....well you know.......screwing .  Miss
Bess was VERY firm on that and NO ONE is going to disobey her so you take your
panties and put them on under the garter straps so they can't be slipped off
that easily.  That's the reason Frank is here to make sure no one tries to do
something like that.   Now I'd planned to have you practice on Frank first OK".

"Well I guess I have to have a first one from someone so he's fine".

"Ok Kitten I'll get him"

When Frank and Miss Gordon returned I stood and apologized for my outburst to
Frank.  "That's alright kid no problem", I think Frank felt more self-conscious
then me at that moment but that didn't stop his eyes from taking in the sights. 
At 16 I was full grown in all ways, my breasts were fully developed and the bra
I had on reveled as much as it concealed of my 36c breasts, my pubic hair was
trimmed nicely for bikinis but was hidden by the panties.  I think all three of
us felt a bit awkward at that moment.

Miss Gordon broke the spell by slipping out of her robe.  Her body was just as
beautiful as her face, her breasts while not large were well formed b cup size
and were beautiful and set high on her chest with exquisite dark pink nipples
and areolas.  Her body was slim and athletic and she only had a small black
horizontal line of pubic hair,  which you could see through the translucent
panties and I thought it was very sexy on her.

"Come her kitten, Frank get undressed and lay on the bed".

Frank was quite aroused by the time he lay down and I was looking at my first
REAL penis.  While Frank was a big man and muscular his penis wasn't as big as
some of the dildo's Miss Bess had, it was about seven inches long but not that
big around and he of course had hair covering his chest, legs  and testicles.  I
started to reach out and touch it but Miss Gordon brushed my hand away.

"Listen kitten there are some things that you need to know so if your going to
learn I might as well show you correctly from the start.  First thing you should
have a nice damp warm towel on the floor next to the bed, on the side away from
the door so get one now OK, not hot just warm water and ring it out so it
doesn't drip."

Returning with the towel Miss Gordon continued as I knelt on the other side of
Frank listening intently.

"Ok kitten take the warm towel and hold his dick and wash it off gently, right
just hold the end and start to wipe it off, look at him kitten, smile, lick your
lips but make sure you wash the head, shaft and balls and gently run your hand
along the shaft to keep his interest."

I followed her directions as she told me to gently holding Frank's penis with
two fingers at first.

"Don't hold it that way kitten, wrap your fingers around it, that's right now
lift his balls, have him spread his legs wider, that's good now wipe around his
thighs and lean forward and kiss them ...........ok kitten real good now hold up
his balls very gently and wash around them, yes down behind them
also...........good kitten really good.  Now go wet the towel again and try it
again, Frank you say something to her while she's practicing".

"For the love of god Laura do you expect me to lay here and watch you both while
you practice washing me".

"Frank you'll do EXACTLY as you were told to do and kitten you can call me Laura
also".

I washed Frank again, this time faster and with a more practiced hand making
sure the last place I cleaned was between his cheeks.  That was a bit
disagreeable as it left dark brown stains on the cloth.  Seeing that Laura
addressed the issue "listen kitten don't worry about that we have plenty and
we'll wash them all in the morning".

We had poor Frank get dressed and I practiced greeting him and Laura had me go
through the whole routine of taking his coat asking if he wanted a drink,
walking sexy as I hung his coat up, helping him get undressed in a sexy manner
like pulling down his underwear by holding the legs and just squatting down
letting my hair brush against his cock and my soft lips brush his chest and
nipples.  We went through the whole entry and washing routine and I was feeling
a bit sorry for Frank because he had lost his erection only to have it start up
again as we washed him. 

The fact is Laura and I were giggling like two school friends as she gave me
hints and told some stories and I now felt very at ease with her and Frank. 
"Kitten remember to offer some compliment to him, sound sincere and use your
finger tips to gently brush across his inner thighs and chest.

Finally we got down to business which I'm sure Frank was happy about.

"Ok kitten lets see if you do know something".  With that she attached a narrow
leather band around the base of Frank's penis.  "Damn is that really necessary",
to which Laura replied, "Frank you can take it off later but I don't have an
endless supply of cock's and I really want her to get some practice before
tonight".

Laura turned to me "it's so he doesn't cum kitten, when we're done I'll take it
off and let him OK".

With that I lowered my head and kissed the head of Franks now hard penis and
started my lessons under Laura's tutoring.  "That's right kitten kiss the head
softly, lick it.......right good job now lick down the shaft......lick up the
underside and flick your tongue across the head and .....right......good
............flick across the slit on the end".

"Well I guess the Doctor did give you basics because your doing fine, now look
kitten, brush your hair away from the side of your face that's toward the
client...err.....well".

Looking up at Laura I smiled "Laura I know what your business is and they are
your client's and I'll do my best not to disappoint you, Miss Bess or them".

"Ok kitten, I'm sure you won't now keep your hair from your face so the client
can see what your doing they enjoy that, that's right lick up and down the
shaft, the underside, right....god your either a natural or the Doctor's idea of
using dildo's to train you is a good idea.  Ok now the careful part kitten, kiss
his testicles gently, very gently you kiss and touch them, try to take one in
your mouth and VERY gently suck it kitten.  OK now make sure the shaft is nice
and slippery  with your spit so you can stroke it with your hand as you kiss his
balls".

"Ok now stop I want to show you a nice trick", Frank let out an audible grown
with that.

"Look kitten keep a nice glass of ice water handy, use your hand on his shaft,
that's it and take a bit of ice in your mouth and suck it so it cools the inside
of it and your tongue, right then drop it back in the glass and take his cock in
your mouth now that's it's cool..............right kitten".

As my cool tongue and mouth engulfed Franks cock he let out a low moan and I
sucked his cock, trying to get it down to the base.

"Good job kitten, tilt your head ......right get the angle correct and it's not
that hard, relax your throat........right then up and stroke
it.........right............now the tongue again........good .......right kitten
your doing a great job.....purr again deep in your throat...then suck gently as
you come up and roll your tongue across the head of it".

"Hon if you do it this good the first time your not going to have any problems,
christ with just a bit more experience you'd make a fortune doing this.  Now
purr deep down in your throat as you take it in all the way.....right that's
right", Laura gently stroked my throat as she instructed me and I felt myself
becoming aroused and wet as I knelt there sucking Frank.

So Laura coached me in the finer points of sucking cock and Frank did finally
get the strap taken off so he could cum in my mouth which I did choke on so
Laura gave me a few hints on how not to have it so deep in my throat when it
happened and how to prepare for it by sensing the man's reactions.  She taught
me to clean off the client with another warm wash cloth and to kiss and lick
their thighs a bit but to generally get them up and dressed and headed for the
door as quickly as possible.

She taught me some other tricks also, like don't pour a large or strong drink,
one they'll sit there and drink it and second it impedes there ability to get
off.  Another thing was not to let them hold your head or hair, if they started
to then brush them away with your hand gently as you brush your hair back. 
Don't make it obvious buy if that doesn't work then pull off them and move
around to the other side but it wasn't a good idea to let them get a grip on
your hair.

After a quick clean up Laura and I had a drink, me a small one and another thing
I came back from that weekend with was a taste for whisky and soda. 

She showed me how to get my bra off in a sexy smooth way with one hand still
stroking the penis and the other unsnapping the bra all the while looking sultry
and sexy.  She showed me how to use my nipples on the head of the cock once it
was nice and wet and how to get in position to squeeze my breasts together and
rub the penis between them.

Another important lesson was how to make sure the client didn't get off to
quick.  This one again used the ice but I held the cube in my hand to cool it
then cradled the client's balls in my hand to "cool there ardor" as Laura
laughing called it.  Practicing this on Frank was actually quite funny as when
your hand is to cold it tends to have a dampening effect on them.  This part of
the lesson was defiantly not Frank's favorite but after some practice and using
my inner thigh to test how cold my hand was it seemed to work out fine.

I started thinking of Laura as more of a friend during that weekend, but she
told me in no uncertain terms that the only way I would ever see her again was
if the Doctor allowed it.

"Now kitten the important thing to remember is your only half the show....what I
mean is you and maybe me will suck him hard but when it comes time for screwing
that's my job, the Doctor was VERY strict on this.  Now when the time comes I'll
give you a sign and you back away and I'll take over.  You can watch but that's
all, then you can help clean him off, understand".

"Yes Laura...well if ....if I decide that I want the other ...........you know
in my butt what should I do".

Smiling and kissing me lightly on the cheek Laura responded, "listen kitten if
you want that why don't we save it for Frank, I don't want any accidents with
one of these men, it would be safer that way so we'll just save that OK".

Smiling and looking into Laura's lushes brown eyes I agreed and we finished our
drinks and smoked.

As for the handsome men, well they were middle age at best and to be brutally
honest I'd have much rather just pulled it out of their zipper as naked they
weren't an appetizing sight.  The most that showed up in any given night was six
and Laura took care of the money end and her explanation of me was that I was a
visiting friend.

It actually was fairly repetitive work, invite them in, compliments on how we
looked, I make the drinks and into the bedroom.  I took care of the initial work
of getting them hard, which was quite a task for one or two of them and Laura
had sex with them.  I was allowed to watch and in addition to learning several
practical positions for sex found that I also learned a great deal about how to
be an actress.

After the first night's work was completed around 1:00 P.M. Laura and I took a
quick shower and then went out to the pool for a swim.  I was wearing the bikini
that was packed for me but Laura was naked in the pool.  "Don't bother kitten no
one can see", so I dropped the suit and dove in.

We swam around and splashed at each other for a time then after a dozen laps or
so we rested on the pool steps letting the warm water take the days tension out
of us.  I was gazing at her face, her hair wet and plastered down, no makeup and
still found her beautiful.

Laura observed me looking at her and placing her hand on my cheek kissed me
lightly on the lips and sighed, "I'm tired kitten I think it's time we got some
sleep OK".

My expression must have shown my disappointment as Laura smiled softly at me I
answered that would be just fine.  "How about a nice massage Laura, I'm pretty
good at it".

"Ok kitten, let's go back in the house".

Once inside and dried off Laura lay face down on her bed, stretched out like
that I admired her as I brought in some body oil I'd warmed up and body lotion. 
I knelt on the bed and poured the oil onto her back, smoothing it around and
started to massage her shoulders, arms, lower back and finally her butt.

As I progressed down Laura visibly relaxed and murmured how good it felt.  Her
body was firm and I enjoyed massaging her thighs and worked down to her calves
and then to her feet.  I took my time, again Miss Bess had a professional
masseuse teach me and I'd done this many times for her in the past.  It was the
one time I was actually in control of what was happening yet I always felt I was
doing it to please them.

"Ohhhhh god kitten that's wonderful, I suppose the good Doctor saw to your
lessons in this also".

"Yes Laura she did, would you like to roll over so I can do the front or just go
to sleep".

"Mmmmm............no the front kitten.........please", she answered in a soft
voice.

I massaged her thighs, arms and applied the warm oil to her breasts and admired
how her skin glistened with the thin coating of oil on her body.  I massaged the
inside of her thighs knowing that she had used them quite a bit during the night
and her moans intensified  and her hips pushed up towards me as her legs parted
more then necessary for me to do my work.

Her eyes were half shut and she opened them smiling at me, she took my hands in
hers and I lay down next to her and we kissed.  Our tongues probed the inside of
each other's mouths and her body was slick as I ran my hands down her back and
the oil moistened my skin as our fronts touched.  She pushed her pelvic area
against mine and we rubbed and pressed them against each other the oil making
the skin slick (something else she taught me).

Our hands roamed each other softly, reaching inside of each others thighs we
slowly stroked each other, both of us knowing quite well what was needed.  I
sucked her hard nipples, nipping them with my teeth and worked down to her
almost shaven pussy and kissed the outer lips delicately as I assumed she might
be sore from the nights work.  Her pussy smelled clean and fresh from her shower
and I only had a momentary thought of what and who had been there just hours
earlier then parted her lips and licked up her moist slit.

Her clit pushed up and I sucked it, then licked the entire length of her lips,
letting my tongue push gently inside and taste the warm sweet juice that was
there.  Her moans grew louder and her legs parted fully to allow me access.  I
didn't try to put my finger inside her feeling that she would probably had
enough of that tonight.  I simply kissed and licked her clean shaven lips and
sucked her clit until Laura's hips bucked up and her legs grasped my head.  Her
hands entwined into my hair and with a audible groan Laura's orgasm rushed over
her.

As her bucking stopped and she released me I started to get up to wash my face
as Miss Bess always had me do that.  "No kitten........don't go..........". 
Taking hold of my hand Laura pulled me to her and kissed me deeply, licking her
own juices from my face.  I could feel a tear run down my cheek.

Looking at me Laura asked, "why the tears kitten.....".

"I've always had to wash right afterwards and only Miss Bess kisses
me...........", turning my head away, "but not like you just did".

Taking my face in her hands she kissed me again, then proceeded to pleasure me
like no one had before.  Yes I'd had physical orgasms but this was different, so
very different and as we lay in each other's arms and feel asleep I was thinking
that Laura might be that special person Miss Bess had talked about.

The rest of the weekend went very well, Laura and I actually made a pretty good
team.  We even put on a show for several of the client's, the two of use kissing
and touching while they watched and one of them couldn't be held back and came
in my mouth so Laura didn't have sex with him.

One client was oriental and Laura had me dress as a school girl with pig tails,
a short plaid skirt, white blouse and plain white panties, knee socks and black
and white saddle shoes.  She had coached me on what to do and the client had me
confess to not doing my homework and spanked me which sent a warm tingle washing
through my pussy and my panties were wet when he was finished.

He's the only one that gave a bit of trouble and Frank did come into the room. 
He wanted to fuck me and started to pull my panties down when Laura, who was
dressed as I was but definitely didn't look as young as I, came over to pull me
away and take over.  Instantly Frank was in the room and I was dumped on the
floor as the "gentleman" jumped up.

Frank just stood there looking larger then usual as I looked up at him.  With a
not so friendly smile stated he made a simple statement, "some it is not for use
just show........understand".

The client apologized and I scampered out of there and he left several minutes
later.

Laura and I did enjoy each other during the day and she was a wonderful lover
and there was no acting on either of our parts during that time.

On Sunday night Frank brought me back to Miss Bess's home and I gave her a
detailed  report on what went on.   Before Frank and Laura were allowed to leave
Miss Bess did check me to see that I still was intact.

I did visit Laura once more before I left for college  and again we had a
wonderful time with each other even if the "work" was boring but our act
together did improve with practice.  Frank did finally use my butt and it felt
different and much more arousing then having an inanimate object or fingers used
in me.  When he came inside my ass while my clit and pussy were being attended
to by Laura, while I did the same to her and I had the most wonderful orgasm.

One particular act we did which always was enjoyed by the clients was Laura
straddling him with his cock deep inside her and me facing the client feet on
either side of him.  I'd bend forward at the waist so Laura could lick me and
I'd  kiss his cock as she rose up and also lick her clit while my long hair
brushed against his chest and stomach.




OTHER TIMES WITH MISS BESS

I did date of course but never contemplated intercourse with any of them.  Miss
Bess did inform me that the boys I was dating would not want to engage in anal
intercourse as they wouldn't understand and that unless she gave me permission
oral was not allowed.

I guess I was known in high school as miss goody goody but that didn't bother
me.  I competed in competitive swimming, track and golf and generally enjoyed my
school days.  Only once did I get into a bit of a bind.  I was on a date and it
got a bit further then I had intended with kissing and all.  He had managed to
get his hand under my dress and finding I was wearing a garter and stockings
instead of panty hose he quickly took advantage of the situation to start
groping my pussy.

He was a bit rough, not on purpose but through ineptitude so he was not arousing
me a great deal.  On the other hand HE was aroused and had put my hand on his
crotch so I could feel "his thing" as he called it.

Well he was hard and he was asking for me to touch him and trying to get inside
my panties with his fingers.  I had these wild thoughts of putting his penis
inside me and putting an end to this virgin thing of Miss Bess's but a cold fear
of what she would do stopped me and I'd NEVER convince her that he was that
"special person".  He was getting a bit out of hand so I had to think of
something.

I got his pants open and his penis out, which was only about 5 inches, and
quickly lowered my head to it.  I started softly licking the head, tasting the
sticky pre cum leaking out of it.  I didn't have a warm towel but figured this
wasn't "business" so I licked down the shaft, then up the underside when he
erupted in a white gush of cum that splattered his shirt.  I took his now soft
penis in my mouth and sucked out the last of his cum, licking up the mess on his
cock.

He was as red as a cherry and I kept my head down so he couldn't see me smiling
at what had happened.  He quickly got his thing put away and he took me straight
home with neither of us speaking to each other.  He never asked me out again and
seemed to try to keep his distance from me, thank god it was my senior year so I
didn't have to see him for very long in the halls at school.

I knelt in front of Miss Bess and confessed what had happened.  She was upset
but not as angry as I thought she'd be.  She was understanding of the situation
and even laughed at the boys inability to sustain himself.  My punishment was
actually light and consisted of cold showers for the weekend I stayed with her.

Miss Bess really became angry only once during my time with her.  I was spanked
with both hand and belt made to stand naked in a corner but the spankings
weren't generally that hard and I found the feeling of being punished actually
pleasurable and it generally sent a nice tingling feeling radiating up inside
me.  What was really punishment was that I had failed to please Miss Bess, I
would rather be punished then not please her.  Only once did I really get
punished in anger for something.

That was when Miss Bess and two of her friends were at her house enjoying
themselves and me.  When people think of children being molested it is generally
by men, but women do in fact practice it.  One of her friends wanted me to lick
her ass and stick my tongue inside her, which wasn't the problem.  I had been
taught to do this and didn't mind it but the fact that she had a large ass that
was quite hairy and she wasn't particulary fastidious regarding personal
hygiene.

I balked at it and if I would have quietly told Miss Bess the reason why I'm
sure I would have been allowed to clean her with a damp cloth.  But at 15 and
being actually bored trying to get this overweight housewife, with the hairiest
pussy and ass crack I'd ever seen, off so they would leave I could do something
much more fun I simply told her to "learn to wipe your ass properly and I will"
in a loud contemptuous voice.

Miss Bess was furious, she moved faster then I could have ever suspected and
grabbed my pony tail, pulling me over on my back and literally dragging me over
to an empty chair.  I was screaming and trying to roll away and the truth be
known I was big enough and in good enough shape to have probably been able to 
physically protect myself though I was not mentally prepared to do so.

I was yanked to my knees with quite a bit of my weight being held by my hair and
she slapped me hard across my face several times, which would have knocked me
down if I wasn't being held up by my hair.  The pain from the slapping and the
shock of it since she had never done it before was bad enough but the look on
Miss Bess's face would have frozen water.

"You fucking ungrateful bitch", she spat at me holding my face just inches from
hers as she shook me by my hair.  "You insult my friends after all the things I
have done for you".

By this time I was crying and struggling to pull away and protect my face and
trying to apologize all at the same time.  The pain from my scalp was horrendous
and my face felt like hot water had been thrown on it and tears and snot were
running down my face.

I was thrown onto my back and Miss Bess stood over me, panting and trying to
control her anger as best she could but her face showed an anger that I felt
would melt my soul.  I laid there and curled into a fetal position, covering my
face and crying and gulping for air.  I heard the other ladies voices but was
too shocked to be able to comprehend much of what they were saying but the gist
of it was that I wasn't very well trained.

I was ordered up from the floor and when I wasn't as quick to move as expected I
was kicked hard in the stomach by the women I had offended.  The two women
pulled me to my feet and held me up as I was trying to catch my breath, holding
my arms behind me and pulling my red tear stained face up to meet Miss Bess's
icy stare.

She grabbed my by the throat and holding me firmly put her face inches from
mine, "your going to regret humiliating me in front of my friends you little
cunt", and with that she spit into my face and told the women to bring me to the
dining room.

Without much talking I was tied face down across the dining room table, legs
spread wide and my ankles and wrists encircled with leather cuffs.  The cuffs
were then secured to the table legs with rope leaving me laying across the table
with my arms and legs held tightly and my pubic bone resting against the edge of
the table.

With that done each friend was allowed to give me twenty strokes with a belt
across my ass, back and thighs, with each stroke I was to thank them and beg to
be allowed to lick there ass holes.  I was crying out for them to please stop,
that I would do anything they wanted me to do.

The two of them took there sweet time to give me the forty total strokes, it
wasn't a wap wap wap, but smack and a long wait before the next one.  I bucked
pulled at my bonds and was desperate to ease the strain on my shoulders and
hips.  Each stroke brought a searing pain to my body that seemed to run right up
to my brain.  It felt like fire each time the belt landed on my unprotected
flesh.

Sometimes they would land one exactly in the same spot which, would magnify the
pain from the first one, other times it would be my ass then back so I never
knew where the belt would land.  Several of the strokes landed on the inside of
my thighs and caught my outer lips and there were even some aimed at my
defenseless pussy which caused me to scream out but mostly I grunted and groaned
between each stroke praying they would finish up as I tried to thank them
properly after each stroke.

When they were done Miss Bess had them spread my ass cheeks painfully apart and
using a small leather whip painfully and expertly used it on the  tender area
between my cheeks, making sure that she worked the whip down the passage and
landing many of them directly on my sensitive and now burning ass hole and
pussy.  I'm not sure how many times she did this but I was thrashing around and
crying and begging her to stop.  Begging to be allowed to satisfy them in any
imaginable way I could.

Finally her angered abated, I was left on the table for several hours and when I
was released I slumped to the floor and tried to massage my tender hot ass.  I
was ordered to my knees, then very dutifully begged to be allowed to clean the
persons wonderful crack and shit hole.  As they watched I knelt down between
those two huge white cheeks, spread them apart and looked at her hairy ass crack
and dark brown hole.  I then proceeded to give her the  tonguing of my life,
making sure I licking her hairy butt hole, sticking my tongue as deep inside as
I could and tasting her shit and sucking and licked between her cheeks and all
over her rancid cunt.  I gagged on the taste but spent at least forty five
minutes at my chore while she grunted and came covering my face with her sticky
mucus.

When they left Miss Bess had me shower in cold water which seemed to sooth the
pain in my back but my muscles still felt sore from being tied up and my tongue
and jaw were quite sore from my oral activity.

She took me to her room and laid me face down on her bed and used some cream to
cover my ass back and between my cheeks.  I winced at her hands touching me but
the cool cream felt good after awhile.  Miss Bess talked to me in her soft voice
assuring me that she loved me and that what I had done was not proper conduct
for a young lady in my position.  I apologized between sobs and told her how
sorry I was that I had humiliated her in front of her friends.

That night she had me stay in her bed and held me close to her kissing my neck
softly and even though my pussy was sore she gently rubbed cream on it and I had
several small orgasms.  I would have thought my back was scarred for life but
the next day most of the redness was gone and there were only some very thin
lines where the edge or tip of the belt left a mark.  My butt hole was still
sore the next day and my pussy were red and swollen a bit but that also went
away and within three days there wasn't much left to show for what I had went
through. 




MISS BESS'S TRAINING IS NOT ALL BAD

Now I was taught to not judge people and you've probably gotten a wrong
impression about Miss Bess.  It was not all sex and punishment, if you leave
that aspect of the relationship out it was really a good thing.

She took me shopping and bought me the most wonderful lingerie you could
imagine.  Now most young girls get white and pink cotton bras and panties with
little flowers on them, not me.  She shopped at only the best department stores
and shops.  Victoria's Secret, Givanachi, Vassarette, Nordstoms, Neiman Marcus
and the like.  Normally no one buys that expensive lingerie for a young girl, or
even a teenager except for a few pieces, since you tend to grow out of them so
fast.

Not all of them were sexy at first but as I got older they became more so and in
any event they were NICE  believe me when I say I was the envy of every Jr. High
and High School girl in my gym classes.  I had french cut panties, thongs, and
ALL of them were color matched with my bras, that is they were always purchased
in a matching set and HAD to be worn that way.  Now I know most women get
dressed in the morning and do not purposely match their bras and panties but I
was TAUGHT to and still do to this day.

It was a punishable offense to be caught with a miss match, even if I was
wearing jeans.  Now Mrs. Walters wasn't as pleased with these selections but
except for a few comments to me she never made much of it.  I did have some
plain, that is sturdy, cotton panties and regular bras for sports and such but
they were still expensive.  The down side to such expensive lingerie is that it
has to be hand washed so every Sunday morning I'd wash what I'd worn that week
and lay it out to dry in my bathroom, the Walter's were off on Sunday so I
didn't have to worry about Mr. Walter's seeing them or Mrs. Walter's raised
eyebrows.

Of course my clothes were purchased at all the proper places, they weren't all
flashy and sexy, at least not the ones I brought home, but expensive and again
not something that you purchase all of your daughter's cloths in since you grow
out of them.    As I outgrew the cloths she had me offer them to Mrs. Walters,
who always took them, so someone else could get use out of them

When it came time to start wearing hose it was again only the best, now bras and
panties that cost upwards of $30 and more each at least have a long life but
hose!!!!.   The normal ones you purchase at a store such a Leggs and such last
longer but are not as sheer.  Well Miss Bess made sure I wore ONLY the best, my
god at anywhere from $18 to $25 a pair you don't really get much use out of
them.  If you weren't careful you didn't even get out of the house without
running them so most women don't wear the real expensive ones everyday. 

I learned to keep two or three in my purse at all times because if Miss Bess
found me with a run it was not particularly pleasant.   Of course it wasn't only
panty hose, she made sure I had thigh highs and stockings with matching garter
belts and bras.  Miss Bess made sure if the garters and bras were not the same
color as the hose they were at least properly color coordinated .  She was quite
a stickler that I dress properly even if no one else would see.  Even to this
day I generally buy the expensive ones though on occasion I have conceded to
wearing "normal" hose for work.

As for makeup I was tutored by a professional makeup artiest, no playing in
mom's makeup and smearing it all over my face.  Nor was I taken to one of those
women that work at a department store.

I was taught the proper way to apply makeup, how to choose the proper colors for
my complexion.  Makeup is different for different occasions and for different
times of the day and I was taught how and when to wear it properly.  Now it is
good to know this but at times it was a great deal of trouble to sit and do my
makeup for a dinner engagement, then told to wash it all off and do it for work
at an office, or for a casual lunch then remove it all and apply the proper
amount for a Sunday brunch, your face gets sore from all the touching and
rubbing but I sat through my lessons and practiced my makeup skills until Miss
Bess was satisfied.

Then again I was  VERY popular when a big date or prom or such came up, even in
college.  First thing was I had the BEST makeup you could buy and second I knew
how to put in on properly.  So my friends anyone they knew would always be
welcome if they needed help.  The only draw back was that most of the time they
would have to bring their own makeup as all mine was for my complexion and it
didn't go well with a blonde or red head.  They didn't mind bringing it but if
it was only second rate then I would grumble that for all the trouble they could
at least buy some good stuff.

It was really the same with all that was taught me, hair grooming, how to walk,
how to dress for various occasions and what hair style would look best.  Miss
Bess also made sure I had proper cooking lessons, dancing lessons and training
in judo, karate, kick boxing and boxing.  Now that I thought was strange but she
advised me that I needed to be able to take care of myself.

Yes, Miss Bess did take advantage of a situation to gain a sexual advantage on a
young girl, but then she did provide me with a great deal of other things.  Of
course I did enjoy it with her, at least most of the time.




COLLEGE PART 1

I graduated high school at seventeen and Miss Bess had thought about the matter
of my attending college.  She took me to her office and explained that while at
college I would probably find someone that I wanted to have sex with so she
provided me with birth control shots.  They're much better then the pill as you
just get a shot ever three months and don't have to remember to take your pills.

She understood we wouldn't be able to get together as much as we used to and
told me she was going to miss me.  I hadn't thought about not seeing her at
least one week out of a month and I cried and told her I would miss her so very
much.  She comforted me and assured me there would be time together but now was
the time to start a new phase of my life so to speak.  She informed me she would
always be there for me to call if I had any problems, or just to talk, and that
she'd help me in any way she could

The college I attended is in Southern Ca. but father felt it was better to stay
there during the week in a dorm.  His reasoning was that I didn't seem to be
assertive as I should given my grades and what he felt were my natural abilities
and he felt if I was away from home I would develop that part of my personality. 
Miss Bess agreed and talked to me about joining a sorority, I rushed for several
and settled on one that didn't consist of a group of rich spoiled girls.  I was
accepted by three but settled on one that seemed to have a nice mix of people
and I started to pledge for it.

Now pledging was to last six weeks and then we would be full members.  As
pledges we had to live at the house and sleep in an upstairs attic area.  It
wasn't to bad, the cots were low to the ground,  a bit harder then I would have
preferred  and it was communal living at it's best.  Now I had always had my own
room but of course was accustomed to being undressed in front of others so that
didn't bother me much.

The bathroom and shower was like in a gym, open including the toilet, one toilet
and sink for three girls to use.  The toilet was built low to the ground and
required an uncomfortable squat to sit on and your knees splayed wide apart when
you used it just as if you were having a pelvic exam since your butt was much
lower then your knees.  Having long legs was not an advantage at this time   The
three of us in my pledge group decided it was for only six weeks so we would
manage.

After we had moved in we had to attend a swearing in ceremony the first night. 
We were told to shower, do our hair and makeup and put on these white satin
capes which was all we were allowed to wear.

We were led to the basement of the house and taken into a large room lighted
with candles.  We knelt on the floor to await the other members.  Kneeling there
naked on the cold cement floor with just the soft feeling of the fabric against
my skin was arousing and my thoughts drifted off to Miss Bess.

Finally all 30 members assembled, wearing dark blue capes but they had shoes on
but nothing else underneath.  The president of the sorority and the other
officers stood in front of us wearing red capes instead of blue ones. 

"Sisters we are gathered here to determine if these pledge candidates should be
allowed to pledge into our order of sisters, is there anyone that objects to
this"

"Fine, the pledge mistress will advise the pledges candidates of there
requirements to join our sisterhood".

Stepping forward the pledge mistress was a red head named Pamela who we had all
met during the rush.  She was 5-6, well built with b cup breasts, delicate
features and had pale skin that looked as if would burn in two seconds if she
went out in the sun.

"Pledges candidates understand that all that transpires is secret and any
disclosure of our ceremonies will mean expulsion from the house and exposer of
the secrets you revel to us".

Now the part regarding revealing secrets sent shivers up my spine and I am sure
had the same effect on other two as well. 

"Any pledge candidate the does not complete the answering ceremony by failing to
answer all questions posed or by leaving the room will be required to pack their
belongs and be gone from the house this very night".

"Now as your names are called you will stand, reveal yourself and answer all
questions posed to you, any hesitation will be dealt with by assigning demerits,
if any of you wish to leave you may, if you complete the answering ceremony you
will become pledges for the term of six weeks and are expected to follow the
sisterhoods requirements, do any wish to leave".

The requirements of the sisterhood weren't clear to us  yet but we were already
told that everything that was said during the answer period would be recorded
then transcribed and we would be required to sign the document.  No one said
they wanted to leave but if one had chosen to I think ALL us of would have.

"Pledge candidate Barbara rise and step forward".

I watched as she walked to were the pledge mistress and officers were standing.

"Drop your robe pledge candidate Barbara, reveal yourself  and prepare for the
questioning".

I could see her trembling and for a few seconds I really believed she would
leave since I could hear her muted sniffles as she stood near me.  As for me I
was feeling quite aroused and could feel the moisture between my legs and hoped
that no one would notice when my turn came.

Dropping her cape on the floor Barbara stood there, she was 5-4, fair skinned,
black hair that came to the nap of her neck and her pubic area was covered with
a thick mat of black pubic hair.  She was not in particulary good physical
condition with heavy thighs and a bit of a pouch at her stomach.  Her breasts
were full c cups with a bit of a droop to them, with large dark colored nipples. 
I wondered what she'd look like at forty and guessed she wore modest one piece
suits given the state of her pubic hair.  She stood with slightly drooping
shoulders and her hands came up to cover her pubic area and breasts.

"Reveal yourself pledge candidate", and with that she dropped her hands to her
sides and stood with her eyes looking at her feet.

"Who is first with the questions" the Pledge Mistress inquired as the ceremony
started.

The questions seemed to start the same for all of us but as they continued
different ones were added by everyone in attendance.  They started with weight,
bust size, what day of the month we started our periods, tampon or napkin, birth
control method and numerous questions related to our sexual  history and various
other intimate details which required full disclosure .  They wouldn't settle on
simple answers but wanted full graphic details, when, with who, where (that is
oral, vaginal or anal) how long, etc..  By the time Barbara was done she was
reduced to tears and had earned 10 demerits.  Of course comments on the various
answers were encouraged by the Pledge Mistress.

"Has your boyfriend engaged in oral sexual contact with you pledge candidate
Barbara".

"Yes Pledge Mistress"

Her answer was of course followed by catcalls from the gathered such as "how
many hairs did he swallow", "did you give him something to clean his teeth with
when he was done", "how did he find it", and so on. 

Now pledge candidate Teresa was about my height with straight blonde hair that
was below her shoulder length with beautiful pale skin and a slim figure with
absolutely no breasts, I mean breast implants were MADE for her, I don't think
she was even a full a cup and she was crying before she stood for questioning. 
By the time she finished her makeup was almost washed off and she had snot
dripping on the floor.

Of course we were not provided tissues or allowed to reach up and wipe your nose
or eyes and as I said we had to put on full makeup before the ceremony started. 
If you reached up to try and wipe some of the mess off your face more demerits
were added.   We later learned demerits were equated with how many swats you got
on settlement night or could be worked off in some other manner depending on
your administrative sister who we would be assigned to later in the evening.

Settlement night was Friday after dinner.  Everyone gathered in the basement and
you were required to read out your demerits in front of the assembled sisters
while naked.  Then you were allowed to bend over an old metal beer keg and
"allowed" to ask to have your demerits reduced.  They did have one rule about
swats, you couldn't receive more then 30 at any one settlement, but any that
were not worked off carried over to the next week until the end of pledge time.

"Bra size Pledge Candidate Teresa"

"34 Pledge Mistress". To which Pledge Mistress replied, "improper answer pledge
1 demerit".

"34a Pledge Mistress" Teresa answered knowing full well what was to come.

"With how much padding", "She wouldn't know what size she's never bought one",
"training bra's don't have cup sizes", which cut me to the bone, women can be
VERY heartless.

"Have you wiped properly after your last bowel movement pledge candidate
Teresa".

"Yes Pledge Mistress", Teresa answered but she was starting to lose it and I
think everyone sensed it at that point.

"Bend forward at the waist pledge candidate Teresa so the truthfulness of your
answer can be verified"

This was the last straw for her, she completely broke down at this point,
falling to her knees covering her head with her hands and burying her face
against her knees and crying out "no more.............please
...........no...........no...please I can't".

At this point someone called out "Stop, this pledge candidate has passed the
answer test and will be admitted as a pledge to the sisterhood". 

No one said anything and two robbed sisters helped Teresa back to where Barbara
and I were kneeling.  I later found out this was Mary Beth who spoke up and she
would end up being an important part in my life during my college years.

Now I think going first is best since you have no idea what is going to happen,
second isn't so bad but being last is the worst.  You watch them and think, "I
can do better", or "thank god it's not me", but you know the crowd is warmed up
really well now and can smell blood in the water.  It was also terribly  nerve
wracking, besides my legs were getting cramped from kneeling so long so I was
actually grateful when my turn came.

I hedged of course on the details of sex part quite a bit but admitted to oral
sex with two men and being with a woman before,  leaving out all the details and
just hitting the high points of my previous adventures.  When I admitted to
being a virgin (none of the other's were but Barbara had only been with one
person her current boyfriend) there was a general air of disbelief .

Of course by the end of my questioning period I was in just a bit better shape
then Teresa since I hadn't completely broken down but hadn't fared any better
then Barbara.  My face was a mess and snot and tears had dripped onto my breasts
and I wanted to crawl into a hole and die.

I did at least past the truthfulness test as to my ability to wipe myself
properly having had to bend fully at the waist with my legs spread and holding
my ankles.  Then carefully reaching back and spreading my cheeks and wiping
myself with a baby wipe, that was ice cold, then holding it in my teeth so that
my various new friends could walk by and attest to the accuracy of my claim.

During the answer period I did admit to having anal sex, with the questions
coming fast and the answers being required without hesitation on the threat of
demerits, there was more then a bit of disbelieve that I was indeed a true
virgin.

It was announced that since we had all passed and become pledges not pledge
candidates the naming ceremony would begin.  The other two had a chance to at
least get some of there composure back before the next phase.  We were given
water to drink and few minutes to rest before the next part of or our ordeal was
begun. 

The naming contest consisted of the three of use being paraded naked, with our
hands on our heads  through a line formed by all the sisters.  We were pinched,
patted, slapped and rubbed pretty much all over our bodies as we walked through
the line that snaked about the basement.  Barbara's and my breasts were weighed
and handled and of course compared to each other as to nipple response (Teresa
was also tested for this and it turned out she had VERY sensitive ones) texture
and "bounce ability".

They did seem to lay off Teresa at this stage having already accomplished her
complete break down completely and earning 20 demerits during the answer period.  
It seemed Mary Beth had some authority as to these matters.

Of course everyone just had to touch such a precious treasure as my virgin pussy
with the accompanying comments as to "just how special it was" and "it might be
new but it leaks", "it doesn't feel any different then mine what's she think
she's got" and by the time they were finished I was just about to completely
break down myself.

As we walked through the line, and in my case pranced with my knees at least
waist high "so the bounce ability of my tits could be judged more throughly"
this line of caring persons called out and discarded various names.

By the time we had finished the circuit a dozen times or more the tears and snot
had completely dried on our faces and, with the exception of Teresa, on our
breasts.  Our bodies were slick with sweat and our breathing heavy from all the
running which of course caused Barbara's and my breasts to heave and sway, which
seemed amusing to the assembled crowd.

I felt tired so I can imagine how Barbara felt since she wasn't in near the
physical condition I was.  My breathing was heavy but she sounded like she was
going to hyperventilate, Teresa was in pretty good shape also but she was
huffing as good as me.  I  looked at the two of them standing there, trying to
stand up straight because if you bent forward your butt got slapped.  They
looked like two drowned rats and I know I didn't look any better but was glad I
couldn't see myself.

After the parade we were each given a pledge name, mine was of course was virgin
mary and poor Barbara was miss bushy bush, with Teresa of course acquired the
name tiny tits.  Our names were written on us with black marker on our right
butt cheek and on our front right hip. The first task after showering each
morning was to have our pledge sister mark us properly.  I found this sexually
excited me for some unknown reason.  Then each of use were assigned an
administrative sister to guide us during our pledge period, mine was Mary Beth.

Of course in this short period of time we had been pledges we had all earned 30
demerits which was recorded on a white board under each of our names along with
the reason for it.  The President dismissed the group and as each future sister
walked out we were welcomed as pledges by smacks on our bare butts.  Our
administrative sister then ordered us to their respective rooms.

Once in her room I was allowed to wash my face and drink some much needed water. 
As I came out of the bathroom feeling a bit more human I saw Mary Beth had
discarded her robe and shoes and was sitting on her bed quite naked.

Mary Beth was 5-4 with dark brown hair that fell around her shoulders and
beautiful gray/green eyes. Her breasts were full b cup and her aureolas were
immense ovals capped with large nipples and dark brown in color.   Her pussy
hair was trimmed to a nice V shape and her physical appearance captivated me
immediately.

She is  a big boned girl and it was obvious she worked out.  Her smaller more
compact build made her breasts seem larger then they were.    Her muscular
thighs and calves looked like they belonged to a gymnast and small feet that
made them look even larger.  Her upper torso wasn't muscular but toned and she
didn't have any extra weight on her but she didn't look thin.  Her face was
plain but attractive and in general she gave off a sense of someone content with
themselves and very self assured with who she was.

She told me to sit on the floor asked me if I really was a virgin and I answered
yes.  She said she was going to take me to a medical student friend of hers to
confirm this and if I wasn't lying then she would make sure no one changed that
during my pledge period.  Looking up at her sitting on the bed naked I could
understand why people would listen to her because she looked like she could take
care of herself in a pinch.

She produced two beers from a refrigerator offered me one, opened a window
letting in a nice cool breeze and lit a cigarette and tossed me the pack and
lighter.  "One reason you were picked by me was you smoked but the real
important reason was that I think your attractive and that you've got some
experience in an area that's of  interest me......if you understand my drift. 
But to get straight to the reason for having an administrative sister,  it's so
we can tell you all the things you need to do and to help you and answer any
questions you may have.  A hint to the wise, it's best not to ask to many
questions of the other sister's".

"Thanks for the advice...what exactly do I have to look forward to in the coming
weeks"  God the smoke felt good and it was by far the best beer I'd ever tasted,
I was starting to feel better by the minute.

"In the room here with me when no one is around you can just call me Mary Beth,
in the house it's always Pledge Administrator Mary Beth and the other members
are addressed as Pledge Sister and their first name.  The other pledges who are
addressed by their pledge names,  Pledge Sister Tiny Tits and so forth".

"Now here is a book with the things you need to memorize, lists of duties you'll
be doing and some of what is going to be required of you", and she tossed me a
blue three ring binder that looked like it was thick enough to be a Master's
thesis.

"Memorize EVERYTHING in this" I blurted out.

"No, what you need to memorize is in one section the rest you just need to read
and I suggest you start tonight.  Important thing to remember is as your
administrative sister what ever your told to do can generally be done only after
approval by me except for what is outlined in the book so that's a good reason
to read it.  Of course you can't always be sure I approved it but most of the
sister's are not all that bad.  Of course when you get us all in a group it
tends to be a feeding frenzy but you won't be forced to do something.  You may
be assigned demerits for not following what they say but it's against the rules
to force a pledge to do anything she refuses to do."

"On campus there isn't much your going to be made to do that's to bad since
hazing is strictly forbidden, but of course it's done in all the fraternities
and sororities.  Now since the house isn't close to the campus because of the
lousy neighborhood it's in, so they're a lot of things we do here and in other
area's of the city.  Generally during the week it's not bad except for dinner
since we all have homework but on weekends it's a different story.  So get your
homework done during the week as much as possible".

"Unfortunately Pamela the pledge mistress and her two friends Cynthia and Sherry
are probably the worst ones in the house for trying to get pledges to do
something that really doesn't have to be done.  They tend to push the envelope
so if you can steer clear of them as much as possible.  To be honest I wasn't to
happy she was allowed to get the job or that the other two were made pledge
administrator's but that's politics.  I'll back you if you need it.....in case
you didn't notice no one argues with me around here".

We had finished our beers and I was sitting there and without thinking was
staring at her open legs and inviting looking pussy.  "Well like what you see
pledge toy", Mary Beth replied with a wicked grin.

I blushed and lowered my head but replied "yes........yes I do Mary Beth".

"Good pledge toy come up here and join me" and with that I clambered into bed
and enjoyed the most wonderful sex I'd EVER had.  She was strong and dominating
and a wonderful lover and sex partner and I thought that I was VERY lucky to
have been assigned to her.

Once we were done, and I'm sure half the house knew what we were doing, we took
a quick shower together and dried each other off.  We had another beer and
smoked for awhile and then she announced "well you need to hit the pledge book
so get to your room and study.  Don't think that what we just did is going to
get you any slack cut by me", she said laughing.  "You'll find pledging to be
quite interesting but it can be very demeaning".

I looked at her sitting there and couldn't really believe she would have gone
through this.  The picture of her being humiliated in the basement just didn't
square with her personality.

"Yea, I went through just what you did tonight and most if not all of what
you'll endure for the next six weeks.  Just take it in stride and getting
through it is worth the effort because we really do have a fun sorority to
belong to.  When you rushed for this house I really didn't think you'd take the
offer, you had the look of someone that would join the stuck up houses but I'm
glad you did".

"Just in case you wondering, they do pretty much the same as we do, so pledging
them wouldn't be any easier.  One thing to keep in mind, there is only a couple
of things a pledge can be dropped for, and they're in you book but of course you
can quit at any time.  We do really want you to join, some of the other
sororities do drop pledges but most get through ours.  Now go hit the books I
don't want the others ragging on me you don't know your material because if they
do YOU'LL pay" she said laughing again.

With that and a smack on my butt I grabbed my book and went up to the pledge
room.

As I entered Barbara and Teresa were studying their books, "hi how did it go
with your administrator's fellow pledges" I chirped.  "Hey it smells of stale
beer in here what's up", I asked as I put my robe up in the closet without
looking around.

As I turned to face the two others Teresa looked up at me and I could see she
had been crying again,  her eyes were red, she gave a week smile and went back
to reading and Barbara just kind of stared at me.  "What's up with you Pledge
Bushy Bush", I asked.

"Shit don't call me that in here, my ass hurts this room sucks, I've NEVER been
humiliated like that in my life.  So don't come in here after having just
literally sucked up to that dyke admin. sister you got because I'm not licking
any cunt no matter what they do".

Barbara's hair was wet and plastered to her head and it was obvious where the
beer smell was coming from, "hey the spanking wasn't all that hard don't make
more of it then it was, what happened to you though, you look like a wet rat", I
asked.

Sitting down on my bed cross legged I opened my note book and started to study. 
I was pissed at what Barbara had said but didn't want to start an argument with
her tonight.

"Shit at least put some cloths on you don't have to sit there with your "virgin"
pussy out for god and country to see" Barbara spat at me and tossed me a
discarded robe laying on the floor.

Teresa piped up at that, "listen Barbara I didn't like what went on tonight and
the more I read this book I'm two steps away from packing up and leaving so
let's not start arguing between us.  By the way page 22 has the dress code so we
might as well take off our shirts because we're not allowed to be dressed in our
room", with that she pulled off her long t-shirt and threw it in the corner.

"Oh god it gets better and better all the time" Barbara sighed.

As Teresa pulled off her shirt I saw someone had written in large red lipstick
above and below her breasts "THIS SIDE UP".  "Who did that".

"Sherry my administrative sister, she said in case anyone wanted to fuck me
they'd at least know my front from my back", Teresa sniffled.  "I also got three
wacks with a paddle from her for wiping my hair from my face while drinking that
damn beer from a dog bowl, a DOG BOWL".

Barbara pulled off her shirt and as she got up to put it away I saw her ass was
bright red, much redder then when we finished earlier in the night, "what
happened to you" I asked.

Barbara twirled around giving me an angry look, "that bitch Cynthia did it along
with miss pledge mistress, they're allowed to give us 3 swats for not doing
something, it's in the book she made sure I read it, then.....well....", Barbara
turned away and started softly crying.

"Tell me what happened", I said, startled at the totally different ways we had
been treated.

Looking directly at me she told us what happened.  "Cynthia put me on my knees
right between hers as she sat on the bed.  She read me the first part of the
pledge book about demerits and required duties and ordered me to keep my eyes
staring right at her crotch.  She got to the part about pledges not being forced
to do something then put the book down and made me move within one inch of her
smelly cunt".

She said "you understand I can't make you do something but I can make you wish
you did, understand".  "I understood but I also understood what she meant.  She
put her heels on the bed and started touching herself and I looked away I was
sick to my stomach".  She just laughed and said "gee I forgot our beer we're
supposed to have together".

The pledge mistress came in then and asked how we were getting along and Cynthia
said we were just going to have our beer together.  "She had me crawl on my
hands and knees like some dog into the shower.  Then she had me get on my knees,
hold my ankles and tilt back so my face was up and poured the whole can of cold
beer on me.  When I moved to cover my face they both said that was not allowed. 
She had me get back in position and finished pouring the beer on me".

"Then it was on my knees, face to the carpet while I got six wacks......hard
ones...three for moving when I was in front of her and three for moving during
our drink together.  She told me I couldn't shower until tomorrow morning and to
show up in her room first thing so she could make sure I didn't".

With that Barbara started crying harder and covered her face with her hands.

"Listen Barbara I'll talk to Mary Beth or we can go to the President of the
house she's not supposed to do that" I told her.

"Patricia it doesn't matter, she can deny it and pretty much the same thing
happened to me", Teresa said turning and showing me her red ass.

"Listen if we don't put a stop to this right now it will just continue, we'll
all go see Mary Beth right now".

I tried to argue with them to go but they said they didn't want to start
something the first night.  Besides we all knew if you quit a sorority during
pledge time you would never be asked to join another so we started to settle in.

"Ok I'm sorry I know it's just.....well.......damn I can't believe what we just
went through and this book is full of crap that it will take me six weeks just
to learn" Barbara moaned.

"No it won't, listen if we work together we can learn it and try to stay out of
trouble the best we can, it's kinda like us against them", Teresa said.

"She's right", I chimed in, "and another thing Barbara don't ever call Mary Beth
that again......I won't stand for it".  I was staring right at her, our eyes
locked and then she looked away and I knew she wouldn't mention it again.

I've been blessed with much in my life but at that moment the most important was
the fact that I could study well and generally only required 4 or 5 hours of
sleep.  These were two of them I was going to use in the next six weeks. 
Actually I can get by on less sleep in an emergency so I stayed up most of the
night reading and memorizing as much of the required material as I could.

I also looked over our daily duties which consisted of cleaning chores for the
common areas of the house.  I made a list of what had to be done each day and
set up a schedule so the three of us could do it all as quickly as possible.

As I drifted off to sleep that first morning my last thoughts were of Miss Bess
and how again she had been right.  I had found new friends and my life was
beginning a new phase.

Most of the memorization was dumb stuff like how many tiles on the kitchen
floor, the date the sorority was founded, the dates of birth of the officers' of
the sorority, the national leader of it.  Some of it dealt with school history
and then there were the daily things we had to know.

How many days to homecoming, the score of the last football game, who made the
touchdowns and what was in the refrigerator.  It seemed endless but within two
days all three of us had most of it done and within five days each of us could
recite any of the garbage they asked.

Teresa was correct in that we had to help each other out and Barbara was in a
much better mood then next morning and apologized to me for what she said about
Mary Beth.

Now what was the daily routine, well I get up early and run and I found Mary
Beth doing her stretching exercises as I got back from my run.  "Well Pledge
Virgin Mary I see you get up early to run, that's good because you all have
chores to do, now how many days to homecoming".

I was standing at attention as required when being addressed by a full sister
and gave her the answer.  "Very good, now get going on your duties", with that
she jogged off down the street. 

I got the other two up and neither was to happy given the hour of the morning
but I ran through the schedule I'd made up and asked if there were any
questions. 

"Who made you queen bee", Barbara asked.

"No one but if we don't get organized will never get this done, I helped clean a
house larger then this one so if we work together we can get it done and out of
here to campus before most of the sister's are awake, the less time here the
better ok".

We all agreed that the schedule was pretty good and went to work.  We got our
duties done, our room cleaned, all showered and done and were out the door and
on the way to school before anyone was up.  Of course it was 6:30 A.M. and not
many people are up that early.  We found this perfect and used it during the
entire pledge time so we wouldn't have to answer questions first thing in the
morning.

The pledge sisters had certain general rules to follow.  We were not allowed to
wear anything in our room, in all other areas before 5 P.M. we would wear just
sorority sweat shirts.  They were pink with the sorority emblem on them and came
down below our butts so the pretty much covered everything.  After 5 we were
give specific things to wear each day.  Every day was different, one time we'd
be in lingerie, heels, hair styled and full makeup like we were going to a
evening dress affair, without the dress, other times it was bathing suits.  We
played maids to the sisters during dinner and answered the questions they threw
at us.

As in any group the sisters sought out what was normal for you then either made
you do the opposite or exaggerated it to extreme.  There were no favorites and
Mary Beth was right, she didn't cut me any slack, except maybe in her room.

Of course at any time they would bark a question at you and you jumped to
attention and gave the correct answer.  If you missed it, or they said you did,
you had to run to your room, which was three flights up, get your book, bring it
down and read it from the manual.  Then you'd get "oh I thought it was different
sorry Pledge Bushy Bush", and you'd have to run back up and put the damn book
away, run back down, stand at attention and thank her for her time.

Dinner were favorite times but on campus you were generally free unless you ran
into them when no one was around but it was a big campus and you kept your eyes
open and learned to stay away from common areas, like the cafeteria during lunch
time where there was a chance you'd run into a sister.

They were required to give us three hours of study time at the house but like
Mary Beth suggested it was best to leave as soon as possible and get back just
before curfew, which was 5 P.M. for the pledges so I studied at school most of
that time.

I seemed to be aroused all the time now, at first just thought it was because of
Mary Beth but after the first week I knew it was something different.  The first
Friday night arrived so after dinner was finished and we'd cleaned up the dishes
we were sent to get our robes on and told to go to the basement for our first
settlement.

All three of use were apprehensive but I was sure I was the only one wet.  The
basement was dimly lit but there was a bright spotlight pointed at the beer keg
in the center of the room.  The keg itself was on its side and was supported by
a wooden cradle that was waist high.  All the sister's were dressed in the same
robes as in the first ceremony and the Pledge Mistress was standing next to the
keg holding a wooden paddle that was 14" long by 4" wide and an 1/8" thick.

"Kneel pledges's and prepare for settlement night" Pledge Mistress Pamela
intoned.

We all knelt and our eyes were on the paddle the pledge mistress held.  Barbara
was called first and I realized I was going to be last again.

"Pledge face the demerit board, reveal yourself and read your demerits for the
week to the assembled sisters" the pledge mistress announced.

Barbara dropped her robe and read out her demerits and the reason for them, she
had accumulated 85 so far in the first week.

"Drape yourself over the keg of forgiveness Pledge Bushy Bush, you will count
each stroke and ask forgiveness of the sisters for your errors"

Barbara didn't appear to be walking to steady but got positioned over the keg
grabbed the hand holds that were there and waited for the inevitable.  The swats
were given in the same order to each of us, pledge mistress gave the first 5,
then your pledge administrator gave the second 5, then the sister's that had
registered the other demerits were allowed three swats each.  Since only 30
could be given at any one settlement night they sometimes lowered the count for
the sisters so they could all get at least on swat at us.

We watched as the pledge mistress took her position to the left of Barbara, her
ass looked like a BIG target from her bent over position and you could see her
pussy lips covered by her black hair peeking between her thighs and from her
ass.

Without warning pledge mistress took the paddle back shoulder high and swung,
landing it with a tremendous crack right in the center of Barbara's cheeks and
she let out an ear shattering scream and her feet flew into the air as her body
jumped up from the keg.  Her ass had a perfect impression of the paddle and the
skin turned red instantly.

"Waist high Pledge Mistress you know the rules" Mary Beth cautioned her.

The pledge mistress looked over at her but all she said was "Pledge Bushy Bush
you will remember to count"

I don't think Barbara could even talk let alone remember to count, she seemed to
be having trouble catching her breath and was groaning.   She finally was able
to get enough air to count one and thank the sister's properly.

Then the second one landed just below the first one, Barbara let out a low wail,
her body jerked up with the impact and then seemed to collapse.  "Two Pledge
Mistress" Barbara answered.

The second one didn't seem to leave as deep a red mark but both of use were
frozen there on our knees looking at the red skin of Barbara's ass.  Teresa's
hand reached out across the floor and grasped my fingers just as the third swat
landed.  This one was just at the junction of her cheeks and thighs and Barbara
screamed out, let go of the handles and reached back to her ass and  I thought
Teresa's grip would break my fingers.

"Get your hands away Pledge Bushy Bush or we will set the counter back to zero"
Pledge Mistress ordered.

Barbara resumed her position and the last two swats were delivered to her
already red bottom.  With each swat Teresa would jump and she was already crying
openly.  For my part I could feel my pussy becoming sticky from my juices.  My
one thought was that at least I'd been spanked before so I knew what I was in
for.

Barbara's pledge administrator didn't give her a break, she delivered each swat
with as much power as you can with the limited swing that was allowed.    By the
time the first ten were delivered Barbara's ass was bright red and she was
crying hard but had been reduced to grunting as each swat was delivered.  The
remainder of the 20 swats were not delivered with the same force as the first
ten but Barbara's knuckles had turned white from gripping the handles.

"Return to the floor Pledge Bushy Bush but on your knees face to the floor with
your ass facing the assembled sisters" pledge mistress ordered after the 30
swats had been delivered.

Teresa was next and she actually had trouble getting up from her knees.  She was
helped up and into position by her pledge administrator with a stern reminder
"you embarrass me pledge and you'll earn more demerits then your working off
tonight".

As the pledge mistress and Teresa's administrator took their turns the wailing
cries bounced off the cement walls and hurt my ears.  Teresa's ass and thighs
were dark red by the time they were done and you couldn't understand what she
was saying after each swat.  Mary Beth gave the next three swats since she had
assigned Teresa some demerits but it was obvious to everyone that they were
extemely light.  Even though Teresa jumped with each "tap" she was able to gain
some control over her crying, each of the remaining sister's followed Mary
Beth's lead and I glanced at the pledge mistress', her face showed her anger.

Now I was called up and my arousal had turned to fear as I lay over the keg with
my ass exposed to the tender mercies of Pledge Mistress Pamela.  She took her
time, rubbing the paddle lightly over my bare butt and thighs and I could feel
her eyes looking down at me.

It seemed an eternity but suddenly the paddle landed at the junction of my ass
and thighs.  I let a howl that would have waken the dead and lost my grip on the
handles and came off the keg entirely.  I ended up on my side holding my thighs, 
I had never felt such pain, it felt like someone had turned a torch on me and I
couldn't catch my breath.

"Pledge Virgin Mary that stroke doesn't count since you failed to stay on the
keg and I believe that does allow for going over the customary 30 at one time,
doesn't it Sister Mary Beth".  It was obvious pledge mistress was going to get
back at Mary Beth for the swats she gave Teresa.

"Yes that's the rule Pledge Mistress Pamela" Mary Beth said but you could tell
by the tone of her voice she was furious over what was being done.

"Do you need assistance Pledge Virgin Mary" Pledge Mistress said while standing
over me looking down with a smirk on her face.

"No Pledge Mistress Pamela" I managed to get out.  Then I managed to get myself
up and over the keg.  The spot where the paddle struck still hurt and the skin
felt like it was going to split open.

I readied myself for the next one, trying to keep my muscles loose so it
wouldn't hurt as bad.  The second one was right across my cheeks but I managed
to keep hold of the handles and remain on the keg.  I let out a low moan and
managed to give the correct count but really didn't know just how much more I
could take.  One swat doesn't sound like much but I'd have given anything to
have that swat be number two.

Pledge Mistress gave the remaining four in the same place she had give me the
first two, center of ass and top of thighs.  By the forth swat I was numbed some
but it still hurt.  I tired to keep my legs from kicking and my moans as low as
possible so as not give her the satisfaction of seeing how much they hurt.

Of course Mary Beth's were much softer, not as soft as with Teresa as there was
an audible smack to each one and the stung like hell but no where near what the
first six were.  I was feeling a bit better as the other sister's seemed to
slack off on theirs until Sherry had her turn.

Sherry was good friends with pledge mistress and gave me three hard swats that
made me howl in spite of my desire to remain quite.  I was drooling and crying
by the time she was done and could barely crawl to my kneeling position when I
had received all 30 swats.  All I could really focus on was we had a week before
the next settlement night and that I still had 35 demerits on the board.

Everyone was dismissed and the three of us got to the sanctuary of our room.  I
had Barbara get ice and towels and make an ice water solution in the sink..  We
soaked the towels and laid them on our backsides while we lay face down on our
cots.

"I can't take this, most of it is just stupid but I don't think I can ever get
on that keg again" Teresa grumbled out from her cot.

I could only groan and in my mind I actually agreed with her, but my thoughts of
never seeing Mary Beth again kept me from saying so out loud.  "This has got to
be the worst just to get us to quit" I said but I really didn't believe that
myself.

"Pledge Mistress really has it in for you Patricia, you should hear how she
talks about Mary Beth and you with Sherry and Cynthia" Barbara informed me.

"How come you never said anything before Barbara what's she been saying"

"I.....well I just didn't think about it that's all..........it's
..........just..."

"Come on spit it out", now I was getting pissed.

"She........well.........they all say Mary Beth is to easy on all the pledges
and especially you since your...........your.........together"

"Together, yea I bet what did she said damn it"

"That .........well .........she calls you Pledge Tongue a Twat and some other
things...........do I have to paint you a picture".

I felt the tears rolling down my face, I didn't care if they knew about us but
it hurt to know that they didn't even like me.  I wanted to go and tell Mary
Beth but I knew she would have already figured it out from tonight's
performance".

"At least you have someone to talk to we can't even see or tell our boyfriends, 
all we have is the two administrative sister's and they don't give a shit about
us, all they want is to find ways to give you demerits and swat your ass and try
to .........." Teresa's voice trailed off and she didn't have to give me any
details as to what she and Barbara's administrative sister's wanted.

"I'll be one big bruise tomorrow" Teresa cried.

"Maybe but it looks and feels worse then it is, it will feel much better by
tomorrow and won't show to much" I told my fellow pledges.

We all drifted off to sleep with our own thoughts and in my dream I was being
paddled and being fucked by anonymous persons.  Despite the pain I was turned on
by what they did, maybe not the intensity but by some sort of punishment.  What
the other's dreamed of I don't know but Teresa was still sniffling when I fell
asleep.

I went to the library several days later and checked out some books about
sexuality and of course came across material on BDSM and various other sexual
practices.  I read it with great interest and started researching more.

I didn't have a lot of time with studying, requirements at the house but learned
some interesting facts that I really needed to talk to someone about.  I called
Miss Bess as I did every week to give her an update on events and she said we'd
talk about it when I came home on break.

I brought up the subject to Mary Beth the second week while we were laying
together in bed.  "Mary Beth have do you know anything about BDSM".

"Some pledge toy and I think you've realized something about yourself haven't
you" she said kissing my neck.

"Well yes.......I mean I find that most of what is going on I like, not the
memorization junk but the standing at attention and well......well what we do
together, the spanking and all that stuff".

"I noticed that your turned on by being told what to do and after I've given you
a spanking you seem much hotter in bed", she chuckled.  "Did you ever have
anything like this done to you before" she asked.

I was hesitant to tell her but she broke in, "listen this isn't for publication
and I'm not going to use it for pledging you, you asked me something and I was
just trying to find out something about you that's all Patricia".

Mary Beth had never called me Patricia before, it was Pledge Virgin Mary or
pledge toy.  I looked into he eyes and knew that I was in love with her.  I
kissed her softly on the lips, as sensuously as I knew how and we melted into
each other's arms and soul's that night.

It was the first time and really one of the few times I've ever made love with
someone, and the first of many times with her.  As we lay together I told her
how I was brought up and she in turn shared with me her personal life.  I knew
then that she was that special person Miss Bess had talked about.  I whispered
to her that I wanted her to take me but she said not until pledge time was over.

Mary Beth did tell me she had a boyfriend who was on the football team so he
wasn't available much during this time of the year.  She made it clear that she
was bi and made no excuses for it.  She told me she cared for me but she wasn't
really looking for a girl friend.  She enjoyed our time together but wanted me
to get out and "find a really good fuck", to which we both laughed.

Mary Beth and I talked about it and I read more about it as the pledge weeks
went on but knew that I was a submissive but didn't quite know where it would
lead me.

Actually the pledging wasn't that bad, you got swats for demerits and had to do
household chores for all the sisters living at the house.  There were other
things they required us to do, like suck on dildos while they graded and taunted
us.  Pledge Mistress wanted us to use them in our pussies but Mary Beth put a
stop to that but we were required to masturbate for them so they knew we were
all in working order.  Barbara and Teresa couldn't get off but I did much to the
amusement of all the sisters gathered.  Mary Beth knew that I was used to such
things and turned on by it.

I was a VERY popular pledge toy with several of the sisters as Mary Beth had
told them of my oral ability and with her permission I visited them on occasion.

Once a week we were required to report to our pledge administrator to review our
progress.  For me it was talking to Mary Beth about what was going on, how I
felt and she always had pointers on the best ways to work off demerits with the
other sisters.  She knew I was good in math and spoke several languages so she
suggested to sisters that need help in these areas to look me up.  I could
almost name how many demerits I wanted taken off once they found out I could
help them with calculus or do their nails, hair or makeup.

When I came back from the meetings I was in a good mood of course since we
always ended up in bed and didn't return to my room until early morning after
the other two were asleep.  I knew  their meetings didn't go like mine and tried
to pass on the pointers Mary Beth gave me.

Barbara and Teresa didn't have it that easy.  For much of the time I was
actually unaware of what exactly went on at there meetings.  I knew it wasn't
helpful to them and that they always were getting additional swats but didn't
find out what was going on until Mary Beth was gone from the house for a few
days.

As for the adult house mother that was supposed to keep us all in line.  Well as
long as she didn't see it outright, she never went to the basement, she just
looked the other way.  Perhaps she should have stepped in but she never did.

Some of the things we were required to do  were just dumb and embarrassing such
as making us dress up in mismatched cloths, go without underwear (a first for me
but I did enjoy it) have honey and oatmeal put in our hair and rubbed over us. 
Each of us had at least on particular occasion that was the worst for us.

Of course fund raisers were done, such as parties at our house where we were
required to be maids.  The uniforms were SHORT and sexy with little white aprons
and fishnet hose and heels.  Naturally mine and Barbara's were to small on top
but Teresa's was to big.  She was miserable the whole night, but not from having
to wait on everyone hand and foot, but because they stuffed her top with
newspaper so she'd have something up there.  Every time she moved you could hear
it crinkle and she did start crying when one of the guys pulled out some paper
so he could write a note.

Of course car washing to raise funds was no fun for Barbara since they gave all
of use these skimpy white bikini's to wear that had the lining cut out of them. 
The bottoms were tiny and allowed her pubic hair to stick out all around the
front, sides and back.  When they got us wet you could see through the
transparent material and her black bush was visible to the entire assemble of
frat brothers who came to get their cars washed .  Of course with our names
written on us the guys who showed up for the car wash didn't have to guess how
she got her name.

Of course my suit was the same but I had a much better body but my pledge name
was a huge topic of conversation.  At least Teresa didn't have such a hard time
given her lack of boobs and that she was a natural blond so nothing really
showed for her.

Now my worst was the shopping trip to one of the most upscale malls in Orange
County.  Since they knew I had nice cloths and up to that time I never wore junk
cloths they had a special treat for me.  First thing they took me out to the
back yard naked and sprayed my feet and legs with water and had me walk around
in the dirt until my feet were dirty.  Then put motor oil in my hair and then
dumped dirt on it and had me shampoo it in, then got my hands dirty with black
grease and had me rub some of it off on my breasts and stomach and made sure it
was imbedded under my fingernails.

They tossed me a thin white tank top type men's t-shirt to wipe my hands on
which I was grateful for until Pledge Administrator Mary Beth told me that was
part of my shopping cloths.  She then came over and attached clip on nipple
rings to each breast and tightened them until I was up on my toes all the while
smiling at me.  She then loosened them up so they were at least comfortable.

"Can't have them two tight since your going to be wearing them all day" she told
the assembled crowd.

I was led over to my "makeup table" that they had set up for me and was given
the opportunity to show them just how pretty I could make myself.  When I looked
it mirror I started crying.  My beautiful long hair was grimy and snarled and
slicked down on my head.  The shirt was thin and you could see the rings on my
nipples which were sticking out like two pencil erasers.  They cooed at me not
to cry I would run my makeup and then they proceeded to have me do my face.

They had me apply a base that was no were near what I would wear and dark blue
eye shadow with use heavy black mascara around my eyes.  The lipstick was a
putrid shade of dark red and they had me finish off my face with blush heavily
applied to my cheeks.  I looked like a cross between a clown and a vampire and
started crying again but quickly got some tissue to stop the tears from ruining
what was already a hideous makeup job.  I was afraid they wouldn't let me fix it
up if it ran.

I was then given huge hoop earnings and to finish off my new look a clip on nose
ring was added.  Of course they didn't want Pledge Virgin Mary to be lonely
while she shopped so they strapped a butterfly vibrator on me and then gave me
these torn dirty jeans to wear that hung on my hips and were torn in all the
wrong places and showed the straps attaching the vibrator.  Not enough to be
indecent but I don't think anyone would want to look at me given what I looked
like.

They clipped the battery back to my waist band and I was ready to go shopping. 
Off we go to this mall and I knew I was in serious trouble and wanted to refuse
to get out of the car.  Yes they told us we could refuse and we wouldn't be
forced but Barbara and Teresa weren't dressed any better then me, but for me
this was the worst that they did.

They parked the car and escorted me to Neiman Marcus,  my assignment was to walk
through every department and look at cloths.  I was to be sure to talk to the
sales people and ask questions about items in the department.  I was given a
small dirty linen sack with a draw string for my purse and just when I thought
it couldn't possible get worse Mary Beth stuck a huge piece of bubble gum in my
mouth and told me to chew with my mouth open, then turned the vibrator on low
and told me to get going.   If I took to long the finish up I could take the bus
back since I had plenty of money in my purse and lots of extra gum if I needed
it.

I was beyond being embarrassed, I was mortified and after looking into Mary
Beth's eyes and seeing no sympathy or reprieve, I entered the store.  If it
hadn't been for my feelings for her I'm not sure I wouldn't have just quit then
and there or just refused to go in.  But if I refused she would get ragged on
for having a pledge with no "sorority sprit" and I couldn't have stood that.

Of course they followed me in, all of them wearing nice upscale skirts and
blouses.  I wasn't in the store one minute when I was escorted out and told I
couldn't come in without shoes.  Now I was stuck, one of them came out and told
me to get in there and finish up and I told her what happened.  She just
shrugged and said "hey you do it or ride home on the bus".  Of course the bus
service in Ca. sucks and it's 60 miles back to the house and I have no idea if
you can even get home on a bus from where I was.

I was kind of stumped when I realized I would have to just buy shoes so I rushed
over to the closest shoe store and bought a pair of flip flops to wear.  Now
rushing with what I was wearing was not such a good idea because my tits were
bouncing about and the arm holes of the shirt were larger then I realized.  Of
course the jeans were just barely being held up by my butt so I had to keep a
tight hold on them or I was going to be giving more of a show then I was.

I re-entered the store and started my shopping trip.  Of course security was on
me and I decided to just tough it out so I smiled at them, flashed them some tit
and said "see I have shoes" and walked away.  I had at least one plain cloths
security behind me the whole time I was in the store.

Once I was in I did of course start feeling the vibrator and even with all that
was going on I was getting aroused.  As I walked around people avoided me and
talking to a sales people was hard because they ignored me completely.  I walked
through each department and as I was waiting for a sales person to stand up from
behind the counter I could feel the small vibrator starting to make me cum.  I
gripped the counter top and squeezed my legs together just as she stands up to
face me I go over the edge.  My face and chest of course flushed red and I was
breathless and couldn't talk right away.  My nipples were standing out for the
world to see and I felt the juice start to leak out of my pussy and just knew
she could smell me.

"Yes what is it you want", she asked staring at me like I was some kind of 
space creature.

"Ummm.......well.....ahhhh.... the price of the hand bag there...." I managed to
stammer out.

She gives me the price, something like $400 and then looks at me and says "what
is that buzzing noise".

I mumbled something about my cell phone and moved on to the next department.  I
made the time limit and got to ride home in the car but not until one more thing
had to be done.  They stopped by a drug store and followed me in so I could get
batteries for my shopping companion. 

 "You will have to show it to the clerk so they get the right size" Mary Beth
says smiling and then proceeded to pull the battery pack and control from my
waist and hold it up to me.

I hadn't realized that you could see the wire running down from it right into my
crotch until of course Mary Beth pointed it out,  I thought things couldn't have
gotten worse but they had.  I decided to get it over with as quick as possible
so I went in to find a clerk, I didn't care if they were man, women or beast
just so I could make my purchase and leave.  Smacking my gum I simply pulled it
off my belt with the wire going down my pants and the small buzz going and asked
to purchase batteries. 

The man waiting on my was torn between staring at my tits, looking down my pants
or asking me what the wire was attached to.  I just looked him in the eye and
said "batteries please, long lasting ones", smiled and waited for him to get
them.  Actually I felt pretty good at that moment because I think he wanted me
out of there more then I did.

That night after I showered Mary Beth and I had one of the greatest times
together.  After we worked off the sexual tension from the day she paddled my
butt and we made love together until the early morning hours, I couldn't wait
until pledging ended in two weeks for one reason but I really didn't want it to
end.

By the third week of pledging we were all in a groove and it seemed Pledge
Mistress and her two friends were told by the someone that the first settlement
night's activity would not be repeated.  We still got swats but there was a
tension in the air between pledge mistress and her two friends and Mary Beth and
some other sisters.  The three of us started  referring to the three of them as
the three stooges.   On a night when Mary Beth was away each of us was called
out of our room one at a time by the pledge mistress.  We all knew this wasn't
going to be good.  Barbara was first and when she came back she was visible
shaken and crying, her butt was beet red and it was obvious she had been given
more then the three swats officially sanctioned for not following directions.

"What happened" we both asked in unison.

"Nothing....it's fine don't worry about me ok", Barbara answered and she went to
her bed to lay down sobbing.

Next was Teresa, she was gone for some time and she too returned with red ass,
her's appearing a much darker red, almost maroon in color.  She was crying and
wouldn't say anything to either of us, she just went in and got a cold wet towel
to sooth her buns and laid down.

I was next and had no idea what was going on.  Once inside pledge mistress's
room I found both Cynthia and Sherry there.   I was ordered to my knees right in
front of a chair.  "Ok Pledge Virgin Mary it's time to see just how much you've
learned so far".

With that she sat in the chair, pulled up her skirt and put her heels on the
chair bottom and I was looking right into her crotch.  It was shaved except for
a small patch of red hair, her fair skin made her lips look much darker then
they probably were.  I knelt there not knowing what was coming next.

"Well the other two pledges didn't seem to have the right sprit so let's see if
you do, notice anything pledge".

"What Pledge Mistress Pamela", I stammered not really knowing what she was
talking about.

"Look at my snatch and tell me what you see stupid".

I looked closer and saw what she was talking about, a white string was hanging
from between her lips.  "A string Pledge Mistress Pamela".

"Right, now we're going to play a game to see just how much you want to be in
the house.  Each of us is going to tell you to do something and if you do it
then fine, if not it's paddle time, understand".

"Yes Pledge Mistress Pamela" I stammered.

"Ok, now take it out pledge".

I reached up to remove it but my hand was slapped away, "first error pledge
assume the position".

I laid my face on the floor and pushed up my ass and Cynthia gave me the first
three swats.  They were hard and hurt like hell but I just grunted with each
stroke, gritted my teeth and dug my finger nails into the carpet.

"Not counting pledge, we can keep this up all night long, remember we are
allowed three per error".

"Yes Pledge Administrator Cynthia" and with that the next three were delivered
with full force and me counting between gasps of air.

"Up on your knees pledge and let's see if you've learned anything".

My ass was on fire and tears were running down my face but I knew what she
wanted.  I had never done this before and except for the fact that I hated them
I wasn't totally opposed to what she wanted.  I was going to refuse but decided
that I would do it and get out of there as quickly as possible.  I leaned
forward, using my tongue to get the string into my mouth and pulled the used
tampon out of her pussy.

I sat up the tampon dangling from my teeth no knowing what else she wanted.

"Good pledge, much better then the other two now crawl over to the basket and
get rid of it and come back".

I returned and knelt in front of her again, unsure of what else was going to be
required.

"Now lick it pledge, lick it really good just like you do to your cunt pledge
administrator".

I looked up at her with defiance, knowing that part of me didn't really care but
mad about what she called Mary Beth.  Then I decided to show her just what she
was missing, pride does cometh before the fall as they say.

I bent forward and gently opened up her outer lips, she was dark pink inside and
under other circumstances I would have been more then willing to provide her
with what she wanted.  I licked her inner lips softly then moved up to her clit
and teased it with my tongue and lips until it peaked out from beneath it's
hood.  I gently sucked it and rolled my tongue around it as I pressed my index
finger inside her warm hole.

"Ummmmm........yes......ohhhh yes little pledge......that's right" murmured
Pamela.

"She likes it to much, make her suck you out" Cynthia called out.

"Shit if your going to make love with her we'll leave you and your new lover
alone" Sherry commented sarcastically.

With that Pamela regained her composure and grabbed my head and forced it into
her crotch, grinding my face into her.  She pulled me back for some air then
again forced me into her again, "stick your tongue in me, clean me out bitch". 
I was caught of guard by this and was struggling for air so she grabbed my hair
and pulled my head back.  "You fucking slut, you lick me and clean my pussy out"
and she pushed me into her cunt again.

"Lick it bitch......lick it good......that's it suck me clean you fucking cunt".

I could taste her flow and it didn't taste good, I gagged but continued to suck
at her open pussy, licking up to her clit to try to get her excited.  She let my
hair go and leaned back with her legs spread wide as I attacked her pussy. 
Somehow my mind wasn't focused on who I was with or that she was on her period. 
I was not aroused I was in heat, her language, her bearing and knowing the other
two were watching me turned something on inside of me that was stronger then I
had felt before.

Cynthia and Sherry continued their comments as I feasted on Pamela's pussy
"That's right douche bag clean her good", "Swallow it all it's full of
minerals", "shit we should change her name to Dracula since she likes the taste
of blood so much"

Pamela started to buck her hips and push harder into my face.  I pushed two
fingers deep inside her and used my other hand to flick her clit as she started
to cum.  With a grown of pleasure Pamela had a tremendous orgasm and clamped her
thighs around my head until I felt she would crush my head between them.

When she finished she pushed me back away from her and lay there panting as my
ass thudded against the floor.  I was trying to catch my breath and reached up
to wipe my face from all the goo coating it.   I looked at the back of my hand,
it was coated with  pinkish red fluid I had cleaned out of Pamela.

"Look at that slut my god she's nothing but a worthless douche bag I'd die
before I ever did that" Cynthia said with disdain.

"Damn this slut is wet, she gets off on this shit" Sherry said.

Sherry and Cynthia grabbed my ankles and pulled my legs apart while Pamela,
having recovered from her own little world, reached down and rubbed my pussy and
pushed her fingers partially into it.  "Shit she is wet, she's one weird bitch"

Each in turn felt my pussy and then they ordered me to lick there fingers clean
of my juice.  My mind was reeling, I didn't want them to touch me yet I was
excited and didn't want them to stop.  My hand went down between my legs and
started to rub my clit as I closed my eyes and laid back on the floor. 

"Go ahead and touch it, play with it cunt, show us how much you liked eating
me".

I started to play with myself harder, my legs wide apart, hands rubbing at my
clit and fingers stabbing into my wet pussy hole.  I couldn't stop even their
jeers and name calling just made me hotter. 

"That's right fuck yourself you self righteous cunt" Sherry called out.  It
seemed like the more they said the harder it was for me to cum yet my arousal
continued to build.

 "That's right fuck yourself and just think with all the girls in this house you
can spend the entire month being everyone's personal douche during their period
just like you did for me Pledge Dracula" 

They were standing around me, laughing and saying things, telling me to fuck my
ass with my fingers and I managed to get two fingers inside my ass  and then
licked them clean.  I wiped pussy juice over my tits and stomach then sucked the
thick fluid from my fingers.  I did what they said, tried to follow everything
but I was starting to get lost in the pleasure between my legs.

"Yes.........ohh.....yes..........yeeeessssss...........please.........I...I
need", I gasped out as they started laughing at me sprawled out on the floor, my
ankle hooked around the bed frame leg so I could pull my legs further apart, I
was like a primeval animal in my desire to cum in front of them.

My hips pumped up into the air as I tried harder, my eyes shut, my body sweating
I finally felt I was there, just at the edge and then I felt it, the pleasure of
my orgasm as it started to take over me.  I curled up into a ball with my hand
still rubbing my pussy when the stinging burn of the paddle as it thudded loudly
against my ass and a second orgasm washed over me my whole body convulsed with
pleasure.

I just lay there damp with my sweat, my hair stringy and breathing hard as I
came down from my sexual high.  I didn't want to look up, I felt ashamed to have
made such a spectacle of myself in front of these three but another part of me
knew I needed them to be there.

Cynthia and Sherry both said the wanted to try me out but not until the right
time of the month, the three of them laughed at that a great deal.

Pamela kicked me in the thigh, "get up and get out of here you trash".  They all
laughed and I crawled out of there room but didn't have the strength to get up
so I rested in the hallway before I went back up stairs.  Several members walked
by and when the looked down at me and saw my face they looked away in revulsion. 
I was to ashamed meet there eyes yet to weak to get up yet, I just sat there in
the hall, my legs spread obscenely apart with my own cum leaking out of me and
tried to regain some sense of reality.

I finally got my strength back and walked weakly back to our room.  When I
entered both Barbara and Teresa looked up at me, their eyes seemed to widen with
disbelief as I went to the bathroom to wash.  I looked in the mirror and was
ashamed of what I'd done then I heard them both talking, they didn't even try to
keep there voices down.

"She did it, christ she did what they wanted she's nothing but a slut no matter
what airs she puts on" Teresa gasped.

"I told you all along she was sick and perverted except for the first settlement
night she gets hot after being wacked and can't get to her dyke administrative
sister quick enough" Barbara replied.

"Not so loud you promised not to call her that remember"

"Who cares even if she finishes this pledge shit no one's going to want her
around, I bet even Mary Beth won't want her when she finds out"

I cried at what they were saying, it hurt me that they thought so little of me
after what we'd been through together.  I'd tried to help them and worked
together with them even though I knew they didn't approve of me and Mary Beth. 
We didn't talk or even look at each other when I finished in the bathroom.  That
night and for the first time I was glad pledge time was going to end very soon
and even thought of just quitting altogether.

I tried to stay quite as I lay in my cot crying myself to sleep.  I kept
thinking about what had happened, of all that had gone on so far in my life. 
The things I had read so far regarding sex, what I'd done with Miss Bess, Laura,
Frank, with Mary Beth.  Of what I'd done with the three of them and of how
turned on I was by what they all did with me.

Within a few days after the incident with the three stooges it returned to
normal between the three of us.  Barbara and Teresa started talking with me like
before but I wasn't sure of their feelings towards me anymore. We were going
into the last two weeks of pledging and most of the sisters had dropped asking
us questions, except for Pledge Mistress and her two friends but it was pretty
hard to trip us up now. I had not told Mary Beth what had happened and hoped to
god she never found out.

About 5 days before the pledge period ended I noticed that both Barbara and
Teresa became moody and didn't talk as much as before.  I asked then what was up
but neither of them opened up about what was bothering them so I decided to drop
it.  Maybe the incident with the Pledge Mistress and her friends wasn't
forgotten or they just had other things on their minds.

We were all going to the football game on the Friday before the pledge period
ended.  I'd dressed in my sorority cheer outfit an was feeling pretty good about
life in general and had pushed the other thoughts out of my mind.

"Hey why aren't you getting ready for the game" I asked Barbara and Teresa.

"We have to study......I'm a bit behind and Pledge Mistress Pamela gave me
permission to miss it" Teresa said.

"I have to study too" Barbara added, "so I'm staying home tonight also".

I thought it was strange since they were both up on their studies but just
shrugged my shoulders and said good night and left.

The game was good and we all had fun sitting in the stands together.  It was as
if I'd already been accepted to the sorority and no one gave me a hard time at
all.  Most of the sister's had boyfriends and Mary Beth had already told me that
she was going to meet her's after the game so I decided not to join any of them
and just go back to the house to study.  I didn't have any idea what I would
find when I got there.




COLLEGE PART 2 - BARBARA AND TERESA

Barbara and Teresa heard the cars leaving and knew the house was empty except
for the two of them.  They were sitting on their cots, naked nervously waiting
for the pledge mistress and her friends.

"We should have known better god I wish I could go back and change what
happened" Teresa mumbled as she fidgeted with her hair.

"Yea me too but it's to late now and we've put up with five weeks of pledging
and it's all for nothing if we don't do as they say" Barbara replied.

"You know what they're going to want don't you Barbara"

"Yes and I'm not looking forward to it at all, after what we've said and thought
about what Patricia has done I feel guilty as hell but at least she likes it"

"God Barbara I wish they'd get here and get it over with the waiting is worse
then doing it if that's possible"

They heard the car pull up and looked at each other, the fear in each other's
face made talking no longer necessary.  They waited for the inevitable arrival
of the three people that had control over their destiny.

"Well if it's not our two horny little pledges" a smiling Pamela sang out as she
stood by the open door.  "After five weeks I'd think you two morons would
remember how to act when your betters entered the room".

Both of them jumped up to attention facing the three grinning sorority members
and in unison delivered the required greetings.  "Good evening Pledge Mistress
Pamela".

"Now that's better but since this is our official pledge party every mistake or
hesitation earns you each five demerits from EACH of us" Cynthia informed the
unfortunate girls.

Both pledges shivered at the announcement but didn't protest since they really
only had one choice.

"Now Pledge Bushy Bush just why did you and your friend get invited to this
special pledge party" Pamela asked sarcastically.

"We dated our boyfriends in violation of pledge rules Pledge Mistress Pamela"

"Shit these two have already earned ten demerits and we haven't been here two
minutes yet" Cynthia said laughing.

"Now you know Pledge Bushy Bush that isn't a proper answer to your pledge
mistress so if you want to be able to sit down on your ass before you graduate
get with the program"

"Pledge Mistress Pamela Pledge Bushy Bush and Pledge Tiny Tits met with their
boyfriends which was a violation of our pledge status".

"Not entirely a complete story is it Pledge Bushy Bush, now you BOTH  have 15
demerits"

"15 each......I ........" Teresa caught herself before she finished her
sentence.

"Yes each stupid, didn't we make ourselves clear on that matter, a mistake or
hesitation by one of you earns BOTH of you demerits, what are friends for" a
laughing Sherry told them.

The three tormentors sat down and continued to enjoy themselves, "now WHAT did
you two DO".

As a tear started down Barbara's cheek she continued with the what happened. 
"We fucked our boyfriends Pledge Mistress and...........and.........he licked my
nipples and ....well ....I sucked his penis......".

"And you Tiny Tits"

"Pledge Tiny Tits fucked her boyfriend and sucked his penis and allowed him to
cum inside me Pledge Mistress Pamela".

"Well we know he didn't suck you tits but didn't you let him fuck your tight ass
hole pledge" Sherry inquired as she softly stroked Teresa's long blonde hair.

"God no Pledge Administrator Sherry"

"Why not pledge, I'd think he'd rather have you on your knees with his cock up
your ass so he didn't have to look at that pathetic chest you have" Sherry
purred  as she took one of Teresa's pink nipples between her fingers and started
pulling and twisting it.

"Ahhhh.........please....."

"Shut up pledge you've both fucked up and it's this or out the door" Cynthia
said sharply slapping Barbara's ass, taking pleasure in seeing the flesh bounce
and turn pink.

"Now you both know that you can be dropped as pledges for that violation, you
knew it when you did it so now you either attend our party or pack your things,
decide now" Pamela informed them.

They both stammered out there acceptance and were ordered to run to the basement
and kneel until they were told otherwise.

When they both had left the three of them looked at each other grinning
wickedly.  "This is going to be more fun then anything we've ever done, a great
way to finish our time in college" Pamela exclaimed and the three of them
started downstairs.

They peaked in to the basement and found the two pledges kneeling on the cold
concrete but their shaking was not from the cold.  "Let's get something to drink
before we start, we can decide what we're going to do with our playmates
tonight" Pamela suggested and the three of them sat down and started talking.

The loud bang of the basement door slamming closed made the two unfortunate
pledges jump as the three sorority sisters entered the basement.  "Now pledges
it's time for the games to begin" Pamela called out.

The kneeling girls looked up to see the three women stripping off their cloths
and setting down what they had brought with them.  They looked on wide eyed as
they saw ropes, several dildos, what appeared to be thin wood pointers and an
assortment of leather straps and whips laid out on a table.

"What's all that stuff for" a worried Barbara asked meekly.

"For our party you stupid hairy cunt" she was informed by Sherry.

Barbara hung her head and felt her face flush hot but did not respond to the
insult.  She was far more worried about what was on the table then what was
said.

"Now" announced Pamela, "we're going to let you two get a bit of practice before
we get down to business".  "Off your ass's and on the table kneeling and facing
each other".

The two quickly clambered onto the large table facing each other, arms hanging
at their sides.  Their eyes remained fixed to the table top, neither wanting to
meet the gaze of her friend.

"Up off your ass's pledges and start touching Pledge Bushy Bush's tits so you
can feel what a real women has" Pamela ordered Teresa.

Tentatively Teresa reached her hand out to rub Barbara's soft breast.

"Come on use both hands and feel her up good.........roll her nipples around and
get them hard" Cynthia ordered.

As Teresa rubbed the two soft nipples between her fingers they started to
harden, Barbara sniffled and closed her eyes as her friend fondled her softy. 

"Suck them, get a good taste of them and stop being so gently they won't break,
squeeze them hard.......harder..........I said harder.......bite them....let me
hear you suck them like you sucked your boyfriend's pathetic little dick....."
Sherry ordered as all three of them stood around the table watching.

"Ouch.......that hurts" Barbara exclaimed pulling away.

The sharp sound of leather hitting Barbara's ass was followed by her anguished
cry.  She clutched at her stinging ass cheeks.

"Hands down that's another five demerits for each of you" Pamela said.

"Run your hands through her hair and tell her how good it feels" Cynthia ordered
Barbara.

Barbara started stroking Teresa's long blond hair as the sound of her friend's
wet mouth suckling her nipples filled her with shame.  "Yes.......yes.......it
feels good........yes more.......bite them.....touch them" Barbara whispered,
closing her eyes actually enjoying the soft feeling of her friends tongue.

"Louder so we can all hear just how much you like the tit less wonder sucking
your utters" Sherry called out.

Teresa was crying at the cruelty of the three girls and her warm tears fell onto
Barbara's breasts.  A thin line of pain shot across her back from her left hip
up across her back to her right shoulder blade as Cynthia lashed her pale white
skin with a thin leather whip.  "Ahhhhhhhhhh........Teresa cried out and jumped
away from Barbara's nipples.

"I didn't say stop" and a second snap of the leather cut just below her shoulder
blades with the end curling around and snapping at the pink sensitive nipple. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh............nooooooooo" Teresa wailed bringing her arms up to
protect herself.

"Stop.....please" Barbara implored only to be answered by a paddle being applied
to her tender ass cheeks, the sound of wood against bare flesh echoing in the
large room.

"Ehhhhhhhhh" Barbara shrieked grabbing her burning flesh and bending forward.

Cynthia's back hand stroke caught Teresa's exposed stomach and left a dark red
line across the white skin doubling the unprepared pledge over.  "Ahhhhhhhhhhh" 
The two pledges remained doubled over crying and begging to be left alone.

The three tormentor's watched their victims trying to catch their breaths while
they sipped their beers.

"Up both of you the show's only just started" ordered Pamela.  "I said up or
you'll get worse" as the girls hesitated and Sherry and Pamela applied their
wooden paddles to each of their butt cheeks.

The two crying pledges faced each other and Barbara could see the red line
ending at her friends now dark red nipple and a second angry line crossing her
stomach.

"Now kiss each other just like you did your boyfriends" Pamela ordered.

Both of them moved their faces closer, their lips touching softly as Cynthia and
Sherry applied two hard strokes to the buttocks of each girl.  "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh.." 
They both cried out and jumped back from each other.

"Get your chests together and wrap your arms around each other's shoulder's and
get those tongues working, if you stop again you'll both get these paddles used
against your tits" Pamela warned.

Embracing each other tightly Teresa whispered "please don't let go I don't want
to be hurt anymore".

Their tongues darted into each other's mouths, bodies pressed together and hands
entwined in each other's hair.

"That's it pledges now you have the idea......open your mouth Tiny Tits I want
to see Bushy Bush's tongue inside your mouth.......now you Tiny Tits run your
tongue across her teeth.....come on let's see some passion here........" Pamela
continued to give directions as Cynthia and Sherry got into position behind each
pledge.

"Now I believe you have something like 20 demerits between you so we are going
to start working them off right now" Pamela announced, nodding her head at her
two friends they both started with their chosen instrument.

Cynthia used a wooden cane against Barbara's bare ass leaving red welts with
each blow.  As the cane whistled down against the soft flesh her victim cried
out into her friends mouth and clutched her closer.  The thin cane's fiendish
sounding swish cut the air then the sharp sound of wood meeting skin was met
with another anguished cry from Barbara.

Cynthia worked the cane from the upper slopes of Barbara's once unblemished skin
down towards her chubby thighs.  With each blow the cane was imbedded into the
soft tissue leaving a livid red welt.  As the cane crossed over the reddened
area of the paddle Barbara's head arched back and she emitted shrill scream but
continued to hold her friend tight against her chest. 

The cane now found the junction between her ass and thighs which caused the girl
to bellow a long "Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo" which was answered by a red welt
of another blow lower down on her thighs.  Her fists were balled up so tight
that her hands were white and her feet kicked the table top adding to the sounds
bouncing off the walls of the basement.

Teresa was faring no better under the tender mercies of Sherry's leather whip. 
Pamela had provided the toys for tonight and Sherry wanted to try out the multi
thronged one on Teresa's back.  The whip was made of soft thin leather strands
braided together with small knots tied along the length of the 9 strands that
made up the whip.

Each stroke of the whip across Teresa's back left a multitude of red lines with
darker areas where the knots were.  The pale white skin of Teresa's back turned
a pale red and the ends of the whip occasionally snapped at the exposed sides of
Barbara adding additional torment for her.

The sound the whip made was softer as it was swung at Teresa.  The leather
hitting her exposed back was more muted then the cane being used on Barbara's
flesh but her reactions to each blow were comparable to that of her companion.

"Nooooooooooooo.........please.............ahhhhhhhhhhhhh" she pleaded as she
was whipped.

"Enough" Pamela called out.  Her two friends who were now panting from their
work stopped and looked over to her.  The naked duo were shiny with sweat and
threw down their instruments and took long gulps of beer to slacken there
parched mouths.

The two pledges still were embracing each other, heads rested upon the other's
shoulder tears and snot running down onto them.  They too were breathing hard
and were sweaty, the fronts of each girl now sliding against the other as they
tried to remain  kneeling an the table.

"Drink this you two" said Pamela tossing two bottles of water onto the table.

Neither Teresa or Barbara could summon the strength to open the caps so Pamela
finally did it for them.  They drank greedily and both slumped down on the table
with Barbara sitting on her side as her ass and thighs were far to tender to sit
on.

"Thank you........." they both panted as the water was finished.

"Ok now for the contest if each of you can accomplish your task within the time
limit then the party is finished and no one will know about your violation of
the rules OK" Pamela announced.

Her two friends looked at her questioningly but she motioned them to silence.

Both pledges looked up with hope in their eyes that this would end.  "Thank you
Pledge Mistress Pamela" Barbara answered.

"Ok you both look rested up now so Pledge Bushy Bush follow me over here" Pamela
took her arm to help the unsteady girl walk.

One end of a bench had been raised off the floor about 3' and Barbara was
instructed to lay on it with her head at the lowest end.  The bench was short
enough that with her head resting at the end her butt hung off the end for which
Barbara was grateful as her ass and thighs felt like they had been singed in a
fire.

The three sorority sisters then proceeded to tie Barbara's wrists together with
rough hemp rope and secure the remaining rope to a supporting pillar.  Then each
ankle was encircled with two additional lengths of rope and Cynthia and Sherry
walked away from the bench pulling Barbara's legs wide apart and her ass into
the air.  The rope was looped around two separate pillars but before they could
tie it off Pamela stopped them.  Barbara squirmed from her position but was not
yet uncomfortable

"Let me show you something my mother taught me.  Taking one rope Pamela made a
loop in the middle of it then ran the loose end rope through it.  "It's called a
truckers knot now watch this".  Pulling on the free end all the tension was
taken from the rope and Barbara was stretched out tightly.  By the time Pamela
had repeated the steps on the other rope Barbara's shoulders were being strained 
and her legs and ass were suspended in the air.  The muscles of her legs were
drawn taunt and the tendons on the inside of her thighs were visible from the
strain.

"Ok Pledge Tiny Tits get over here"

Teresa had been watching with growing worry but followed Pamela's order.  As she
got closer she could see Barbara's pubic area covered with it's thick mat of
black hair.   She stood by the other girls looking directly into Barbara's
outspread thighs and could make out the outline of her thick outer lips and
could see the dark pink inner ones just peaking out.

Cynthia dragged over two cinder blocks and placed them right under Barbara's
suspended ass  then retrieved an 8" dildo with a rubber suction cup at it's
base.  Teresa had seen such things in magazines but had never used one herself
but knew she would not be able to say that again in just a few minutes.  She
thought being thrown out of the sorority would be better then this but knew the
three of them wouldn't let her go no matter what she said.

Out of eyesight Sherry and Pamela had taken a bowl and filled it with KY jelly
and mixed in hot pepper juice and Tabasco sauce.  Then could feel a warm tingle
on their hands and smiled at each other thinking of just how this would feel
once inside Teresa's pussy.

Pamela smeared the dildo with the mixture as she explained what Teresa was
required to do.  "Now Pledge Tiny tits here is your side of the contest, we're
going to mount this nice thick cock on the blocks on the floor and your going to
slide it into that nice gash between your legs.  Now I'm sure it's much larger
then that peanut pecker boyfriend of yours so we're going to grease it up real
good for you".

"Once your seated on it your going to give your pledge sister here mouth to cunt
resuscitation" which brought smiles from all of them except Teresa and Barbara. 
"Now you're going to fuck the dildo and lick your fellow pledges cunt until both
of you cum or until 15 minutes has passed.  If you both cum before the 15
minutes then you win the contest, if not then you lose got it".

Teresa was staring at the well lubricated phallus and didn't respond.  A sharp
smack on her ass brought a yelp, "yes Pledge Mistress Pamela".

"See if she's wet at all Cynthia" Pamela asked.

Cynthia reached between the trembling girls thighs, slapping the side of them so
she would spread her legs and pushed two fingers into her pussy, Teresa screwed
up her face and clenched her jaws at the unwanted invasion.  "Not really maybe a
little bit but she's pretty dry and tight too.......at least for now" she
laughed.

Sherry and Cynthia knelt down on either side of the blocks as Teresa straddled
them as she stared down at her friend's face.  Barbara tried weak smile but
holding her head up was difficult so she rested it on the bench and tried to get
as comfortable as her position allowed.  Cynthia and Sherry applied some
un-altered KY at the opening of Teresa's pussy and each pushed a finger inside
to loosen her up a bit.

Teresa closed her eyes tight and flushed a deep red at the unwanted intrusion
into her private parts.

"OK down on it pledge" Pamela ordered.

As she lowered herself each wrist was quickly grabbed and secured to the end of
the bench.  She felt the tip of the invader start to enter her and then her lips
being pulled apart.  Sherry nodded that the head was inside and Pamela pushed
down hard on her shoulder and impaled the unwitting girl all the way down on the
dildo.

Teresa grunted as it pushed inside her but it was well lubricated and it was
more uncomfortable the painful at this point.  She had to extend her thighs
widely to keep them from rubbing on the rough concrete blocks.

"Now start to fuck yourself pledge"

Teresa now felt the burning sensation start from the mixture used to lubricate
the fake penis and tried to raise off it.  "Noooo it burns" but her wrists were
re-secured so that she couldn't lift off the cock even if she were by herself. 
"God........it's burning.............something's wrong" Teresa cried out but
Pamela pushed her down fully imbedding the dildo inside her and scrapping the
tender inside of her thighs on the blocks.

"Yea we know, there's nothing wrong now start fucking and licking because we're
not starting the timer until you do and it's not coming out of you until the
time limit or you both cream yourselves" Pamela laughingly informed her.

"No.........I ........you can't..............I'll quit.......I don't care
anymore .............you can't do this" cried Teresa who was now struggling to
get loose as the altered lubricant started to scorch the tender membrane of her
vagina.

Of course Barbara didn't know what the matter was and was calling out "what are
you doing to her......let her go...............I'll quit too........."

"No quitting pledges to late for that so get to work" Pamela informed Teresa.

Teresa leaned forward, tears streaming down her face as the mixture continued to
be absorbed into the membrane of her pussy. "It's burning me........" she
mumbled, but she started to lick at the hairy opening of Barbara's pussy.

A thick leather strap landed with a dull thump across the upper part of Teresa's
ass cheeks and she shrieked out as the burning deep inside her was supplanted by
the pain of the strap.  "Get fucking and licking pledge" Sherry ordered as the
strap found it's mark again.

Teresa leaped up but Pamela held her shoulders so she couldn't dislodge the
dildo.  "I'll help you find where to lick as with all that hair I'm not sure you
can find the right spot" Cynthia said laughing.  She pulled Barbara's pussy lips
apart then forced Teresa into the waiting slit.

"Fuck faster" Sherry intoned and this time used the cane on her ass as it came
into range when Teresa raised up.  "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh Teresa called out but her
voice was muffled by Barbara's pussy.

Barbara could feel her friend scream into her and bucked up and started
struggling with the ropes holding her down.  "Stop........stop it please" she
cried out as tears started rolling down her cheeks.

"Ok the timer's started but if you stop fucking or licking then I stop it until
you start again, Sherry you stay where you are in case she needs encouragement
while Cynthia and I give our other pledge something to cry about."

Cynthia and Pamela took positions on either side of Barbara, each looking down
at her wickedly.  Barbara's eyes were wide with fright and knew the two of them
would be doing something that was not going to be pleasant.  "Why...........why
are you doing this to us.........we thought you'd make us have sex with
you.........why are you hurting us" Barbara asked of the two smiling sorority
sisters.

"Because we want to that's why, my only regret is that your other pledge sister
isn't here because I would have loved shoving a big dong up her snatch.  Only
cherry I've ever seen broken was mine" Pamela laughed.

"Now for the fun part huh Cyn"

Both girls took leather belts and started to beat the front for Barbara while
her friend ate her pussy and fucked her now burning vaginal canal with the
dildo.   No matter how she tried not to Teresa's thighs would scrape the cement
blocks every fourth or fifth time she came down on the dildo adding to her
already painful existence.  If she faltered with either of her tasks Sherry
would use one of the whips or cane to speed her up.

Barbara was howling out with each blow and Teresa was trying her best to get her
friend off.  She knew she would never be able to cum with the fire scorching the
delicate interior of her vagina but she had no choice but to try.

She slurped at her friends pussy and tried not to get hair into her mouth but no
matter what she did the tiny hairs filled her mouth and nose.  Her breathing was
becoming labored and she was starting to sweat from her efforts.  Adding to her
misery her thigh muscles were beginning to tire from pumping up and down.

With each thawp of the leather belt Barbara cried out and tried to twist away
but she knew she could not escape the awful pain.  Neither of the two whipping
her hurried with their work they waited between strokes until Barbara would open
her eyes then bring the belt down on some exposed area of her body.

When they started on her breasts they bounced about as first one belt then the
other would slap them.  Her renewed cries of pain told her fellow pledge who was
faltering on her own task that the two girls hurting her friend had found
another way to torment her further.

Finally Teresa could no longer keep up the fucking, she was drenched in sweat
her hair plastered to her head and body.  She kept licking and sucking her
friend's pussy but could no longer raise up on the dildo no matter how much
Sherry used the whip on her.  Even when she felt the incredible pain of it
hitting the soles of her feet she couldn't raise up on the dildo.

The sound of the alarm brought all of the activity to a halt.  The five girls
were all sweating and gasping for air.  Three from abusing the pledges and two
from being abused.  Teresa rested her face in Barbara's crotch no longer caring
about where it lay.  Her face was covered with some of the sticky fluid from
Barbara's pussy but mostly from her own saliva.

Barbara had stopped crying out from the belts being used on her long before the
alarm went off.  She simply grunted as she was struck, her struggles with the
rough rope had first chafed then abraded the skin leaving large red circles on
her ankles and wrists.  Given what was being done to her she actually didn't
feel the pain from the rope burns.

"We need to rest some before we go on" Pamela told her friends and they sat down
and drank some beer and tried to catch their breath.

"What about them" Sherry asked.

"Right mom taught me that you have to take care of your toys" Pamela laughed. 
She then went over and gave the two pledges water to drink.

"Enough rest time" Pamela informed the group and the three of them got up to
continue their fun.

Teresa's wrists were released but she couldn't walk on her own as her legs were
just to tired so Sherry and Cynthia dragged her over to the keg and secured her
wrists and ankles to the legs so she couldn't move.  Cynthia brought over a
chair and positioned it at Teresa's head sat down with her legs spread and
pulled Teresa's head into her crotch.

"Ok Pledge Tiny Tits since you've had practice at it let's see what you've
learned".

Teresa looked into the trimmed pussy in front of her face.  The brown hair had
been shaven so that only a small triangle was left just above the slit.  The
lips were clean of hair and were already puffy from her arousal.  Teresa could
see the moisture between her lips and without protest started to lick her clean
slit tasting the other girls juices.

Sherry took up the cane and started a slow drum roll down the upturned ass and
thighs of the pledge.  With each sharp crack of the cane Teresa howled into
Cynthia's pussy providing additional excitement for her.  "Not so
fast........slow down with it she can't lick and scream at the same time Sherry"

Pamela had straddled Barbara's face, looking down at her "well it's your turn to
learn to lick pussy, to bad you never had your fellow pledge show you how
because she's pretty good at it but I know you'll do your best" a smiling Pamela
informed her.  Squatting down over the upturned face Pamela took a thick leather
strap and started to use it on the inside of Barbara's thighs.

Barbara didn't think she had any voice left to cry out with but as the bit of
the leather cut into her tender out stretched thighs she found she did.  Between
strokes she licked furiously at Pamela's cunt not caring about the taste of
smell of it but just trying to please her so she wouldn't hit her any more.

Cynthia and Sherry changed positions after the Cynthia came.  By this time
Teresa only moaned each time the cane contacted her skin and her entire ass all
the way to the back of her knees was crossed with deep red welts.  Her entire
vaginal channel still burned from the lubricant that had been used on the dildo.

Cynthia dropped the cane tiring of it and took some KY and applied it to
Teresa's puckered brown ass hole.  She then applied some to her fingers and
started to explore the virgin hole as her friend enjoyed Teresa's tongue and
lips on her cunt.  Teresa's head jerked up as she felt the invasion of the first
finger.

"Who told you to stop" Sherry yelled.  She retrieved multi stranded whip and
again applied it to Teresa's already well striped back.

Pamela brought the belt down right between Barbara's thighs and was nearly
bucked off even with the tight ropes holding her in place on the bench.  Pamela
became captivated with watching Barbara's pussy wink at her as she used the
strap.

"Hey this is interesting but I can't see to well with all this hair in the way"
Pamela exclaimed.

Finding a pair of pliers Pamela started to pull great clumps of hair from
Barbara's pubis.  She would grab some and pull up watching Barbara arch her back
as best she could to relieve the pain then the hairs would pull out and Barbara
would give a short shrill cry then fall back occasionally pleading with her to
stop.

Cynthia watched Pamela and continued to work two more fingers into Teresa's
tight ass, wiggling and twisting them until she had them buried all the way to
her knuckles.  Sherry was in ecstacy and had cum twice when she decided to rest
and just watch the fun for awhile.

"Come on and get up and help lazy" Cynthia told Sherry.

Sherry came over and held Teresa's cheeks wide apart which elicited a low
groaning moan of "nooooo..........." as Cynthia started to work the head of the
dildo up inside Teresa's resisting anal ring.

 "Don't tighten up pretend your taking a shit and it won't hurt that much, I've
used a lot more KY then my ex-boyfriend did on me when he did me this way". 
With that the 8" dildo was inserted about a quarter of the into Teresa's aching
rectum.

Pamela continued to pull Barbara's pussy hair until all that was left was sparse
little ones covering the entire pubic area and lips.  The skin was bright red
and small pin pricks of blood showed on the white skin.  Barbara had long ago
stopped making intelligible noises and she no longer twisted in her bonds.

Pamela came over to see how her friends were coming along.  "Hey you've got
almost all of it inside her don't you".  Cynthia's smiled, then with a bit more
effort pushed the remaining 2" inches inside Teresa's ass and began slowly
pumping it in and out of the still tight hole.  With each inward thrust Teresa
expelled air and tried to catch her breath, as the dildo was held with just the
head inside her she inhaled deeply waiting for the next painful thrust.  Then it
would be pushed back inside fully and Teresa would feel the full girth of it
fill her now well stretched rectum.

Sherry went back to Barbara with Pamela to see what other fun they could have
with her.  "You know what I saw in a magazine once Pamela, it was a whole hand
stuffed inside a women's pussy I couldn't believe it".

"I don't see why you couldn't do that babies are bigger then that" Pamela said
laughingly.

"I think I tired her out let me get a little something to wake our pledge and
we've also got to rename her don't you think", all three of them found that
exceedingly funny.

"What are you both up to" Cynthia asked.

"We're going to see if I can get my hand inside her cunt but Pamela thought
she'd wake her up first".

"Hey I've GOT to see that" so Cynthia found some extra rope and after making
sure the dildo was well seated inside Teresa's now sore ass hole she tied it in
place and went to watch.

Pamela returned with a bottle of alcohol and proceeded to pour it over the
recently plucked area of Barbara's crotch.  The wail that was torn from
Barbara's sore throat even made Teresa jump and look toward her unfortunate
friend. 

"God I think she's awake now" Sherry said.

"So are the dead" Cynthia replied.

Even with the horrendous burning of her crotch Barbara still could feel the
additional anguish caused by the alcohol washing across her exposed clit and
running inside her vagina and it's delicate tissue.   She strained upwards in
her rope bondage so much the three of them thought she was going to dislocate
her shoulders. 

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.............." and Barbara feel limp and had to be revived
with smelling salts before they could continue.

Sherry used generous amounts of KY on her hand and remembered to remove her
rings while Pamela and Cynthia slathered additional KY inside of Barbara.

Barbara was moaning for them to stop, "god pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease stop don't do
this.......it will ruin me.......please anything..............I'll do anything
for you".

Even though Teresa was in pain with the dildo lodged deep inside her she felt
she was much better off then Barbara at that moment.  She cared for her friend
but as she hung over the keg she just wished they would stay interested in
Barbara and leave her alone.

"Ok let's see how this goes".  Sherry worked two then three fingers into Barbara
without much problem, "hey maybe her boyfriend is more of a stud then we thought
I'll have to look him up".  Now she put the fingers close together and worked
her pinky and thumb partially up inside the already stretched opening.

Barbara had no real strength left in her to resist and simple babbled in a low
voice "mommy.........please mommy take me home now...........mommy please".

Sherry had her hand up to the knuckles inside Barbara's pussy and was having
trouble stretching the opening up enough to take the rest of her hand inside. 
"Come one help me, push on my elbow or something".  She twisted her hand around
inside Barbara's gaping cunt and with a little assistance from Cynthia her hand
suddenly disappeared inside of Barbara and the lips shut around her slim wrist.

"Damn it's really feels warm in there" she exclaimed.

"Shit feel her stomach" Pamela said rubbing her hand across the bulge in
Barbara's lower abdomen.  "Move your hand around inside her, see if you can
close your hand".

The three girls felt the hand moving around inside Barbara's womb and had Sherry
fuck her and twist around inside the pledge until they tired of their game.

"Get a camera Cynthia we've got to get a picture of this" Sherry said.

Retrieving one from upstairs they took turns taking pictures of each other with
Sherry's hand buried inside the distended lips of Barbara's pussy.  Teresa was
aware of what was happening and her own pussy still burned from the mixture used
to lubricate her and she prayed that they tired of this before they wanted to
experiment on her.   Barbara was starting to  hallucinate and thought she was
with her family "mommy...........is it my birthday.............what's my
surprise..............when's daddy coming home mommy"

Sherry then pulled her hand from inside Barbara accompanied with a wet sucking
sound and Barbara was again in the basement of the sorority house. 
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..........god no more..........NO MORE............".

Sherry went over to Teresa and knelt by her face holding her hand up so she
could see and smell the slimy cream covering her hand.  "Now clean it off or I'm
going to see just how big you are".

There was no hesitation Teresa started licking her hand like it was an ice cream
cone.  "Now that you can lick so good lets see if you can get me off again". 
Sitting back in the chair with the whip in her hand Teresa started to pleasure
her as best she could.  Her neck was in an awkward position and she was getting
a splitting head ache from being head down but the thought of having that hand
shoved inside her drove her on despite her own pain.

"Hey I'm going up and get some more beer I'll be right back" Cynthia told her
friends then grabbed a robe and started for the kitchen.

When I arrived the house seemed deserted, I went upstairs to strip off my
cloths, we were still required to be naked after 5 P.M. until the Sunday
swearing in ceremony.  I didn't see Barbara or Teresa anywhere and wondered
where they were.  We were still pledges and if they skipped the game for
homework they better be in the house doing it.

I went down stairs and called out to them and started looking for something to
drink when I was startled by a voice behind me.  "Well Pledge Virgin Mary home
early I see".

I turned and saw Cynthia standing there wearing just a robe leaning against the
door jam drinking a beer.

Coming to attention quickly I stammered "yes Pledge Sister Cynthia I decided to
get some homework done this evening".

"Ummmmm well we didn't expect you but since your here come with me".

I wondered what the "we didn't expect you" meant but followed her out of the
kitchen.  We started down the hall and down the stairs to the basement.  She
stepped aside and pushed me into the basement, came in and closed the door
behind me with a loud bang.

"Guess who came to the party unexpectedly Pam" Cynthia said pushing me forward
so I stumbled to my knees.  I looked up and couldn't believe my eyes at what was
going on.

Teresa was tied over the beer keg, her ankles and wrists tied with rough hemp
rope so she couldn't move.  I could see the abrasions on the delicate skin of
her ankles and wrists from struggling in her bonds.  The most startling thing
was the condition of her normally pale white butt and thighs.  There were deep
red welts across both cheeks crisscrossing skin in all directions.  Her thighs
had similar welts and you could see dark bruises already forming on her skin and
abrasions to her inner thighs.

The other thing was a dildo sticking out of her ass, pushing the cheeks apart,
and being held in with a rope tie.  Sherry was laying on her back in front of
Teresa, in a chair that raised her up so Teresa's head was buried in her open
crotch.  She held a leather multi stranded whip in her hand and was alternating
blows to Teresa's back with pushing her hips up so Teresa could lick her pussy.

"Come on you bitch lick it harder stick your tongue right up inside my cunt"
Sherry shouted and brought the whip down on Teresa's already red streaked back.

I heard Teresa moan with the loud snap of the whip as she tried to please
Sherry.

"What the hell is going on in here I screamed" getting to my feet.

Then I saw Barbara, she was tied down to a bench that was slanted so her head
was lower then her butt.  She too was tied with course hemp rope, her wrists
tied to a near by post and her ankles tied wide apart so her crotch was
completely open. 

The entire front of her torso was crisscrossed with deep red lines and the
inside of her thighs had the same deep red welts that Teresa had.  The most
unexpected thing was what I didn't see, her large black bush was almost entirely
gone and the skin around her pussy was an angry red color.  I heard her moaning
softly "please...........god please stop........please I'll do anything".

Pamela was straddling her face with her pussy just inches from it.  I could see
the flushed look of Pamela's skin and a wild look in her eyes.

"Well if it isn't the Virgin Mary without her keeper Mary Beth, how nice of you
to join our little party".

"What the hell do you three think your doing in here.  You don't have any right
to do.." I was cut off as Cynthia hit me from behind driving me to the floor.

"Right ......RIGHT.......you stupid cunt we have the right to do anything we
want" Pamela shouted.

I got up to my knees trying to clear my head and looked around to see Cynthia
locking the door.

The three of them came towards me as I knelt there with my stomach churning.

"We didn't force them miss virgin who likes to lick pussy so much.  We gave them
a choice didn't we pledge whores" Pamela said.

"Choice.....what kind of choice" I asked chocking back tears from what I saw.  I
started to get up but Sherry pushed me back and took a wooden paddle and looked
down at me saying "you get up without permission and I'll use this on your face
bitch".

Pamela casually walked over to Barbara who was still sobbing softly.  She
started to caress her pussy lips which were red and swollen.  She pinched her
clit hard which elicited a loud moan from Barbara's lips as her hips jerked up. 
"You see these two broke an important rule" pausing to look down at Barbara with
a wicked grin on her face, "they decided they could see their boyfriends didn't
you lover".   As she said that she pushed three fingers deep inside Barbara's
pussy and her body pulled at her rope binding further chaffing the already badly
bruised flesh.

"Of course that's grounds for dismissal so we gave them a choice, join us for a
little party or get thrown out of the sorority in the last weeks of pledging,
isn't that right lover" pushing a fourth finger into Barbara and spreading her
pussy lips even further.

"Now we couldn't find anything on you goody two shoes but surprise surprise you
show up for our little pre acceptance ceremony.  The fact is I wanted you here
from the start of it but couldn't figure a way to arrange it without Mary Beth
getting wind of it and asking questions" Pamela continued.

With that she turned and forming a cone with her hand forced the entire thing up
inside Barbara's pussy until I could see only her wrist.  Barbara moaned louder,
trying to pull away but the ropes held her tight.  Pamela worked her hand up
inside her pussy, twisting it, pulling it out partially and then pushing it back
in.  She reached down with her other hand and grabbed what was left of Barbara's
pubic hair and pulled it out, then yanked her hand out of Barbara's pussy with a
audible wet popping sound that made my stomach turn.

I was staring at her gapping pussy and how it slowly closed but it did not
return to the tight slit I'd seen so many times in the shower.  I heard a
gasping sound from Teresa and looked over to see Sherry pumping the dildo in and
out of Teresa's ass, the puckered hole being pulled out then pressed in with
each slow thrust.

"She wasn't so keen on the this idea but now the next time she see's her
boyfriend she can show him the new tricks she's been taught" Sherry sneered.

"You know what we've been doing with your two little friends Pledge Virgin Mary"
Pamela asked as she seated herself on Barbara's face.  She grasped both of
Barbara's nipples and squeezed them tight and pulled her breasts up until they
were coned shaped.  "Lick me you stupid cow or I'll find some other interesting
ways to amuse myself".

Barbara moaned but lifted her head and started to tongue Pamela, who then sat
down rotated her hips to the slurping sounds of Barbara's mouth.

"I'm not sure but your not going to get away with this damn it" I yelled.

"We already have, you see we decided that Pledge Bushy Bush should get a new
name, so we decided it should be Baldy.........so we plucked her bush to fit her
new name" laughed Cynthia.

Sherry retied the dildo back in place in Teresa's stretched ass hole then
turning to me replied "well we would have loved to get Tiny Tits down to Mexico
to find some Doctor to give her size D tits but we didn't have time so we
decided that her name would be Rectum Annie" laughing loudly at her own humor,
"so naturally we had to break her in".

"Now Pledge Virgin Mary is here so we have to find her a new name also, what do
you think sister's can we come up with something" Pamela said.

"I think slut fits her pretty good" Sherry chimed in.

"How about pussy licker she does that pretty damn good but I still think Dracula
is perfect for her" Cynthia answered.

"She doesn't get a new name, we already know that turns this bitch on, we're
going to give her a profession instead" Pamela said.

I was looking between them, then at my two friends who had been abused by these
three and realized that this situation was very serious and it had to be
stopped.   "You'll be thrown out of the sorority, and into jail for this" I
screamed and jumped to my feet.

"We don't give a shit about the sorority, we graduate in a few weeks so it
doesn't matter and as for jail I'm sure these two would just love to get on the
stand in a public court room and have to tell the world about how the begged to
lick us and do anything else we wanted to so we wouldn't tell on them for seeing
their boyfriends when they weren't allowed.  Besides my father's a great lawyer
and well connected so if I was you I'd be more worried about you then me "
Pamela calmly asserted.

"Well Pledge Virgin Mary we intend to find out if your a liar or just a prude,
so stand up and come over to the bench here" Sherry said, motioning to where
Barbara was being untied by Pamela.

Barbara rolled off the bench onto the floor and I could see from the bruises on
her ass and thighs that they had used a paddle and god knows what else on her.

"Ok Pledge Bald Bush crawl over to your friend and lick her cunt so it's wet for
her new lover" Pamela said as she kicked Barbara in the side.  Barbara started
to raise up to her knees and start over to me.  She looked up at me with red
tear stained eyes and I could see she was in terrible shape and on the verge of
breaking down completely.

"Now one of two things will be known in a few minutes, if this comes out red
then you were telling the truth" holding up a large dildo for me to see, "and 
if it doesn't come out red little miss I'm a virgin that couldn't get enough of
my bleeding pussy I'm personally going to turn you over to my boyfriend and some
of his friends so you can get a proper fucking"  Pamela announced.

"Now I'd threaten to use a whip on you but I know that turns you on to much and
I'm not really interested in you enjoying this.  So just come over here and lay
on the bench so we can find out if you've been lying to us these past weeks. 
Now spread your legs so your pledge sister can practice her pussy eating  or
we'll teach you what a whipping is all about",  with that she kicked Barbara in
the ass and sent her crawling in my direction.  "Sherry go over and make sure
she's a good little pledge".

"Of course when we're done and Pledge Dracula is no longer a pledge I'm sure we
can convince her to become a fraternity whore for the rest of her college
career" laughed Pamela.

I was looking straight into Pamela's eyes, she had cold green eyes and Sherry
the larger of them grabbed my arms at the elbows to hold me as they closed in. 
I never said a word I just let my head hang forward and let my muscles go limp
which I'm sure Sherry thought was a sign of resignation, she learned of her
error a split second later.

I snapped  my head back slamming it into her perfect nose, that if it hadn't had
several thousand dollars of work done on it to get it that way she would surly
need it now.  The first sound was the crunch of bone as my head broke her nose
and then the high pitched shriek of her voice as the pain hit her.

I brought my foot up planting my heel hard into her pussy and she dropped to her
knees trying to hold both areas of pain at the same time.  I reached down and
grabbed her around the waist and threw her against the wall where her head made
a delightful thud as it contacted the cement and her arm ended up taking all her
weight as she fell to the floor.  From the position of her arm I knew it was
broken and a small pool of blood formed underneath her ruined nose.

I had spent years in self defense classes because of Miss Bess and my father.  I
never really thought of what you could do with the lessons, I thought of them
more for the physical fitness aspect then the intended purpose.  Now all they
had taught me came back and the most important one was if you have to fight then
it's no hold barred. 

Before either of the two startled idiots could react I was across the floor in
the direction of Sherry.  My long legs gave me quite a range and I aimed a high
left kick at Cynthia's head and heard the satisfying crunch of teeth as my heel
came in contact with her mouth.  A spurt of blood and several pearly white teeth
arched through the air as she flew backwards towards a post slamming into it. 
The post held her up just long enough for me to do a spin kick and my right heel
found her jaw and she was unconscious before she hit the floor.

Pamela stood there to shocked to react immediately but as some additional teeth
went flying and Cynthia's head hitting the floor sounding like a ripe melon
being dropped  she went into action.  I imagine the three of them guessed I'd go
along with this peacefully or at least not resist much since the had been
assessing me for nearly five weeks and had guessed I had a
submissive/masochistic streak in me.  I did, but what I was had nothing to do
with what they had done to my friends.

Pamela grabbed a wooden paddle and came at me with it swinging it like a women
possessed.  She must have realized by this time she was over matched but then
again she didn't have much choice.  It was kind girly swing, as my father used
to say,  and her energy was pretty much wasted.  I gracefully moved to one side
and then gave her a lesson in self defense.

Two quick left jabs to the face would leave her with a swollen right eye that
would blacken nicely and the occasion to visit a plastic surgeon if she wished
her nose to look anything like it did when she entered the room that evening.  A
full right cross with all my weight behind it not only caught her flat footed,
it dislocated her jaw and broke several molars in the process.  She went down on
her hands and knees with blood drooling from her mouth and nose.

Cynthia and Sherry were pure survival instinct and training, Pamela was pure
hatred.  I watched as she tried to get up and reached down and grabbed her by
the wrist and elbow, then used my knee to break her right forearm.  There was a
crisp snap of bone, an ear splitting scream then a chop to the side of her neck
that ended the noise that was hurting my ears.

Barbara was sitting dumbly on the floor watching all this before her eyes but
not really understanding it.  The fight hadn't lasted over two minutes but I was
drenched in sweat and it took several minutes for me to regain my composure.  It
also took a great deal of self control not to go over and continue to hurt these
three.

Barbara started crying and curled into the fetal position, I was afraid she was
going into shock so I quickly got a blanket from upstairs and wrapped it around
her.  I untied Teresa who was unconscious and gently removed the dildo that was
covered with pieces of shit and some blood.  I looked at her and saw more blood
smeared around her cheeks and a bit of it on her thighs but it looked like they
had at least taken it slow with her so I gently lifted her and took her to our
room.

I went back and got Barbara and saw the three stooges were still not moving.  I
checked them to make sure they were at least alive and breathing.  That at least
gave me some relief and I got Barbara up and to our room and into bed quickly. 

Now the problem was what to do about the situation, not much thought was
required I reached for my cell phone and called Miss Bess.  When she answered I
started to break down crying and it took a bit of time until I could tell her
what had happened.  She told me to wait for her and not call anybody else until
she arrived and to make sure everybody stayed at the house.

I went back down to the basement and found they were starting to come around but
not in any condition to cause trouble so I locked the basement door so they
couldn't get out and waited for Miss Bess to arrive.

It was getting late and I knew some sister's would be coming home soon but since
the basement wasn't used except for sorority business and was pretty sound proof
no one would know they were in there.  Barbara and Teresa were another problem.

It didn't appear that her rectum was torn but she was going to be plenty sore
for a few days.  I wasn't sure about all the other welts and was terribly afraid
that she would be scarred for life. I also was worried about her mental state
once she regained consciousness.

Barbara had recovered some so I gave her some water to drink and was about to
ask if she wanted something stronger when she grabbed me in a hug and wouldn't
let go.  She was crying and pleading with me to not let them get her again and
nonsense about not wanting to be thrown out of the house and how sorry she was
she broke the stupid rule about seeing her boyfriend.

I held her close trying to calm her and she was sobbing at how she was sorry for
all the things she had said to Teresa about me and how she wanted to be my
friend.  I just kept reassuring her that everything was alright and she would be
fine.

The door burst open and there was Miss Bess along with a man that kind of
reminded me of Frank, he was large and had a look that you wouldn't want to
argue with.  Behind her were several sisters that must have come home while we
were upstairs.  She had a doctor's bag with her and the other girls wanted to
know what was going but quickly went to their rooms when she told them to.

Miss Bess administered some pain medication to both Teresa and Barbara so they
would sleep and gave them a quick examination.  She wanted to know where the
other three were and when I told her she sent the man down to look after them.

She held me close and wanted to know if I was alright and if I'd been hurt.  I
started to laugh and cry at the same time and said I'd skinned my knuckles some. 
She looked at my hand and we both started laughing and hugging each other
tightly.

She had me get some water and clean towels and started to give Teresa a through
exam when the man returned to our room.   "Nothing life threatening but they
need medical attention, much more then can be given to them here.  Who ever they
tangled with gave them a good working over".

Miss Bess looked over at me and I shrugged my shoulders and tried to stay out of
the way.

"I don't think I'd like to be on your bad side Miss" he said smiling.  "I'll
call to make some arrangements if that's what you want".

"Yes" Miss Bess replied, "I'll go down there and take look in a minute".

Miss Bess gave them a much better examination and had me assist her.  I had
never seen her as a doctor before, but she worked with a delicate touch as she
examined both my friends.  "It's not so bad Patricia they'll be fine" Miss Bess
assured me.

Then we went down to the basement.  On the way we were met by the club president
and the house mother since one of the girls had called about strangers coming
into the house.  Miss Beth took the house mother aside and I don't know what she
said but the house mother turned white as a sheet and left the house never to
return again.

Miss Beth and the unidentified man looked over the three stooges.  Miss Bess
confirmed that they were in no life threatening condition but would need some
major medical work to fix up the broken bones and teeth.  He made a call on his
cell phone and shortly private ambulances were at the house and the three of
them were taken away.

Miss Bess assured me that there would be no trouble from them or their parents. 
The girls would be taken to a private hospital and no police or public records
would be made of the incident.  Miss Bess took control of the entire house at
that point.  She had everyone call all the sisters that  lived at the house on
their cell phones and have them come home now.

I'm sure Mary Beth along with several other's weren't pleased with this but when
they arrived and were told of the incident they all understood.  Miss Bess had
me tell them what happened and then had all the girls go into our room to see
Barbara and Teresa.  She pulled the covers back and there was a gasp at what
they both looked like.

They had started to bruise badly and in general looked much worse then they
were.  Miss Bess stayed the night and it was evident that our acceptance
ceremony would have to be put off for some time.  Miss Bess gave me a large jar
of cream that she said had vitamins, anti bacterial medication and a mild
topical anaesthetic that should be rubbed on Barbara's and Teresa's bodies and
injured areas to promote healing.  She gave me a box of latex gloves to wear
when I applied it otherwise she told me "your hands will become numb".




COLLEGE PART 3 AFTERMATH

A new house mother was found by Miss Bess and though she would not interfere
with our normal rituals she made it clear that she would not accept any abuse of
pledges.  The three stooges didn't come back to finish the semester and the
rumor was that they had a car accident and were injured.  I heard later they
finished their senior year and graduated but they never came back to the house
again.

All three of us were accepted as members of the sorority at a ceremony two weeks
later.  Barbara's and Teresa's  injuries had all but healed except for some
scabbing from the ropes and some bruising on their behinds.

Mary Beth and I spent the night after the ceremony at a hotel and took care of
the "virgin thing".  Many women don't have fond memories of that particular
event but of all that has happened to me that is the one thing I wouldn't change
for the world.  Of course after that Mary Beth did make sure I found a "great
fuck".  I did start dating and enjoyed being with men very much and except for
my time with Mary Beth it was "normal" sex with the two boys I dated in college.

School went on and new pledges came in the next semester.  We of course took
part in all the activities but I would have actually rather have been with the
pledges most of the time.  Mary Beth became President the next year and the
three of us became Pledge Administrator's.  In our Senior year I was President
of the sorority and Barbara was Vice President but the real surprise was Teresa
being the Pledge Mistress.

Mary Beth graduated after my second year and we took a vacation to Europe for a
month to celebrate and have one last time together before work started for her. 
I was always her pledge toy when we were alone together.  It was one of the
nicest times I have ever spent.

Just before we were to return home I was notified that my father, Miss Bess and
her husband and another woman had been killed in a light plane crash on the way
to a resort in the desert.  I was devastated and we came home immediately.

Of course I was the only heir to my father but was utterly surprised when I
found out I was also the heir to Miss Bess's estate.  Attorneys took care of the
estate and I was now a wealthy 19 year old orphan.  I would assume control over
my father's estate on my 25 birthday but Miss Bess had no such condition in her
will so that money was mine to do as I wished.  Of course father had provided
well for the Walter's and I maintained them on the payroll as well as keeping
the house.




LIFE AFTER COLLEGE THE FIRST FEW YEARS

After I graduated and passed my exams to get my license I didn't want to stay at
the big house so I bought a condo in a high raise on the beach with a view and
obtained a job with one of the large international accounting firms at the
office located not far from my condo.

I was dating and my boyfriend moved in with me.  Sex was good with him but over
time I realized I needed something else.  I would find myself fantasying about
being in the basement with the three stooges but not fighting this time, but
being tied up and used just as Barbara and Teresa were or of the times I spent
with Miss Bess and Mary Beth.

My personality for work and sex is TOTALLY different.  At work I can be
aggressive, not a bitch but I don't take a back seat to anyone, yet in bed I
like to be submissive, both with men and women, but I really haven't been able
to come out and tell them that.  With my last boyfriend (we broke up about six
months ago) I did get him to smack my ass during sex and even hold my wrists
sometimes.  I have always enjoyed the doggie position and oral sex, as I can let
my mind imagine that I'm being taken and used.

Either I hadn't met the right person or just couldn't convey what I REALLY
wanted.  I eventually broke up with my boyfriend and he moved out because he
wanted to start a family, kids, white picket fence and ME at home.  Not what I'm
looking for, at least not right now so we broke up amicably.

Now I was alone with no one to be with or talk to.  Mary Beth was in New York
working as an attorney and was planning to get married.  Miss Beth and my father
were dead and I was having more intense dreams of my pledge time, of time with
Miss Bess, with Laura and of just being with someone that understood my sexual
urges.  Many nights at home with my vibrator and imagination were all I had and
I knew that had to change.

That's when I again started to explore literature about sexual practices that I
had started in college and eventually to the Internet, chat rooms, picture
sights and discovered a world of submission and started reading stories of the
BDSM lifestyle.  I can tell you that chat rooms can be fun but you sure do have
to talk to a lot of duds.  I mean most of the men think the idea of BDSM is
"spread your legs and I fuck you fast and hard, slap your tits", then it's I cum
hard inside you as your have a wonderful orgasm.

Not a lot of imagination there but to be honest most men I think believe that
just because they have their 200 lbs. body laying on you with your legs spread
apart and their pelvis smacking into you a women is supposed to cum
"wonderfully".  I do believe most women, if they could be brutally honest with
their men, they would tell them it does take a bit more then that (OK enough
soap box stuff on men and how they can be insensitive jerks, there are plenty of
wonderful men out there and I do enjoy sex with them) .  But if you look long
enough you do find some good ones, but then as the wise man says be careful what
you look for, you might just find it.




INTERNET DISCOVERY

After several weeks of looking around the net, reading stories and some web
sites with advice on finding and getting into the lifestyle (seems that's what
most people call it),chatting with some very nice people and with a few really
weird ones (yea I know I'm the one to talk, being that I want to be tied up and
whipped, and at the moment feel like a punching bag, but you REALLY do meet some
weird ones on the net).   I started chatting with someone, his name on the net
was The One.......that's the first thing I noticed it wasn't MASTER, or LORD
just The One.  The name I had finally  settled on after trying quite a few was
"curious", it seemed a good one to use and after only a few hours on the net I
learned that submissive always use lower case letters .

The One messages me and asks what I was curious about (not original but that was
fine).  I was straight forward, sent a polite reply that I was interested in
learning more about the lifestyle, that I was interested in it and expanding my
knowledge to see if it really interested me. 

He didn't reply with the normal, call me on the telephone, or how big are your
tits, or drop down and suck my cock, he wrote back that there is much to learn
about the lifestyle, and had I done any research on it or been involved before. 
I replied yes, and provided a general description of my previous activities.  He
sent back a message that if I was interested he would e-mail some information
(the e-mail was one I had set up for my Internet play and had no personal
information so giving it out was no big thing).

We sent several more messages back and forth related to what I did know, he
asked questions, I answered them.   One thing he asked was if I was a submissive
or slave, I replied that there the same and he answered no they are not.  There
was quite different, a sub has limits, per his reasoning which he admitted
didn't mean he was the only person with the correct answer but it was his
opinion to which he was entitled to, but  a true slave relies on her Master to
decide the proper limits and that a slave's true pleasure is in serving her
Master.

We ended up chatting for quite a bit of time, he was interesting to talk to, and
he could actually type well and was articulate, a real change.  He never tried
to get me to do a scene, we just chatted regarding different things related to
BDSM.  He said he enjoyed chatting with me, would send the information to me via
e-mail by tomorrow and that he hoped we would meet again.  He signed off and I
figured that my chances of getting anything were slim to none so I chatted with
a few people and then sighed off and went to bed after some serious masturbation
and fantasies.




FIRST CONTACT

The next night I got home and logged on to check my e-mail and there was one
there from him.  I was actually surprised, and pleased.  It had several
attachments to it so I scanned them for virus's then loaded them on my P.C.  
The e-mail was short and to the point.

     curious:

     Enjoyed chatting with you yesterday.  You sound like an intelligent
     individual and I am sending you the information we spoke of.  Read
     through it, think about the material VERY seriously Miss.  The true
     practice of power exchange is simple yet complex.
     
     Simple as it allows one person the power over another yet complex in
     that even though the slave gives up freedom of choice they do remain a
     thinking and feeling person.  They may be treated as they are not but
     the true power is that this lifestyle truly frees both the Master and
     the slave.
     
     One thing basic to this lifestyle is truth, something that I must
     stress.  Each party must be absolutely truthful to the other, we are
     dealing with emotions, both mental and sexual, which are the most
     secret things an individual has.
     
     Read through the material, you will find several exercises, positions
     and rituals explained.  There are many others but these are some basic
     examples.  If after you have read the material, thought through it,
     and if YOU decide you wish to contact me via the e-mail address you
     may.
     
     Before you do contact me I expect that you will have memorized the
     positions, done the exercise's outlined and are familiar with the
     rituals that are included, ONLY then e-mail me.  If I find you are
     lacking in your preparation our second meeting will be our last.
     
     The material is self explanatory, do not e-mail questions to me, if
     you are unsure of something do your best to accomplish what you
     believe is correct and when we meet on the net I will answer any and
     all questions.  You have two weeks to practice and think on the
     matter, if after that time you do not contact me I will assume you
     have no interest to learn more and no e-mail from you will be
     accepted.
     
     Remember one thing Miss a slave is not some unthinking animal or
     robot, a well trained slave is obedient, well behaved, and of course
     graceful in all they do and a true wonder and enjoyment to there
     owners and friends.   But slaves DO THINK, a stupid slave is of no use
     to anyone.
     
     The One




MEETING MASTER ON-LINE

I read the e-mail several times, the part about a slave being a thinking person
was a bit strange but so be it.  I printed out the additional material that was
sent and read through it several times before deciding that I would follow the
instructions, then contact him to see where it lead.

The material contained printed material and pictures of a nude female in six
different positions along with an explanation of each of them.  She appeared to
be in her mid twenties with blonde hair in a French braid entwined with black
lacing.  The braid was sticking out of a black hood that covered her entire head
with eye and nose holes but no opening for her mouth.  She had small pert
breasts capped with pink nipples, a black collar around her neck and her pubic
area was shaved.

I studied the pictures of her posing, read the enclosed caption for each then
carefully reviewed each picture again noting the exact positions of her hands,
arms, head and feet.  The captions explained that each position was numbered so
that a slave could memorize the number of each then move to the correct position
without further instructions.

The additional material contained a sample exercise plan to enhance your
flexibility, instructions on how to greet a master, clothing for the slave to
wear and proper terms for a slave's body parts. I read over the body part names
which didn't surprise me much except for the mouth that was called among other
things a suck hole and toilet.  The suck hole was understood but toilet made me
shudder.  The rest were what you'd expect such as cunt, fuck hole, ass hole,
shit hole, tits, utters, milk bags etc.

The clothing that a slave would wear, unless instructed otherwise, was a bit
different.  Nothing sexy just a man's white dress shirt with the cuffs rolled up
two turns and the top four buttons left undone.  It was quite explicit as to how
to iron the shirt, creases in the front and back, tailored with approximately 2"
of room at the waist so the slave could move comfortably in it to any position
required.  In addition to the shirt white ankle socks were designated as
additional footwear.  The shirt was to be hand laundered by the slave, as were
the socks, then ironed by the slave personally.

The slaves hair was to be in a single braid centered at the crown of the head
and entwined with a leather thong that was used to secure the end.  Again the
instructions were extremely exacting as to how the braid was to be done as were
all the instructions provided.

I started reading the chapter on "Preparing To Meet An Owner".  Again the
preparations were explicit as to what to do.  First a shower and then inspection
to ensure all body hair was removed, finger and toenails cleaned and trimmed,
hair washed and conditioned, douche, three enema's to ensure cleanliness, teeth
brushed, hair properly styled as instructed with light makeup and pale lipstick,
no colored finger or toe nail polish was allowed, just clear lacquer.

To ensure the slave was ready for what ever was required the cunt and ass hole
had their own preparations.  The slave was to properly lubricate their ass with
KY making sure it was well stretched and available for use with any excess
lubricate wiped from the outer area .  This was to be achieved by inserting two
fingers up to the last knuckle or some other suitable instrument.  The slave was
to make sure that the orifice was able to take this with little or no effort.

The slave's cunt was to be stimulated manually until sufficient arousal was
achieved to provide a well lubricated channel that was available for use upon
the master's entry.  The two areas could be stimulated at the same time but the
manual stated the slave was not to cum unless authorized to by their
Master/Mistress.

The slave was to spend 30 minutes in warm up exercises to limber the muscles, 30
minutes reviewing study material and lastly 30 minutes in position 2
contemplating her duties to the master.  Position 2 was sitting with the bottoms
of your feet touching, hands resting palms up, fingers together and naturally
curved with tips even with knees, elbows tucked in to your side, back straight,
shoulders back and chin level.  As the caption stated this should be a relaxed
position, neither rigid or forced but held gracefully.

There was even instructions on how to get to the position.  A slave was to stand
at attention which was position 1, lower herself down gracefully raising up to
the balls on her feet until the hands touched the ground.  Then you were to sit
down, heels tucked as close to the ass as possible, then allow the legs to open
up and the soles of the feet to remain together as the legs opened like
butterfly wings.  Then the hands were to be placed properly on thighs and the
feet centered with the slave's body.  It also stated that a slave should be able
to remain in that position for several hours.

I started to try it and realized that the limbering up was required if you were
to do this with any kind of grace.  I started to practice getting into position
2 while in front of the mirrored closet doors so I could tell if I was graceful
or not.  After three times I decided that this was going to take a lot more
practice then I first thought.

Additional information related to a slave always using the third person when
addressing anyone, that a slave unless attending to someone specifically was to
keep her eyes roaming the room least someone require her assistance.  A slave
was never to look a non-slave in the eyes unless told to and to be polite and
unobtrusive to all when not being used.  Someone had gone to a lot of thought
about this material and having read it I knew I would have to think about
e-mailing him.

I mulled it over that night as I lay in bed my thoughts wondering over my past
and what I was really looking for.  I hadn't found anyone on the net that was
remotely interesting except this person.  As for my real life relationships
since Mary Beth's leaving I hadn't really had any sexual experience that excited
me as much as her or Miss Bess.  I decided to start practicing the next day as
part of my normal workout routine.

I didn't e-mail back right away since I wanted to see if this was something that
I would stick to, assuming this wasn't someone's idea of having a good time at
my expense.  The thought entered my mind that maybe this was just something he
did to amuse himself, having someone practice all these things and then never
contacting them again.

I spent the next week going through each position trying to move from one to the
other gracefully since the manual seemed to stress this point.  I did find that
changing positions was tough on the thigh muscles but at least if this person
never contacted me again I was getting a good workout.  I e-mailed him several
days before the dead line and waited.

I received a reply the next afternoon with some addition instructions.  I was
provided two different days to make the appointment the upcoming weekend, either
Friday or Saturday night.  The only instruction as to what I was to do for the
meeting was that I was to "properly prepare" to meet him and be in position 2
when he logged on.

The second thing he wanted was for me to equip my P.C. with voice software along
with information on what software to purchase and the site address to meet him
at.  I was only to contact him if I had problems with the hardware for my
computer except for choosing the day we were to meet.  I purchased the required
equipment, tested it as best I could then confirmed the Saturday night
appointment via e-mail.

The 7:00 P.M. meeting time gave me time to prepare for him.  I felt stupid but I
followed the instructions with showering and shaving my legs and home waxing the
rest of the hair on my pubis.  It felt funny to have a naked pussy but it also
felt sexy so even if he didn't show I thought I'd keep it that way for awhile. 
After completing all the instructions including the finger fucking of my pussy
and ass I was ready.  I fully enjoyed that part of getting ready and had a HARD
time not cumming.

So there I was P.C. on sitting in position 2 trying to control my excitement and
watching the screen with a bit of dread.  If he became to strange I knew I could
just disconnect but I was fearful that I would do or say something stupid. 
Finally I saw him connect and heard his voice for the first time.

"Good evening  Miss I see the equipment is working, you will describe your
position and how you prepared for the meeting".

"Good evening Sir......I'm in position 2.......", I then proceeded to tell him
how I prepared in as much detail as I could.  His voice was a deep masculine one
and I wondered what he looked like.

"I see Miss it seems that you have read your material, before I start I do want
to explain some things to you.  First off I am not your boyfriend or lover never
think of me that way I am your Master and teacher.  Second thing is that you
will be assigned punishment points for failure to act properly in action or
speech.  You may feel the assignment of points is arbitrary but I assure you it
isn't.  Third issue is if you wish to ask a question you will do it simply by
saying excuse me Sir this slave has a question.  Since I can't see you I have no
other method of knowing if you need further instructions, though in a face to
face meeting it would be a bit different.  Understand so far Miss".

"Yes Sir.......uhhhh should I address you as Sir or Master".

"You have earned your first 5 punishment points Miss...........I believe you
know that a slave always uses the third person when speaking".

My stomach did a flip flop at that and I shook my head with disgust at being so
stupid.  "I'm sorry Sir....." realizing I had just screwed up again.

"You now have 10 points Miss now relax take a several deep breaths, remember my
e-mail where I wrote slave's think.......well I believe you now may understand
what I mean a bit better.  It's more difficult when talking then writing, that's
why I prefer to meet this way".

"Yes Sir.....Sir how is this slave to address you".

"Again you earn 5 more points Miss...........either you don't listen or just
wish to see how many you can get at one session, how did I say to ask a
question".

I had to think for a minute, this was a LOT harder then typing. 
"Uhhhhh......well.......".

"I told you a specific phrase didn't I Miss".

I sat there trying to think of the exact words and I could feel myself start to
perspire.  I couldn't imagine what I'd be doing if he were sitting here looking
at me.

Breaking the silence he finally gave me a break, " I told you to simply say
excuse me Sir this slave has a question and you wouldn't have had one if you
paid attention to what I said would you Miss".

"Sir ... I........ this slave was paying attention Sir...... I........ well" at
this point I knew I was in trouble but I was getting agitated at the same time,
with him and myself.

"Again we have the I word, another 5 points Miss now relax and I will give you
break time now, break time means that you can move and not worry about
punishment points but of course you will maintain a proper attitude towards your
position with me, understand Patricia".

Well at least he remembered my name.  "Yes Sir.........thank you
Sir.........this is a lot harder then I'd.........damn..........this slave
expected".

Chuckling softly "yes Patricia it is, now let me explain some things to you
while you gather yourself  together.  First thing is the mistakes are normal and
I am not upset with you at all.  As time goes on, if you wish to continue, the
amount of points will increase for these types of mistakes as will the
punishment for working them off.  Another thing is you will be given incentives
for good work".

"As you noticed I've addressed you by your given name, when I do this it means
it's break time until I address you as Miss or some other word that I'm sure
you'll recognize as meaning break time is over.  Even in a face to face training
break time is given so the master and slave can talk through what has been
happening".

"As we've been talking have you been moving about from your assigned position".

"Well.......... I.... have been Sir I'm sorry".

"How many times have you moved".

"Several times..........at least 4 times Sir"

"Then I think 5 more points are in order now Miss I have some specific questions
for you tonight".

With that I resumed my proper position and tried not to think to much on how the
inside of my thighs were starting to become sore. He wanted to know about my
work, not where but exactly what I did, my sex life in detail and why I thought
I was interested in the lifestyle.  He also asked  if buying the hardware or
other purchases he might require would create a financial burden.

I assured him that money was not an issue without going into detail about my
financial position.  He told me that normally the master would purchase anything
that was required for their property but given how we were meeting that wouldn't
be possible at the moment.  He assured me that he would not require my full name
or where I lived unless or until I was comfortable with the idea.

We had been at the question and answer for at least an hour when he allowed me
to get some water to drink and to stretch.  I was able to get through this
without earning any more punishment points and was feeling fairly confident with
what was going on but still unsure of where it was all going.  I was enjoying
the conversation with him very much when that abruptly changed.

"Now Miss the questions may seem to you to be very intrusive but as I told you
before property has no rights save those that the Master allows.  What you now
consider normal is no longer so.  A Master must be aware of his properties
requirements such as nourishment and personal safety but there is no longer such
a thing as right to privacy.  Slave's have no such right in their actions or
speech, even their thoughts are subject to being disclosed to their owner's.  Do
you understand this Miss".

"Yes Sir this slave understands what her Master has said".

"You told me you prepared properly when we first started this evening if that is
true then we may continue but that depends on you Miss.  Now tell again how you
prepared to meet me this evening".

Again I went through what I did, shower, shave, hair, makeup and so forth
feeling that I'd come a long way from when we started.

"Miss do you have hair on your arms".

I felt like someone had thrown cold water on me as I looked down at realized
that I hadn't even considered that.

"Ahhhhhhhh..........well Sir .............this slave didn't even think about
that Sir, this slave is sorry for her error" I stammered.

"Is removal of the hair on your arms going to effect your job or family
situation Miss, as you know your Master does not wish to intrude on what is
separate from this lifestyle".

"Sir............ I.............. I mean..........this slave didn't think about
my arms Sir".

"I see you lapse back quickly Miss, that's 10 more punishment points now ANSWER
the questions and stop trying to excuse your behavior" his voice much sterner
then at any other time.

"Sir this slave does not believe removing the hair on her arms would make any
difference in her work Sir".

"Now another question did you remove the hair from between you ass cheeks, upper
thighs, shoulders or back".

"No Sir ..............this slave didn't do that Sir" I mumbled feeling my
stomach turn knots.

"Then you haven't properly prepared for a Master, you did of course complete the
arousal part of preparation didn't you Miss".

"Yes Sir".

"You enjoyed it didn't you Miss".

"Yes Sir"

"Speak up your head has been lowered hasn't it Miss".

"Yes Sir" raising my head and voice.

"You completed what was enjoyable to YOU but didn't think of the Master's
pleasure did you slave".

"Sir.......it wasn't that..........I did think of your pleasure........I spent
time studying and practicing to be ready for you" I was teetering between being
upset and angry over the way this was going.

"You didn't THINK..........that is about anyone but yourself...........I have
told you that this lifestyle requires much more then a set of tits and a hole to
shove something into.   Property is for an owner's pleasure, the pleasure of
property is of no concern to them.  Property finds it's pleasure in serving what
ever the master wants.  It's a slave's duty to see to it that this pleasure is
fulfilled is that so hard to understand".

"No Sir it's not......it's just a lot to think about......to
learn............I'm........."

"Enough with this I and me shit, that's all you think about isn't it your petty
wants.  All body hair isn't hard to understand to someone that thinks.  If you
had a valid reason for not shaving your arms then I could understand but your
ass, no one's going to see that are they".

"No Sir............I can.........I mean this slave will shave properly Sir" my
voice starting to quiver from his tongue lashing.  I'd have preferred at this
point he was here and just spanked me rather then rake me over verbally.

"That's right now you'll cry......again thinking only of yourself instead of the
Master's pleasure, do you think anyone wants to see tears, snot and makeup
running down your face".

"Sir.........".

"Enough, you've wiped your nose and eyes haven't you".

"Yes Sir.....please".

"Now shut up I'm tired of your pathetic excuses I will give you your punishment
and assignment and we will be done for the night".

"Done............Sir.........we've..." I started to say with astonishment in my
voice when he cut me off.

"We've what........WHAT............not let you have sexual
satisfaction........is that what you've come to learn how to finger fuck
yourself while I listen to you leak your stinky fluids all over the
carpet........is that what you thought was going to go on tonight".

"Sir...........I ...........this slave wasn't sure......she thought......." the
tears now rolling down my face and dropping onto my bare breasts.

"You thought about YOUR pleasure.......your needs........your selfish needs to
have sexual gratification......your needs mean
nothing..............NOTHING..........just as you are a nothing".

"Please............Sir...........".

"Go blow your nose and return quickly".

Returning a bit more calmed "Sir the slave is back".

"Good, your punishment will be as follows, you will drink 3 full glasses of
water, when the glass touches your lips it will not be lowered until it is
drained.  You can wait 1 minute between glasses.  Then you will find a suitable
corner in your home, all the lights will be turned out except for one.  Then you
will assume position 4, do you know that position".

"Yes Sir, inspection position hands clasped behind head, elbows straight out
from body, shoulders back, chin level, feet spread outside of shoulder width
Sir".

"Good, you will remain in that position for one hour, use a timer.  If you move
from the assigned position you will keep count and report it to me.  After the
hour is up you will sit down and write me an e-mail outlining what you've
learned tonight and what your thoughts are.  Your true thoughts not what you
think I want to hear or what YOU want to tell me.  I will expect this sent
within three hours of me logging off".  "Do you have questions".

"No Sir...........no questions".

"One more thing, you will not touch that disgusting little twat of yours or have
any sexual stimulation until I have given you permission.  Your allowed only to
wipe yourself after you piss, no other touching allowed.  To be sure you don't
fiddle with that precious space between your legs at night you are to wear a
sanitary napkin and panties to bed, do you have some".

I was pretty well to shocked to reply to what he was saying.  I managed to
stammer "Napkins......no of course not...........I don't use them I".

"Fine then stuff toilet paper in the crotch of your panties then buy some
tomorrow, if you remain under my training your going to have to get use to
wearing them so don't worry about buying to many.  If I don't receive your
e-mail within three hours I'll assume that you have decided to seek what you
want elsewhere".

With that the connection was broken and he was gone.  I couldn't believe what
had happened.  I got up and went to start drinking my water and realized that I
was pissed off big time.  Who was he to treat me like this.  I had spent a lot
of time practicing and over 1 � hours getting ready just so I could sit in an
uncomfortable position and talk to him.

I went to my balcony and smoked and fumed.  Screw this shit who needs some crazy
guy who wants me to wear a napkin to bed and to run my life.  I sat and smoked
and thought about what had gone on and started crying.  Was he crazy or was he
right, was I really only interested in getting off and not about what the other
person wanted.

I knew what I had enjoyed in the past.  I started thinking about the time at the
sorority when the three stooges had me in their room.  Of how excited I was, of
how strong the orgasm was.  As I sat their looking out into the night with the
tears rolling down my cheeks I put out the cigarette and went to finish the
other two glasses of water.

I hadn't even noted the time he logged off so I wasn't sure how much time until
the e-mail was due.  I finished the two other glasses of water, started the
timer and stood in my corner.  Standing in the corner for 1hour is a LONG time. 
Besides not knowing how long you've been there my shoulders started to ache,
then the inside of my thighs, then calves, ankles.  Standing there trying not to
move and thinking of WHY was I doing this.

Finally the alarm went off, besides needing a long stretch to ease the strain on
my body I had to use the bath room badly.  I didn't think I would be able to
hold it but concentrating on that did at least take my mind off my stiff
muscles.

I sat down and wrote the e-mail.  He wanted my thoughts and feelings so I told
him.  Basically it was that given the time I had spent getting ready I felt that
nothing had been accomplished.  The more I wrote the better I felt then I
re-read what I had written.  He was right, I was selfish and only thinking of
what I wanted.  Before I really hadn't had a choice of what was being done.  Of
course I could have quit the sorority or told my father on Miss Bess but I
hadn't.  This was different I did have a choice.

I wrote an entirely different e-mail then the one I had started but left in the
original part as he said he wanted all my thoughts and I wasn't allowed privacy
in them.  I did tell him that I was looking for sexual relief but hadn't thought
of it that way before.  I admitted that I didn't drink the water as required and
stopped to smoke before I completed the punishment.  I sent the e-mail and
figured that it hadn't been over three hours yet, at least I hoped it hadn't
been.

I got ready for bed the last thing was putting on a pair of panties and stuffing
them with toilet paper.  It felt uncomfortable but I could decide what I would
do in the morning.  As I feel asleep my thoughts were jumbled up but I wanted to
talk to him again, to show him I wouldn't be selfish.

I checked my e-mail first thing and there wasn't any messages so I left the
house for errands and to play golf.  I played lousy because I couldn't
concentrate, my mind seemed to keep drifting to my pussy and if he had sent me
an answer to my e-mail.  Showering when I returned home the water running over
my body with a stream of it running directly against my bald pussy.  It felt
good, I had never tried that before for stimulation and this was a hell of a
time to discover something new.

I found my hand going to rest in my crotch all night.  No matter what I did I
seemed to feel an itch between my legs.  Never really having been stopped from
masturbating before I couldn't get my mind off how it would feel to touch
myself.  Finally going to bed with a sanitary napkin safely in my panties I
tried to go to sleep and wondered when he was going to e-mail me.

In the morning I did my usual workout, including practicing several of the
positions that he had sent to me.  I was kneeling in position 3, which was a
standard slave kneeling position, knees spread apart, shoulders back, hands
resting on thighs with finger tips at knees and together and elbows tucked into
you sides.  Looking into the mirror at my shaved pussy I could see my lips
parted a bit and could feel they were wet.  I had showered but when I got up to
start getting dressed for work, walking around my room naked I could feel the
lips moving against each other stimulating more sticky fluid.  I was going to
wipe it away but remembered that I wasn't allowed to touch it except to wipe
after a pee.

At 10:00 A.M. I finally got an e-mail from him.  I hadn't gotten a lot of work
done but I was extraordinarily aware of my pussy the entire day.   The e-mail
said he was satisfied with response and that he would meet me at 8:00 P.M.
Wednesday night.  I was to be prepared properly and unless work interfered with
this meeting I was not to contact him.  Christ how was I going to get through
the next three days.

The big dilemma on my mind this morning wasn't how to remove all my body hair
but by whom.  I'd always gotten a bikini wax when summer started every year but
couldn't decide if I should go there to have it done or just use hair remover. 
Thinking about having the girl I usually used do it was both arousing and
embarrassing but then I thought maybe He would appreciate the fact I'd had it
done by someone else.

I made the appoint for that evening since I was afraid I'd chicken out if I
didn't do it right away.  I had told the receptionist that I required a full
body wax which didn't seem to elicit any unusual response from her.  I arrived
after having had a stiff drink and as usual they provided a glass of wine so you
would be relaxed.  I sat sipping my wine thinking if I was really going to go
through with this when they called my name.

I went into the booth and undressed down to my bra and panties and sat on the
table waiting.

"Hi Patricia haven't seen you for a couple of months how's everything going"
Claudette happily greeted me.

"Hi every things going fine".

"Ok..........says here a full body wax" looking up at me and smiling, "that's
going to take some time so let me get some more wine for you.  You'll have to
remove the panties and bra for this treatment" she informed me and left the
room.

I felt my face flush which was stupid, I didn't owe her any explanations for
what I wanted it was a service they advertised so I couldn't possible be the
only person to want one but I still felt apprehensive and besides that I could
feel myself getting aroused again.

"Hey come on get them off or well never get out of here" Claudette's entrance
brought me back to reality.

"Sure no problem" so I hopped off the table lost my bra and panties and laid
face down on the table.

"Back first no problem, here's some wine and a straw so you can drink while your
laying down, this is going to take longer then usual but relax and enjoy it".

It didn't hurt but the continual touching and pulling of the tiny hairs of my
back was distracting.  She finished my back and legs and now my decision was
should I tell her to do between my cheeks.  I was saved that decision as she
rubbed me down with a bit of body lotion which only caused my arousal to return
again.

"Ok Patricia you said a full body wax so I need you to get up on your knees and
spread them apart for me.  It's easier to get to the hard to reach spots that
way".

I didn't expect this for some reason, but found getting into position for her
was exactly like number 6 on His list.  Hands folded into a triangle with
forehead resting on them, forearms flat, knees wide apart, shins flat on ground
toes pointed.  I'd practiced this position many times alone but you don't really
get just how exposed you are until someone you don't know is standing there
waiting.

"Don't be self-conscious I do this all the time".

I was saved from having to tell her that I needed my ass crack done when I heard
her say, "listen I need a bit of help here, can you reach back and spread your
cheeks for me, that is unless you rather I didn't do it there, it's up to you".  

I mumbled a thank you spread myself wide and hoped she'd hurry.  It felt good as
she applied the hot syrupy goo with the wooden stick.  I tried my best to keep
my sexual tension under control as she used the paper to rip out the small hairs
around my anal ring and the underside of my pussy.  She was thorough and
professional with her work and soon had me on my back for the rest of the
treatment.

Doing the front seemed to take forever and I was starting to doze off when she
started on my pussy.  I jumped when she applied the liquid there.

"Sorry to hot".

"No it's fine was just starting to go to sleep".

She had me hold my legs up spread wide, with my hands under my knees supporting
them, and pulled back as far as I could, so she could again get to all those
hard to get to spots.  I was trying to hold my breathing in check as she did her
work.  I knew she could tell I was wet given the position I was in but there
wasn't anything I could do about it.  Finally she finished and said I could get
dressed.

As I was leaving she just smiled and said she hoped to see me soon.  If it
wasn't for His order not to touch myself I think I would have tried to see if
Claudette was interested in something a little more private.  I'd have to come
back when I had the time and his premission.

By the time Wednesday night finally arrived I had been in an almost constant
state of sexual arousal since I'd received his E-mail.  I had probably spent
more then three days without masturbating or even thinking about sex but since I
wasn't allowed to do it I continually wanted to touch myself.  It was bad enough
when awake but even my dreams were all sexual in nature and every morning when I
woke up my hands were in my crotch.

I showered, checked my nails and put my hair in the braid, I didn't need to
check for hair for at least six weeks though.  The biggest problem was having to
get my ass ready for him since I surely didn't need to stroke my pussy as that
was wet enough without any additional help from me, but I was truly afraid I
would have an orgasm from fucking my ass. I got through it without going over
the edge, barely then logged on to await him.

"Good evening again Miss are we properly prepared tonight, tell me what you
did".

"Yes Sir this slave has prepared properly tonight" and told him of my
preparations.

"Very good you haven't touched that cunt of yours except to wipe after peeing,
you did well Miss you actually thought about what you were doing, excellent. 
You adventure at the salon was very interesting and your thinking was correct,
it was much more exciting for me then having you take it off with hair remover. 
Now I read your e-mail fully, even though you didn't go right to your punishment
I will let that go this time.  Your new at this and it could be expected that
you would need time to think about the session".

"Have you been aware of your sex for the past several days".

"Yes Sir this slave has been VERY aware of her sex, more so then ever before".

"It is not YOUR sex Miss it belongs to me, just as your tits, ass, mouth, in
fact you are owned by me isn't that correct.  I may refer to it as your's for
the sake of good English but you will always refer to it properly".

"Yes Sir...........I am your property".

"Again we have 10 punishment points earned and we haven't even started yet".

Shutting my eyes tight and cursing inwardly "yes Sir this slave referred to your
property improperly".

"Good, your learning, what sex toys do you have slave".

"Sir this slave has a 6" vibrator".

"Is that all you have".

"Yes Sir but I .................".

"20 points".

"This slave can buy more if you wish Sir".

"Go get what you have a bowl of ice and a leather belt.  The belt should be the
heaviest one you have.  Before you go there is another thing a slave must know,
when leaving the presence of a master the slave stands gracefully, then takes
one step back lowers her head then pivots to the right to leave".

"Yes Sir this slave understands may this slave go get the items now Sir".

"Yes and be quick about it".

"Position 5 slave".

Position 5 was laying on your back, soles of feet flat on the floor with your
knees bent at 45 degrees and spread as far apart as you could.  "This slave is
in position Sir".

"Take the vibrator and run it along the outer lips...........good down and
up......slowly......that's right.. now along the slit just pushing then tip
inside........not bring it over your clit.......hold it there.............now
again........down the lips then up the other side.........inside the slit".

It went on for some time, my moans were clearly audible to him and his voice
held me in a trance.  I was so wet and the feelings the vibrator were sending
though me felt like a million tiny jolts of electricity.

"God...................Sir.......please......... I.......... so good".

"Another 10 points slave............take the ice and rub it against your
lips.........push it partially inside and rub it across your clit........now the
other hand use ice on your nipples.......first the right....now the
left.......draw it across your tits".

He kept it up for what seemed like hours, arousing me with the vibrator then
using the ice to keep me from cuming.  The ice felt hot like a flame, my nipples
were hard and hurting and I couldn't keep my hips from jerking up. 
"Sir.............god..........let..........me
................cum............pleasssssssse".

"Drop the vibrator and ice .... take the belt cunt you now have 30 points and
it's time to work some off".  "Take the belt and strike your open cunt with it,
I want to hear the sound of it hitting your bare flesh".

Splat the belt hit my pussy and I groaned out, it stung but not that bad.  "One
Sir".

"Harder........harder.............count.......tell me what you
are............who are you...........what is your purpose ".

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh............a slave..............nothing............nothing
Sir...........ahhhhhhhhhhh.....to serve you Sir.........to be your property". 
Again the belt fell causing my pussy to spasm.

"Fingers now..........push two up inside that slimy hole.........fuck my cunt
.............it's my cunt now.......isn't it.............tell me who owns that
slimy chute between your legs".

Two fingers worked deep inside me.  I was slimy and leaking all over the carpet
and could feel the juice coating not only my fingers but my hand as well. 
"Your's.......all your's Sir..........you own my
cunt.......anything......everything".

"Pull out your fingers..........don't cum........you don't have permission to
cum.........the belt......again.........again......again".

The bite of the belt was harsher now, groaning deeply I let the belt fly trying
to count as best I could.  "Ahhhhhhhhhhh..........yes..........yes".  My pussy
was burning now from the continued assault of the belt.

"Now clean your fingers, suck your smelly juices from your fingers with the hole
in your face.......do you know what that is for".

"What......for.." as I slurped the thick gooey juice from my fingers.

"What's below your nose slave..........what is it .......what is it for".

"Sucking cock.........what ever you want
Sir......please.........ahhhh......please".

"It's a suck hole.......say it .....what's it good for".

"Suck hole............slave's suck hole for cock.....".

"Who's cock".

"Yours Sir".

"Wrong......ice.........rub your cunt with ice now".

"God .............no................cold.......".

"Push it inside the treasure you bitches think you have.......shove two inside".

As the ice went inside me I thought I'd go out of my mind.  It hurt and felt
good at the same time, it didn't seem to lessen the fire that was burning
between my legs".

"Now you have to the count of 10 to cum.......if you do fine......if you don't
you won't be allowed to for a week".

"Nooooooooooo............ahhhhhhhhhhhh".  With that I thrust two fingers deep
inside my cunt, it felt cold and hot at the same time.  I could hear the
counting far off and my other hand went to work on my clit, pulling it, rubbing
it until I thought it would be rubbed off then I felt the explosion.  I don't
know if he was at 10 or not I simply went into my own world of pleasure for what
seemed like hours.

"Cumming..........now........yeeeeeessssssssss.........." I cried out in my
pleasure, my cunt contracting around my fingers holding them tightly inside my
wet hold.

I lay panting on the floor, my fingers still deeply pushed inside my pussy and
the cum and water mixing and leaking out and down my ass crack.

"Have you recovered enough to talk now ...........you became lost in your own
world Miss.....a slave should be aware of all that goes on around her in case a
master wishes her services".  

I was panting but finally answered him, "yes Sir.......this slave was lost to
her pleasures ...........that you allowed Sir".

"Good ........very good now an important lesson, position 2 Miss".

I weakly got to position 2 but it wasn't done gracefully "yes Sir what lesson".

"Anything that goes inside property must be cleaned with your
mouth.......anything......anywhere do you understand Miss".

"Yes Sir........anywhere Sir".

"Yes now clean your fingers......all of it".

I slurped off the mixture from my fingers and hand then found more coating my
cunt lips.  "Sir should this slave wipe her cunt lips and clean that also".

"Yes and the carpet.......it's wet isn't it".

"Yes Sir........".  Wiping the excess from my pussy and then leaning over so I
could lick up what was on the carpet including the loose threads which made my
mouth dry.

"Your cunt juice leaked between your ass didn't it bitch" he asked sharply.

"Yes Sir your slave will wipe that up also", I replied weakly, reaching between
my cheeks to clean the sticky fluid from between my cheeks then cleaning my
fingers again.

"Sir may this slave ask a question".

"Yes".

"This slave needs water Sir..........".

"Yes Miss you may get some........from now on bring a bottle of water when we
meet so you don't have to get up, it will be required and if forgotten you will
be assigned punishment points".

Gulping down water and bringing back a glass I assumed position 2.

"Now we have some things to discuss.  The first is your lack of equipment and
the second one of communication".  You will be sent an address of a store in
Hollywood to purchase several items, what they are is not important at the
moment.  You will also purchase some leather boot laces to make a whip.  The
whip needs 9 to 12 thongs about 12" long so buy enough for that.  Use duct tape
to bind them together and soak them in oil so they become pliable, understand".

"Yes Sir".

"The second issue is one of communication, I am going to e-mail you a cell phone
number.  It's only going to be used by me for this purpose so you don't have to
worry about anyone else answering it.  I want you to get a cell phone just for
me to call you on.  They are inexpensive but I don't want you to use your normal
one.  You will provide me with the number no one else.  You will have it with
you always for I may call you at any time.  I understand work issues so I will
not tend to impose on you during those hours nor you on me.  If it's important
call and leave a message for me.  As for your's if you can't answer it during
work hours I understand".

"You will provide me with a daily schedule via e-mail every Monday morning.  I
don't need specific places related to work but all other times will be accounted
for.  You will keep me updated on changes to the schedule, any questions so
far".

"No Sir...........no questions".

"You will e-mail me every morning with what you are wearing inside and out.  You
are also no longer allowed to wear panties at any time.  Thigh highs and garters
are preferred but panty hose are acceptable if there is a problem with the type
of dress you are wearing.  You will also not wear pants is that understood".

"Sir....there is some problem ..........some cloths need to have panties
worn.......their thin and don't look right........also
Sir............well..........".

"What is it Miss".

"Sir my period............I .........this slave needs to wear panties
then.........otherwise your cloths get stained Sir".

"Yes of course on those days you will wear plain white cotton panties and you
will tell me two day before your period starts, it is another requirement you
have now.  Another requirement is that you are only allowed napkins from now on
during your period.  You will also keep a pad and paper with you when we meet,
so you can keep track of your requirements as I add them".

"Napkins Sir" I asked in astonishment.  I had only worn them once or twice in my
life, they felt awful stuffed between your legs and looked even nastier when you
took them off as they were stained with the mucus and blood.

"Correct napkins, after a time you may again earn the privilege of wearing a
tampon, but not until I allow it, is that understood Miss".

"Yes Sir" I answered glumly.

"Another thing, you will call and ask permission of me to change them, if I
don't answer just leave a message".

"Yes Sir, Sir also your property needs to wear pants for some things like
golf.........running.......even at work I need ".

"10 more punishment points Miss".

"Yes Sir.............at work this slave needs to wear them on occasion since we
have to visit warehouses and such Sir".

"That will be fine Miss........since we are not together there will be times
I've given you an assignment that you won't be able to complete due to
circumstances that were not foreseen.  You can call me but if I can't be reached
then use your best judgement remembering that your duty is to please your
master.  You will explain the reason you couldn't complete or do the assignment
as you were told.  I won't punish you for using your judgement in these
matters".

"Thank you Sir".

"Now your assignment for the shopping trip.  You still have the sweatshirt from
your sorority".

"Yes Sir this slave does but this slave doesn't think it will cover enough, it's
shrunk some.  This slave will get another one Sir".  My stomach now churning and
thinking of my shopping trip when I was pledging.

"Fine...make sure it's brightly colored red or yellow..........along with
heels....ankle strap ones.......you will wear makeup.....your hair will be as it
is now...........a small purse to carry your personal things but that is all. 
Is that clear Miss.".

"Yes Sir.........I have shoes like that".  Tensing again for forgetting.

"10 more points...............how high are they".

"Three inches Sir".

"Higher ones will be purchased later, when you have the phone call me with the
number.  You will go to the store by next Sunday, it's open 24 hours so you
should have no trouble finding time.  E-mail me the day your planning to go so I
will be available and when you get to the store you will call me once you
arrive".

"Now as for your punishment points earned tonight, you will not sleep in your
bed for two days, use the floor but you are of course allowed blankets but no
pillow, you will also not be allowed to use any furniture.  Sit on the floor and
that includes meals, have you any questions Miss".

"No Sir this slave understands her assignment and punishment".

"Of course you know your not allowed to touch my pussy without permission, that
goes without saying.  One more thing before I go Miss, you will use a black
marker pen and mark above that cunt that belongs to me Master Carl's slave.  You
will always be marked from this day on any questions".

"No Sir...........your property has no questions".

"Good until next time".

With that he logged off.  I quickly wrote down the assignment and all the
requirements.  I sat out on my balcony looking over the water.  I lived on the
22nd floor of the building which gave me a magnificent view of the harbor and
coast line.  I realized that my orgasm was one of the most intense ones I'd felt
in a very long time.  I would have done anything during that session he asked of
me.

He didn't even consider if I would refuse his demands he just gave them with
knowing assurance.  Of course I hadn't even thought to question him about any of
them.   I sipped my drink and smoked thinking of what was happening to me but
feeling a contentment that I hadn't had since graduating college.




SHOPPING TRIP AND THE NEXT SIX MONTHS

Checking myself in the mirror I all ready to go on my shopping trip.  He had
been notified and all I had to do now was get up enough nerve to go down to my
car.  I contemplated using the elevator but opted out for the stairs.  I was
wearing a bright red sweat shirt that came a couple of inches below my cheeks,
black ankle strap 3" heels, matching lipstick that Master Carl ordered and a
small purse.  I hadn't worn a braid since I was fairly young but liked the way
it looked on me and I felt sexy and slutty at the same time.

The store was located in Hollywood which is 40 miles from my house so it took an
hour to reach there.  The hem of the sweat shirt was pulled up due to my sitting
in the car so anyone in an SUV or truck that cared to look got a wonderful one
of my bald pussy.  If they'd gotten a feel they would have found it wet and to
my utter humiliation was actually leaking some of the fluid onto the car seat.

The store was a large one specializing in bondage and sex equipment and the
parking lot was 3/4 full of cars even on this late Saturday afternoon.  I
carefully got out of the car trying not to make to big of a show with this
outfit on and dialed Master Carl's number.

"Yes".

"It's me Sir I'm in the parking lot".

"You seem to have quite a problem with what you are Miss" he scolded me.

"Yes Sir this slave referred to your property incorrectly again" trying to keep
my voice down so passerby's wouldn't hear how I was talking to him.

"You will give yourself two hard swats with your hand on your bare ass Miss".

"Here in the parking lot.....someone..." he cut me off.

"Yes right there in the parking lot unless you'd rather I have a salesperson do
it in the store, hold the phone so I can hear it".

Looking around I waited until the car near me pulled away then followed his
instructions.  I bent forward holding the phone near my butt and delivered the
required swats.

"Good.....now go into the store with me on the phone and find a sales person. 
Then give them the phone".

"Yes Sir" I felt my face getting hot and hoped it didn't match my sweatshirt or
the palm prints I'd left on my ass.

Inside the store I found it brightly lit and well organized with at least two
dozen people looking about.  The security guard gave me a nice smile and I
looked over to him to see a security monitor by his desk with a full view of the
parking lot.  Now I was sure my face was as bright as my shirt and hurried past
him with a weak smile to find a sales person.

Looking around the store I found most of the people were dressed much as you'd
see in any store, except for me maybe.  There were middle age couples looking at
dildo's, young couples browsing through the rack of whips and a few women that
definitely looked to be, for want of a better term, dykes.  I saw one of them
looking me over like I was part of what was for sale.

"Well what is taking so long" he asked startling me as I had forgotten all about
the phone I was holding to my ear.

"Sorry it's busy and someone was looking at me" I answered.

"I believe that's 10 points Miss, you seem to have forgotten how to address me
all of a sudden".

"Well........mmmmm........people are here Sir" I said in a soft whisper.

"Speak up slave or shall we just forget this whole thing"

"No Sir I answered.......please........." I answered louder but softer then
normal.  I glanced at the dyke and she had a broad smile on her face and I knew
she had head me.  She turned and went back to her shopping having decided I was
taken merchandise.

Finding a saleswomen was not a problem one of them approached me smiling.  She
was dressed pretty normal, jeans and tank top but was wearing a slim black
collar around her neck.

"Can I help you find something" she asked cheerfully.

"Yes...........well..........".

"Give her the phone slave" he ordered.

Handing over the phone I let my eyes go to the floor.  I could feel the cool air
conditioned air moving over my bare pussy and closed my legs tightly together. 
The soft material on the inside of the sweatshirt was teasing my nipples
delightfully but given the thickness of the material no one could see just how
hard they were.

I looked up to find her walking away and quickly followed, it appeared Master
Carl knew what he wanted me to purchase.

"Yes Sir.....yes we have several........." she had stopped at the display of
butt plugs and was picking them up and reading the dimensions to him while I
stood there looking like an idiot.  Looking around the store it didn't appear
anyone really noticed me except for the dyke that had come closer and was eyeing
me again.

"How's this one look to you" her voice breaking into my thoughts.

She was holding up two plugs, one was small and about 3" long but the other
looked huge.  It was black rubber 5" long with the normal tapered front but
bulged out to at least 3" in diameter then came down to a small end with a
flange at the end.  I just stared at them wishing she would at least not hold
them up so everyone in the store could see them.

"Well............the small one is ..........well nice...........I'm not sure
about the larger one......" I stammered.

She handed me the phone "the larger one is only medium and will fit just fine
won't it slave".

The moment of truth, no matter how softly I answered him she was going to hear
me, along with the dyke that was standing close by watching me with an amused
smile on her face.  "Yes Sir it will fit ............fit..........".

"Fit what Miss" he asked in a foreboding voice.  The moment of truth was here,
if I didn't answer properly he would either hang up, which meant I was left
standing there with two butt plugs, a dead phone and a sales clerk that already
had guessed what was going on, or I could just answer him properly and get it
over with.

"It will fit your slave's ass nicely Sir" I finally answered in a normal tone of
voice.

The sales girl was trying to suppress her smile and was looking down but I don't
think she was as humiliated as I was.  The dyke on the other hand just nodded
her head approvingly and stayed near by to watch the show.

"Very good Miss you have taken a big stride along the path, give her back the
phone" he said with what sounded like real pride in his voice.

I felt good too, I held my head up and handed her back the phone.  "Master Carl
wants to talk to you now".  Saying that out loud gave me a good feeling deep
down inside myself and I felt I'd passed a mile stone in my short journey along
the path as Master Carl called my training.

"Yes Master Carl..........she....well..........the women here called you that
Sir" laughing at what he said to her, "yes Sir she's quite attractive in what
she's wearing.....yes Sir both of them.  Follow me ok" she said and turned and
walked toward another display rack.

I looked over at the dyke, smiled politely and followed behind her pulling the
end of the shirt down as much as possible.  I didn't have to glance behind me to
know I was being followed by my new friend.

This rack was dildo's in all shapes and sizes.  Some were huge and I couldn't
believe you could use one except on an elephant or something.  Again the helpful
sales girl went through several of them explaining the size, texture and shape
to him on the phone.  I was getting worried as she seemed to be telling him
about some sizeable instruments but finally she selected a reasonably sized one.

Holding it up for me to inspect "how does this one look Miss".

I took it and the phone, it was 8" with a suction cup bottom, authentic in all
respects as the box said.  It was no bigger then I'd used before and was
actually wondering why I hadn't bought one before this.  "Yes Sir.......it's
fine sir...............no it will fit fine Sir" I happily answered his
questions.

"Will it fit both cunt and shit hole slave".

"Yes Sir..."

"Yes WHAT slave"

I resigned myself to the fact he was testing me fully today and gave him the
answer he wanted.  "Yes Sir the dildo will fit your properties cunt and shit
hole Sir".  The sales girl had moved about a foot away so as not to make it
obvious she could hear.  I was starting to like her, she knew what was going on
but had the courtesy to at least try to make it easier on me.

On the other hand my dyke companion had been joined by what I assumed was a
close friend and they didn't seem to know the meaning of the word privacy.  I
looked over to them with a not so sweet look on my face weighing my chances
against the two of them in a fight.  The heels were a problem but I might just
get away with it, maybe.

Having picked out another needed toy we went to a show case where a set of
nipple clamps with chains were selected.  There was a huge case of collars and
when we stopped there my heart started hammering in my chest.

Handing me the phone the sales girl walked a discrete distance from me.  "Yes
Sir".

"The display case your standing in front....what do you think Miss".

"Well Sir..........it's...........there are collars in it Sir".

"Yes I know that Miss normally a Master collars a slave himself but give the
circumstances I can't.  Would you like to wear my collar slave".

I hadn't thought about it much, of course I knew the significance of the collar
from reading and talking with people on the net.  It was to symbolize his
ownership of me but I already felt owned.

"Sir......sir this slave is already your property Sir........if it is your
pleasure to have me .......your slave that is..........have one then this slave
will be pleased to Sir".

"Very good little one..........very good you thought of your Master's pleasure
first.....not your own but you still get 10 points for improper use of
words......put the girl on the phone again".

They talked for some time going through the different collars then took one out
for me to try on.  I glanced around the store quickly then tired it on, she
buckled it up and asked if it fit ok.  I looked at myself in the mirror
forgetting about anyone seeing me try it on.  It was black leather about 2" wide
with nicely rolled and padded sides.  The inside was lined with a soft material
with chrome D rings on the front and back of the collar.  I liked the way it
felt on my neck.

"Yes Master Carl she looks wonderful in it"

I followed her to another display case not even bothering to remove the collar. 
This time I not only felt uncomfortable but I think even the sales girl did. 
The case held enema equipment.  She described several ends to him and I looked
at them carefully.  She finally selected two, one was black plastic with an
inflatable ball and the second was metal and shaped much like the butt plug but
longer.  She also selected a 3 quart bag and took everything to a register.

She walked away leaving me standing there with the two dykes eyeing me like they
wanted to purchase me.  She came back shortly and as I started reaching for my
credit card she said "don't bother Miss we put it on Master Carl's credit card".

"Really......well.......ummm.......good thank you".  Somehow I was startled by
this and wanted to ask to see the receipt so I would know his full name but
first I didn't think she'd show me, second I didn't want her to know that I had
no idea who I was actually calling Master, and third he didn't know my name so
it wouldn't be fair to him unless I was going to tell him who I was.

As she handed me my new toys she smiled nicely to me saying "hey you did really
well, sometimes they just run out or start crying you made this a lot easier on
me".

"You mean this happens a LOT" I exclaimed.

"Not the phone part.......though that was really neat.......but people come in
here and it's obvious that one of them are being trained.  Sometimes it's
interesting to watch but you did well above average.  By the way do you want to
put the collar in the bag or just wear it out" she asked with a sly grin.

I hadn't even realized that I was still wearing the collar,
"ummm........well........." fingering the soft leather encircling my neck, "if
it's OK I'll wear it" I answered softly looking down at the counter top.

Smiling she responded "I didn't want mine off the first time either, take care
and be safe in your play Miss" she said handing me back my phone.

I thanked her and started for the door feeling I'd accomplished something
important.

I settled into the car with the bag next to me when the phone rang again.  "Yes
Master Carl".

"You've done well so far slave, feel your cunt and tell you Master how wet my
property is".

Lowering my hand I felt my lips and they were indeed wet along with the inside
of my thighs.  My fingers touching the smooth skin of my aroused lips sent
tremors of pleasure through my entire pussy.  "Yes Master your slave's cunt is
wet as are her thighs".

"Good now take out the dildo and suck it".

"In the car...............like this.......please......" I stammered alarmed at
his request.


"Your hesitation has earned you 20 punishment points" he responded harshly. 
"Now put the phone on hands free and do as your Master says".

I fumbled with the ear piece since my hands were trembling but finally got it
plugged into the phone jack and attached to my ear.  "Yes Master Carl it's on
hands free".

"Now suck the dildo bitch..........I want to hear my property slurping at the
nice cock your Master has bought you.  Don't bend over sit up straight and suck
the cock" he ordered me.

I looked furtively around the half filled parking lot as the dying rays of the
sun allowed for some darkness to cover my actions.  I felt tears welling up in
my eyes with a hot flush warming my face as I looked at the dildo.  I licked the
head tentatively still eyeing the surrounding area when his harsh tone brought
me back to my Master.

"I said suck it bitch so your Master can enjoy his property.....feed it into
that whore's mouth of yours until it hits the back of your throat" he commanded.

As tears started down my cheeks I slid the plastic cock into my mouth tasting
that distinct rubbery taste I'd known so many times before with Miss Bess.  I
started working it into my mouth, first just the head, then down the shaft
trying to adjust my neck so I could take it all the way down.

"Harder...........deeper slave.....slurp on it like the cock sucking whore you
are".

His words clawed at my sole, I'd told him in great detail of my past experience
and he was making good use of the knowledge.  The only way to get the phallus
all the way down was to either lean my head back so my actions were even more
displayed or position the dildo on the passenger seat.

Faster slut..........hold the dildo up so you can fuck your throat properly".

He seemed to read my mind, his words had become harsher then ever before to me
but his voice still held the quite hypnotic cadence of our other conversations. 
I pushed the dildo down my throat sliding down in my seat so there was room for
it above my face.  The hem of my sweat shirt pushed up over my bare ass as the
tears ran down my face into my ears.

"Louder bitch........let me listen to how well you pleasure your new toy".

No longer worried someone might see I was lost to my Master's voice.  I sucked
the shaft deeply into my mouth fucking my face until the head was down my
throat.  Gagging slightly I adjusted the angle and relaxed my muscles so I could
take the entire length inside my mouth.

"That's right bitch.......suck it all down..........lick it.......think of your
Master's hard cock and the pleasure that cock hole under your nose can bring him
and those he wishes".

I was lost in my world of sucking but dimly heard his words "those he wishes". 
He had never referred to sharing me with anyone else, in fantasies I had thought
of it but at his first reference to this a cold shiver ran down my spine.

"Enough.........put it in the wet hole between you slut legs........spread them
wide and fuck the cock deep inside you bitch".

I didn't hesitate simply pulled my legs up so my cunt was open and slid the hard
fake cock deep inside my pussy moaning loudly as I did,
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh........yes.......".

"Hold the phone so your Master can hear your whore hole as it's fucked by the
new toy".

Complying without even thinking I held the mouth piece so he could indeed hear
the wet sounds of the cock fucking my cunt.  No not "my cunt", his cunt, he
owned it for his pleasure and use not me.  I stroked the long cock in and out
several times then brought the ear piece back up so I could hear my Master's
voice again.

"Good bitch...........now shove it all the way in for it's time to leave".

I pushed it deep inside my waiting hole, wanting the pleasure to continue but
knew only my Master's command would allow me to cum.  Sitting up to start the
car I saw the two dykes standing outside my window smiling down at my exposed
pussy with the dildo sticking out of it.  I looked at them horrified at how they
were seeing me.  I started the car backing it up and leaving the lot as quickly
as possible.

 "Master two dykes were watching me".

"So............let them.........were I there you would be servicing them now. 
Drive to a gas station with a store and buy some KY or other lubricant, make
sure it has a bathroom, then call me back bitch" and he broke the connection.

I drove from the area checking my mirror to make sure the two were not following
me.  Then found a AM/PM store and parked out front.  I pulled the dildo out of
my wet hole and found it gleaming with my cunt juice.  My seat was sticky with
it as were my thighs and fingers.  Master had told me that anything that had
been inside his property must be cleaned off with my mouth.

The cock was coated with my juice and I leaned down in my car and licked it
clean along with my fingers.  My thighs and pussy were coated with the thick
leavings of my cunt with a trial of it that snaked well below the hem line of
what I was wearing.  I waited until the store was empty and went in to purchase
the lubricant with a gnawing fear of what he would require next of his slave.

I found the KY, picking two tubes as they were small.  Walking about only
reminded me of my moisture as I could feel my cunt lips sliding against each
other with every step.  As my thighs rubbed together the slickness was spread
further around them as more fluid leaked out of his cunt.

The clerk looked at me as I put down my purchase that now included a roll of
paper towels and bottled water to drink.

He was looking at me with both a mixture of surprise and pleasure but his eyes
were fixed on my throat.  "Anything else lady.............I mean just look
around all you want".

My first thought was of what a weird thing to say when I realized that I not
only had forgotten about the black leather collar around my throat but in my
preoccupation with the feelings between my legs I hadn't give a second thought
of how I'd been bending down to make my selections.

My eyes clamped shut to try to shut out the exhibition I'd just given this young
Asian man.  "A box of cigarettes and I need ..............well............do you
have a bathroom please" I asked finally opening my eyes but keeping them on the
contents of my purse.

"Sure lady" he grinned widely as he rang up my order, "anything you want".  I
took the key and my purchases then pulled my car around to the side.  I didn't
want to have to go back with the key because I knew Master Carl would be wanting
something from his property while in the bathroom.  I propped the door ajar with
my purchases gave the key back to the grinning clerk and called Master Carl
after taking everything into the bathroom.  With the ear jack in place I clipped
the phone to the collar of my sweat shirt so my hands were free for what ever my
Master wanted.

"Have you purchased what I told you to slave bitch".

"Yes Master Carl............your...........your ............slave has done as
your wanted Sir".

"Where are you now slut".

"In the bathroom Sir with everything that was purchased for you slave".  I eyed
my surroundings and found them not dirty but they weren't clean by any means. 
The small cubical contained a sink, toilet and sanitary napkin dispenser.  It
was designed for one person and I secured the inside lock so you couldn't use
the key to enter.  It was cold inside making me shiver even through the
temperature outside was still warm in the early evening.

"Put your collar on slave and remove the rest of what you are wearing and be
quick about it".

Master Carl this slave never took the collar off once it was put on in the
store.....if........if this slave has displeased you Sir............I'm".

Chuckling softly into my ear "no bitch you have not displeased your
Master...........you have pleased him greatly...........so the clerk saw you
then.....tell me what else did he see".

I quickly described what had happened in the store to him in the detail he
always liked.

"Good ...then my slave has pleased her master twice........even if it by
accident so be it now strip so your Master can further enjoy his toy".

I stripped down quickly as there wasn't much to remove anyway and placed my
shoes and top on some pieces of paper towel so they wouldn't get dirty from the
floor.  The cold tile floor felt sticky on the soles of my bare feet, my nipples
already hard were now standing out even harder  both from the cold interior of
the room and my anticipation of what was to come.

"Position 5 slave..........quickly".

"Master the floor........".

"10 more punishment points your Master is not interested in what a slave has to
say".

Quickly I assumed the position, flat on my back feet flat on the floor, knees
and feet spread wide apart for easy access to my cunt.  The cold sticky tile
floor felt vile against my clean skin and at this level the smell of urine was
very apparent to my nose.  "This slave is in position Sir".

"Good.......now the KY......take it and lubricate your shit chute..........also
the larger of the butt plugs............get it done quickly............describe
to me what you are doing...." his soft voice urged me.

"Sir the slave has coated the plug sir..........it's laying on her naked
stomach........the slave is now using one finger to coat your shit chute
sir.............now two fingers are inside........inside your slave
sir......yes..........all the way.........yes fully ......moving them
around....yes Sir......" I was starting to forget where I was concentrating and
telling my Master what I was doing and how his property was feeling.

"The plug ..........push the end into that tight hole...........yes just the
end....now work it further in.........about half way to the wide
taper.............further..............out...........roll it around
...........push it in.............to the wide part...........yes........no
further........roll it around........out.....again to the wide part
cunt..........don't stop...do not cum......you are not allowed to.........focus
away from YOUR pleasure bitch............focus your thoughts to the pit of your
stomach........you can...............do it".  He kept up his cascade of
instructions as he had me fuck my ass with the plug.

My ass ring loosened up and allowed the wide part to hold the muscle open.  The
sensation of burning was replaced with one of fullness as he had me roll around
the plug finally letting me let it slide in so the ring clamped down on the
small end.  The sensation of this cone shaped device that was over 4" long
shoved inside my shit chute was starting to overwhelm me.

"Slap that wet cunt of yours...........harder ...........I want to hear it
cunt........slap it.........use both hands bitch".  His voice took on a harder
edge as my hands slapped my gaping pussy over and over again.

It stung for the first several blows as they were not that hard.  As he talked
to me the slaps became harder, the sound no longer muted but a loud flesh on
flesh clap.  My cunt lips now hurt and as some blows fell at the top of my slit
my clit throbbed.   My hips bucked up off the floor so I could punish my cunt
more with the hurt now becoming a burning sensation and I could feel the heat
from the continued abuse of the tender meat between my legs.

My breathing was becoming shorter and more shallow as his voice assailed me to
punish the inside of my spread thighs.  I was using both hands to slap the
inside of my legs from the knees to my crotch always making sure I hit my now
tender cunt at least once for every 3 or 4 I gave my thighs. 

"Position 6 cunt....NOW".

I quickly turned over spreading my knees wide apart as I continued to punish my
sex.  My face was on the cold tiles as were my tits but I no longer cared that I
was in a public toilet far from home with a strange clerk that must aware of
what was going on. 

He had me again start with the plug, pulling it out so the wide ridge stretched
me, having me rotate it then pull it out only to plunge it back into my now well
opened passage. 

"Mas.......Mas...........ter...now.............please.........god.............ah
hhhhhhh...........yes.........fuck....... yes........" my voice had an intensity
as to my feelings so Master Carl could tell how his slave was feeling without
further description from me.

"Stop........stop..........STOP NOW cunt" Master Carl shouted into my ear.

I pulled my hands away from me but kept my ass pointed high up with knees spread
wide.  The plug was again seated inside my ass.  The fullness of it made more
intense by my heavy breathing which clenched my ass tight around it.  My body
was no longer cold as I was sweating with the grim on the floor now coating my
face, chest, arms, knees and shins.

I lay there panting, the actual desire to cum didn't seem to be as intense as I
thought it should be but I was aroused and didn't want to stop.  My total mind
was focused on what my Master wanted from me.

"Sit up leave the plug inside and turn over.......slide that fake cock you have
up inside your slave hole and catch your breath bitch".

I slowly rolled over and as my ass contacted the floor it pushed the plug deeper
inside causing a low moan to escape my throat.  I took the dildo from where it
lay on the floor, I didn't ever think of where it had been but simply sucked it
several times, then held my lips apart and shoved it deeply inside with a
throaty gasp of pleasure.

"Master.........Sir......." gulping deep breaths into my lungs "Master this
slave .......slave is your's...".

"Do you want to cum bitch" he asked sarcastically.

"Master this slave want's to please her Master....." trying to catch my breath
"Sir.......your pleasure......if you
wish..........it.........is.............for......." I tried to finish but needed
to get my senses back.  "Master may this slave have
water..........please.........I have some....with me".

"Yes .......yes bitch drink............rest for a minute and focus on your
Master".

I drained the water spilling some of it so it ran down between my breasts across
my stomach and down over my pussy.   The water no longer cold still was cool and
felt good.  "Master can this bitch put water on her Master's cunt.......", with
his permission I poured the water over my now throbbing cunt lips, savoring the
feel of it spill over the inner lips now exposed from the dildo stretching me
open.

"You have done well bitch...........VERY well and your Master is pleased with
you.  I know you were doing this for MY pleasure since your mind was far to
removed from rational thought to have not told the truth to me.  Now you will
simply put on your top, leave your shoes off , the dildo and plug are to remain
inside my property until you reach home.  Is that understood".

"Yes Master........your slave understand......dildo and plug inside your slave,
no shoes...just top until home".  I was resting my head against the cold wall
with my arm on the toilet not caring where I was in the least.  My Master was
happy with me which gave me a warm glow all over that was almost as good as an
orgasm. 

"You have done well little one" the phrase bringing a smile to my lips, "you
have worked off some but not all your punishment points".  This brought me back
to the full reality of the situation.

"Yes Master your slave acted improperly and knows she must be punished" even
knowing I had earned the points I was unhappy that I had displeased my Master.

"When home you will not shower until tomorrow morning, you will also spend one
hour in the punishment corner in position 4.  You have also earned an orgasm at
your choosing, do you understand slave".

"Master........an orgasm........what..." I spluttered.

Laughing at my inability to grasp what he meant "you know what an orgasm is
bitch........what you have earned is the choice to have one when and how you
choose........do you understand".

"Yes Master...............YES............thank you Master............" I gushed
smiling broadly.

"Now take care little one your Master must go now".  With that he broke the
connection.

I slowly got up from the floor and realized just how grimy I was and what no
shower REALLY meant.  Even though he hadn't taken away my privilege of using my
bed I had no intention of soiling my sheets with what was on my skin.  As I
eased my self up the dildo started to slide out of my pussy and I had to use one
hand to keep it in.  I knew that it was to heavy and slick to ever stay put no
matter how hard I tried to keep it inside myself.

I didn't really have any way to tie it in place so I decided this was on of the
times I'd use my best judgement given the circumstances.  Master Carl said he
wouldn't punish me for this type of decision since it was really a matter of
safety.  I didn't want to be fooling around with a dildo and trying to get into
the car after being in the bathroom so long.

I looked in the mirror and my makeup was a mess, the lipstick was smeared the
mascara smudged, my face dirty from the floor.  I wiped some of the grit from my
face and cleaned my collar off then put it back on.  I liked the feel of it
around my neck and admired it for a few moments.  Then pulling on my top and
gathering everything including my keys so I could get in the car quickly I was
ready to leave.

I peaked out the door and saw the parking lot had several cars at the pumps and
people walking around.  It was totally dark outside and with no watch on I
didn't know just how long I'd been in the bathroom.  I opened the door and
quickly got into my car, I'd worry about my seats getting dirty from my ass in
the morning.  I took the dildo and started to put in inside but I was no longer
wet.  Looking around to see if I was being watched I used the KY to coat it and
trying to be discrete worked it back upside my pussy.

It wasn't a very comfortable way to drive home the plug was starting to irrate
me so I was feeling a burning sensation and throbbing from it for the next hour
and a half it took to drive home.  The dildo was a bit easier to take but anyone
looking inside the car could see the end sticking out of me.  I drove home very
carefully as I didn't want to try to explain to a cop just "what" was going on.

I didn't use my free orgasm when I got home I wanted to save that for another
time when I wasn't so tired.  My pussy appeared to be a bit swollen from the
spanking I'd given it.  I couldn't believe I had actually hit it as hard as I
did but then I was learning many new things about myself from my Master. 
Pulling out the butt plug was another lesson in inflicting pain on myself.  The
plug had felt so good earlier going in but was now actually stuck inside my ass.

The jelly had actually tuned tacky which held it in place instead of easing it's
withdrawal.  The muscle of my ass had been clamped around the base so long that
it had tightened up.  I had to rock it around to break the seal of my anal
muscle which just made my already tender passage more  irritated then it already
was.

I tried my best to be gentle but finally realized that the muscle really
couldn't be stretched as readily from the inside as it was from the outside. 
With a great amount of groaning and some tears I finally got the wide part past
the muscle.  Once accomplished the remainder just slid out with a large fart.

I looked at the black latex covered plug with revulsion realizing that as a
slave it was required that anything put inside me had to be cleaned with my
mouth.  Usually this would not be such an issue as I would have had at least 3
enema's before putting anything inside but I hadn't done it before the shopping
trip.

I sat there with my entire shit chute and surrounding tissue pulsing with pain
and contemplated not cleaning it.  I almost fouled my floor as I felt the urge
to shit overcome me, just narrowly making it to the toilet.  I had the most
runny bowel movement I can remember, with all the accompanying gas escaping from
me in one big watery whoosh.

I knew there would be no way to do this particular task slowly for even with the
plug being black I could see pieces of shit clinging to it.  Closing my eyes I
started sucking it, then licking it clean.  I was surprised that it tasted
mostly like plastic but I could taste the shit on it when I got to the bigger
pieces.  Gagging I finished with my task then cleaning the dildo with my mouth
took my toys and washed them properly in the sink.

The punishment done I wrote a long detailed e-mail to Master Carl with how I'd
completed the punishment.  I included my cleaning of the toys along with how
hard and painful it was to get the plug out of his slave's shit chute.  Master
Carl always wanted a full explanation of what I did and my thoughts on it after
an assignment was completed.

The weeks passed with the sessions becoming more intense and all the purchases
from the store were used many times over.  He sent me a digital picture of
himself  in a bathing suit one day and I knew the time was here to send him
mine.  He was in his late 40's, about 6-3 with black hair just starting to have
streaks of gray.  He wasn't movie star handsome but good looking, not in to bad
of shape for a man of his age.  His middle was not flat but at least he didn't
have a huge belly.  All in all he looked good.

I sent him several of me I'd taken with my digital camera in the various
positions he had me learning along with a note asking him if my positions were
correct.  He suggestions was that I get a video camera that hooked up to the
P.C. so we could talk and see each other.  I should have guessed this would be
the next step along our journey and purchased the equipment.

I was finding out that he was correct, I was finding as much pleasure in just
pleasing him as I was in the sexual part of our relationship.  Using the video
hookup made it so much more intense as I could see his facial expressions along
with his voice.  I knew that he was pleased with seeing me naked or using the
various toys he had purchased for me in any way he desired.

The sessions were at least once a week with assignments between them.  My
requirements were growing from when we first started.  I no longer wrote him
what I was wearing he told me what to wear pretty much every morning.  I logged
on and panned my wardrobe as he selected what he wanted me to wear.  If he
wasn't going to be available then he would either pick several things at one
time or I'd have to decide and write him what I choose.

I was finding that if he wasn't picking out what I wore each day it wasn't as
satisfying for me,  I was growing more dependant on him all the time.  Other
assignments he would give was to call him at a set time during the day. 
Depending on where I was he would have me strip nude or at least pull up my
dress and stroke my clit or finger my cunt for him as he counted out the
strokes. 

Other times he would simply assign me the task of stroking or finger fucking my
cunt or ass a certain number of times a day, but I was not allowed to cum.  I
was constantly in a state of arousal with my twat never seeming to run short of
it's supply of liquid refreshment I was required to lick off my fingers after
every assignment.

As our time together lengthened he found other techniques to control my life
almost 24 hours a day.  I was to provide him with my daily schedule updating it
for changes as they occurred.  Upon arriving home I was required to put my
collar on immediately so I kept it hanging on the inside door knob of my front
door so I wouldn't forget.

Once home I was to strip and put on a freshly washed and ironed white shirt that
was described in the material he provided, the ankle socks optional with my hair
braided properly.  One concession I was allowed was a bra.  I told him that not
wearing one constantly not only was uncomfortable but not especially good from
an anatomical stand point.  I explained the discomfort wasn't what his slave
wanted to stop if it gave her Master pleasure but the other issue I felt was a
health one.  I had me buy a very sheer one that allowed them to sway when I
moved about but provided the required support and a shelf bra that provided
support but allowed his properties tits to be displayed for his pleasure.

His comments on everything being a privilege was not an idle comment either.  To
work off punishment points, which he was assigning with greater severity as my
training progressed, I found EVERYTHING was a privilege.  He took my bathroom
rights away for three days which meant I had to use a plastic bowel to piss and
crap in that was kept by the front door of my condo.

At other times he would take away my right to use my bed, either having me sleep
on the kitchen floor or in my bathtub.  The awful thing about the bathtub was
that I was also required to shit and piss in it, but not allowed to clean it
before morning.  I tried to hold it but in the end simply shit in one corner and
learned to sleep in the cold stinky piss.  Of course in waking that morning I
found my feet had managed to find my little pile of crap so they were covered in
dry shit.

He had taken control over my finances also.  I was now obligated to report to
him all monies I had spent during the week.  If he felt I hadn't been serving
him properly he restricted how much I could spend on non essential items.  One
of which was my cleaning women, of course he didn't want to deprive her of
income so I was to clean my house up before she arrived.  She had the easiest
cleaning job of her life.  Of course he inspected my work via the video camera
and even watched me cleaning up at times.

The first time I was required to relieve myself as he watched was not only
degrading but difficult to do.  The urination wasn't that hard but taking a shit
while he watched was one of the most degrading things I had been made to do so
far.  I was reduced to tears by the time I finally got done but then had to get
into the position with my ass facing the screen, wipe myself and ask for
permission to dispose of the mess.  Of all the things Master Carl required up to
that time I considered that the worst.

He would have me tie the vibrator inside myself with a thin rope or leather
thong then watch as I followed his instructions to pinch my nipples and attach
either the nipple clamps or cloths pins.  The pins hurt putting them on and
taking them off hurt even more.  Placing them on my cunt lips and allowing them
to stay there was something that took quite some time to learn to accept.  He
taught me to focus away from the pain that with practice actually worked as he
said it would.  Not completely but I at least could get them on and leave them
their for the specified time limit even though they hurt the worst of all his
torments.

Sometimes it would be days before he allowed me to cum with one time being
weeks.  The time it was several weeks I laid awake many nights crying  due to my
frustration but I was being punished for my biggest mistake I made up to that
time.  The tears were not only from sexual frustration but from failing to
please my Master in one of the simplest ways.

It was tax season which meant 14 hour work days including Saturday's along with
the constant pressure of clients, partners and staff.  I was a manager by this
time with 6 staff reporting to me and responsible to several partner's for
client work.

I was rushing to get ready running a bit late and didn't mark myself as was my
basic requirement.  The markings were to write "Master's Carl's bitch" over my
pussy, he had assigned me the slave name of bitch by this time.  I was at work
several hours when I looked at my watch and saw that I had reached the time I
was allowed to use the bathroom.  By this time I was only allowed to use the
bathroom on the hour and get something to drink on the half hour.  Another
unique way my Master found to keep him in my thoughts during the day, if I
missed my appointed time I had to wait until the next one was allowed.

I had several close calls with the bathroom time but only once wet myself.  I
missed the time to go and while driving home couldn't hold it any longer.  I
felt the warm sensation of it spreading around my legs and soaking my car seat. 
I felt like a fool wetting myself but in my mind it wasn't an issue of a
judgement call, I'd simply forgotten to go when I was allowed.

Looking down I was horrified to see my markings were not present.  I just
dropped down on the toilet seat with my hands in my face and started to weep. 
It was one of his requirements that seemed to mean the most to him and I knew he
would never forgive me for not doing it no matter what the circumstances.  He
had allowed me to not mark myself when going to the doctor or if I had to shower
at the club but that was about it.

I sat in my office thinking about what to say when I called him.  I knew he
would be angry but couldn't even imagine what he would do to punish me.  I had
work to do and didn't have time for this but finally called him.

"Master Carl..........Sir" my voice shaking and near tears.

"What is it bitch, it's the middle of the day" he answered seeming annoyed with
this intrusion at work.

"Sir............please...........this slave hasn't completed a
requirement........Sir" I was stammering and trying to avoid the inevitable
confession.

"Dammit what's the problem I don't have time for guessing games today".

Great HE didn't have time.  "Sir this slave did not write her name this
morning..........Master I was running late..........it's busy and
...........well.........after showering this slave didn't" he cut me off with an
abusive reply.

"You stupid fucking pig.........one thing..........probably the most important
one showing my ownership over you and you didn't bother to do it" he exploded at
me.

"Sir........please..........it wasn't that way you don't understand" I pleaded
as the tears overflowed my eyes and ran down my face.

"Understand...............understand what, that your just an ungrateful bitch
that does what she wants.  Understand that your a worthless piece of trash with
no understanding of how to be faithful to her owner.  Understand that despite my
attempts to bring some meaning to your pathetic meaningless life you simply
didn't think it necessary to do as your required" he screamed over the phone to
me.

"No Sir that's not the way it is ........please listen your slave was
trying..........trying hard it's just that there are things at work......." he
cut me off short.

"When are you leaving work".

"I hope to leave by 8 o'clock this evening but" again he cut me off short.

"I'll expect your call then" and hung up.

I was crying openly with my hands covering my face when I heard a knock at my
door.  "Who is it" I asked trying to keep my voice steady.

"It's Gloria Patricia is everything OK" she asked starting to open the door.

"Yes.........I'm fine don't bother me right now" I barked.  Gloria was one of
the staff that worked for me.  Immeadiatly after saying that I felt even worse
for talking to her that way.

"Ok ....." was her only reply and she closed the door.

I tried to get myself back together cleaning up my face and went to Gloria to
apologize for my behavior.  She said she understood so I went back to my work
but felt terrible.  For the first time since this started I didn't want to call
Master Carl.

I didn't get home till 8:30 that evening but decided to have a drink before I
called.  I didn't even bother to put on my collar I just sat on the balcony
smoking, thinking about what he would want.  I had put off the inevitable long
enough and called his number.

"Yes".

"Sir your property is home now" I answered him but the tone of my voice didn't
sound very submissive even to me.

"So it's about time you are on full restriction bitch, that means your home
right after work, no TV except for news, no furniture, no bathroom, no bed, no
cloths at home you can let your tits sag, five cigarettes per day, no drinking,
only warm water is allowed no other liquids to drink, don't even think about
touching the filthy hole between your legs" he droned on without even allowing
me time to break in.

"You will put paper down in your kitchen and shit there like the bitch you are. 
You'll wipe your shit hole with your fingers and piss in a bowl just like the
worthless animal you are.  You will be on restriction for 3 weeks.  I'll send an
e-mail with theses requirements since your to stupid to remember anything you're
told" then he hung up the phone.

I sat there holding the phone to my ear not believing what he had said.  "You
fucking ass hole motherfucker" I screamed and just barely kept myself from
throwing the phone over the railing.  I had worked hard at being his slave, damn
hard and one stupid mistake wipes out all that I'd done.

He'd taken over my life including when and how I spent my money and I'd allowed
it but this was more then I could take right now.  I had another drink while my
mind raced over the last six months.  Sure I'd liked it, well most of it, and
I'd bought his crap about a slave being "human" and having feelings.  Shit all
he wanted was to fuck with me while I sat around without having someone to have
near me in bed.  I didn't know anything about his private life but he was able
to get laid along with watching his weekly sex show presented by your's truly. 
Fuck him.  I didn't check for his e-mail and went to bed after another stiff
drink and several cigarettes.

The next morning I didn't bother with my daily ritual's for my Master but simply
got dressed, with panties, and went to work without HIS cell phone.  I kept
busy, which wasn't hard given the time of the year.  Arriving at home I
instinctively reached for my collar as soon as the door closed.  I held it in my
hands looking at it, feeling the soft leather in my fingers as my tears fell
onto the shiny leather surface.  I wanted to feel it around my neck, I needed
it, yet I didn't put it on.

I got my e-mail account opened finding one marked "PUNISHMENT" the other marked
"URGENT".  I printed out the punishment one first then the second one.  The
first one had all that he'd said on the phone, the second one was short and to
the point.

     Bitch,

     Your Master is human, just as his property and like his property makes error's. 
     Looking over your schedule I now realize that your work schedule is much more
     rigorous then your Master had appreciated.

     Your hard work up to this point Patricia has been exceptional.  You have worked
     hard to please your Master.  Like you your Master has work and other issues to
     his life outside what we share.

     Your Master should have given you rest time when your work load increased. 
     Rest time is where the slave has minimal requirements so she can focus on other
     issues in life but still serve her Master.

     Take two weeks rest time Patricia, you do not have to respond to me until that
     time is up if you do not wish to.  If you do wish to respond then write your
     thoughts as to our journey together, your Master is interested in how his property
     is feeling.

     Reflect on the journey we have been on, think through all that has been
     accomplished.  Your Master will give his property a choice, if YOU believe that
     the punishment is unjust then you may disregard it.

     The fact is your Master will be going away for a week's vacation starting next
     Friday and will be unavailable except for e-mail during that time.  The journey we
     have started is not over little one, there is more to it then you can imagine. 
     Reflect on where you were and where you are now, and where you wish to go
     before you make a final decision.

     Take care little one.

     Master Carl.

Reading his second e-mail I broke down crying on my bed unable to reason through
all the emotions that went through me.  After several hours I re-read the
punishment one, I had been the one to fail my Master not him to his slave.  He
had told me many times that I should be honest with him.  It was my fault I
hadn't made him aware what was going on at work and the pressure I had this time
of year.

I wrote him an e-mail late that night thanking him for his understanding.  I
told him that I would start the punishment next Monday as his slave really did
need the rest period.  I explained that my error was two fold, one not marking
his property as required and the second one maybe greater then the first.  I had
not told my Master my thoughts and feelings as required of a proper slave.  If I
had there would have been no need for the punishment since my Master would have
allowed me a rest time.  On Monday morning I started my three week punishment
period which ended with another surprise turn in my journey with my Master.




THE INTERVIEW

I completed the three weeks of punishment finding that after several days even
the restriction on smoking wasn't all that bad, I should give it up anyway.  The
toilet part was BAD, no other way to describe that but even that became routine
after several days.

Master Carl returned from vacation, the punishment term finally expired, work
seemed to slow down a bit and I was looking forward to a weekend off that I
could enjoy with no restrictions.  I returned home looking forward to sleeping
in my own bed and using my bathroom when the doorman at my building handed me a
Federal Express package.

I wasn't expecting anything but reading the return address indicated a law firm
in downtown Los Angeles.  Opening it up I found a large sealed envelope and a
single page letter:

     Dear Miss Schaffier:

     Dear Miss Schaffier:

     Enclosed is a sealed envelope delivered to our Firm by a client that has retained
     us to contact you.  They believe the contents of this envelope will be of interest to
     you.

     If after reading the enclosed information you wish to pursue the matter then
     contact Ms. Benson at our office by Monday 5 P.M.  If you have not contacted
     our office by then the client has specified that the matter be closed and no further
     correspondence or contact will be made by our office or them to you.

     The Firm is not aware of the nature of the information contained herein.  As you
     may well know information between attorney and client is confidential.  No
     information regarding this matter other then what has been stated above will be
     provided to you.

I couldn't understand who would send me something like this.  My own attorney
did not work for this Firm and I was going to call him to find out if this was
regarding some matters related to either my father's or Miss Bess's estate but
it was to late to call them.

I opened the sealed envelope and received the shock of my life.

     Dear Patricia:

     I am sure my slave is surprised to receive this letter from me.  Do not be alarmed
     Patricia.  I have known who you are and where you live and work for quite some
     time.  How I came to know this information is irrelevant at the moment.  I assure
     you that everything we have done and written to each other is confidential.  We
     have been together long enough that what I tell you is true and you have no fear
     as to the fact I know your true identity.

     That put's you at a disadvantage at the moment little one but trust your Master, if
     you decide to make the appointment then we will meet face to face.  At that time
     you will know my true identity also.  You may feel anger or resentment at the
     revelation that I know where you live, please do not judge until you have read
     what I have to say.

     After having consulted the appropriate persons it has been decided that you will
     given an opportunity to join a select group of individuals.  If you decide to call, an
     appointment has been set aside for you at the law firm indicated on the enclosed
     letter.  This is an informational meeting only, it will be held in a conference room
     at the law firm with myself and three other individuals.

     It will allow certain information to be discussed between us with you free to leave
     at any time during the meeting.  If after the discussion you do not wish to pursue
     the matter then that is your choice.  No pressure or any other methods of
     persuasion will be used to influence you.

     You will find the e-mail account, the web site we have been using and the cell
     phone number have been disconnected so you need not bother to try to reach me. 
     If you do not make the appointment then this relationship will be at an end.

     This is in no way a reflection on your actions but the time has come to either go
     forward with our journey or end it.  Our time together has been of great pleasure
     to me Patricia as I hope it has been to you.

It was unsigned but of course who it was from was apparent.  I was mad, he knew
my full name, address and probably where I worked.  I tried the cell phone
number which was of course disconnected.  I re-read the letter's several times
but there wasn't much I could do but think about it for the weekend.

By Monday morning I had calmed down but knew I had a decision to make before 5
that night.  I called to checked with the bar association and my own attorney
and the Firm was indeed a large one with a good reputation.  My attorney said he
knew several of the partner's there but I assured him I didn't want him to call
them since this was a work related matter not personal.

I thought about it then finally called at 10 to talk to Ms. Benson.  She indeed
informed me that an appointment had been scheduled at 1 P.M. that Friday for me. 
Of course Master Carl knew my schedule which meant he knew I'd be free.  I
verified the appointment, the only thing now was to wait till Friday.

The week went slowly with no communication from Master Carl but I still kept to
my slave requirements.  Every morning I'd practice several positions, mark his
property and upon returning home place my collar around my neck and dress in the
white shirt.  By Friday I realized just how dependant I'd become on his
presence.  It wasn't the same without the contact we'd had over the past six
months, I had lost interest in masturbating no matter how much I fantasized.

Friday morning I looked over my wardrobe trying to decide what to wear to the
meeting.  I realized I  could've really used Master Carl to help me pick out the
appropriate cloths for the meeting.  I finally decided to wear a knit sleeveless
dark brown mock turtle neck top which always made my breasts to appear larger
then they were, a matching brown hounds tooth  skirt that came just above my
knees, light tan cashmere coat, alligator pumps with 3" heels with matching bag,
very sheer tan hose, with matching coco demi bra and garters.  My hair was
styled loosely around my shoulders with particular attention paid to my makeup.

As I looked myself over in the mirror my attire screamed money.  Normally I
wouldn't wear this to work, it was something I'd wear to a charity board or
committee meeting.  The shoes and bag alone cost over a $1,000.  I smiled at my
appearance wondering what he'd think seeing me in person for the first time. 
Putting on my gold ladies Rolex that I seldom wore to the office I was ready to
go to work .

I busied myself at work until it was time to leave for the appointment. 
Arriving at the law Firm's building early I parked and stood out front smoking,
trying to get the butterfly's to settle down in my stomach.  I wondered if I'd
see him come in then hoped I wouldn't.  Watching the people enter the high raise
office building I wondered which, if any, would be at the meeting.

I couldn't put it off any longer so I went to see what this was all about.  The
offices were on the 35th floor with a large well appointed waiting area that
provided a magnificent view of downtown.

I approached the receptionist "Hello I'm Miss Patricia Shaffier with an
appointment with Ms. Benson"

"Yes I'll call her please have a seat" the attractive receptionist responded.

My wait was short, a blonde young women was motioned in my direction and I rose
as she greeted me.

"Good afternoon Miss Schaffier I'm Sandra Benson, please follow me".

Sandra Benson was no more then 5-2 but was wearing 4" heels, attired in a gray
suit, matching hose,  hair swept up on the back of her head with a disarming
smile.  She appeared to have small breasts with a full figure but what caught my
attention was the 1/4" black band encircling her neck with a gold clasp on the
right side.  Under normal circumstances I wouldn't have taken notice of this
piece of jewelry but given what the meeting must be about my curiosity was
aroused.  I followed her down the hall to a conference room door.  Looking
around the office it was decorated as you'd expect for a large successful law
firm and I couldn't imagine just what was to be discussed in such surroundings.

We entered the conference room with it's large fine conference table and leather
chairs.  I of course recognized Master Carl sitting there wearing a dark
expensive business suit, crisp white shirt and dark red tie.  Along with him
were seated three other person's, two men one also dressed in a dark suit and
white shirt and the other in a sports coat and tie.  The one in the suit
appeared to be in his late 40's, the other in his mid 50's.  The women with them
appeared to be in her late 40's and was wearing an expensive blue pant suit with
black 4" pumps.

The two men could only be described as "normal" looking, though I don't know
exactly what I expected to find.  The women on the other hand was slender with
well manicured finger nails and hair.  She had dark shoulder length brown hair
styled loosely about her head with a fair complexion.  She was a small women not
more the 5' tall with a trim well proportioned figure and nicely shaped breasts.

"Mr. Vincent" Sandra said pointing in the direction of Master Carl, "Miss
Schaffier is here".

They all rose from behind the table with Master Carl moving toward's me with an
outstretched hand and a broad grin, "Miss Schaffier how nice to meet you after
all this time".

As we shook hands I looked into his dark eyes and tried to picture him naked. 
"Good afternoon....Sir" not sure of just how he was to be addressed with people
present.

"Mr. Vincent will do fine Miss Schaffier, let me introduce you.  Mrs. O'Neil,
Mr. Dean and Mr. Allen, this is Miss Schaffier".  Each of us shook hands, Mr.
Dean being the one in the sports coat, with the appropriate greetings.

"Miss Benson that will be all, we'll call you when needed" Mr. Vincent said and
she quickly left the room softly shutting the door behind her.

"Have a seat Miss Schaffier" Mrs. O'Neil commented gesturing to one on the
opposite side of the table from them.  I noticed that there were only the five
chairs at the table. 

"Coffee or a soda Miss Schaffier" Mr. Allen offered pouring himself some coffee.

"Thank you Sir yes I'd like some".

Drinks now having been served I sat in silence looking at the four of them as I
sipped my coffee not knowing what they expected of me now.  Each of them had a
folder in front of them that contained papers that they seemed to be looking
through as they sipped their drinks.  I decide that I really needed to know how
Mr. Vincent had come to know my name.

"Sir.......ummmm...Mr. Vincent........how did you find out my name and address".

Looking up at me with a sly smile "Well Miss Schaffier you told me" he replied
chuckling.

"I didn't " but was cut off by a wave of his hand.

"You did, if you remember our first meetings on the net you told me your first
name, profession, age, that you lived in Southern Ca.  You also told me you
lived in an ocean front condo that was walking distance from your office and
that you worked for a large accounting firm.  Given your obvious pride I assumed
it was on of the international ones.  It was quite simple for me to contact the
state board that licenses your profession, then with a bit of analysis and guess
work narrow down just who you were.  I warned you that you were to free with
personal information over the net".

"Let me assure you that this was not done to harm you in any way Miss Schaffier. 
I simply wanted to make sure that you were what you said, not someone else, for
instances a man pretending to be a women or a young girl".

"Or underage one" chimed in Mrs. O'Neil.

"Yes but how did you find out exactly" I asked.

"Well knowing your age it was easy to determine approximately when you'd
received your license.  The list was short as to Patricia's that had received
one in the correct time period.  From there it was easy to determine which firm
you worked for since I live quite close to you, not more then 30 miles I'd
guess, and not to many firms have offices that are located along the ocean. 
Personal contacts then made it easy to determine your address.  You see I knew a
great deal about you before I ever received your picture".

"Of course if it hadn't been that way there are other ways to track someone down
using their e- mail address or IP address but it wasn't needed for you.  Again
Miss Schaffier none of this was done to put you in any danger, as a matter of
fact it was done for just the opposite reason".

"What do you mean, opposite reason".

"Some assignments were outside of your home Miss Schaffier" Mr. Dean replied,
"of course we would not want any harm to come to you so someone was sent to make
sure you didn't have any difficulty.  Also to ensure you were in fact doing the
assignment and not simply faking it".

"Like your first shopping trip, the two "dykes" you saw actually are members as
were one of the couples inside the store.  The two women made sure no one
bothered you in your car and the couple made sure no one tried to enter the
bathroom " Mrs. O'Neil informed me straight faced, then went back to looking at
her papers.

"Now Miss Schaffier", I was wishing he would stop calling me that, "let's get
down to the business of our meeting, we will be happy to answer any more
questions before we leave" Mr. Vincent declared.

"Let me explain the basic issues Miss Schaffier" Mr. Dean announced.  "The basis
of our association is one of master slave relationships for internal purposes
it's called the Society of Rome.  It is in fact a legal entity under another
name which owns several exclusive retreats that are fully equipped for our use. 
It also runs several web sites and manufactures and distributes products related
to the lifestyle".

"The society itself is based on two distinct levels of participation, one level
is the members, that is the masters, mistress's, top's, what ever description
you wish to use.  For our purposes the term member encompasses all these titles. 
The second level is of property as we usually refer to them or slave's would be
another term. It's obvious of course that you fall into the latter category".

"How people become members or property is actually fairly similar.  Through
mutual friends their interest in the life style becomes known, their background
is investigated, an interview is done and if all is satisfactory then they
become members.  Of course members pay dues along with other financial
contributions for use of association property".  Mr. Dean looked up smiling at
me before he continued.

"As for property there are three types, private property, society or public
property and a third limited type that are generally older slave's that are used
to train and oversee events.  Private property is owned by one individual
member, perhaps their husband, but not always.  The use of private property is
reserved for their owner to decide except they are still required to under go
standard training that is required of all property.  In addition they are
required to have their property attend and participate in a set number of
society functions every year".

"Society property as the name indicates is owned by the society which decides on
who and where they will participate in various society and private events, or
gatherings as we call society parties.  In addition the property is responsible
for attending the various training sessions at one of our facilities and in
attending a one week stay per year at such facility as the governing board of
the society decides.  In addition, property is selected by members to attend to
them in what ever manner they decide, be it a small private party or just as
personal service.  The society has four large gatherings per year and property
is required to attend one of them, but can participate in more if they have
time.  Any questions so far Miss Schaffier".

I was looking around the table at these four normal looking people and trying to
picture them at some orgy with me in the middle of it.

"Miss Schaffier you were asked a question" Mrs. O'Neil sharp voice brought me
back to reality very quickly.

"Well.........I'm...".

"Don't sit there stammering like a child answer the question" Mrs. O'Neil voice
had a hard edge to it that made me realize she might be small in stature but was
someone that I wouldn't want angry at me.

"Well Mrs. O'Neil how long is training and how often does property have to serve
in any given week" feeling better that at least I'd asked a decent question.

Mrs. O'Neil's smile didn't generate a warm feeling in the pit of my stomach as
she answered me.  "Training sessions for new slave's are seven days in length, a
gathering is usually 2 or three days depending on what is planned.  As for being
available for service to individual members it's usually one or two days per
week.  Of course each slave is assured one weekend off per month and rest time
is allowed.  Of course new property is requested more often for obvious reasons
but the society see's to it that they are not overused".

I could feel her eyes looking right inside me as she spoke and wondered just how
hard an owner she could be.  "How is that done" I asked.

Mr. Dean now took up the explanation.  "We use a secure Internet site and cell
phone just as you have been doing.  Actually you've been living under society
rules in one shape or another for the past six months.  Each slave is listed on
our web site with her particulars, no address just the general area that they
live in.  Their experience is listed along with training they have received with
pictures of past activities along with their schedule.  Just as you've been
providing Mr. Vincent with your schedule you'd provide one via Internet to us".

"Society members log on and select one or more slave's then they're notified via
e-mail.  If for some reason there is a problem the slave is required to notify
the appropriate person via e-mail or telephone.  The society owns the property
Miss Schaffier but realizes that work, family matters or other things occur that
could not be anticipated.  Of course a slave is required to update her schedule
on a daily basis but sometimes things do happen beyond their control".  Mr. Dean
continued.

"So you understand the general workings let me give you some further
explanation" Mrs. O'Neil commented.  "A slave simply does not update her
schedule and is now unavailable for her duties, this of course is a violation of
their ownership certificate so it is referred to an assigned  judicial member of
the society, of which I'm one.  The slave is notified of her punishment and the
sentence is provided her via e-mail and cell phone.  You have been punished
already by loss of privileges and other means so you should understand what can
and will be done.  If the property has committed a serious matter it may require
a hearing before the judicial council or a slave can request one if it feels the
sentence is not justified.  All sentence's are actually reviewed by at least one
other member of the society.  The society requires absolute obedience from it's
slave's but does want to treat them fairly".

It felt like the temperature in the room was 100 degree's as I felt hot in my
jacket and could feel my underarms becoming wet and beads of sweat forming on my
face.  Part of me wanted to grab my purse and run like hell but something else
inside of me wanted me to find out more.  "How does a slave leave if they don't
wish to stay" I asked.

"Good question" Mr. Vincent said smiling at me, his deep reassuring voice I was
so used to hearing seemed to cut the tension in the air.  "The fact is property
can quit anytime they like with one condition" leaving the room silent with that
statement.

I couldn't meet his stare so I simply looked down at my coffee and asked softly,
"what is that condition Sir".

"Property cannot quit during any session, no matter what the reason.  That is
once the slave has been assigned a task, or punishment, leaves for training,
gatherings or so fourth they must complete it.  That is a hard and fast rule
that cannot be changed do you understand the meaning of it Miss". 

His voice carried a steel edge to it that made my stomach knot up.  "Yes Sir I
think so" again answering softly without looking directly into his face.  The
other's in the room were forgotten as my mind tried to rationalize what I was
even doing there.

"That includes the signing ceremony Miss Schaffier" Mrs. O'Neil's answer sounded
like a warning more then a statement.

"Signing ceremony".

"That's correct Miss", Mr. Vincent answered.  "If you agree to give up all that
you are to become property of the Society of Rome there is a signing ceremony
where the contract is signed and witnessed.  After that Patricia Schaffier no
longer exists, that young women is now just property to be used for the
satisfaction of society members and those they wish to share it with.  What will
be done after that I leave to YOUR imagination Miss but I think your intelligent
enough to understand, aren't you" his tone left no room for doubts in my mind.

"Yes Sir this slave understands", uttering the word slave for the first time in
front of them made my stomach knot and pussy tingle.

The four of them continued to give me details of life as property of the
Society.  They were right that I had been living under there general rules for
some time now.  The difference was that it would be with real people not just
over the Internet.  In general property had no rights, just as Master Carl had
told me when I first met him.  The Society granted rights and took them away
depending on circumstances and the slave's behavior.  They even had the right to
enter your home for inspections to make sure you complied with your
requirements.  One rule was that no slave could be permanently marked or pierced
without her approval and a vote by the Society Board of Director's.   Of course
it was explained a slave could be pierced so long as the object was removed and
would leave no scar or physical disability.  Their reassuring example to this
was clit piercing, but of course nipple and lip piercing could be done as long
as they were removed.  All this didn't leave me with much reassurance.

They didn't hide anything as far as I could see nor did they particulary try to
make it sound as if it was anything but what it was.  Society members had enough
money to indulge themselves in what ever sexual quirks they wanted and I was
being asked to become one of their sex toys.  It was made quite clear that I
would be subject to corporal punishment for their pleasure or for breaking
Society rules.  That I would, or rather this slave, would provide access to any
part of "their" property for whatever sexual pleasure they decided. 

It was made clear that ALL property was to be fully trained in providing
pleasure, no matter what it was, to a member or whom they designated.  Property
was not allowed to have sex outside Society functions or orders from them.  I
could date if permission was requested but sex without permission was considered
the most serious offense to be committed by property.  For occasions that
warranted a date to non Society functions a suitable one would be assigned so
questions regarding my private life would not be aroused by outside persons.

I was allowed to talk with Sandra Benson, who had been a slave for almost two
year's, away from the office.  During our dinner she provided me with examples
of training and punishments which I found to be fairly close to how I'd been
living for the past six months.  Another benefit for property was that money
raised at gatherings and earning from the various other activities was
distributed to the slaves based on their participation over the preceding year. 
Of course she didn't realize that I didn't need money but it was just another
example of how the organization ran.

She did say that they wouldn't interfere with work or family and that as a slave
she found she had time for non Society activities which included going out with
friends and even with other slave's she had met.  Job and educational
opportunities were another benefit of being owned by the Society.  They had
provided her with money for college along with the job she now held at the law
firm.  Of course since some partner's of the Firm were Society members getting
time off was not a problem but she said they never did anything at work to make
other people aware of her unique situation.

She did provide me with one thing I had been wondering about all these months. 
Master Carl of course did provide me with GREAT orgasm's but I'd often wondered
what he did for satisfaction.  It turned out that on several occasions Sandra
had provided him with oral, anal and vaginal satisfaction during or after a
session with me.

I was given a week to decide, if I wished to become a slave then I was to call
Miss Benson for another appointment.  If I didn't call within a week then the
offer would be rescinded.  Any further questions could be asked via e-mail but
the deadline was one week.  I had a lot of thinking to do before I decided.




THE SIGNING CEREMONY - BEING PREPARED

The deadline approached and with it the knowledge that I had to make a final
decision.  I started to phone Sandra at least a hundred times before I finally
dialed the number, waiting for her to come to the phone seemed to take forever
then I heard her voice.

"Miss Benson how can I assist you" her pleasant voice sounded in my ear.

"This is Miss Schaffier I need an appointment" trying to keep my voice steady.

"Very well Miss Schaffier you'll be notified as to the particulars, thank you
for calling", with that the phone call ended and I sat nervously smoking and
trying not to let my imagination run wild on me.  Of course the reality was much
worse and much better then anything I could have thought up.

I received an e-mail within 24 hours telling me to keep my weekends free until I
was notified as to the time and date for the ceremony.  I was further told that
it would be advisable to take several days off after that date.  I was given a
number to call so I could receive a medical examination before a final date was
set.

It felt like the days crawled by after that.  The medical exam was very complete
and professional and the only thing out of the ordinary was the order by the
doctor that sex was forbidden until the ceremony.

About a week after the exam a memo crossed my desk stating the building was
doing some required repairs and that all personnel would have to be out of the
office by 5:00 P.M. on Friday and that access to the offices would not be
allowed until the Monday morning after 4:00 A.M.  I didn't really attach any
importance to the memo as it wasn't that busy at the office so not being able to
work on a weekend was no big thing.

On Monday I received an e-mail that Friday was my ceremony date and that I would
be given further instructions at 4 o'clock Friday.  My stomach felt sick as I
realized that my midnight masturbation fantasies were quickly becoming a reality
for me.  I arranged for the following Monday and Tuesday to be off work then
tried to settle into my work for the week.

Finally Friday arrived, standing downstairs smoking I looked at my watch trying
to decide if I had time for another before 4, I didn't so I went to my office to
wait.  The ringing phone startled me as I saw it was preciously 4 P.M. 
Answering it I heard a female voice tell me to stay at my desk until I was
called back with further instructions.  I told her about having to be out of the
building by 5 but she cut me off with a "follow instructions bitch" and hung up.

Everyone had left the floor almost two hours ago and I was starting to wonder if
I had really agreed to this.  I could tell everyone was gone as our lighting
system is triggered by movement to conserve energy.  I watched all the lights go
out, even my office light but a gesture with my hand turned them on again.  I
was frightened when my office lights went out, it was silly but with the lights
on I felt safer.

The hall lights came on and I knew someone was walking along the hall from
reception to my office.  I shut my eyes and sat still at my desk feeling my
heart pound in my chest.  The door of my office swung open, my head turned in
that direction but before I could utter a sound I was turned speechless by the
women's tone of voice.

"Don't say a word bitch just get your ass out of that chair and assume position
1".

I rose from my desk as she strode forward quickly, grabbing my arm and pulling
me to my feet.

"When I say something you do it ....... and do it fast cunt.........UNDERSTAND",
she barked as she pushed me to the side of the desk and sat down in my chair.

Coming to position 1 I looked over the women who had just assumed ownership of
my office, and me for that matter.  She was well into her 50's I would imagine,
with red hair that assuredly came from a bottle but might have been original
equipment many years ago judging by her fair skin.  She was short, maybe 5'-1"
but had on 4" heels, a brown skirt, beige pull over blouse that showed her ample
breasts.  From what I could see of them I knew they hadn't come as original
equipment.  She was stocky with a bit to much makeup but didn't look fat, just
full figured.

"I am Slave Mistress Joyce, you will refer to me as that from now....
understand", her voice had the tenor of someone use to being in charge.

"Yes" I stammered still not fully registering what was going on.

"Yes what you stupid cow" she growled.

"Yes Slave Mistress Joyce"

"You've had some training, I've read your file so I know what your supposed to
know, now get into position 1".

Straightening up I lowered my eyes so they didn't meet her's yet kept them on
her and waited for what was to follow.  I heard someone move through the door
and started to look.

"You don't need to move your head around there's no cock to suck yet just pay
attention to me sow".

"We're not supposed to be in the building after 5 and.........".

"SHUT THE FUCK UP.......... you'll do as your told.......... when your
told.........understand" she shouted raising from the chair so her face now
inches from mine.

"Yes Slave Mistress Joyce".

Sitting back down in my chair she continued.  "The building is going to be used
tonight, by the Society, I don't have much time and if you fuck up this ceremony
you'll wish you'd never been born.  Just listen and answer ONLY when asked a
question.  Don't bother me with any, you'll be told what you need to know when
you need to know it".

"Now the video camera is here for the Society's protection.  Everything will be
taped for member's viewing pleasure at a later time and to ensure you don't try
to claim your were forced.  Look at the camera and give your full name, date of
birth, and social security number".

I looked up at the camera and provided the information requested, I couldn't
make out the video operator's face but he was a large black man with a shaved
head, large hands that made the camera look small, with broad shoulders.

"Now face me and ignore him, first thing is that you have a choice as of right
now.  You can take your purse and go.  No one will stop you and this business
will be over or you can do as I say.  Remember once we start you will not be
allowed to quit until your presented with your certificate of ownership to sign.  
At that time if you wish to quit you will again be free to go, if you sign it
you'll be the property of the Society until the ENTIRE ceremony is completed,
understand".

"Yes Slave Mistress Joyce" I answered her meekly.

"Do you now, think about it cunt..........you have a choice as of now that will
not exist again for several hours.  Until that time your sweet white ass is mine
to prepare...........do you want to leave".

"No Slave Mistress Joyce".

"Fine strip off those fancy cloths so I can get a look at the new meat".

"Here...........NOW.....with......" looking over at the video camera I couldn't
believe she wanted me to strip right in my office.

Leaning back in my chair with her legs crossed she lighted a cigarette and blew
a smoke ring at the ceiling.  "You can't smoke inside.........." I stammered.

Sitting up she looked at me with a small smile upon her lips "I can do as I
like, now you have a choice .......strip or go........it's pretty
simple..........to tell the truth I don't really care which you do but you have
as long as I need to smoke this.  When it's done if you aren't naked then we'll
leave.   You'll do as I say.........when I say......and we'll get along fine. 
Otherwise you'll wish you had.....that is unless you leave now". 

She looked up at me smirking, "Of course Master Carl will certainly look stupid
for even bothering to present you to the Society.  His idea of using the
Internet to find suitable slave's is not looked on by everyone as workable".

I watched her smoke the cigarette down then glanced at the grinning camera man. 
He had large fleshy lips, a broad flat nose, white teeth and his eyes were
looking me over with more then just a causal glance.  I'd worn my gray suit with
white pinstripes today, white blouse, white bra with matching bikini panties,
light gray panty hose and two tone gray 3" heels.

"Now if your worried about John there don't bother, he's seen plenty of good
looking white women naked haven't you" she said again leaning back in my chair.

"Sure have Joyce.........looking forward to seeing this one too............job
don't pay much but the benefits can't be beat" he answered in a loud deep voice
then they both started laughing at his joke.

"Ok...........strip or leave we don't have much time" as she looked at her
watch.

I knew I didn't either, my gaze kept going between the two of them, my mouth
felt dry as chalk and my stomach churned with anguish.  Yet between my thighs I
could feel the moisture starting to betray me.

She looked up at me flicking off the ash into the trash can, she was almost
finished.  One, maybe two puffs and she would be done.  "Now strip down
...............or leave.............which is it sweat heart".

My fingers unbuttoned my jacket and I slipped it off my shoulders, folding it as
I'd been taught by Master Carl I bent down at the waist keeping my knees
straight I started to place it at my toes.  This was how he'd always instructed
me to undress as a slave.

"Cut the cute slave strip off..........I don't have the time or the patience for
it.  Save it for some Master or Mistress that actually cares.  Just get your
fucking cloths off and into this bag as quick as you can so we can get started"
she told me as she tossed me a plastic trash bag.

I put my jacket inside, then my shoes.  As I started unbuttoning my skirt I
looked over at John to see him grinning behind the camera as he recorded my
strip.  I felt my face flush hot then the same feeling move down over my
shoulders, chest, even my breasts felt hot from my flush.  I removed my skirt
but was having trouble making my fingers work with the buttons on my blouse.  I
finally got control over them finished unbuttoning my blouse, with a final
glance at both of my viewers I slipped it into the bag.

As my bra came off I heard John whistle and move around so he could get a better
camera angle.  I kept my head down and pulled my panty hose and panties down to
my ankles at the same time.  I started to sit down on the couch to get them off
but was stopped by Slave Mistress Joyce.

"Property does not sit on furniture until told to, just pull them off".

It was awkward to pull them off standing and provided an grand view of my shaved
pussy as I pulled them off.  As I  deposited the last of my garments into the
bag I felt as if I'd also put my self-esteem in there at the same time. 
Assuming position 1 I waited for Slave Mistress Joyce to tell me what she wanted
next.

Taking my purse she stood up, "Now the rest in here, watch, jewelry, hair clips,
what ever else is on your body goes in here".  Removing my watch, necklace,
rings, and hair clips I placed them in my purse.  Snapping the purse shut she
dropped it into the bag, sealed it up and tossed it into the hallway.  I looked
at the white bag laying there with all my cloths inside it and felt a tear start
to well up from my eyes.

Grabbing my chin Slave Mistress Joyce pulled my face forward.

 "Listen up and don't be worrying about your cloths.  You've got a lot to
remember for the ceremony and I've got to get you ready for it.  From now on
your mine until the member's arrive.  If you decide to give me a problem I've
got this little helper here".  She held up a white plastic tube about 2' long
with two small blunt metallic prongs at one end.  It was 2" in diameter until
the last 6", then it was only about 1" around.

"This is a electric prod.....it's got six settings with number six enough to
jolt old John to his knees.  I happen to like using it so don't worry if you
screw up or disobey.  I'm not supposed to leave any marks on you, that's for all
the members to do.   From this point on your nothing.....NOTHING.......just a
slave here to serve.....understand".

"Yes Slave Mistress Joyce", I felt the tear start its way down my cheek.

"Now assume position 4 so I can get a good look at you".

Position 4, which was also called inspection position it has your legs spread
with your hands behind your head.  I closed my eyes as she looked me over,
tweaking my nipples and fondling my breasts.

"What do you call these slave".

When my response wasn't immediate she grasped both nipples between her finger
and thumb, twisting and squeezing at the same time.  "Ehhhhhhhhhhhh" I squealed.

"Answer me ..........what are these called" now shacking both my C cup breasts
by the nipples causing them to jiggle like water filled balloons.

"Tits Slave Mistress Joyce".

"This" she prodded my open slit the end of the electric prod.

"Cunt Slave Mistress Joyce".  My voice was starting to break, I felt my flush
return as I opened my eyes and saw John taking pictures of the whole process.

"Bend forward..........at the waist.......keep your hands where they
are.....spread your legs a bit...good........further down.  Touch your knees
with your arms if you can.....good.......you come in here and help".

I didn't know who she had spoken to but could see a pair of women's shoes next
to her's.  Somehow knowing it was a women made me feel better.

"Your on time, the other one with you".

"Yes Slave Mistress Joyce".  It was Sandra Benson's voice.

"Spread her cheeks lets get a good look at her shit hole".

I felt soft hands grip my ass then pull the cheeks gently apart.

"Spread them cunt,  I don't have any reason not to mark you before the ceremony"
Slave Mistress Joyce menacingly told Sandra.

Sandra then pulled my ass cheeks widely apart until I felt the skin would tear
from the strain.  I felt a single fingernail start at the now wide open expanse
between my cheeks and slowly move down the tender channel.  Two more nails were
added to the traveling fingers as they made there way back up, then one nail was
used to rub right on my puckered ass ring.

"What's this cunt" Slave Mistress Joyce asked with a voice that sounded sweet
but made me dread what she could and probably would do to me given an excuse.

"The slave's shit hole Slave Mistress Joyce" I answered knowing that John was
taping my exposed hole by the position of his feet between mine.  "Also a fuck
hole" I continued trying to at least impress her that I could humiliate myself
with no additional help from her.

"It's the Society's hole............it's anyone's hole that the Society says it
is.........right John" Slave Mistress Joyce said mockingly as she teased the
opening with her nails again causing it to pucker and twitch on it's own.

"That's right Joyce........I may get seconds............actually fifth or
tenth's but in the end I do get's it" he laughingly replied.

I closed my eyes tightly as I started to sob.  He was going to fuck my ass and I
was going to let him.  Him along with anyone else that members of the Society
felt like giving me to.  For a moment I thought I was going to be sick at what I
was letting myself in for.

"Up.........let's go.  Now listen to me, you'll crawl everywhere tonight unless
specifically told to move about in some other way.  You move when your told to,
be still when ordered, you'll be punished for all your mistakes, you try to run
and you'll be caught and you'll be punished more harshly.  Seems like your
hairless enough so at least I don't have to screw around with that. 
OK............on your knees bitch, it's time to get you cleaned up" she ordered.

Slumping to my hands and knees I crawled behind her as John video taped my
exposed rump from behind.  My tits swayed as I crawled, the carpet scraping my
knees and shins as we made are way along the familiar hallways of my work.  I
kept my head down but an eye on the slave mistress's leg as she walked quickly
down the halls, I was actually getting lost since I had no reference point but
the gray carpet passing under my eyes.  I didn't know where she was taking me
but I realized she had taken me on at least three circuits of the entire floor. 
My hands and knees felt sore from the carpet and I was beginning to work up a
sweat keeping up with her brisk pace, I hadn't realized that crawling could be
so tiring.

Finally she turned into a short hall and through a swinging door that revealed a
tiled floor.  I recognized this as a bathroom but didn't know which one.  The
tiles were cold on my hands and legs but I also saw two pair of women's bare
legs and feet standing by the sinks.  I didn't dare look up but knew one must be
Sandra, I sneaked a peak to the side and realized I was in the bathroom near my
office, since this was the only one with an additional door that led to a
utility closet.

"You over there by the stall" slave mistress announced prodding my side with the
end of the cattle prod.

I moved toward the stall then reached up and brushed my hair from my face. 
"Fucking shit what was that" I yelled as my right leg jumped from under me and
my entire thigh muscle froze up in pain.  I now was laying on my left side my
hands gripping the back of my  right thigh and looking up into the amused face
of the slave mistress.

"That you stupid bitch was setting three on the prod" she proudly announced
tapping the end lightly in her open palm.  "You don't brush, scratch or wipe
unless your given permission, if we could find a way we'd make coughing and
sneezing offenses.  They actually are but some latitude needs to be allowed even
to worthless pieces of trash like you.  Just so you know if you'd had even a day
of true training I'd have stuck the end of this up your ass or cunt before
triggering it" she smilingly informed me.  "Now get into position 3 facing the
toilet".

As soon as I was in position she grabbed my hair she pulled my head back until I
was looking at the ceiling, then right into her hazel eyes.  "Now here's some
good training, when told to face an object, any object or person get your body
squared away to it, about one two feet back, you understand what I'm talking
about".

I nodded my head yes, she released my hair and a genuine smile crossed her lips
which gave her eyes a warmth they didn't have before.

"Listen to me little one, it's a hard life, I've lived it for many years.  Don't
take anything I say to personal.  We're paid to train you properly so the
member's get full use of their property.  Your pleasure will come from serving
them well.  Maybe a trainer will treat you badly because of some personal
reason, it happens, but in general we're here to help.  Even if it kills you"
she started laughing at her joke then patted my head like a little girl, "now
get in position until I want you again".

Quickly I assumed the proper position in front of the toilet.  I heard the door
being unlocked and the sounds of articles being unpacked but didn't turn to see
exactly what was going on behind me.

"Ok slave time to get started, first lets get your face and hair washed" the
slave mistress announced as she tossed a bar of soap and a small bottle of
shampoo into the toilet splashing the cold water on me and the floor. 

I was stunned that they would have me wash in a toilet bowl, I should have
expected it but I was still astonished at the request.

"Wait, don't start that stand up first"

I rose as gracefully as I could, sliding my knees together, hands then on the
floor, swinging my feet under me and standing straight up as I'd done so many
times alone and under the gaze of Master Carl from the computer.  This was real,
my stomach was nervous but at least I felt I was doing something familiar.

"That was pretty good slave, not bad at all.  Now back out of the stall, don't
turn just back out then spread your legs, put your hands on the top of the
stall.  Further back, further apart", she prodded my legs with the cattle prod
but didn't shock me.

I was now standing with the top half of my body at a 45 degree angle, legs well
over 3' apart and my arms outstretched.   Then I heard the ominous sound of
rubber gloves being snapped on, it didn't take a genius to figure out that my
cleaning was going to include the inside as well as the outside of "their
property".

"Ok you other two walking fuck holes spread its cheeks" slave mistress told
Sandra and the unknown slave helping her.

I shivered as their cold hands took a grip on my cheeks and roughly pulled them
apart until I let a squeak of pain escape my lips.

"Good that's well done, now remember this position, it's not numbered but you'll
get to know it pretty well as time goes on.  I've looked at your dossier, your
shit chute is no virgin for sure since it's been used since you were a teenager. 
Just stay loose, don't start acting like some virgin princess on me.  Back just
a little more, OK John make sure you get some good close ups, don't screw this
up like last time".

"Sorry about that Joyce I'll get what you want this time, don't worry".

God I'd forgotten about him and the camera, I squeezed my eyes shut and tilted
my head back a bit but the only image I had before my eyes was my spread open
ass with him zooming in on it.  I heard the snap of rubber gloves being put on,
then I felt the cool touch of the lube as she first rubbed some around my
waiting hole then slowly worked her finger inside of me.  It felt good, really
good, no matter who was watching.

She worked her finger inside me, wiggling it around, turning her finger inside
me, my hips pushed back to take her digit deeper inside me.  A second finger was
added, I murmured a soft sigh as she pushed and pulled the two digits out of my
ever loosening rectum.

"See slave Mimi she likes it, not like the time I got you ready" slave mistress
chuckled as she continued to fuck my ass while everyone watched.

"Yes Slave Mistress Joyce this slave does seem to like it" Mimi answered.

"You've learned too in the last six weeks haven't you" slave mistress asked
Mimi.

"I........" Mimi stammered and I felt her nails dig into the tender skin of my
ass.  Slave Mistress's finger plunged deep into my ass, then twisting her hand
while hooking her fingers inside me.  I groaned with the force of her tightening
up my ass involuntarily at the same time.

"Loosen up you know better then that" straightening her fingers and again
smoothly fucking my ass, with each outward movement the ring puckered out, then
was pushed inward with the downward stroke.

"That will cost you 25 punishment points that will be worked off tonight during
this one's rest period you stupid slave now answer my question properly" slave
mistress informed Mimi.

"Yes Slave Mistress Joyce this slave is stupid.  This slave has started to enjoy
objects being pushed inside the slave's shit hole.  This slave has been
practicing so full service can be provided to the member's slave mistress" Mimi
answered with a slight quiver in her voice.

"Slave Mimi had a virgin ass, which technically it still is since only fingers
and plugs have been used so far.  By the time training camp for her starts
she'll be ready, of course after training camp she'll be taking cocks up there
just like a professional like you slave" pulling out of my ass suddenly she
playfully slapped my thigh.  I heard the glove being removed "christ you have a
a lot of shit inside you, get a good picture of it John".

Grabbing my hair and pulling my head back the glove was dangled right in front
of my face so John could get the picture.  I stood there looking at the two shit
covered fingers trying not to breath.

"That's good now back up so you can get the rest".

I felt the nozzle slide easily inside my now well lubricated channel, it felt
larger then other enema nozzles that had been used on me but not uncomfortable. 
Then felt the bulbs being inflated so the two bulbs sealed my ass so that it not
only wouldn't pop out but no water escape.  I also felt the slave mistress's
finger tips move softly across my pussy lips.  My hips pushed back into her hand
and rocked slowly as the moisture leaked out.  She rubbed it around my lips for
a moment then pulled away.

I felt her moving the base of the nozzle around in my stuffed rectum then I felt
the water start to enter my bowels, I concentrated on relaxing myself as the
water felt like it was being  pushed inside me under pressure.  It was hot
water, what ever she was using to get the water inside of me it wasn't gravity
since it was filling me up fairly fast.  Her hand reached under me stroking my
stomach with her nails, at times letting them stroke my sensitive pussy lips all
the while controlling the ever increasing volume of water entering me.

"This is referred to as a Japanese enema, actually it's a pump, like a big hypo
just in case you wanted to know but we've improved on it a bit.  With the
addition of a very low pressure pump with a one way valve.  Don't worry about
the pressure damaging anything inside since it has a valve that won't allow the
pressure to build up beyond a specific point.  It's been throughly tested and
certified as to it's safety.  Even an untrained fool can use it without causing
internal damage.  Of course if they don't pay attention they'd end up wet.  It's
faster and much more through then just letting it seep inside with gravity,
don't you think slave" slave mistress informed me with a cheerful voice.

With that said the pressure increased, raising me up on my toes, causing me to
grunt as I took several small shallow breaths, then a deeper one into my chest
to keep myself calm and relaxed.  I'd found it helped in keeping the cramps to a
minimum plus allowed the fluid to enter me without to much discomfort, thank god
for the training Miss Bess gave me.

"See Slave Mimi she's used to getting her ass cleaned as well, see how she
controls her breathing while maintaining as much relaxation in the abdominal
region as possible, you've had some pretty good training.   From what I've read
it worked as a mouth prostitute some year's ago, isn't that right slave"

At first I didn't realize she was talking about me but then being referred to as
"it" does take some getting use to.  I felt totally humiliated by this
revelation in front of all these people, my arousal seemed to drain from me, my
head hung down as I felt everyone's eyes on me.  I knew the silence wouldn't be
broken until I spoke, even through Master Carl had repeatedly told me that a
slave had no right to privacy, that the interview panel had been given copies of
all my e-mails to him along with voice and video recording of every session we'd
had I still felt betrayed by the fact it was being given out to just about
everbody.

"Answer me cunt" as another pulse of water was injected into my now distended
stomach.

"Yes Slave Mistress Joyce, this slave worked and was paid to suck cocks." I
answered softly.

"See John you get a real professional tonight, cocks sucked and taxes done at
the same time" slave mistress joked.

"OK enough reminiscing about the good old days, your as full as you can be so
now get back in front of you toilet and get your face and hair washed, be quick
about it" she said slapping my cheek with her hand.

I returned to the kneeling position in front of the toilet just staring at the
water with the soap floating in it and the bottle of shampoo sitting at the
bottom.  I'd used this toilet many times in the past years to piss and shit but
I'd never imagined I'd use it for a wash basin. 

I sighed then leaned down into the bowl lathering up the soap and covering my
face with it.  I had to sit up on my knees as leaning forward with your lower
intestines full of liquid is not very comfortable and I was already starting to
feel the churning deep inside me along with some cramps.

The water was surprisingly cold but I lathered up and followed Slave Mistress's
instructions to wash my ears and behind my neck well.  She had me re-wash
several times always having me rinse off with the cold water of the toilet. 

"OK raise up and hold the soap and shampoo bottle in your hands but shove your
face right into the hole at the bottom of the toilet, all the way in" slave
mistress ordered using her foot to push my face under the now soapy water until
it was touching the bottom of the bowl.

I heard the whoosh then the water drain out of the bowl from around my face,
then the cold water rushed around my face again as the bowl refilled.  I had at
least thought of taking a deep breath before I went under.  I waited as the bowl
filled, which seemed much longer then it does when your head's not stuck in it. 
Again the whoosh and the water drained, I got another breath before the water
started to refill.

I kept my head under waiting for the order to sit up, now I felt my stomach
starting to cramp up accompanied by the urge to release the volume of liquid
trapped inside me by the inflated nozzle.  I felt it straining to push out of my
ass, I wasn't sure just how large it was but it felt huge so I didn't think I
could force it out even if I wanted to.  I tried to keep myself relaxed, not
only to keep from using oxygen but also to make sure the plug and liquid stayed
inside me.  Without any direct knowledge of what Slave Mistress Joyce would do
if I voided without permission, I didn't want to gain it first hand.

Finally she pulled my head out of the bowl, "OK slut, wash your hair".

I leaned into the bowl, turning my head so my hair was wet then applied the
shampoo.  I washed my hair as throughly as I could.  I leaned down to rinse it,
but was told to just add more shampoo and lather up really good.  The water and
soap was running down my chest and back wetting the floor along with my legs
making a watery soapy mess around the toilet.

"OK, turn your sorry ass around, lean back with your head into the bowl" slave
mistress ordered in a bored voice.

I moved around but getting myself arched enough to get my head into the toilet
was almost impossible with a gut full of water.  I was slipping on the wet
tiles, my eyes were closed since I wanted to keep the soap out so I wasn't
making much progress in getting my head all the way into the bowl.

"Help her you two, we don't have all night".

With that I felt hands grabbing me and holding me so I could get my head all the
way into the bowl.  Again the whoosh of the flush and the water was pulled away
along with my hair into the drain.  As the bowl filled she had the two helper's
help rinse out the soap.  I was pulled up and forward, out of the stall
slithering on my knees along the wet floor.

The two of them held my wrists and I couldn't see since there was still soap on
my face along with wet hair and my eyes were closed.  They pulled me up to a
kneeling position on my knees which were kicked apart a good 2', then my hands
were placed on my head.  A wave of cramps washed over me causing me to bend
forward but a strong yank on my hair set me straight up again.

Without warning an ice cold shower engulfed me.  My knees and hands
automatically came together around my body from the sudden shock of the water
drenching me.  That's when I felt the shock on my left cheek from the electric
prod.

"Ahhhhhhhh" I shrieked as the electricity made my cheek tense up and again found
myself laying soaking wet flat on the bathroom floor.  The next thing was the
shock of the prod on my right breast.  It took my breath away, not that I had
much since the dousing with the cold water.  I felt my breast bounce as if it
were alive, rolling over holding it I heard a voice, "please......no
more....please I'm sorry".  As I lay there panting I realized that it was my
voice pleading for her to stop.  My eyes were still closed as I rested my head
on the hard floor, my lower region now cramping badly from the enema, hoping the
assault was over.

"Back up as you were cunt or I'll put it in your twat" slave mistress yelled.

Scrambling into position again the ice shower was started over.  My whole body
seemed to contract and shiver as the water cascaded over me.  Even the fullness
of my lower intestines was forgotten for the moment.  My hands were pulled from
my head and held out from my body with orders to keep them there.

I felt hands rubbing over me, soaping me up with liquid soap.  It was a complete
soaping with slave mistress giving instructions to the two pair of hands.  They
soaped me up then rinsed me off again, the water was still cold but at least I
was ready for it.  My hair was throughly rinsed and every inch of me was washed. 
They took small brushes to scrub my finger and toe nails, moving me around,
standing me up or leaning me back or forward to get at my entire body.

So far I had no idea who the other person was helping Sandra but I could tell it
was a she from the size and feel of her hands.  I still hadn't really seen her
since the washing was done fairly fast, so just as I would start to open my eyes
the water would be directed at me again.  I think Slave Mistress Joyce was
directing the hose over me, it would be aimed directly at my face so I couldn't
get a good breath, then right between my legs where it stung my pussy or between
my cheeks so the end of the nozzle would jerk around reminding me it was still
there.

My bowls were starting to spasm from being filled so full and for so long.  I
really needed to shit badly but knew better then to ask.  Finally I heard Slave
Mistress's voice order them away from me.  I was now kneeling with my ass on my
heels holding my stomach and shivering like a leaf in a strong wind.

"Get the bucket" she said as a small towel was tossed into my lap.  "Wipe your
face, squat over the bucket, there's a small knob to release the air then pull
out the nozzle.  Now here is a new game slave.  Once the nozzle is out you hold
your water until I give you permission to release it, that is unless you want to
feel my friend against your slit" she told me while patting the prod against her
palm.

I squatted over the large bucket, releasing the pressure of the plug.  I held it
in place until I felt I was at least in control then withdrew it in one quick
motion while contracting all the muscles in my lower body as hard as possible. 
I looked up at Slave Mistress Joyce leaning on the sink, she'd removed her
cloths at some point and was wearing just a rain slicker.  She had a wicked grin
across her lips and was tapping the prod against her palm as she watched me.

I was straining to hold it in, the squatting position did nothing to help but I
was accustom to this even if I hadn't had much practice since Miss Bess died. 
Every muscle in my body was tense, from my face right down to my toes that were
curled up on the wet floor.

"OK little one, release it" she said as her expression changed from a grin to a
smile.

I felt so much relief as the liquid shit and water filled the bucket I wouldn't
have cared if all the employees at the office were looking at me.  I took in
deep breaths of air to help expel my full bowels as fast as possible pushing out
the shit and water along with loud farts.  I felt some of it splashing up
against my cheeks but I didn't lessen my efforts, it felt just to good.  When
the initial rush of foul waste was out of me I felt the more solid parts come
out to land with a splash in the now filling bucket.  I grunted and pushed out
the loose stool, the aroma of it now reaching my nose. 

Opening my eyes I saw the ever vigilant John kneeling down around my squatting
wide spread legs to get the best pictures possible.  Slave mistress had me lean
forward a bit and spread my cheeks wide so he could capture the slimy shit
falling from my distended asshole.

"Of all the things I see this is the worst part Joyce" John moaned.

"You've been taught that anything put inside one of your holes is to be cleaned
haven't you stupid" Slave Mistress Joyce said looking at the nozzle.  With a
deep breath I closed my eyes then licked and sucked the nozzle clean.  It didn't
really have much taste to it but knowing where it had been and having others
watch me made my stomach churn.

I was now able to see who the unknown Slave Mimi was for the first time.  She
was a slim blond about 5-5 with cupcake size breasts with round pink nipples
capping them with a slender but well shaped body, given how white and creamy her
skin was I wondered how she looked after a session with a member.  Around her
neck was a 2" green leather slave collar, her hair was braided with a green
leather thong woven into her braid that attached a 2" round chrome ring to the
end of  her hair.  She had the word Slave written just above her slit in black
English style printing, the lettering was beautifully done.  It wasn't written
overly large and could be hidden by a full bikini bottom and of course her cunt
was shaved.

Standing there was also Sandra, naked with a 2" black collar around her neck,
she had no lettering on her body at all and her braid had a black leather thong
woven in her hair that also attached an identical chrome ring as Mimi had .  I
noticed Slave Mistress Joyce had a thinner red collar around her neck and that
it didn't have the usual D rings attached as the other two collars did.

"So you know the green collar identifies a slave on probation and still
training, black is for public slaves that have completed training, blue is for
private slaves and the red means I'm a slave mistress.  That means I was a slave
once with at least 3 years experience but no longer am available for use unless
it's for punishment or I agree to it.  You did pretty good at holding it little
one, Master Carl never taught you that.

"Ok take the bucket to the toilet and wash it out, dump your shit out then clean
it, your going to be needing it again" the slave mistress informed me.

Sliding it over to my new wash basin I carefully tilted it into the water to
empty my waste.  The aroma was strong in my nose so I tried to hold my breath as
long as possible.  Tapping the bucket edge on the porcelain rim I tried to get
all of it to slide out into the bowel.  At slave mistress's order to use my had
I reached for the toilet paper only to be informed I wouldn't need it.

This was definitely a new experience for me, turning the bucket so I could reach
inside I felt the bile start to come up my throat.  Swallowing hard to keep from
losing my lunch and trying to use just the tips of my fingers I pushed the
remaining feces into the water with small plops.  Again the ever present camera
kept recording my new chore as the slave mistress made me use my whole hand to
scoop out the loose brown mess sticking to the bucket bottom and sides.

Allowed to flush the now full bowl I had to use the new water to rinse the
bucket out.  Only after it was really clean was the hose given to me to rinse it
out completely.  I was also allowed to squat over the bowl, back to the door
with Sandra and Mimi spreading ass cheeks, so I could rinse my ass crack with
the cold water.  This included using my finger up my ass,  along with an
attachment to the hose end which decreased the diameter so I could insert it
inside myself for a complete rinsing of my rectum.

"OK assume the position cunt time for your second cleaning" Slave Mistress
informed me.

Again the slave mistress snapped on the latex gloves, greased her fingers up
then inserted them deeply into my ass.  It didn't feel as good this time and I
was sure there was going to be many things pushed inside me before the night was
over.  A larger cone shaped nozzle was then inserted up inside me, this one must
have been at least 7" long.  She inflated the air bag it's base trapping the
hard plastic probe inside my ass then proceeded to fill me with hot water for
the second time.  The second filling contained much hotter and larger volume
then the first causing my lower stomach to become distended.

Positioning me over the floor drain in a squatting position the two slaves
proceeded to douche me with first warm water then another solution that was also
warm.  Given the bloated feeling I had from the second enema holding this
position while being cleaned and touched by them wasn't actually arousing at
all.  It was humiliating to have John's grinning black face down between my legs
with his camera, especially when he had them hold my pussy lips as far apart as
they could so he could capture the hose cleaning out my most private area.

Slave Mistress Joyce put me back in front of the toilet, at least I'd stopped
shivering from the initial cold shower given the warm enema and douche.  My
lower intestines were starting to ache from being full and the larger plug was
moving around inside me as I crawled into position causing not uncomfortable
sensations to my rear hole.

"Hands behind your back and grab your wrists, if you let go you'll get to feel
my little friend again" Slave Mistress announced.  Grabbing a handful of my
still wet hair she pulled my head back to face the ceiling, her facial
expression again had changed to the cold mask of domination.  "I'm going to
clean that filthy mouth you have bitch, if it wasn't for the no marking rule
you'd be given at least 30 lashes for swearing, but then much can be said for
the tried and true old fashion method.  Open wide and don't close it or spit up"
she told me with a happy grin as she put her knee into my back, pulled my hair
back further straining my neck, pulling my mouth open and causing as much pain
as she could to my scalp.

In a good position she then proceed to take the soap and smear it around the
inside of my mouth.  I started gagging as the suds started to slide down my
throat but a hard yank on my hair kept me at the proper angle to scrub the
inside of my mouth out.  With that she proceeded to take the soap and rub chucks
of the noxious material around my teeth and onto my tongue.  I was gagging up
soap suds along with quantities of saliva so it was running out of my mouth and
down along my neck and shoulders.

Shoving my head into the bowl that had been just recently held my own excrement
she ordered me to fill my mouth with water.  I swished around a big mouth full
and spit it out, she pulled me up violently shaking my head with my hair, then
again pushed me down into the water so I could get another mouthful of water.

The soap burned my throat and inside of my mouth but she again proceeded to
shove the bar far into my gapping mouth to wash it out again.  She made me lick
the bar until my tongue was coated with a thick slimy layer of the foul tasting
stuff then again was dunked into the water. 

Pulling my head out and up again she poured shampoo not only into my mouth but
down my throat.  I was gagging up the mixture but enough got past my madly
waving tongue into my burning throat and down into my stomach.  Again I was
forced into the toilet water, gulping down as much water as I could to dilute
the foul mixture that was now making my stomach churn.  I couldn't hold back any
longer as my lunch started to come back up.  She held my head just over the
water as I vomited up the soap along with the contents of my stomach.

She held me over the bowl as I continued to dry heave up long after my stomach
was empty.  My face was just inches from the water that was now polluted with
vomit.  The soap mixture had come up my nasal passages causing the inside of
them to burn painfully and my eyes to water uncontrollably.  Spitting and
blowing my nose to clear my system from the burning she forced my face back into
the water, causing me to fill my mouth with the tainted solution.

At least I'd kept my hands locked behind my back as she repeatedly flushed the
toilet with my head pushed tight against the hole at the bottom.  Catching quick
breaths of air as the water swirled about my face I again became aware of the
intense cramping from my full gut.  Between gagging up from the soap and the
cramps constricting my lower body I was in considerable discomfort at this
point, much more so then I'd ever been at any other time of my life.

Finally pulling my head up and back so I was again looking at the ceiling I
blinked my eyes to clear my vision only to see clearly her chilling expression
over my face.  "If I ever hear words like that from that suck hole in your face
I'll teach you just what runs through a sewer, understand me BITCH" she yelled
shaking my head violently. 

"Yes........yes.....Slave Mistress Joyce" I spluttered between gags.  My mouth
was still coated with soap residue but tasted like barf now.  I could feel tears
running down my cheeks and knew it wasn't all caused by the soap in my nasal
passages.

"Assume position 4 shit brain, you two don't stand there get the hose and soap
and wash this bitch down again" slave mistress bellowed. 

Again I was throughly washed with cold water by the two slave's which included a
comprehensive rinsing of my cunt.  They weren't as gently this time but scrubbed
me vigorously with the soft towels including my swollen stomach which made the
cramps worse.

I was bent over so my mouth could be flushed with the hose, my legs started to
buckle from the now incessant cramps racking through my body which was only
increased by the pressure of bending over even if it was more of a hip bed then
at the waist.  It felt like the expanded end of the plug was going to push right
past my anal muscle no matter how big it was which was causing me real pain for
the first time.

"Squat and shit slave" sounded like the most beautiful words in the world, even
with the audience.

The water pulsed out of me in strong jets accompanied by loud wet sounding
farts.  Without orders this time I took the long plug used to clean me into my
mouth so it could be sucked clean.  I stayed in the squat position sucking and
licking the nozzle clean along with clenching my abdominal muscles to get all
the water out of me.  By now any shit left in me was so watery that no solid
matter came out.  Now that the discomfort of the water was gone my thigh muscles
started to complain at my position over the bucket but by letting my butt down
some I was able to ease the strain but still maintain a reasonable squatting
position.

"Position 6, on your knees with your cunt and ass over the bucket" slave
mistress ordered. 

As I assumed the position making sure I was over the bucket, I felt cold water
being sprayed down the crack of my ass.  I was shivering again, the cold tiles
uncomfortable on my knees when I felt a small hose being inserted deeply into my
ass accompanied by a VERY cold stream of water that started filling me yet also
allowed leakage from around my rectum.  I was told to tighten my shit ring to
hold some of the water in, then the hose fucked my now cold ass repeatedly.

Ordered to expel the remaining water into the bucket, then the filling and
fucking was repeated along with admonishments to keep the hose held tight when
it was shoved inside me.  It felt like my guts would freeze but finally I was
allowed to discharge all the water.  I was surprisingly tired after this ordeal
but quickly moved to clean the bucket and suck the hose clean when it was
presented to me.  I was kneeling in front of the toilet not knowing what was
going to be done next when I heard the dreaded phrase from slave mistress,
"assume the position slave we have one more cleaning to do".

Again the snap of latex gloves, two well greased fingers were plunged into my
now cold ass where they proceed to fuck me for several minutes.  This time the
nozzle felt much bigger then before with a more solid feel to it.  I didn't feel
any expansion to keep it in then extraordinarily cold water was injected up
inside me.  Crying out in both surprise and pain I raised up on my toes and
gripped the stall supports as my insides felt like someone was trying to suck
them out.

"Relax bitch" was the only advice given by slave mistress.

I felt like I was going to explode and finally broke down and pleaded for her to
lessen the flow of water.  Of course what I got was "hey this is the easy part"
with an additional spurt of water up inside me.  I felt I was going to burst,
the nozzle was metal and conducted the cold directly to the skin so my ass ring
and the entire length of my rectum started to feel numb finally.  The water
eventually stopped filling me and I was able to start to breath normally again.

"OK now it's time to get your hair done, get over to the mirror.  Don't let that
fall out of your worthless ass or I'll have to fill you again".

I waddled over to the mirror and was allowed to condition my hair then a long
green thong was given me.  I prepared my slave braid as I'd done many times
before interlacing the thong in my hair.  Of course it wasn't to her
satisfaction so I had to re-do the braid several times as my guts churned from
the water.  She wasn't satisfied until it felt like my hair was being pulled
from my scalp then a large chrome ring was attached to the end of the braid
which she tested to make sure it was secure by yanking painfully on it several
times.

Then I was bent over so stray hairs could be shaved from the back of my neck.  I
was grunting from the cramps that were racking my stomach but was finally I was
allowed to pull the 8" metal nozzle out of my cold deadened ass so the water
could be expelled, at least this time I got to squat over the toilet.

"Ok lazy butt, it's time you get a little rest", tossing me my cigarettes and
lighter, "there is coffee and water to drink.  Finish at least two glasses of
water and one cup of coffee, your break time is 20 minutes to rest before we
finish up", with that slave mistress left the room.  I slumped down onto the
cold floor smoking and drinking as slave mistress told me too, I felt incredibly
tired and knew that the night had not even really started yet.

I didn't realize slave mistress had re-entered the bathroom until I heard her
voice boom out, "god dammit you fucking whore, up to position one when a human
enters the room".  I scrambled to my feet assuming the position quickly.  "That
would have earned you at least 20 lashes once your papers are signed, remember
to be aware of what's going on around you cow", with that she playfully slapped
my left breast causing it to bounce against the right one then they both swayed
back and fourth on my chest as she stood grinning at me.

"Dry off and let's get the makeup on we still have several things to do before
your ready".

The makeup was base, plus powder with a light blush,  mascara, eye liner, set
off with light pink lipstick.  The makeup I was told was water resistant to some
extent so it would run.  She then set up a laptop computer and showed me a CD
rom of a signing ceremony explaining all my duties that were required of me. 
She went over this several times to be sure I had it right since she didn't want
to be shamed by a stupid new slave.

"Now I understand you know how to get ready for meeting a member of the society,
you've had the learning part what's next".

"The slave exercises so she is limber and then arouses herself for 30 minutes
Slave Mistress Joyce".

"Good, I've seen tapes of you exercising so get to it, make sure you get your
leg and thigh muscles good and loose, another thing it's no longer "she" cunt,
it's "it", remember how a slave refers to the Societies property and you'll feel
a lot less punishment.  Before the exercise the three of you clean this place up
spotless, you have 15 minutes, be in position 2 when I return". 

The three of use wiped up all the water and washed the mirror and sink.  We were
all sitting with the soles of our feet together in a straight line facing the
door when slave mistress entered.  After a quick inspection she dismissed Sandra
and Mimi to get ready and I was told to start my exercises.

With that I started my regular warm up routine, the floor was hard but at least
clean.  I worked up a bit of a sweat getting warmed up and even earned a bit of
praise from Slave Mistress Joyce.  She felt my ability to do a complete leg
split both from a sitting and standing position was going to be a big asset to
me.  She was impressed that I could push my arms under my knees and pull back my
legs to my shoulders completely exposing my cunt and anus.

The arousal part of getting ready turned out to be a group effort.  Sandra and
Mimi returned and as I squatted between Sandra's legs slowly licking her smooth
pussy, enjoying both the taste and aroma of her, my finger's gently pushed in
and out of her ass.  Mimi lay on her back below me licking me and fucking my
ass.  We traded places until all of us had been in each position.  We were
warned of course not to allow the other to cum, which wasn't to hard with Mimi
since she wasn't very skilled at oral with a women.

I was then put in the inspection position so both of them could swath me with a
coating of scented oil.  Their soft hands felt good on my body as they massaged
my entire body with the oil paying particular attention to my cunt and between
my ass cheeks.  With that done Mimi used two fingers to lubricate my ass
throughly.  Looking in the mirror my body seemed to glow with the oil, I felt
like a slave, looked like a slave, but could I truly sign the papers when the
time came.

I was taken by slave mistress, on my knees of course with her using my braid as
a leash, to the entrance to the floor, right in front of the elevator's.  When
we stopped I came to position 3, which is standard kneeling for a slave just as
she had instructed me too earlier.  I was then ordered to inspection position
right in front of the elevator doors.

"Now listen to me slave, the only one allowed to touch you before the signing is
me and Master Carl.  You will not move because if you do I'll make sure you
won't forget again" showing me the electric prod.  "To move will bring shame
onto Master Carl since he's your sponsor, just in case you don't realize this
he's near the top of the pecking order in the Society.  Another thing, there
will be people that you know from your other life, you will not move when they
approach.  Don't meet ANYONE'S gaze as they look you over and keep your eyes
open at all times.  You'll notice some of them have slave collars on, if it's a
thin choker type then most likely they'll be watching or allowed to participate
in some manner.  If it's a thick leather one like the one worn by Mimi or Sharon
then they'll be serving the member's tonight.  Just so you know the thin one is
called the public collar and is to be worn at all times by property.  If you
sign tonight then you'll be given one to wear and told when it's appropriate not
to wear one".  With that I was left alone in the cold hall to await the first
guest.




THE SIGNING CEREMONY - THE AUCTION

Standing there facing the closed elevator doors I could see my reflection, my
nipples were fully aroused, both from the cold and sexual tension, my skin
glowed from the oil, my face looked somewhat austere given how my hair was
pulled back but the subdued makeup did make me look attractive.  My asshole,
pussy and clit were tingling from all the attention they'd been given over the
past couple of hours.  By tightening my butt I could feel the KY ooze out a bit
from my sphincter causing me to wonder just who or what would be using that hole
before the night was done.

The elevator doors opened startling me out of my thoughts, Master Carl stepped
out, dressed in his dark suit, white shirt and dark tie.  He looked me over
appraisingly as Slave Mistress Joyce stepped up to him, head bowed, holding the
prod behind her, she greeted him formally.  "Master Carl this slave is pleased
to be in your presence again Sir".

"How has it been tonight", looking over at me to emphasize who the "it" was he
was referring to.

"You have chosen well Sir, it has tight holes and follows instructions well. 
Your training is as usual Sir, the notes provided as to the training and
expectations of this slave were accurate.  Slave Mistress had no difficulty with
it Sir".

Approaching me I lowered my eyes so not to look directly at him yet tried to be
aware of his movements.  I could feel his eyes moving across my body as he
walked around me, I was acutely aware of how my breasts moved with every breath
so I tried to keep my breathing even and controlled.  I felt his finger trace
across my shoulders, down my spine, then down the crack of my ass.  Breathing
deeply I tried to relax and not flinch at his touch, the touch I'd wanted and
waited for these many months.

His fingers moved across my spread thighs then lightly across my cunt lips,
parting them slightly so just the finger tip penetrated them, I waited for him
to push inside of me.  Instead he continued to move his finger across my
stomach, up my sides then across both breasts.  I could feel his breath against
my neck as he flicked his finger against each hard nipple. 

"You're a beautiful specimen bitch, you'll be a prime property for the Society"
he whispered  as his fingers encircled my nipples, compressing them not to
gently between his fingers.  "Yes wonderful tits, so nice and white along with
the cunt area and ass, don't you agree Slave Mistress".

"Yes Master Carl, the light tan on the legs, shoulders and arms does show off
the white skin wonderfully, it will show the marks of anything used on it, yet
even the tanned area will show off any abuse well".

God, abuse, marks, my throat and mouth went dry as I again was brought back to
the reason I was on display.  Master Carl had instructed me carefully early on
in our relationship, I was allowed only a tank type bathing suit.  As I spent
considerable time outside golfing he allowed my legs, shoulders and arms to
become tan, but the tank suit covered my torso so the area of my tits to the
bottom of my ass cheeks was unmarked by the sun.  This was one of the harder
requirements Master Carl had ordered, it one of the first real demands that had
caused me to reconsider being trained by him.  As I stood there naked before him
I realized just how far I'd come.

I'd always enjoyed having a wonderful tan everywhere on my body except my tits
and pubic area.  The fact was I only owned one tank bathing suit, which I used
to swim in when exercising, the rest were bikini's .  We had discussed this
early on but of course I'd acquiesced to his demand, the alternative was to
discontinue being his slave.  Now my body was white except for my legs, upper
chest, shoulders and arms.  I pictured my back and ass in my mind, the soft
whiteness of the flesh and Slave Mistress's remarks regarding it being marked,
which for the first time really scared me.

The sound of the elevator doors opening drew my attention back to reality again,
and a sharp look from both of them, quickly my gaze returned to a spot below eye
level on the facing wall.  The sound of people getting off, greeting each other,
foot steps on the tile floor approaching me.  Their comments brought both a
feeling of pride and dread.

"It's very pretty Carl, but then how's it fuck".

"Her tits will look most beautiful tightly bound with wire Carl".

"From what I've read this whore hasn't had much fucking in it's cunt, can't wait
to try it out".

That voice sounded familiar, my heart raced trying to place it but with all the
other distractions, more people coming in, foot steps walking about I couldn't
place it.  Remembering that at least one person was from "my other life" made me
tremble.  I actually was grateful for all the time Master Carl had me standing
in this position, I was use to being kept like this for several hours so it
wasn't difficult to hold my position properly.  The strain on my shoulders,
inside of my thighs and ankles wasn't to bothersome, in addition it gave me
something to concentrate on instead of what sounded like a hundred people
getting off the elevator.

"I've just got to get a closer look at this creature, I've always wanted to get
my hands on her" a female voice professed in a clipped British accent, this
voice also had a ring of familiarity to it that I just couldn't place.

"Take a closer look Caroline, you can always bid for the first chance" Master
Carl announced.

I tried to get a sideways glance at her as she approached, her heels clicking on
the tile floor.  I held my breath, steeling myself for her arrival so I wouldn't
flinch when this person that obviously knew me came into view.  She approached
me from behind, her face somewhat blurred in the reflection off the elevator
door but the man with her, I recognized him even with the blur.  He was a
partner at MY Firm, I'd worked for him several times along with seeing him
almost everyday in the office hallways.  It was his voice that wanted my pussy,
my eyes closed tight as my first test approached.

"My sweet dear thing, I'm going to enjoy trying out a nice buggy whip on those
lushes tits and ass" the British voice assured me lovingly in my ear.  I knew
this was his wife who I'd met at several Firm functions over the years.  I could
feel my body go rigid as the both looked me over.

"Your going to bid on her cunt aren't you dear" she asked him seductively as her
nails traced over my shaven mound.

"Of course, I've wanted to stick my cock in her since I first saw her".

"Then to be fair my love you want to stick your cock into every hole you see,
you must let me bid on some things for ME to enjoy".

"Yes Caroline you can purchase anything you wish" he replied with a chuckle as
they both came around in front of me to inspect the new play thing.  He raised
my face up so I could look at them directly, they were both smiling like two
cats with a corned mouse.  I tried to smile back but I was to tense to make a
good show of it.  "Your going to be used tonight bitch, used by both of us along
with the other members.  It will be a well attended function,  but don't worry
if you need extra time off next week, I'll see you have no trouble getting it".

As they started to walk away he turned back to me "as a matter of fact your
going to need it".  I felt fear for the first time, real gut wrenching fear and
wondered if I made a break for the elevator if they would stop me.  I could try
to fight my way out but then I didn't have my purse, so my car wouldn't be much
use.  Naked as the day I was born I would have a hard time getting home let
alone into my condo without getting arrested.  Yet how bad could it be, I could
claim I was kidnaped, they would accept that.  Even the humiliation of being
outside the building naked didn't seem as bad as those parting words.

Slave Mistress was next to my ear without me even noticing her, whispering to
me.  "Don't even think of it cunt, you make a break for it and I'm free to do
with you as I wish.  Remember the rule, you can't quit until your asked to sign,
until then your MINE.  You can leave then if you wish to show them all that
Master Carl's ego got ahead of his judgement, but if you run now you'll be
punished".

I nodded my head a small bit to let her know I understood, then I saw the huge
bald man holding the elevator door open for more guests, he was 6'-6" and there
was NO WAY I could ever get by him, perhaps slave mistress wasn't as
cold-hearted as her remarks sounded.  She was just letting me know that I could
leave here basically unscathed if I just waited.

"Alright everyone it's time to begin" Master Carl announced.  It was time, I had
perhaps 3 or 4 minutes to make up my mind.

Again Slave Mistress was whispering to me, "Let's go remember the lessons on how
to act.  Even if you refuse to sign at least have the good manners to behave
properly up to that point" she told me softly patting my butt.

I came to position one, arms along my sides and legs together, then stepped
forward turning to face the entrance to the office foyer, centering myself with
the lines in the floor I gracefully lowered myself to my knees, then forward so
my palms were on the ground.  I now felt sweaty even though the tile floor was
cold, slave mistress took up my braid by the ring in the end, we moved forward.

My eyes were on the ground, the tile turned to carpet then a light tug on my
braid brought me to a stop.  I sat up and assumed the standard kneeling
position, keeping my eyes up enough to be able to see Master Carl's chest but no
further.  I arched my back and pulled my shoulders back so my tits were thrust
up and out then let my palms rest lightly on my splayed thighs, I felt a sense
of pride at how I'd assumed my position in front of him.

"Are you ready" he announced.

I lowered myself at the waist allowing my arms to move forward until my face and
outstretched arms were touching the carpet along with my nipples, palms facing
upward as I'd seen on the demonstration CD.  Swallowing hard I answered "Master
Carl this slave is prepared and ready Sir".

"Raise up and take the paper, read it then affirm or not".

I rose up so my thighs were straight, arms out with my palms held up to him so
the paper could be laid in them.  I felt it resting there, my eyes were closed,
my breathing deeply filling my chest allowing my breasts to push out proudly. 
This wasn't done intentionally, but I'm sure everyone appreciated it by the
audible gasps.

I opened the single sheet of fine linen paper, I knew what it said by heart but
was required to read it verbatim.  "I Patricia Schaffier do hear by give my
person to the Society of Rome, to become their sole property and possession.  I
understand that upon signing this document of transfer I forfeit all rights to
the use of my person without the express permission of the Society.  I fully
understand that I will be a slave, that the use of me will not be limited with
the exception of permanent marks or modifications.  I am aware that I will be
for the sexual pleasure, what ever that may entail, of any member of the Society
or whom they designate.  I sign this with full knowledge and consent".  My name
was typed just below the signature line, my heart was pounding and it felt like
my head was going to burst from the blood throbbing at my temples.

A gold pen was dropped onto the carpet, it was now or never.  I sat back down on
my hunches, leaned forward to place the paper on the floor, taking the pen my
hand, it was shacking so much I wasn't sure I could even sign my name with it.

"Signing that is the last time the name Patricia Schaffier will be used by you
during Society functions, the fact is Patricia Schaffier will cease to exist
Miss, do not sign if you do not wish to" Master Carl told me in a soft voice.

I looked up at him, he was standing there, smiling at me with his soft eyes.  I
knew I could go, but I couldn't, not with that look of trust on his face.  I
signed the paper, folding it I again rose up with it and the pen in my open
palms to my REAL Master.

"It is done, this slave has become property of the Society of Rome until such
time as she renounces it, which we all know cannot be until she is released from
this ceremony.  I refer to this slave as bitch, you may call the property what
you will, her registration number is 002985, do not forget that bitch".

Into my open palms Master Carl placed a 2" wide green leather collar, attached
to it were the usual silver D rings but it also had a shiny brass plate engraved
"Property of the Society of Rome", beneath that was "Number 002985" and today's
date.  I placed it around my neck feeling the soft lining on my skin and held it
in place as I'd been instructed.  Master Carl moved behind me and buckled the
collar snugly about my neck and I finally breathed a sigh of relief that the
decision was made.

"Wrists" Master Carl called out.  With that command I raised my arms hands palms
up so wrist cuffs could be attached, they too were lined with a soft material. 
Master Carl ordered ankles and this slave laid back onto the soft carpet, my
legs pushed straight out then I raised them from my hips to a 45 degree angle
using my stomach and thigh muscles to hold them still as leather cuffs were
attached around each of them, the feeling of them encircling my limbs felt sexy
and menacing at the same time. Ordered to follow Master Carl I crawled next to
him down the hall, my braid again used as leash, with the metal D rings jingling
as I moved forward.

I was led to the large conference room but saw the large table had been removed
and the chairs set around the edges of the room.  I could make out the legs of
the assembled crowd along with bare legs and feet of at least six persons that I
assumed were additional slaves.  I couldn't tell how many people were actually
there but it appeared to be at least 30 persons standing about.

I didn't dare look up but did see several new items of furnishings had been
added.  One looked like part of a gym machine with chrome arms attached to a
wide base, the arms themselves were hinged at the base and mid point with eye
bolts attached on the ends to allow something to be attached.  There was a
padded bench that appeared to be 5X2 with adjustable height legs and rings for
attaching restraints located around it's sides and legs.  I could see what
looked to be a clothing rack with whips, paddles and canes hanging from it and I
shuddered inside.

Ordered onto the bench in position 3 then instructed to lean back so my
shoulders were resting on the bench with my arms outstretched palms up and knees
kept wide apart, which I was told was position 7.  This caused my pelvis to be
pushed up and my open wet pussy to be fully exposed for all to see as my heels
were now tightly tucked under my butt.  Now I could make out more of the people
milling about, looking over their new property.  Closing my eyes I tried to
control my breathing as my stretched out position flattened my chest and stomach
making breathing difficult.  I felt extremely sexy at that moment along with
feeling VERY vulnerable.

Again Master Carl called my attention back from my personal thoughts.  "This
property will be marked before the festivities begin, Master Donald please mark
this slave".  I felt something cold wiping off the area above my exposed vagina,
then a sharp scratching across the taunt skin.  I was admonished to remain still
through out the procedure.  It took about half an hour to complete with Master
Donald rubbing his hand across my clit at every chance making it peak out from
under it's protective hood.  I remained looking up at the ceiling as people came
by and watched, no one touched me but I was warned to keep my eyes open, I felt
the heat of my deep flush warm my body.

I felt Master Donald's presence move away from me, a mirror was placed so I
could look up at what had been done.  Written in stylish old English scrip was
the word "bitch" across my pussy mound.  "The ink will fade within 60 to 90 days
slave, then possible something else will replace it, perhaps not" Master Carl
informed me.  Well at least I wouldn't have to worry about forgetting to mark
myself again, the lettering was small enough that a full bikini bottom would
cover it.

Master Carl addressed the audience "Now let us begin with the planned
activities, Slave Mistress Joyce please start".

Slave Mistress Joyce brought me to position 6 (hands and knees) across the
narrow part of the bench, with my knees spread wide, hands outside my knees to
brace myself.  An 8" flesh colored dildo was placed on a pole below my face.  As
I listened to slave mistress address the assembled members I couldn't conceal my
trembling.

"Now members of the Society from your activity cards you can see Master Carl has
planned a full night for your enjoyment.  First thing all of you have been given
either blue or red tickets for the drawing, but before that the charity auction
will begin.  Remember the proceeds help the Society defray costs so participate
fully.  First item to be sold will be the new slave's suck hole".

"As you can see from the bio provided this slave was used as a prostitute so
she's actually a professional at this.  Show the member's how good you are at
sucking cock cunt".  My face burned red from my shame as she told everyone about
my prior activities in detail with the warm flush moving over my body until I
felt it down to my toes.  I could hear the ohhhs and ahhhhs along with muted
comments from the people.

A sharp slap on my bare ass reminded me of where I was.  "Get to sucking mouth
whore so the buyers can see what your worth".  Raising her voice to the members,
"bidding starts at $500 as that is what she was paid before, please who wishes
to bid first".  Leaning forward careful to keep my balance I started to lick the
end of the false cock as Slave Mistress kept up her discourse on my attributes.

She offered the members a chance to move closer and feel their new property. 
Fingers moved across my exposed pussy, my puckered anus, my legs, sides, hanging
breasts and nipples were stroked and prodded by anyone caring to touch the new
property.  She bent down to whisper to me to put on a better show, so I started
licking the fat cock, then taking it all the way into my mouth.  My saliva
started drooling over the cock and when I took it all the way down my throat
Slave Mistress had me repeat it so all could see just how much the "mouth whore"
could take.

I heard the bidding start at $500, then $550, a quick tweak on my hard nipple by
Slave Mistress reminded me to pay attention to my sucking, not to the hands
touching me or the fingers being pushed into my wet cunt or well lubricated ass. 
The wet fingers were wiped across my cheeks.  I saw tears drop to the floor from
my eyes as I was sold to the highest bidder.  I don't remember the high bid but
it brought loud clapping from the assembled people.

I was ordered from the table to the floor so I was kneeling in front of the high
bidder.  He was around 60 years old, a bit paunchy with thick black hair
covering his stomach, groin and legs.  He was sitting in a chair designed to
allow maximum access to his lower body.  There was not actually a seat, but
padded supports for his thighs so his cock, groin and huge white ass were
accessible.

My arms were pulled back behind me, the cuffs attached together then attached
with a short chain to the back of my collar.  This caused my chest to be pushed
out, shoulders to be pulled back and was terribly uncomfortable.  His semi hard
cock was right in front of my face as I listened to the "rules" for the first
entertainment of the night.

"Since this property is an experienced slut it won't be allowed to use its
hands, just its mouth and tongue.  Now the first 10 minutes is a grace period,
so if this worthless slut can get the member off within that time period then
there is no penalty.  After that, for every minute it takes to bring this member
to his orgasm one stroke is earned by the slave.  After 30 minutes if this slave
hasn't completed the task then the entire penalty is 60 strokes.  Ready, begin",
Slave Mistress announced as she started the timer and placed it near my leg so I
could hear  the seconds tick by.

I started by kissing the end of his cock, then licking around it, down the
underside, kissing his hairy balls, sucking them softly then licking up and
around the top.  Taking his still semi hard cock into my mouth I sucked it
gently, using my tongue to wipe around the end while I held it in my mouth. 
Given that my arms were being held behind my back it was not only awkward to
move my head around but put quite a strain on my back and shoulders.

I knew how to suck a cock as good as anyone, or at least I had always thought I
did.  But without hands it was difficult to do a good job of stimulating him. 
Usually you can use your hands to caress the shaft and balls but without their
use combined with my arms being held up behind my back it was difficult to get a
good rhythm going.  All the while the ticking from the timer seemed to keep me
from concentrating on what I was trying to do.

I could hear feet shuffling behind me, murmured comments, and this man was not
even trying to help.  He simply sat back in the chair watching me.  My slurping
become more audible as I took his thin smallish 6" cock deeply into my mouth and
starting my soft purring deep in my throat.  That at least got the desired
reaction, his cock become hard and as I pulled back licking the head I could
taste his slick pre-cum leaking from his cock head.

I used the tip of my tongue to play with the tiny hole leaking the sticky fluid,
gently flicking my tongue across the head, then every so lightly using my teeth
from the base of his cock over the slick end.  Taking it deep into my mouth
sucking so tenderly then pulling back again.  I knew I could get this guy off
without much trouble if I had my hands but by now my shoulders were really
starting to cramp up along with my stomach and back muscles.  My knees were
beginning to burn from sliding around on the carpet so I could move around, all
the while the ticking seemed to become louder.

His hips started their involuntary humping as I continued to pleasure him with
ever trick I'd learned.  Pushing the head against the inside of my mouth,
licking along the shaft and even managing to get each of his testicles into my
mouth to suck on them.  He was almost there, I knew it, I could sense him
getting ready to cum when the timer went off.

The buzzer sounded, it was so loud that I could feel it's vibrations, then my
head was yanked back by my braid so hard I thought my neck would snap.  I fell
back fully but was held up by my braid, my entire weight held up by my hair yet
my feet were tucked against my ass with my knees spread apart showing my open
cunt.  I screamed out from the sudden hot pain radiating from my scalp.  Slave
Mistress Joyce pulled me back until my legs were pulled out from under me, then
let go so I was dumped onto my back.

I was panting, trying to catch my breath as the tears ran freely from my eyes. 
I tried to keep my nose from running but that was also a lost cause.  I was
laying on my side looking up at the circle of leering faces of the members.

"Get up on your knees you fucking worthless lying whore" Slave Mistress barked. 
She touched her prod against my left nipple, my tit bounced from the shock, my
chest and shoulder muscles become rigid, I mouthed a silent scream then rolled
over the other way to get away from her.  This time the prod found the sole of
my foot, my whole leg cramped, it felt like the mother of all charley horses.  I
groaned out not being able to make much noise as I was having trouble getting
enough air to breath.

"Position 3 suck face........UP I SAID" this time the prod must have been put on
a milder setting as she triggered it on my ass.  It made me jump but at least I
was able to get up onto my knees.  I was now sweaty and oily so the fine carpet
fibers were clinging to my body making my skin itch.  My shoulders, neck and jaw
ached from sucking for a full 30 minutes.  My braid was pulled so my head was
tilted back.  "Drink this bitch" a bottle of cold water was poured into my
mouth, I wanted the water desperately but the position of my neck made me gag so
I coughed quite a bit of it up leaving cold trails of water running down my tits
to my crotch.  Finally my hair was released enough so I could position my head
allowing me to swallow more water.

I knelt there still coughing but a sharp rap on the top of my head with Slave
Mistress's prod provided enough incentive to control myself.  Now I was simply
kneeling before everyone trying to move my jaw enough to relieve the muscle
cramps.

"Well perhaps this slave wasn't as talented as advertised, but I'm sure the
member's will provide additional volunteers tonight to see if it can live up to
it's potential".

"Members and assembled guests the next item to be auctioned off will be the
slave's tongue, which if this worthless cunt hasn't lied, should be quite
talented in providing pleasure to the winning bidder.  Now this service can be
purchased for a member or possible your slave's enjoyment, which ever you
prefer.  Of course the contest rules can be altered if you wish.  This slave has
serviced females since it was a teenager, given the details of the properties
bio it should be an excellent pussy licking choice.  The bidding starts at $500,
now who wishes to purchase this talented slave first".

When finished with initial opening statement Slave Mistress reached down to
grasp my nose and jerk my head back with instructions to open wide and stick my
tongue out for the member's to see.  I felt like a total fool, my mouth open
wide waving my tongue about.  With a further admonition to me that a suitable
device would be provided to help me extend my tongue properly I pushed it out
until it was pulling uncomfortably at the lower side of my tongue, waggling it
about so the bidders could see what they were purchasing.

The bidding wasn't as brisk as for the blow job but Caroline and Mistress Laura
(Mrs. O'Neil from the interview) drove the price to $850, with Caroline finally
getting the present her husband promised. 

Caroline was wearing silky expensive sheath so she simply slipped out of it
reveling a well toned body with smallish breasts.  She had obviously planned for
this evening for under her dress she was naked, so she simply handed the dress
to a waiting slave, then sat down in the chair previously held by the high
bidder of my mouth.  As I knelt there waiting for my next order I noticed that
the chair was cleverly constructed as it had not only height adjustment but one
to allow the supports for the thighs to be moved so it was a one size fits all. 
She discussed something with Slave Mistress Joyce, who nodded her head in
agreement.

I was positioned between Caroline's open thighs, her chair adjusted so it was a
good height for me, which they hadn't done for the male member, if they had I
would have been better able to satisfy him I'm sure.  Her pussy and pubic area
was well shaved except for a patch just above her slit which showed she was
indeed a natural red head.  From my position I could see that she had puffy
outer lips and thick inner ones that pushed out from between them.  The edges of
her inner lips were very dark which was always a turn off for me.  It wasn't a
particulary appealing looking cunt but I could see the wetness on the lips and
"knew" I could get her off in a lot less then 30 minutes.

My head was pushed forward by Slave Mistress until my nose was just touching the
pubic hair, with my first breath I had to stifle a gag, with all her looks and
money it didn't smell like Caroline knew much about personal hygiene.  I tried
breathing through my mouth so I didn't have to smell her but I dreaded what she
must taste like.

"Now the high bidder has set the following rules for this segment of your
entertainment.  The slave will provide oral stimulation for 30 minutes but as a
test of skill it must be done in such a manner as to not provide an orgasm, but
simply a prolonged sexual arousal.  This slave will not be allowed to remove her
tongue or lips from the member's vagina for more then a count of 2, which will
be monitored by myself.  Any infraction of this will result in 5 strokes being
added to the total already accumulated.  If the slave is successful then no
additional strokes will be added, but" Slave Mistress stopped her address for a
few moments as I inhaled the "aroma" of Caroline waiting for the other shoe to
drop.

"If Madame Caroline does orgasm, the slave will receive 25 strokes, as it will
with each succeeding one following that".

I closed my eyes knowing full well that given the stink of her cunt Madame
Caroline didn't get much oral satisfaction at home.  I'd learned on the CD Slave
Mistress played for me before we started that not everyone was considered a
Master or Mistress.  It stated that many times the wife and sometimes a husband
was not a trained dom, so they were addressed as Mister or Madame instead of
Master or Mistress.  They could order property about but weren't allowed to
inflict punishment beyond a open hand spanking without a trained dom present to
ensure no damage was done to Society property.   The timer was set, the contest
was about to begin between slave and Madame Caroline.  It had probably been
sometime since she'd been licked by anyone, at least voluntarily, I hoped that
at least she tasted better then she smelled but in my heart I knew that it was
very unlikely.  The order to begin was given, she reclined back in the chair
raising her pussy upwards and I hesitatingly started licking around the outside
of her lips.

I worked slowly around the outside, then ran my tongue upwards over the slit
while putting my tongue partially between them.  I worked slowly, first inside
her lips, then along the outside of them, along the creases of her inner thighs. 
I kissed her thighs lovingly until I heard Slave Mistress call out "time"
causing me to look up at her questioningly. 

She looked at me smiling again she called out "time", then again she called time
until I realized her tapping finger on the prod simply meant that I was not
keeping my tongue busy.  My mistake had been to linger to long on Caroline's
thighs.  As she called out "time" again for at least the sixth time I buried my
face into her crotch pushing my nose, then my tongue deep inside her slimy hole
getting a full taste of her for the first time.

I would suppose any pussy that was sticky from arousal could be called "slimy",
but the word really applied because her taste matched her smell.  Sometimes Miss
Bess's friends weren't exactly tasty but this women had a pussy that really did
smell like day old fish.  I gagged as the taste and smell simply overwhelmed me,
which earned me two additional "time" penalties.  In addition to that I heard at
least two women make comments as to Caroline's health habits.

"This cunts not even trying" Caroline cried out which prompted a light shock to
my right ass cheek and a whispered warning from Slave Mistress that if I didn't
get started I'd feel it pushed up my ass on the number 6 setting.

Now I started in earnest to try to pleasure Madame Caroline, after all I was a
slave and had been purchased for her pleasure, besides she was the wife of a
fairly senior partner so making her happy might be a good career move, which
made me smile given the circumstances.

Her pussy opened up under my tongue allowing large amounts of her sticky
lubricants to cover my face.  I kept licking gently, trying to avoid her clit
not knowing just how sensitive she was. I maintained a steady licking, kissing,
sucking, routine trying to gage her reaction by her hip movements and breathing
until I nudged her aroused clit with my nose.  She bucked forward, grabbed my
head forcing my entire nose and mouth into her trembling pussy as the loudest
orgasm I'd ever heard erupted from her.  I swallowed her vile discharge while
trying to breath and keep from having my nose broken.

Her hands were pulled away from my head while she pulled her thighs wider apart
crying out for more.  I hadn't seen a women gush this much in my entire life, it
was actually leaking out of her onto my knees and carpet.  I went back to
licking around her pussy, softly nibbling at her aroused lips hoping the avoid
further arousing her.  The sharp rap on the top of my head let me know I'd
better do a better job then I was, I don't know just what Slave Mistress would
do if I displeased her but the additional 25 strokes seemed like a better
option.

I took her clit into my mouth sucking it like a small penis, if I couldn't avoid
punishment then at least I'd show them I could pleasure a women.  Even if I
received punishment now the other female member's or male member's wives might
take some pity on me.  It didn't take very much before she again erupted into
another orgasm, this one seemed stronger then the first as her legs snapped shut
trapping me between her thighs.  Her humping hips moved her wide open pussy over
my face smearing me with her excretions and forcing the thick fluid up into my
nose.

She finally relaxed enough to allow me to breath, I sucked in air while trying
to clear my nose when I heard at least two more "time" warnings.  I went back to
her sloppy pussy, the timer was ticking and I wished I knew how much longer I
had until the time limit was up.  I finally pushed my nose deep into her and
blew out as much fluid as I could hoping she wouldn't mind.  I think she was so
consumed with the after effects of her second orgasm she never noticed.

Knowing just how sensitive my clit was after an orgasm I flicked my tongue
across her's expecting her to pull away.  She shuddered and quivered as a
smaller orgasm rolled over her. Kissing down each of her outer lips I lapped
upwards across her clit when she tensed up, her hips jumped out of the seat
hitting me in the jaw causing me to lose my balance momentarily, without my
hands to counter with I fell back until I was laying on my shoulders with my
feet under my butt.  As I struggled to get up I heard laughter and applause
coming from around the room, I wasn't sure what was so funny but  "time" was
called out several before I righted myself and again began servicing Madame
Caroline.

My tongue was causing me considerable pain from the continues licking, along
with my shoulders, back, neck and thighs which were becoming fatigued from my
position.  Finally the timer went off, along with Madame Caroline, and I slumped
down on my hunches breathing heavily.  The sticky fluid produced by Madame
Caroline's cunt covered my face with additional amounts dribbling down my neck
to coat my chest and tits.  The inside of my mouth and nose was coated with her
smelly secretions so her taste and smell was still with me even though I'd
finally finished.

I was pulled by my braid, now my leash, away from the panting women, back to the
center of the room.  "Up on your feet cunt breath" Slave Mistress ordered
pulling on my leash but also grabbing my arm to help me up.  I felt unsteady on
my feet as I'd been on my knees so long but a quick tug on my braid had me
standing up straight, my face coated with goo.

"Assembled members the next item for auction is the properties cunt.  No virgin
to be sure but not as much use as one would think.  This slave hasn't been
fucked by more then 4 or 5 men in her life, a virgin until it's 20's though it
seems this property has been fucked many times by dildos".  With that
announcement Slave Mistress had me spread my legs and bend over at the waist so
my cunt was on display for all to see.  The position was uncomfortable and I
desperately  wanted my face cleaned from the mess coating it since it was
beginning to dry on my skin.

"Feel free to touch if you wish, test how tight this properties fuck hole is,
bidding will start at $800". 

I sensed more then saw people crowding around my rear, then a finger rubbed
across my slit causing me to tense up.  Again the tug on my braid reminded me to
stay still and loose to allow them entry if they wished.  The finger pushed into
my slit, which was still moist from my arousal earlier.  Then two fingers
started stroking me, pushing my ass back I was starting to enjoy the feeling.

Suddenly two fingers were thrust inside me, male fingers from the size of them,
which caused me to groan softly. The twisted about inside me, then they fucked
me several times quite hard.  For the next several minutes fingers of various
sizes from both male and female members were pushed inside, flexed about inside
my now wet cunt then pulled out for the next person.  I felt debased beyond
words, this was worse then being fucked by someone.  Again tears welled up in my
eyes as I kept them tightly shut hoping this would end soon.  Along with the
fingers were comments which made my ears burn.

"Tight hole, juices up nicely".

"Damn only 5 men fucked her, almost a virgin" one laughing man said.

"She doesn't smell to bad, must be fresh catch" which caused a great deal of
amused laughter.

The bidding started, I wanted to know just how much my cunt was worth to these
people.  As the bidding approached $1,200 dollars I still hadn't heard Master
Carl's voice.  I was fairly sure he hadn't participated in fingering me since as
each person did they would comment and I hadn't heard his voice at all.  The
bidding finally stopped at $1,500, and from the voice making it I knew it was
the partner from my Firm.

I was kept bent over, my back and legs protesting my position for some time
after the bidding as something was being discussed.  I was pulled upright and
taken over to the same chair that had been used twice before.  I was told to
bend forward until my shoulders were resting on the supports, head facing
outward.  Then with the assistance of two other slaves rolled up so my weight
was on my shoulders, my back against the backrest of the chair and my legs
hanging forward.

Except for my hands being behind me it wasn't particularly uncomfortable except
for the blood rushing to my head.  My ankles were grabbed so my legs could be
extended straight and out at 45' angles from my body.  The room looked quite odd
from my upside down position, a thick leather belt was attached around my
stomach and pulled tight securing me to the chair.  The leather ankle cuffs were
attached to ropes which were anchored to the base of the chair and tightened so
my feet were lower then my shoulders so now my body was stretched tight, my cunt
and asshole open for the entire world to see.

I was totally exposed to the entire room, the partner that purchased me knelt in
front of me, took his cock out and with a light slap on my open pussy ordered me
to start sucking him.  He used my braid as a hand hold, pushing his cock into my
mouth.  I'd never given a blow job upside down, his balls would bounce off my
nose each time he brought my head forward.  I sucked him as best I could with
him controlling the movements but I could feel his cock growing harder.  His
cock was only 7" or so but was fairly thick.

Without another word he stood up, looking down at me grinning he said "I've
wanted to fuck your twat for some time cunt, now I'm going to".  He pulled open
my cunt by the outer lips causing me to groan out audibly, which only urged him
to pull them further apart.  The muscles in the backs of my legs were already
protesting my position along with my back when I heard him spit directly into my
gaping hole.  I felt it hit the delicate pink tissue of my spread open hole,
then he called his wife over, I looked up at her face, she smiled slightly then
spit into my open crotch.  I had never felt so defiled in my life, then I felt
both their fingers massaging the spit into my open cunt, making sure they also
spread it around my thighs to further my humiliation.

"This slut doesn't really get wet enough on it's own does it" she remarked as
she smacked my wide open pussy with her hand.

My lips were released then his cock slammed down into me pushing me down hard
onto my shoulders.  He continued to fuck me hard, pushing down on my legs
causing more pain from my already extended muscles.  I had already guessed that
there was no "rules" to this encounter, just him publicly fucking me in a
conference room we both used several times a month.

With each hard thrust down I grunted like some pig, the wet sucking sounds of
his cock reaming me out being drown out by the calls from the other members.

"Fuck it hard, that's it".

"Faster come on is that all the energy you have".

"That's right fuck that cunt, but leave some for us".

Even with the remarks, the uncomfortable position, being upside down looking at
the world which was very distracting in itself I felt my arousal starting to
build.  I tried to push up to meet his thrusts, as he bottomed out in me I
clenched my cunt muscles to milk him as he pulled back.  Again he was deep
inside me, again I clenched down, he humped me with short strokes, then long
ones.  I could see my own juices starting to leak out of my cunt and drip down
onto the underside of my tits.

I was panting even though he was doing all the work, my body was starting to
sweat, my eyes closed and I moaned out for him to fuck me.  I was starting to
get lost in the feeling of his cock hammering into me when my world exploded, a
scream ripped from my throat and I bucked up trying to pull away from the red
hot heat that had seared the sole of my right foot.

He didn't stop fucking me, his only reaction was to call out "shit she really
grabbed me that time".  My left foot now felt like someone had run a flame
across the insole of it, a loud "Noooooooooooooo" burst forth from my throat, my
legs straining at the restraints.

The pain was repeated twice more across each foot, now I simply clenched my
teeth to contain my anguish.  I opened my eyes but all I could see was feet and
his body pounding down into my cunt.  It still felt good, his cock slamming into
me, then the grinding of his hips before he withdrew, only to slam into me
again.  I recognized his coming orgasm by his short hard thrusts and tried to
hold his cock inside me with my cunt muscles, again my arousal was starting to
gain on my discomfort.  Then with a final downward thrust he shot his hot cum
deep inside my cunt.  His ejaculation felt enormous, maybe he didn't fuck often
or had stored the load up for me.

He stayed inside me, panting and resting against me, I tried to milk his cock
with my well toned cunt muscles but the reality was that I didn't cum.  I'd been
so close, almost their when whoever it was robbed me of it with some instrument
applied to my feet.

He pulled out dripping cum onto my chin, lowered himself to my mouth then again
used my braid to get my mouth onto his now flaccid cock that was slick with cum
and cunt juice.  I licked his cock clean, not really being able to swallow in my
present position so the mixture simply coated the inside of my mouth.  It tasted
better then the aftertaste of his wife's cunt.  I could feel his jizm leaking
out of my cunt and dripping down my stomach onto the underside of my breasts.

He stepped back, my view was clear as to who and what was done to me.  Slave
Mistress Joyce and Madame Caroline were standing on either side of me, each
holding a stiff leather strap in their hands and wicked grins across their lips. 
"You didn't think a slut like you was going to be allowed any pleasure did you"
Caroline's clipped British accented voice informed me

I was now finding it hard to breath in my present bent position.  The cum from
Caroline had completely dried now leaving my skin feeling tight and drawn.  The
belt and ankle cuff ropes were removed, the chair lowered down and I was rolled
off onto my knees by two slave's I hadn't seen before.

Both of them had black collars around their necks, their hair braided like mine
but they were not wearing the starched men's dress shirt.  They bodies were
encircled with leather straps that tightly bound their tits so they were puffed
up and red in color.  The straps were pulled up tightly  between their legs so
they were buried between their pussy lips.  They didn't look very comfortable
and as they moved away I could see them wince from the chaffing of the leather
on the tender skin of their pussies.

I knelt their feeling the blood drain from my head, the soles of my feet still
hurt from the strapping but it had subsided a great deal.  Now it was more of a
dull burning with a throb then real pain.  Again I was brought out of my
thoughts by the sharp tug on my braid by Slave Mistress.  I was pulled toward
the center of the room again, by now my knees were getting quite sore from the
rug burns caused by the continued crawling.  Another yank on my braid indicated
standing was required, I didn't manage to do it as gracefully as I would have
wanted, but putting weight on my feet caused them to throb terribly.  I felt his
jizm leaking out of my cunt as I stood there with my legs spread apart.

"One last item for the auction, though this slave has had considerable use made
of her shit hole by uncountable cocks and dildos it's still quite tight.  Though
never prostituted like her mouth  this slave has considerable experience in
being ass fucked, so there should be no problem with it servicing any size
member fortunate enough to purchase it's first use tonight".

I let my eyes wonder around the room for the first time tonight.  There were at
least forty people present that didn't have collars on, with at least 30 of them
men.  I eyed Master Carl carefully without appearing to look directly at him. 
He was standing there sipping a drink causally talking to a tall blonde women
dressed in a black evening gown.  He didn't even seem to take notice of me, I
wanted him to bid, or at least pay attention.

 I felt my eyes moisten as he made no move to bid, or even pay attention to me. 
After all those nights preparing for him on line, doing as he requested,
practicing my positions for hours on end now that he could actually have me in
the flesh he paid no heed to me.  I felt a warm tear slowly make its way down my
cheek.

My head was pulled down until I was bent double and the two slaves that helped
me out of the chair pulled my ass cheeks apart with considerable force.  The
skin felt like it would tear as Slave Mistress kicked my legs apart then pushed
two fingers deep inside my well cleaned and lubricated ass chute, pulling them
out she explained to those present.  "This property has been cleaned throughly
as you can see, it's been greased and ready for use by the highest bidder, now
bidding will begin at $800, who will be the first to sample your new
possession".

A bid of $800 was quickly offered as Slave Mistress had one of the slaves insert
two fingers inside me so the bidders could be entertained during the auction. 
Again I felt positively degraded to be used this way while they bid on the
privilege to fuck my ass.  I felt the tears start to build again and I couldn't
stop myself from crying openly, sobbing for the first time.  I had been told in
general terms what to expect, they hadn't lied to me but the reality of being an
object for their use finally started to overwhelm me.  I felt the hands pulling
my cheeks wide apart, I now had three fingers invading what was surly a much
more private area then even my vagina when I heard a voice that sounded slightly
British call out "$5,000 for the jew bitches ass".

I stood up at that comment, causing the fingers inside my ass to be pulled out,
whirled around to face the bastard that had insulted me.  The slaves holding me
open had jumped back, even Slave Mistress Joyce was taken by surprise by my
sudden movement.

"Who the FUCK do you think YOU are" I screamed out.

The room went deathly quite, me standing there totally naked, arms still bound
behind me, my face covered with drying cum I was facing the entire room with a
look of defiance and anger.  I looked around at the people, not averting my eyes
as a slave but looking directly at them trying to identify who'd called me that. 
It wasn't hard to figure out that it was the tall broad shouldered "gentleman"
with dark brown skin dressed in an immaculately tailored dark suit.

He smiled at me stating politely "I said $5,000 for the kike whore bent before
us".

I was standing alone, the slaves and Slave Mistress had distanced themselves
from me.  He calmly walked up to me, looked me over as if I was some interesting
object he found in a store then spit directly into my face.  I was to stunned to
even move as the thick saliva started to run down my face.  Then with a
suddenness that belied his size he punched me full in the stomach sending me to
my knees trying to catch my breath.

"Prince you have the high bid, anyone else wish to raise" Slave Mistress calmly
said. There wasn't another bid made.

I was curled up at his feet, dry retching from the blow yet I was still furious,
she called him Prince but the continued racial slurs still had me enraged
despite my current position.  No one said anything as I finally caught my
breath.  His highly polished black shoes were positioned in front of my eyes. 
Knowing it was wrong I looked up at him with a very un-slave look in my eyes
even though my tears blurred my vision.  He was tall, at least 6'-5", and looked
even larger up close.  His face held a smirk, but what finally made me look away
was the look in his eyes, they were hard eyes, dark brown that had no look of
warmth or sympathy in them.

His voice was deep as he spoke calmly to no one in particular. "This she bitch
has the nerve to speak like that, to look at those that own her.  This worthless
jew with no more use then a toilet is not trained enough to even know the basics
of how to treat members of the Society.  Who brought such a worthless collection
of holes here".

The room was still deathly silent, no one had spoken, he gazed down at me as I
looked up at him not letting what his gaze conveyed dissuade me from my own
stupidity and pride.  His smile that graced is face was anything but friendly,
his large hand quickly grabbed my braid pulling me up so my entire weight was
being held by my hair.

I clenched my teeth hoping to stifle scream in my throat, hoping he'd tire of
holding me up before the pain made me cry out.  Using both hands he shook me
like a rag, pulling me up higher then dropping me so he could wrench me up
again. My tits bounced about pulling at the muscles in my chest then he roughly
threw me aside.  My body hit the carpeted floor hard, my shoulder taking most of
the shock but it knocked the air from my lungs.  I lay on the floor looking up
at him, then to Slave Mistress waiting for someone to say something. 

"Prince this is a new slave who's training hasn't been completed yet.  Of course
if you wish to withdraw your bid it is perfectly acceptable" Slave Mistress
informed him with her head bowed.

"No the bid has been made and unlike this meaningless piece of shit's kind our
word is good.  I do demand satisfaction for the way this slave treated it's
betters".

Now I looked back to where Master Carl had been standing, he was still there. 
His conversation had ended as he looked down at me laying on the floor.  His
face didn't betray any emotion he simply sipped his drink and looked on at the
unfolding scene with the same silence as the rest of the member's.

"It will be as you wish Prince, please discuss the issue with the Board Member's
present.  Position 3 slave" she spat at me as they walked toward where Master
Carl was standing.

No one helped me up, I rolled over to my stomach then finally got up on my knees
in the required position.  The only good thing was some of the spit on my face
was rubbed off by the carpet. Using my braid Slave Mistress took me to the
furthest corner in the room, kicking my knees apart until the inside tendons
were stretched fully, she pushed me forward until my forehead was resting on the
carpet.  She released my wrists, for which I was grateful, then ordered me to
interlock my fingers behind my neck, elbows out and level from my shoulders.

"You will keep still in this position until a decision is made, to make sure
you'll receive a helpful reminder to keep your arms up" she promised me.

I knelt there while the other member's again started talking and milling about. 
Suddenly Slave Mistress was again kneeling beside me, she placed two small oil
lamps under each arm just below my biceps, then she lit them and adjusted the
flame.  The sudden heat burned my skin and I jerked my arms higher to escape it.

"That's right cunt, keep them in the proper position and the flame won't burn
you", with that said she adjusted the flame so I could barely feel the heat as
long as my arms were held properly, she walked away leaving me there to
contemplate what would come next.

As I knelt uncomfortably forward, my back and shoulders protesting the strained
position the members didn't pay any further attention to me, they simply talked,
sipped their drinks and ate the food that had been provided.  My scalp hurt
horribly from all the twisting and pulling it had endured so far and my knees
felt raw from all the crawling on the carpet.  If my arms dipped the heat
generated by the flame burned my skin so I held them up trying to disregard the
burning in my shoulder muscles.

After what seemed an eternity Slave Mistress returned to my side, blew out the
lamps and told me all had been decided, so it was time to begin again.  Again I
was required to crawl beside her until I was in the center of the room, then
ordered to the standard kneeling position with arms still painfully held up.  A
sharp kick in the center of my back had me arch my back more so my breasts were
thrust forward and up.

I was able to see a women had joined the Prince in front of me, I glanced up
carefully to see her. The first thing I noticed was the black collar around her
neck, so she was a slave also, she was wearing a beautiful green silk wrap with
gold trimming that came to just above her knees, black low heeled slippers, her
long black hair was braided and it reached all the way to her waist.  Her skin
was a light brown and she had a beautiful oval face, her features were almost
oriental with a slim build but she was at least 5'-5" tall.

"The Prince will of course be allowed the use of this slave's ass to fuck as he
pleases, but since this slave's actions have displeased this member and violated
Society rules he will of course be allowed to punish this slave in addition to
using his purchase" Slave Mistress announced.

I knew going into this that I'd be whipped, that no safe words were allowed in
the Society.  They had rules as to what could be done to a slave, but just how
far they'd go to punish me I didn't know.  Trying to get a feeling for what
might happen I tried to look at Sandra or Mimi who were walking about serving
drinks and food.  They were wearing the starched men's white dress shirts but
bare foot, their furtive glances and worried looks didn't make me feel any
better.

"Up off your ass slave" Slave Mistress snapped grabbing my braid and lifting me
up onto my feet.

The slave of the Prince stooped lower so her mouth was even with my left breast,
she cupped it lightly in her hands, then taking the entire nipple and areolas
into her mouth she sucked on it hard, then closed her teeth on it taking the end
of my tit between her teeth.  It didn't hurt badly but my stomach was seething
with fear as to what was going to happen.  She stood back from me pulling my tit
out and up but holding it in her mouth with her teeth and suction.

The Prince now moved forward, in his hand were two long black thin leather
thongs, similar to what we used to braid our hair with.  Again the sadistic
smile graced his dark face, he doubled each of them over tying them off so a
small loop was formed on each strand.  My eyes were riveted on what he was
doing, all the while his slave held my tit in her mouth tightly.  He had me open
my mouth so I could hold each loop between my teeth then he braided each strand
separately tying a small knot in the center and at the ends so they wouldn't
unravel.

The crowd of member's had gathered closely around us to watch the scene unfold,
Master Carl was standing just on the outside of the crowd watching me intently. 
My eyes went from him back to the Prince as he finished up his leather work. 
Then he took one from my mouth and wrapped around the breast held by his slave. 
He made sure it was right at the base of it, then he ran the free end through
the loop pulling it up so it wouldn't slip.  His slave took my other tit in the
same fashion and the second leather was snugged up at the base of my tit.  The
ends were run through the D rings of my collar then left loose.

Now he moved behind me, taking each wrist and pulling it around my back, he
attached something to each one then to the D ring on the back of my collar.  I
was holding my breath waiting for the inevitable to happen.  Then he pulled the
strap holding my wrists up suddenly, it felt as if my shoulders were being
pulled out of their sockets, my back was pulled into a severe arch pushing my
chest out.  I grunted with this new found torment, he kept pulling up until I
was on the balls of my feet trying desperately to alleviate the pain.  He
finally cinched up the harness holding my arms and returned to face me.

Tilting my chin up so I could look at his face he was able to get a better look
of the fear that I knew was betrayed in my eyes.  Again taking the two leather
nooses surrounding my tits he tugged at them gently to make sure they were tight
around each of them.  Then he reached out to his slave and something was placed
into his waiting hand.

Finally he spoke to me, holding up what he had been handed.  "We found these in
your office, I suppose it was holding something important.  Well it's going to
be holding something that YOU probably feel is important" he mockingly told me.

I was now petrified at what he was holding in his hand.  It was a large black
binder clip, the size used to hold several hundred pieces of paper together.  He
couldn't be thinking of putting that on my nipple, I stepped back only to find
Slave Mistress right behind me, her hands grasping my upper arms to hold me in
place.  These weren't the same as the small nipples clamps I'd used in the past,
they were strong spring steel torture devices.

 "Nooooooo...........god please don't let him....." I cried out, looking around
for someone to help me and keep him from putting those horrid clamps on me.

He whispered to me quietly "there is no god going to help you .....you filthy
jew bitch".  He grabbed my left nipple, pulled my breast out and slowly let the
binder clamp shut.  He didn't close it on the nipple, which is what I feared at
first because the powerful metal clip would surely have crushed it.  He closed
it so the jaws bit down just behind my areolas securing at least a good inch of
tit flesh inside the clamp. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" I cried out as the clamp crushed my flesh
between it's powerful jaws.  My head started thrashing about as I tried to pull
away from the tight grip on my arms.  As I shook in the most unbelievable pain
the clip and my tit's bounced about.  It was excruciating, the end of my poor
breast felt as if it had been dipped in molten steel, I couldn't focus my eyes
as the room became a gray blur. 

I tried breathing deeply, to focus away from the pain but it wasn't possible. 
As my vision cleared I saw his monovalent grin as he opened the second one,
placing it with great care on my other breasts, I looked down at it, he slowly
let it close until it was just hurting, then kissing me softly on my nose let go
of the handles.  Again the white hot pain shot through my entire breast, I
jerked about but there were at least two other people holding my arms now.  My
legs kicked out tying to escape the searing pain engulfing me.

I was being held up by my arms, but the pain in my shoulders was nothing
compared to what each breast felt like at that moment.  I would have been more
grateful if he'd simply cut them off so I'd know the worst was over.  I lost
control of my bladder and peed all over the carpet, the force of it caused it to
wet the carpet several feet away.  The Prince must have expected this as he had
moved away from in front of me.  As the stream lost it's energy the remainder of
it simply flowed down my thighs wetting my feet with the warm pee.

I was beginning to regain some sense of reality, the sharpness of the pain had
subsided some but the intense pain on the end of each breast was still enough to
make breathing difficult, along with any intelligible thoughts.  My mind was
entirely focused on the ends of my breasts.  I was held up until I could regain
my footing.  I looked down at the two large black clips hanging off my tits not
wanting to even know what the leather nooses around the base of each of them was
going to be used for.

He reached up and took each thong in his strong hands, then nodding slightly my
feet were pulled out from under me sending me down.  The two leather snares that
had moments before only been an annoyance were now cutting deeply into my skin,
trapping the blood inside my tits, pulling them into two tight balls of agony. 
My entire weight was held up by my tits for what seemed an forever, then my
knees hit the floor heavily as he mercifully couldn't hold my weight up with
just his hands.  The pressure from the now trapped blood inside my tits pushed
against the tightly closed ends of the brutal clips on the end of each tit which
increased the pain at least 10 fold.

I was on my knees, unable to scream out as my head hung down to my chest and I
drooled all over myself.  The ends of my new bra were secured so they wouldn't
become loose.  I looked down at what were once my beautiful breasts, they were
now just two ugly red balloons capped off with the two beastly clamps.  It was
difficult to know which hurt worse, but seeing how the leather had bitten deep
into my flesh I started to cry, moaning out not caring who heard me. 

"No........please no......take them off.........pleasssssssse.........god take
them off".  Of course no one did, what they did do was erupt into a loud
applause to my tormenter.

Now I was marched down the hall to my office, I needed assistance since my legs
still wouldn't hold my weight.  Pushing me to my knees he opened the blinds to
the hallway so everyone could watch.  His slave pulled out his hard dark brown
cock, it was at least 9" long and thicker then any I'd seen before.  She pulled
my head back with my braid as he pushed the end into my mouth.  I didn't need
any further instructions as I started to suck his tool, hoping that I'd be freed
from the pain soon.

He fucked my mouth, pushing deep down into my throat not allowing me to breath. 
Then he'd pull it out, telling me to use my kike tongue to lick him.  I no
longer cared what he called me, just so he'd remove the instruments of pain from
my body.  As I sucked him my tits didn't even move as they were fully engorged
with trapped blood.  I tried to get his cock as wet as I could with saliva
because I knew it's final destination was going to be my ass.  Finally he had
enough of my mouth, he pushed me away and I was pulled to my feet.  I looked at
my breasts that had once been so white and soft now they had turned a dark red,
almost a blue color and the pain was now a deep throbbing in each of them.

I was placed kneeling on a U shaped bench at the front of my desk so my back was
to the floor to ceiling window from my office to the hall, not only was he going
to sodomize me, but he was going to do it in my own office.  My ankle's were
secured to the bench, then a pole was run through the ring in my hair, it was
wound until my hair was pulled up tight against the rod.  I was pulled forward
so I was stretched over my desk, my upper weight held by my hair as two slaves
held the rod through it to keep me suspended.   I tried to shift some of my
weight back to my legs but was pulled forward.

"If I was home jew bitch I wouldn't soil my royal cock with your ass, I would
simply tie you like this so we could enjoy you being used like the bitch you
are, by my hunting hounds, but since they are not here I will have to await that
opportunity for a time when I buy you".

I tried to pull away, there was no reason for it as I was tightly held there. 
Then he roughly pushed one, then two, then three fingers up inside my ass,
twisting them, pushing them deeper inside me, painfully stretching my ass for
his waiting cock.

"Before I use this trash, she will receive twenty strokes from a cane so it will
know its place" the Prince announced.  "Now since many of you present do not
know the proper way to cane a slave this will be a learning demonstration for
all of you".  As he spoke he stripped off his jacket, shirt and tie so he was
bare to the waist, his dark brown skin was hairless and he had hard muscled
upper body and arms.

I froze with terror, I knew I'd be disciplined by the Society, that I'd be
available for what ever sexual pleasure they would want.   Master Carl had used
pain to punish, yet he always included sexual stimulation then orgasm for me.  I
knew this wasn't the case with the Prince, he would simple use pain to punish
me.  What was truly frightening me was that I knew his pleasure was only to be
found thru MY pain.

Three canes were placed on my desk so I could see them, one was very thin about
2' long with a wooden handle, the second thicker one was at least the diameter
of a quarter, 4' in length and appeared much stiffer.  The third one seemed the
most horrible, it was tapered along it's length, the thick leather wrapped
handle would fit has large hands well but the 5' rod tapered down quickly to
it's thin end.  It appeared to be very flexible and seemed the one that held the
most promise of pain.

He used the thin short one first, explaining that it could be used anywhere on
the body since it was thin and wouldn't cause lasting damage no matter how hard
it was used.  He demonstrated it on my upper back, then on the top side of my
ass, then across the soles of each foot.  He was right, it sounded bad but
didn't really inflict a great deal of pain, more of a light sting.  That is
until he showed how it could be used on an open pussy, I cried out as he put
several strokes across my open slit and exposed asshole.  Each snap of the rod
was followed by a thin burning pain on the exposed tender flesh of my body along
with a thin whine from me.

Then I found out that it could REALLY hurt when used on my bound tits as I was
pulled upright, then bent back so my chest was facing up so he could reach them. 
He couldn't have hit them hard, almost a flick of his wrist but I howled out
with every stroke, my tears running down int my ears.  He continued his lecture
on the use of the thin cane for at least 20 minutes, even letting several
members try it out.  During this entire time he tortured my bound tits, stomach
or exposed snatch with the thin rod.  Occasionally hitting my clit which
elicited the most pitiful sounds from me.

Then he took the heavy one, explaining that this one could only be used on
fleshy parts of a slave.  He cautioned against using it on breasts or areas
where the bone is close to the skin.  He lightly tapped my swollen breasts
causing me to jerk about.  The pain from being held up by my hair was nothing
compared to what it felt like to have my breasts touched.

I was bent over at the waist again as he then proceeded to lay several blows of
the cane across the backs of my thighs, calves, and lower buttocks.  There
wasn't the swish you'd expect from a cane, it was more the sound of something
heavy moving through the air.  When it landed it didn't make the sharp snap, but
a loud thud as it buried itself into my flesh.  With each blow I grunted like a
pig, my tits vibrating painfully with each stroke.  He continued to explain that
even though this size cane didn't leave a vivid red mark it would bruise the
muscle tissue below the skin leaving a deep bruise.  I'm not sure just how many
times he used it on my thighs but I could feel the deep pain it caused with each
dull thud against my large thigh and calf muscles.

Then the other cane was explained in detail as he rubbed it against my exposed
ass teasing me with it.  He described it as a "lethal weapon", that if not used
correctly it could tear the flesh leaving terrible scars.  It could be used on
the breasts but really was for the ass and thighs.  Then the wicked thin
sounding swish of it, the crisp snap as it landed on my skin, then the blinding
pain along the skin where it contacted my skin.  The pain was at first a thin
line, then it radiated out extending several inches on either side of the mark.

"Ahhhhhhhheeeeeeee , please...........no..............please I'll do
anything......no more........pleeeeese" I cried out with each blow.  He paid no
heed to my cries for pity or mercy.

Then he would rub it over my ass, given that my head was lower then my ass to
hit the tops of my cheeks he used a descending blow.  It felt like nothing I'd
ever imagined, I wanted to pass out, to puke, I begged to have it stopped.  He
simply went on with his lecture, caressing my exposed skin with the cane before
delivering the next stroke.

Then the deadly sound of it coming, me tensing but knowing I shouldn't as it
only makes it hurt more.  The sound of the sharp crack as the cane met my bare
unprotected flesh, the split second it took for the pain to reach my brain, then
the anguished cry from my soul.  These were the only sounds, except for his
continued lecture to the assembled members.

My world was the bucking of my body, how hot the room was becoming, the pain in
my tits from the clamps and binding.  I could see out my office window, the
buildings and ocean beyond, I could even see my condo if I looked left.  All
this I'd enjoyed in my office for several years, then the evil sound of the cane
moving through the air, the pain as it landed on the bare skin of my ass or
thighs, this was now all that concerned me.  I'd never again sit in my office
without thinking of what was being done to me.  I even wondered when I'd be able
to sit at all after he was done thrashing my unprotected back side.

I don't know if it was twenty strokes per cane, he surly didn't use the thick
one that much but by the time his lecture on the proper use of the cane as a
discipline tool was complete I'd forgotten about my tits, the pain in my
shoulders, even the endless pulling on my scalp didn't matter.  All I could feel
was the red hot lines across my once unblemished ass and thighs.  His lecture
even included how a well trained person could raise a welt, or not, depending on
how hard the cane was applied.  Each lecture point brought another stroke on my
defenseless backside along with a sharp shriek from me.

It seemed I could feel each individual line across my skin.  I no longer cried
out loudly with each stroke, it was more of an animal's cry of anguish or a
piggish squeal.  I couldn't even tell what he was saying when I felt hands
grabbing my throbbing ass cheeks, pulling them far apart, then his cock being
thrust up inside me without any more preparation.

Of course I'd been throughly fucked by fingers so I wasn't in fear of being
torn, but the suddenness of he caught me off balance.  My ass ring felt as if it
had been burned by a hot wire, the hands holding my cheeks apart amplifying the
pain from the stripes of the cane.  His cock was large and as it pushed into me
my ass tube expanded to accept it.  I'd found from experience that pushing down
like I was taking a shit allowed the cock to enter me more easily but even this
trick didn't stop me from feeling discomfort as his large cock expanded my
entire rear passage.

Then he was buried inside me, fucking me hard, twisting his hips when he was
fully inside me to further punish me.  It felt huge up inside me, much larger
then any other and I could see the reflection in the glass of all of them
watching, smiling and taking as I was beaten and fucked.

He kept up his pounding of my now tender ass for what seemed an eternity.  I
don't even think he got any sexual satisfaction from it, he just wanted to pound
his cock and pelvis into my abused hole and ass to cause me as much pain as he
could.  He started smacking my ass, which in turn allowed me to find my voice
again so my cries could be heard clearly throughout the floor of the building. 
Then he reached forward and grabbed the binder clips, twisting them I found a
new level of pain that I didn't know existed until he took one off.  The trapped
blood in my tit forced its way into my abused nipple, the pain in that small
area of my body seemed to be the center of my universe.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeee", I howled as the blood forced it's way under the pressure
of the tight snares encircling my breasts into my abused nipples.

He started to fuck me with slow deep thrusts as his fingers played with the
other binder clip.  I knew it had to be removed, sometime, anytime but not yet. 
He grabbed my free nipple and twisted it hard causing me to jump up and down
violently.  He took that moment to pull the other clip off as his cock sank deep
into my now sore tunnel, his body slamming down on my ass that was welted from
the cane.

My asshole clenched hard down on his cock as I jolted up by this new anguish. 
He pulled back until just his head was inside me, his breathing was hard, his
sweat dripping down on my bare back.  My body was slippery with sweat, it
dripped down off my face, I looked at the little puddles on my desk top, waiting
for what he wanted next. 

Suddenly I felt the pressure holding my tits back stop as two black leather ends
fell off my shoulders.  The leather was so deeply imbedded into my skin the
loops didn't loosen, they still held the blood trapped inside them, the color
now alarmed me as they appeared almost black now.  Even with all the pain from
the cane, the soreness from having my ass fucked so hard I was now more worried
about my tits being ruined then anything else.

Then with a tremendous push he buried his thick cock back down inside me.  This
pushed me forward, then he pulled back, I braced for another when I was dropped
right on my tits on the top of the desk.  I howled now as the weight of my upper
body smashed my swollen and tender breasts into the hard surface as his large
cock was forced deep inside me.  Then he placed his hands on my shoulders
pushing me down harder as I fucked me for several strokes.

Then I was raised up, I was pleading now, begging, I was actually frothing at
the mouth yet he continued to fuck me.  "Please no more Master.........Master
pleeeesse".

Someone came over and using their finger nails dug the imbedded leather from the
base of my tits.  First the left one, as the blood rushed back into it I was
awash in another wave of pain, it felt as if a thousand needles were being
jammed into my tit.  I was held above my desk again as the pain in my breast
went from torment to a dull throb.  Then the other was released, my other breast
was again on fire but I could only emit a loud groan until I was again dropped
to my desk

Smashing my abused tits down I tried to rear up and back only to be pushed back
and have them painfully slid across the top by the Prince renewing his long hard
thrust up inside me.  I couldn't believe how long he'd been at it, my ass was
now competing with the rest of my body as to which pain was the worst.  As he
fucked my now open ass with abandon I didn't think my degradation could be
intensified until resonant wet farts accompanied each downward thrust of his
cock into my expanded rectum.

Finally with a final push he spurted his cum deep up inside me.  I felt an
overwhelming feeling of relief as I knew he had finished using me.  He kept his
softening cock inside me, he leaned closer warning me that if I tried to squeeze
it out my tits would be rebound again.  I didn't have the strength to even try
and clench my ass.  It felt so sore and tired I wasn't sure I could even move. 
Then I felt a warmth filling me, I tried to move but was held fast as he emptied
his bladder deep inside my bowels.  I closed my eyes tightly with this last
indignity, hoping I'd be allowed some rest before anything else was done. 

He withdrew from inside me his powerful hands squishing my tender ass cheeks
together, he then released them and the piss and cum gushed out along with a
loud wet fart, finally slowing until it trickled down my crack to the floor.  My
hair, ankles, and wrists were finally released but I was to sore and tired to
even move.  I lay there as he came over to me and pulled my head back so I could
tongue off the mixture of cum and piss from his cock. 

Hands pulled me from the desk so I was again kneeling, I knelt there as he
dressed, then he took my braid, moved my face to puddle of cum and piss on my
desk and carpet.  I knew what he wanted, I didn't even think to protest nor try
to look for sympathy or pity from him, I simply started licking up the foul
mixture, slurping it up ignorant of all the watching eyes.

I could hear conversation around me, the clapping of hands, then his voice, "now
tell me property, just who the FUCK do you think I am now".

I didn't think I had much voice left after all my screaming but I knew he wanted
me to answer as loud as I could.  "My Master Sir, the owner of this filthy ass
fucked jew bitch that's only fit for dogs to fuck Sir".  I wanted my answer to
be as disgusting and degrading as I could make it so he wouldn't draw out this
last act longer then necessary.

"Very good, perhaps this slave has potential I hadn't seen, after it's been
rested we can see if it's behavior remains proper".

I continued to lick up the mixture of strong piss and sticky cum off the carpet
and desk long after they all had gone back to the conference room.  I was taken
by Sandra and Mimi back to the bathroom where they removed my collar and other
leather cuffs.  Then they rinsed me with ice cold water that brought me back to
the land of the living including the pain from the water hitting my badly
throbbing boobs and ass.  I was gasping for air when I sat back on my ass, I
quickly rolled over to my stomach but my tits were still hurting so I laid on my
side as the rinsed me off, washing away the accumulated leaving on my body.

They helped me douche my cunt along with an enema to clean out the remaining
cum.  It was painful having the nozzle being pushed in even through it was small
but I was told that it was required.  After drinking water they gave me a large
glass of orange juice and honey to sooth my throat.  Then I was given a towel,
coffee and my cigarettes as Slave Mistress Joyce came into the room. 

"You cunt Mimi out you have your punishment to receive while this one rests, you
stay and make sure it's cleaned and ready to go in 45 minutes", with her orders
given Slave Mistress left the room.

I tentatively touched my aching breasts, their color had returned but two ugly
bruises were left from the binder clips, along with deep red groves from the
leather bindings that would turn an ugly purple before long.  I tried rotating
my shoulders but they were to sore to move on my own. Sandra massaged them until
I could move them on my own.  My jaw wasn't as sore as it was before or I had so
many other areas that hurt I didn't notice.  The entire length of my rectum was
throbbing and my ass ring burned like someone had put deep heat on it.  I had
never been fucked so hard in my ass, but the real pain was from the top of my
knees to the small of my back.

I had trouble standing but with some help was finally able to get a look at my
backside.  The Prince hadn't lied, the larger cane had left significant bruises
on my thighs and buttocks which actually hurt more then the others.  The very
thin cane hadn't left any real damage but the other one, my god there were at
least half a dozen raised welts, several of the stripes were already turning
black and blue, while others still shown as vivid red lines against what was
left of my white skin.  I doubted that I'd be sitting comfortably for at least
several days.

I sank to my knees crying but as I bent forward the pain in my breasts kept me
from going all the way down.  I rested my shoulder against the wall but found
that I had a bruise there from where I hit the floor.  Sandra gave me coffee,
helped me light my cigarette and hugged me softly.  She assured me I'd done real
well, except for being stupid enough allow the member's to trick me into being
punished.

She explained that it was done to new slave's all the time.  Wether the Prince
was a true bigot, or just enjoyed using that language with a Jewish slave was
immaterial.  She told me that no matter what was said a slave shouldn't allow
her emotions to be known.  She assured me it happened to every slave at least
once.

This made me feel better but I dreaded going back for more, I told her I didn't
really think I could stand any more.  She smiled softly at me, kissing me on the
lips but what she said, even if it was meant to make me feel better, still sent
a shudder down my spin.  What she whispered to me while we sat in the bathroom
waiting for my rest period to be up was, "you don't have any choice, enjoy it or
not, your the property of the Society of Rome".

We sat silently together, me trying to find some way to become comfortable and
Sandra cleaning up the water from my rinsing along with cleaning the collar and
cuffs.  I offered to help but she declined saying I needed to rest.  She told me
to drink more coffee as it had stimulants in addition to some additives that did
alleviate some of the pain.  I wasn't that interested in taking any drugs but
she assured me that it wasn't habit forming.  In the end it didn't matter since
the coffee did make me feel much better.

She got me up so I could stretch some of my sore muscles then informed me that
the traditional arousal was required.  I wasn't the least bit interested in
being touched but knew she would get in trouble if we didn't go through with it. 
Her soft tongue did feel good on my pussy but when she started to lubricate my
sore ass I thought I'd rather be punished then have her lubricate it.  Again she
told me to just allow it as my ass would most likely be used again this evening.

With that thought in mind I tried to just focus away from the pain as I'd been
taught as she throughly greased me up for the next round with the Society.  I
was required to repair my makeup then Sandra oiled me again as she had done
before.  She tried to be as gentle as she could around my tits and whipped ass
but they were so tender it didn't really matter how gently she touched me.  Now
ready to go back again I tried to calm myself down before it was time, but the
sounds of flesh being struck with the accompanying cry from a slave being
punished was very unsettling.

While we had some time together to rest I asked Sandra how much longer this
would go on.  She didn't know since slave's aren't allowed to see the program of
events but she knew her's hadn't lasted more then two hours.  The other ones
she'd attended before also didn't last more then two hours or so and the
attendance was usually only 5 or 6 people.  She told me that Slave Mistress had
told her that this was the biggest, most elaborate signing ceremony that had
ever been done.  It was invitation only with a steep fee to come, which only
included two free tickets for a chance to use me.

She explained that the tickets were used to select people from the membership
that would be allowed to use me in some manner.  She also knew that most of the
member's had purchased additional tickets before the ceremony began.  She had
overheard several people talking about there bets on if I'd finish the ceremony
at all.  With this new information only came more fear of what else would be
done to me.

The door swung open and Sandra quickly dropped to her knees, I quickly put out
my cigarette and joined her as Slave Mistress entered.  She was accompanied by
Mimi who was crying quite hard and was being supported by another slave.  Sandra
was ordered to take care of her and I was to assist her.  When she left we both
started to help Mimi take off the cuffs and collar and I understood why Mimi was
crying.

Her delicate white skin from her shoulders to her knees was bright red with
numerous thin and thick dark red strips from where she had been whipped.  Sandra
used cold towels to cover her back while I helped her drink some water. 
Suddenly my thoughts were no longer about me, but how bad she looked.

It was obvious that in addition to the whipping Mimi no longer had a virgin ass
in addition to the fact that her cunt had been well fucked by the red swollen
look of her pussy lips and the cum leaking out of both holes.  She was muttering
softly "it hurt so bad, I tied....really I did" over and over again.

We examined her ass but it wasn't torn just terrible sore with a bit swelling at
the entrance.  She really didn't want it cleaned but we gave her a small enema
to clean out the cum along with a douche for her cunt.  At least this took my
mind off my own propblems and what lay ahead for me in a few minutes.

Slave Mistress Joyce opened the door to the bathroom and called for me, Sandra
quickly helped me back into my collar and cuffs, then I gave one more look at
Sandra before leaving.  She gave me a thumbs up accompanied by an air kiss as I
left.




THE CEREMONY - PUNISHMENT

The crawl back was really hard on my knees now but Slave Mistress didn't slow
her quick pace back to the conference room.  Once there I was again placed in
front of the gathered member's in position 3 to await further orders.

"Now assembled guests and member's Master Troy will provide an explanation of
his new device before we proceed with the next phase of entertainment planned
for tonight" she announced as I knelt next to her.

"Good evening friends, it's a pleasure to be here tonight to demonstrate the
improved version of the portable dungeon.  As you know the Society has been
working on this for sometime and this model is much improved over the manual one
now available.  This one is fully automated with microchip processor's so the
slave's position can be changed without ever releasing them.  It's design really
owes much to the auto industry as it is really a modified automatic convertible
top mechanism.  It provides a means of securing a slave for punishment or
enjoyment without having to have an in house dungeon with hooks and pulleys
installed.  It can actually be used in a room with standard ceilings and breaks
down into four units that can be lifted by a slave for easy storage and
transportation.  As you know the Society sells these units but they also can be
rented, training is required before purchase or rental but classes are available
at our resorts.  Now with the out further delay let me show you just how good it
works", he announced like a child showing off a new toy.

I listened to Master Troy's sales pitch while trying to get a look at his brain
child, it looked like some kind of universal gym with four hinged posts located
at each corner of an X shaped base.  A tug on my braid had me standing between
the posts.  Slave Mistress had a slave attache the ankle cuffs to two of the
arms, the wrist cuffs were attached to the higher ones.  My hands were about
shoulder height with my ankles only 2' apart and my heart beating hard in
anticipation of just what this portable dungeon was capable of.

"Now don't worry bitch the machine itself won't hurt you, it's just like
electric windows in a car so the machine can't pull your arms and legs out" he
informed me laughingly.  "It's set to stop when to much pressure is encountered"
he assured me as he petted my head like I was an imbecile, I felt a flush of
anger at being treated like this but quickly put aside any idea of smart remarks
given the circumstances.

"Now I will have Slave Mistress Joyce continue on with tonight's entertainment,
if you have any questions regarding the new machine please come and see me", he
finished to a nice applause as Slave Mistress again took center stage again.

"First we will have a group participation event before we actually get into
picking people to administer the over 100 punishment strokes this slave has
earned so far tonight.  Now as we pick ticket numbers the person will come
forward and take three pins from the basket and place them anywhere on the slave
they wish, except for the cunt or clit, that honor will be for the last ticket
holder only.  Slave 982899 (Sandra approached again wearing her starched white
men's shirt, I hadn't heard her addressed by number before, so the first two
digits signified what year we had become slaves) come here for your part in
this".

First a telescoping rod was connected between my wrist cuffs, then using the
control panel Slave Mistress moved the posts connected to my wrists so my arms
were extended out fully and pulled apart until I was Y shaped.  Then the arms
connected to my ankles moved out until my legs were spread wide enough to start
putting tension on the inside of my thighs, I was now in a X position, with my
feet flat on the floor, but my body was fully accessible from all angles.

Next the ring on my braid was attached to a leather belt and flipped over the
rod so it hung down over my head.  I didn't have to wait long to find out just
what this was for, a light bungee cord was attached to the end of the belt, two
padded prongs were inserted into my nose and the belt adjusted so the tension on
my nose required me to keep my head level or the hooks pulled at my nose.  It
effectively made any movement of my head put strain on nostrils which while
uncomfortable with small movements would be painful if I moved it to much.

"Of course it wouldn't be fair for this new slave to not have any chance at
pleasure tonight so slave 982899 will be placed between her legs to lick her
cunt while the pins are placed on her.  But for the membership's pleasure there
will be a contest between these two slut's.  The rules are simple, if slave
982899 succeeds in making the new slave cum then she will be rewarded with a
free orgasm at any time how ever she wants while bitch will have a pin put on
her clit.  If bitch succeeds in not cumming then 982899 will be awarded 25
punishment strokes along with being raffled off tonight to a lucky member for
their use for two days and bitch will not have her clit pinned".   Slave
Mistress looked at me and Sandra who had been placed between my open thighs to
make sure we understood the rules, then with a smile she announced that the
drawing would begin.

I pulled my head down so I could see who got the first number, the hooks in my
nose pulled it up but I was able to make out it was a women.  She took the 3
wooden cloths pins and approached me smiling, looking me over to see just where
she could place them.  At the same time Sandra started to lick my pussy softly
as her finger's played along the inside of my thighs. My hips jerked
involuntarily as her skillful tongue started on my wet open pussy.  I was
extemely sensitive from the light beating it had received from the small rod
earlier

The women ran her nails over my sides, then across my stomach, then up over my
breasts until her fingernail moved across my nipple.  It was very tender from
the earlier abuse which caused me to arch up and away from her touch.  She
smiled so sweetly as she applied the first pin to my left nipple so I was again
in misery .  Though Sandra was truly gifted with her tongue my arousal was
cooled then doused completely as she put the second one on my other nipple,
letting go of it so it snapped shut.  I gritted my teeth as the ends of my tits
were again persecuted for their enjoyment.

I twisted my body trying to turn away from her but the nose piece was truly
diabolical in it's simplicity.  I really couldn't move my body without also
moving my head so the nose hooks pulled and stretched my nose painfully.  She
stroked my cheeks with her long fingernails while deciding where the last one
would go.

"Open up bitch and stick out your tongue" she ordered me.

I looked at her dumfounded so she simply took the top of my head and pulled it
back painfully pulling my nose out and causing me to look directly up at the
ceiling.  "Open your mouth and stick out your tongue you fucking pig faced cunt"
she angrily commanded me.

I opened my mouth sticking my tongue out but she continued to press my head down
until it felt like my tongue would detach from my mouth, or my nose would be
torn open.  "That's better, now keep it that way" she warned me letting the
pressure off my head.

I kept my tongue pushed out fearing further pain in my nose to what she had in
mind.  She put her face close to mine warning me that if I pulled my tongue in
or closed my mouth she would make sure my head would touch my back before she
put the third pin on me.  She tilted my head back, my mouth gaping open then as
I strained my eyes to watch her, she pursed her lips and simply drooled a large
amount of saliva directly over my tongue and into my mouth.

I started to gag, but her whispered warning to me about the consequences of not
staying fully open kept my mouth open wide.  Now she leaned towards my mouth and
spit into it, then as the gob of spit started working it's way down my throat
she put the cloths pin on my tongue, the jaws closing about half an inch from
the tip.  She pulled my head forward enough to jerk my nose up then walked away
as the onlookers congratulated her on further debasing me in front of everyone.

The pin on my tongue stung, but the ones on my nipples hurt horrible, I couldn't
even close my mouth to swallow properly so it took many tries to finally get all
the spit down my throat.  As the next number was drawn I could feel Sandra
working at getting me off.  I didn't think she'd have a chance of winning but
right now even if the tonguing felt good it was a far road to orgasm for me.

There was no hurry to pick numbers so the process was slow, with those not
occupied with other attractions (I'd seen one women getting a tonguing from a
slave when I'd entered the room so I assumed the slave's were being used for the
attendee's sexual pleasure during the entire evening) were providing helpful
suggestions to those who couldn't make up their minds.

I would guess at least 15 or 20 persons were allowed to "decorate me", Slave
Mistress warned me several times to keep my eyes open, if I closed them to long
she would simply pull my head backward to painfully remind me to watch.  Pins
were placed around my tits, arm pits, stomach, belly button and along the sides
of my body.  Some were placed on the backs of my arms along with my ears.

All the while Sandra was busily slurping away at my now wet cunt, the pins hurt,
I'd put them on myself many times but most of these people only pinched a small
amount of skin between the jaws so it hurt more.  I would get a good piece of
skin between them when I did it, the initial pain did die down after the area
became numb, even my sore abused nipples finally stopped hurting as they become
numb again. 

I didn't know how many people were going to be allowed to place pins on me but I
think my body was beginning to fill up when someone finally decided to start
putting some on my ass and thighs.  This did cause me to jerk about as the welts
were tender, my nose felt like it was being pulled from my face and tears were
running down my cheeks.  Yet Sandra still was skillful enough that my arousal
was still building, slowly, but building non the less.

As a small well dressed older women was looking me over to decide just were some
open space was left Sandra entered me with her finger.  I felt it fuck me
slowly, searching for that special spot that she knew was there. By this time I
was sweating, I could feel the beads of moisture run down my arm pits, then
along my sides.  I tried to fight it off, moaning a low no as her finger found
just the right spot deep inside the roof of my vagina.

The women placed one on each ear, then one on the skin of neck, just below my
jaw.  My body started to twitch, then jerk, I twisted around in my bonds trying
to pull myself off the invading finger as her mouth closed around my clit and
started sucking gently.  The women stepped out of my eye sight just as a
powerful orgasm rocked my body.

"Noooooooooooooo" I cried out as my head flew back, my body went rigid as the
violent orgasm radiated through my body.  A second one rolled over me before the
first had finished, I no longer cared about the discomfort from the pins, the
nose hook didn't stop me from thrashing my head about, the crowd of people
stopped talking and all watched as one of the most personal things a person can
do was displayed before their eyes.

I now was wet with perspiration, my hips jerked involuntarily from several mini
orgasms as Sandra gently lapped at my super sensitive clit.  I was breathing as
if I'd run five miles and was great full for the restraints holding me up
because I'd have collapsed if not for them.

Slave Mistress dismissed Sandra from between my legs, I felt the wonderful
afterglow of what had to be one of the most powerful cum's of my entire life. 
She took the pin off my tongue which hurt but then gave me cold water to drink. 
It felt wonderful to have it since my mouth was parched from not being able to
close it for so long.

"Well let's see just who the lucky winner is that can place the pins on bitch's
cunt lips and clit" Slave Mistress announced.

I didn't fully appreciate what she said until the tall blonde women I'd seen
with Master Carl approached me with 5 cloths pins in her hand.  My eyes widened
as they looked larger and more powerful then the others that had already been
used.  She looked into my eyes, then smiling softly she reached down with her
hand to stroke my clit, I jerked at her touch since it was now super sensitive. 
I foolishly couldn't believe she would actually put one on me.

She knelt down, I tried to lower my head to watch but the nose hooks were
uncomfortable so I could only glance down.  I felt her fingernails tracing along
my now fully engorged outer lips, her breath against my wet open pussy, then the
first one was attached, I pulled up with all the strength in my legs and arms, I
could feel all my muscles tighten, the tendons on my neck bulged out.     

My teeth were clenched so tight I didn't even cry out until she attached the
fourth one, I twisted my hips as I felt her fingers gripping my swollen pussy
lip with her nails.  The first three she had closed slowly, the last one she
simply put in position then let go so the jaws snapped shut on the sensitive
lip.

A low pitiful wail escaped my throat as the jaws sent a searing pain through my
groin area.  I was taking gulps of air, trying desperately to focus away from
the pain.  Then I felt her finger tip rubbing my clit, I couldn't believe it at
first but it felt good.   I entire body relaxed, my head slumped forward as much
as the nose hooks would allow as this women tenderly brought back the wonderful
sensations I'd felt from Sandra's tongue.

My hips pushed forward, my legs strained to open up more for her as a finger
pushed inside my wet open hole searching for that magical spot all women have. 
I was lost in the pleasure she was inducing in me, I could feel another orgasm
building, I was going to cum hard and there was nothing I could or would do to
stop it.

I felt the pleasure, my body arched up within the limited movement the bindings
allowed as a fierce orgasm again controlled my body.  My body seemed suspended
in space as it twitched from the pleasure it had received.  My eyes were closed,
my mind far away so I never felt her touching me until the cloths pin closed
around the area of my clitoris. 

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" the scream tore from my throat as my body violently
convulsed from the scalding pain radiating from what has to be one of the most
sensitive area's of a women's body.  It was as if I had an epileptic fit, I was
no longer in control of my body, spit drooled from my mouth like a mad dog and I
thrashed in my bindings.  Then I emptied my bladder with one colossal gush of
fluid, I couldn't actually believe that I had any shit in me after the cleaning
but I felt something spray out of my well loosened ass accompanied by a loud wet
fart.

I heard great laughter coming from far away, then it was closer, then a powerful
slap across my face threw my head to the side, the bungee cord attached to the
nose hooks pulled it back over to the other side, then my head bobbled on the
end of it like some doll in the rear of a car.  I couldn't focus my eyes but I
could make out several people in front of me fighting.  As my eyesight cleared I
saw what was going on and even in my own pain I smiled.

The well dressed blonde was soaked with my piss, it seems she wasn't as
experienced as the Prince was with the consequences of applying pain.  She had
remained kneeling in front of me enjoying the sight to long, she was covered
from head to toe in my smelly piss.  I think she even got some of my loose shit
on her since it was very loose and I knew I had some on my own thighs.

She had hit me with her hand on the side of my face, it burned from her slap and
my nose now was in considerable pain but I didn't taste any blood.  Slave
Mistress and a man came over and removed the nose hook to examine me for damage. 
The actual pain between my legs didn't seem so bad, what Master Carl had told me
during our sessions was true, if you didn't think about it then it didn't hurt,
well not that bad anyway.  I could even see the slaves hiding behind there hands
laughing at what happened.

I saw Master Carl standing off to the side, his face was covered by his hand but
I could tell he was laughing, even the Prince found it amusing.  The women was
screaming obscenities at me and swearing she'd pay me back. She was finally take
from the room fairly forcefully by the large gentleman I'd seen at the elevator
when the guests arrived.

The man removed the cloths pins from around my face, he checked me over pretty
carefully to make sure I wasn't hurt, he and Slave Mistress seemed very
concerned.  I assumed he was a doctor and he finally announced that I was fit to
continue.  Slave Mistress had two slaves wash off my legs and clean the mess up
off the carpet before we continued.  She whispered to me that I needn't fear
retribution from the women for it was obvious that it was something that was
uncontrollable.

The room calmed down, I was given more water to drink since I'd sweated so
heavily with an accompanying comment that I didn't need any more ammunition,
which of course produced more laughing.  The mood of the room seemed to take on
more of a relaxed atmosphere or at least it seemed to me it did.  I had hoped
that the hated nose hooks would be left out but Slave Mistress dutifully
reinserted them since the doctor said I wasn't injured, then she announced
another segment of the entertainment was to begin.

"Without any more interruptions the next planned event also includes group
participation, of course any member that has already been picked cannot go again
until all the persons present have had an opportunity.  Since this slave is
decorated so nicely it's only right that those decorations be removed.  Of
course a slave that is just hanging still is not much of a target so to add to
everyone's enjoyment we have come up with something a bit different" she
informed the now quite audience.

I was listening to Slave Mistress but by now the pins on my clit and nipples
were starting to hurt again.  She had set the jaws at the base of my clit, not
right on it so I was grateful for that.  The rest of them were uncomfortable but
the area's caught between the jaws had gone mostly numb.  Now I was worried just
how they were going to get them off of me.

A horizontal light bar was placed just off to my left, my wrists were lowered so
I was no longer stretched out and could flex my legs, of course the strap
holding the bungee cord was adjusted so lowering my head was out of the
question.  My legs were spread just another 4 or 5 inches apart which was
uncomfortable but the oddest thing was clear goggles were placed over my eyes.

I couldn't see exactly what was being done between my legs but I was instructed
to raise up on my tip toes, then I felt something touch between my open pussy
lips.  Then I was told to squat down as much as I could which caused the nose
hooks to pull my head back and exert a painful wrenching on my nostrils.   My
shoulders were pushed on to get me just a bit lower then again I felt something
brush against the area between my cunt and asshole.

Instructed to raise up so I was standing flat footed I felt something ice cold
inserted at least 4" inches inside my cunt.  I shivered, tried to pull my legs
together then raised up on my tiptoes to escape this invasion.  The object was
pushed up until 3" was inside me even with me on my toes.  I was straining to
hold up my body to keep from pushing it further inside me when Slave Mistress
told me to squat.

I started to lower myself, flat footed now the ice cold invader pushed deeper
inside me, then as instructed I settled down onto the cold slick object that was
underneath me.  It felt huge going up inside me, stretching my cunt open but it
was smooth and slick so I was able to get all the way inside my cunt, if not for
the cold it actually felt good.  I was told to keep in that position as fingers
were fiddling around between my legs.  Then ordered up again I quickly complied
since the entire length of my vaginal cannel was freezing, it felt as if I was
being burnt.  I knew better then to try to get the last bit out of me but if I
stayed perfectly still on my toes it didn't hurt that badly.

I felt hands pulling my ass cheeks apart, causing me to wince from the stripes
left by the cane, then large hard  and well greased object was inserted inside
me.  It also felt huge as the larger part of the  tapered cone was pushed inside
me but when my well stretched sphincter muscle snapped over the small base it
didn't hurt, it just felt like I needed to take a giant shit.  I flexed my ass
muscles trying to get comfortable with this new invader.

Slave Mistress now explained the next performance to her waiting group.  "What
we have is an icedickal held by a post positioned beneath this property, as you
can see the slave can't lift off of it.  At the base of it is a small lever that
when depressed will set off the small air horn attached to the post.  The light
will tell the slave how fast to fuck, if the horn doesn't sound on the down
stroke, or the slave doesn't keep time to the light" Slave Mistress hesitated in
her speech, then raised a small black box up that had a short antenna sticking
out of it and depressed a button.

I felt an electric shock in my ass, my cheeks clamped tight around the plug, I
jerked up even higher onto my toes squealing from the sensation.  Slave Mistress
looked over to me, smiled then pressed the button again, this time the shock was
much worse, I cried out as the lower half of my body become rigid.  I thought
I'd suck the entire object that had been thrust up my ass into my gut but then
it stopped just as suddenly as it started.  My muscles relaxed so I came down
from my toes only to have the ice dick shoved deep inside my warm cunt.  Again I
was up on my toes without hesitation.

"Bitch squat down until the horn sounds" Slave Mistress informed me, holding the
small box up with her finger on the button, "of course the charge can be made
much higher".

With that warning I squatted down, expanding my vagina along with freezing it at
the same time.  I didn't think I'd ever find the damn switch, finally with my
face pulled almost straight up to the ceiling I felt something pressing the area
between my cunt and asshole, in itself it didn't hurt but I had to exert what
seemed like a lot of pressure on it until I heard the air horn honk loudly.  I
raised up to my toes to escape the cold burning inside the entire length of my
vaginal canal. 

"The contest isn't so much for the slave, but for you the member's of the
Society it does provide a challenge, while the Master this slave failed to
provide an orgasm to with her suck hole will use this on the back" she raised a
whip which had at least a dozen half inch wide leather tails.  "Each selected
member will get three tries at knocking off the pins covering bitch's body. 
This will continue until all but the clit and cunt pins have been removed.  For
removing the pins the member will be provided with this riding crop",   raising
the crop so everyone, including me, could see it.

The crop was about 2' long with a squar leather flap on the end.  At this point
I knew there was no use in worrying about how much pain any of this would
entail.  Right now my calves were cramping up badly, I lowered myself down flat
footed only to stuff the oversized popsicle deep into my now freezing cunt hole. 
The area of my pussy lips touching the ice had gone numb from the cold
constantly against them.  The pins on my cunt lips and clit were starting to
throb again, my only wish was that they'd put some ice on my nipples as so they
would also stop throbbing so badly.  The discomfort from the cunt and clit pins
along with the sensation of my cunt and ass being filled with two hard fake
cocks had me undulating my pelvis up and back obscenely.  It seemed I couldn't
control this pulsing of my lower body much to my embarrassment.

The Master took his whip, smiled at me, removed his coat and took his position
behind me, the first number was drawn, the man took the crop, did a few test
swings then looking at me with great glee took up his position.  Now Slave
Mistress went to the light, said they could begin on the count of five then
turned the light on.

I watched the light move slowly down the bar, then a small shock in my ass to
remind me to start fucking and stop watching.  I moved in time with the light,
the first down stroke didn't honk my horn so I was given a larger shock.  This
made me jerk up quickly, but then the light went to the top then down again, I
tried to keep in cadence with it the best I could.

It wasn't moving to fast so I was able to honk my horn on each down stroke.  The
switch didn't hurt as it pushed against the tender spot between my ass hole and
cunt but I knew that the area would become tender after prolonged contact with
it.  The nose hook pulled my head back with each downward thrust which was
uncomfortable, and the ice dick hurt since it was so cold but at least it was
slick so I wouldn't rub the inside of my cunt raw, just freeze it.

The whip hit my back with considerably force just under my shoulder blades, it
pushed me forward but didn't hurt at all. It made the usual leather hitting
flesh sound but didn't really produce any pain to speak of.  As I fucked myself
in front of everyone my tits swayed in the opposite direction of my movement and
the weight of the pins on my nipples pulled painfully on them.  Each honk of the
horn humiliated me, as even if they weren't watching, which Master Carl didn't
appear to be, they would know I was fucking myself.

The man wielding the crop got greedy, he swung for the nipple pins first and
missed on his first two tries.  He was swinging across my body, but given I was
going up and down this wasn't the smartest way to swing.  She had addressed him
as Mister rather then Master so I assumed he wasn't trained or a member.  Of
course all this thinking was going on as I kept time to the light, honked my
horn and had my back whipped which was now producing a light burning sensation
rather then any significant pain.

Someone in the crowd finally told him to swing up or down not across so he got
one on my stomach.  The pin flew into the air, the spot on my body it had been
attached to felt like a hot spark had landed their but it quickly faded.  The
pain wasn't screaming terrible or anything but it hurt and  with all the pins
covering me I soon realized this was going to be uncomfortable for sure.

The next person was quite successful in getting one off my nipple, which did
hurt really badly, the second was off my arm pit.  When the one on my nipple
flew off it almost hit me in the face, now I knew what the eye protection was
for.  I cried out from the sudden rush of blood to my much abused nipple, then
his first stroke at my arm pit missed so he smacked me hard with the leather end
against the inside of my upper arm.  This left a nice red blotch and stung
making me lose track of the light.

My shit hole imploded from the electric shock as it contracted around the object
inside me, this  stopped my fucking and allowed him a free shot at the last pin. 
A lighter shock started me fucking again, the thud of the heavy cat against my
back was now starting to hurt.  He had worked from my shoulders to the small of
my back then up again.  Each individual stroke didn't hurt but after at least 10
of them my skin started to burn and I could feel my skin start to become damp
from my activities.  The man behind me would hit my ass or thighs occasionally
which were still tender from the cane.  This caused me to cry out, lurch
forward, giving the person with the crop a still target for a moment and of
course I lost my ability to stay with the light so a shock was administered.

All the while my nose was being pulled up grotesquely by the hooks with each
downward stroke which was causing me additional discomfort, my cunt was hurting
from the cold, almost like it was being burnt but it refused to go numb, my tits
flopped about from the increase in the lights tempo, then the switch would jab
me so the horn would honk.  That was my world for what I thought would be the
rest of my life. 

I was sweating a lot  now and my thighs and calves were getting tired from the
squats I was required to make so I could publicly fuck myself.  The end of the
switch was making the area it poked sore but this was manageable.  The crop was
taking a deadly toll on the pins but also on my body.  With each pin snapped
from my body the small area of skin was momentarily afire with pain then it
would fade only to be felt in another part of my body.  Of course not all the
strokes found pins, many of them simply smacked my bobbing tits, making them
swing across my chest and smacking into the opposite boob.  The crop hitting my
tit hurt and I grunted with each stroke they received.  My thighs, both inside
and out were not spared as they too had pins attached, many of the strokes
simply hit me with the thin crop producing a sharp squeal from me along with a
deep red line across my skin.

I saw another man take up a whip and start to go behind me.  This one didn't
have wide tails, but thin ones like boot laces.  I didn't appreciate the wider
tails until the first lash fell across my now well warmed back.  The first
stroke told me this was going to be much worse, the sharp snap of leather
against skin brought fourth a much harsher pain.  I arched forward just as the
crop found my now very tender left breast.  I screeched in pain then felt the
electric shock grip my entire pelvic area, convulsing my now tired muscles and
pushing the butt plug deep inside me while causing my cunt muscles to bear down
on the unyielding cock pushing up inside my cunt.

The whip continued it's journey down from my shoulders, the ends catching the
sides of  my wildly bouncing tits bringing another area of torment to the
forefront of my brain.  They used the crop mercilessly on me, sending pins
flying in all directions.  The whip caught my exposed arm pit and I thrashed
about in my bonds, this new anguish bringing forth cries from my throat.

All the while the remorseless light bar kept up it's tempo of movement, the
large cold ice cock pushing up deep inside me, the horn honking, then the whip
or crop providing another harsh smack of leather against flesh.  The pain
started to mingle together, I couldn't differentiate between the thin pain of
the whip against my back and the less defined pain of the crop.  As the pins
were torn from my skin by the crop the intense sudden pain danced across my
body.

My thighs and calves felt as if they were on fire as I pumped up and down on my
old lover that had been invading my cunt for what seemed an eternity.  The
honking horn seemed to blot out all the sound around me except for the grunting
sounds I  made occasionally when a new spot was found on my body that hadn't
been tormented yet.

Then a warmth started to build between my legs, despite the cold intruder I was
forcing ever more deeply into my cunt I felt the stirring of arousal starting to
take me someplace other then where I was.  My eyes were focused on the light
bar, I could see each person take their position to remove the pins yet I no
longer felt the pain, even when the whip behind me started to work over my
already well abused ass and thighs I wasn't feeling what I knew had to be
intense pain.

I no longer cared that my chest muscles felt as if they were being torn apart by
my flopping tits, all I wanted was for that big cold cock to be deep inside me. 
Forgotten were the pins on my cunt lips and clit, I wanted to be fucked hard,
fast and as deep as possible.  I forced myself to squat down even lower, no
matter that the nose hooks hurt, I had to feel that cock all the way inside me.

I felt it hit my cervix, I felt it stretching me so wonderfully, the
cold/burning from the end buried so deep inside me.  I no longer had my eyes
open, even the electric shock along the entire inside of my now super sensitive
anal tract couldn't keep me from fucking myself as fast and hard as I could.  It
was building up inside me, nothing I'd ever felt was like this before, all my
body wanted was to be fucked fast and deep, the pain in my tired muscles did not
stop me from pumping up and down faster and faster.  My ass and stomach muscles
felt as if they were on fire from the cramping the electric shock's were
causing.

My entire body was bathed in sweat, my skin was so sensitive I could actually
feel the beads of sweat work there way down my body, the salty sweat added to my
torment as it touched what I was sure were massive cuts across my back created
by the cruel thin whip.  I felt the evil thin tails of the whip cut across my
lower stomach, causing me to wrench my body sideways, the nose hooks pulled
against my sore nostrils, the ends of the whip found the tender inside of my
thighs where they met my pussy.

An upward slash of the whip now found the soft underside of my breasts, I reared
back as much as my restraints allowed when a powerful electric shock ripped
through my lower body contracting my muscles.  I pushed down hard so the slick
ice cock could penetrate me fully.  Then my world exploded, the rush of orgasm
totally consumed my entire being as I convulsed wildly even with being
constrained by my bonds, crying out in a voice I'd thought I'd lost.  I didn't
think about all the people watching me, the rush of pleasure started at my
thighs and surged upward through my cunt all the way to my tits. 

"Yes.........Yes..........YES..........ohhhhh god YESSSS" I cried out in
pleasure.

Then I slumped in my bonds, my head only being held up by the fiendish hooks
that had been pushed up my nose, sweat leaked under the goggles stinging my
eyes.  I pushed myself down as fully as I could onto my cold hard lover until my
head was pulled back, my nose pulled painfully out, but I needed to feel it deep
inside me, my tired cunt muscles clenching down hard to hold it tight inside me. 
I no longer felt the cold intense burning of it, just the pleasurable feeling of
being full.  My body was drenched in sweat, my muscles ached, my chest felt as
if I'd had the muscles pulled off my bones from the frenzied dance my tits had
been doing.  The sound of the horn seemed to fade into the background as I lost
touch of were I was.

I felt the cock being pull out of me, my cunt clenched around it trying to hold
it inside me, the wet sucking sould of it being withdrawn sent a flush of shame
thru me.  The arms of the machine moved so my body was brought back, my arms
lowered and my feet started to raise up.  I tried to keep from falling, hands
supported my back and I arched up as their hands touched my sore back,
gratefully the nose hooks were finally removed.  Now the pain was coming back,
my entire back side from my shoulders to my knees felt as if I'd been dragged
across gravel and every muscle in my body ached.  I winced from the pain but my
wrists and ankles were still attached to the posts so I couldn't pull away.

I opened my eyes to see Slave Mistress standing over me, two other slaves were
assisting her in lowering me down so I could lie on something that had been
placed beneath me.  I felt the small of my back start to rest on something
solid, then I was laid back onto an I shaped bench.  The cross bars of the eye
supporting me at the back of my head and small of my back, the length of the eye
running down my spine was 6" wide and supported my body.  I felt relief at not
having to support my weight when I discovered the bench was covered with what I
could only guess was something you would use as a door mat to wipe your feet.

I tried to pull up, to not have my tender skin laid against the prickly material
but my arms were released from the poles, pulled down and securely fastened to
the support strut supporting the bench.  Any movement caused the rough hemp like
surface to gouge at what I was sure was my badly lacerated.  My legs were pulled
up and out forming a huge Y exposing my now open cunt for all to see.  I raised
my head as best I could, the large wooden pin was sticking up from between my
legs like some wooden penis.  Thankfully Slave Mistress gave me cold water to
sooth my thirst, I drank greedily from the bottle trying to regain some strength
for my dehydrated body.

I was coming around to my senses now, able to focus on what was happening around
me.  I felt someone pushing my ass cheeks apart, the hard object that has been
enshrined in my ass was now being twisted around, the entrance to this hole now
clenched down hard on the tapered end not wanting to let it go.  I felt them
pulling it out, the hemp cover on the bench clawed at my tender skin as I
squirmed about trying to get away from whoever was tying to extricate the object
from my unyielding rectum.  I tried to will my ass to relax, but I couldn't get
it to respond, finally with a brutal twist I felt the wide part start to exit
me, I could picture the hole puckering out as it was pulled out with an audible
pop.  The resounding fart that accompanied it's removal was humiliating but
knowing that my ass felt as if was expanded enough for everyone to see deep
inside my guts added another dimension to my debasement.

Slave Mistress continued to administer water until I couldn't hold any more.  It
felt as if my hip joints would separate from being spread so wide, everyone had
gathered around as I lay there trying to get my thoughts back together.  Then I
heard Slave Mistress address the silent audiance.

"The slave has recovered enough so we may continue with tonight's festivities. 
Mistress Danielle has won the honor of removing the pins from this slave's cunt
lips and clit, I'm sure you'll all find it enjoyable to watch".

I tried to look up but was unable to see from my position, then the end of the
bench was raised so I could see the assembled crowd, standing between my out
stretched thighs was a raven haired women in her mid thirties, she was wearing a
brown knit turtle neck sleeveless shell, brown swede mini skirt and leather
boots.   She was fair skinned wearing just a hint of make-up and bright red
lipstick with matching nail polish on her well sculptured nails.  She was quite
attractive with small high breasts, but her smile was not one that would bring
warmth to your heart.  In her hands she toyed with the crop as she looked at me
with a malevolent glint in her eyes.

Her cloths looked very similar to ones I had.  I laid my head back thinking of
them hanging in my closet, that they were in fact expensive and if I'd ever wear
them again.

She stepped forward and grabbed a pin that was fastened to my right cunt lip,
then slowly twisted it, gripping down on the jaws so the numb nerve endings were
awakened.  She pulled on the pin stretching my lips out as she ran the end of
the crop over my stomach.

"Nooooooooooooooo, don't.............don't do that" I cried out as my body
twisted on the prickly covering of the bench.  I tried to pull away from the
pain she was causing but this only increased the torment on my abused back. 
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh.....shit don't........no more.......no moooooooore".

She released the pin only to slash at the inside of my right thigh with a small
whip she was holding in her other hand.  Again I jerked against the bench,
tearing at my sensitive skin, biting my lower lip to keep from crying out again
as the sting from the whip blazed brightly then subsided do a dull pain that
matched most of my other ones.

Mistress Danielle waked up to my face and dangled the whip in front of my eyes
so that I could get a better look at six or eight separate tails each about 10"
long.  "Look at this my sweet little play thing, you'll become increasingly
familiar with it as the night wears on.  You see this is just a wonderful toy,
individual silken strands are tightly braided together and knotted along it's
length to form each individual tail.  The really wonderful thing about this
particular whip is that it stings wonderfully but won't break the skin, I've
tried but no matter how hard it's used it just won't damage even the most
delicate tissue" as she teased me with a sweet innocent voice and a sickly sweet
smile.

She dragged the whip ends across my face, down my neck, across my nipples then
all the way down to my spread crotch.  The ends tickled my skin and raised goose
bumps along its trail.  She was playing with me like a cat with a ball of
string.  Looking into those cold blue eyes I was getting a terrible feeling deep
in my gut that the worst was about to start.

"It's just the perfect thing to use on tits and cunt lips", as she ran the ends
along the inside of my right thigh tickling me, "it can even be used on the
throat and face if your eyes are covered".  With this statement she swished it
across my face and the clear goggles still covering my eyes tickling my face.  I
turned my face to the side and she brushed it across my bare shoulder and neck
sending cold shivers down my spin.

"You see since it leaves no permanent marks and doesn't bruise or break the skin
so it can be used anywhere and for as long as one wishes to".  With that she
slashed me across my right cheek and neck leaving a vivid red mark on what was,
until now, unabused territory. 

The whip carried a vicious sting to it but that quickly faded leaving me with
just the memory of how it felt along with a warm feeling on my skin.  I bit down
hard on my lower lip to keep from crying out or begging for mercy that I knew
wouldn't come.  I knew that this women wasn't here to just get her rocks off,
she was truly a sadist and I had a coppery taste of fear in my mouth.

She brought the whip down across the nipple of my left breast with all her
strength, the pain was like nothing I'd felt so far, it was as if my skin has
been ripped open yet it only left thin red lines across my now bruised tits.

"Ahhhhhheeeeeeeeee....don't........god......" I tried to keep silent and still,
every movement was agony on my back, the tendons on the inside of my thighs felt
as if they were being pulled away from where they attached as I struggled with
each blow on my defenseless body.

"Don't worry my little cunt, we'll have lots of time to get to know each other",
she laid a lash across my exposed stomach, my body jerked within the confines of
my bondage.  Then she causally ran four of  her long sharp nails from my collar
bone, across my right tit and nipple, down my stomach and up the inside of my
thigh.  I became rigid as she scraped deep red lines across my skin.

She circled around me then raked her nails from my left ass cheek down my thigh
and calf all the way to my ankle.  "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh............." I
squawked as her nails tore at my already badly welted ass and thigh, "you'll
scar me...........don't ........".

"Don't worry my sweet little play thing, I know enough not to leave any
permanent marks on your worthless hide.  Now lets see which one to remove
first", she flicked each pin with her finger, the movement of each one brought
back to life the numb nerve endings around the edges of the jaws, all I could do
was whimper softly and hope she would get started.

I was looking up at the ceiling, waiting, trying to control my breathing when
she brought the crop up with a powerful underhand sweep taking the upper pin off
my left cunt lip.  I didn't see where the pin flew, all I felt was the sharp
pain of the jaws being torn from the fragile skin.  Then the pain, blazing hot
and concentrated on that tiny area of my body.  The blood rushed back to the
deadened area that the jaws had held  brining back to life every nerve ending.

"Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." I shrilly squealed like a small pig as my body
wrenched at my tight bindings.  My back was again aflame, tormented by the rough
surface as I tried to pull my legs together as if that would quench the
intensity of what I was feeling at that small part of my body.

My chest was heaving from my breathing, my hips twitched uncontrollable pushing
my cunt up like I was begging for more.  Tears ran freely down my face into my
ears as the on lookers clapped at Mistress Danielle's accuracy.

She was just as accurate and deliberate with the other three pins attached to my
outer lips.  She waited between each one until the bright flash of pain subsided
leaving only a dull throbing.  During the wait she amused herself by brushing
her whip across my skin or sucking one of my nipples then biting down hard until
I thought she'd draw blood.

Then the next one would be removed.  The lower ones were taken off by overhand
slashes so I could see the blow coming, the look on her face was on of pure
ecstasy as she snapped them off one by one.  By the time the forth one had been
removed the entire length of my pussy felt as if it had been singed by a flame. 
The flat leather end of the crop hitting the area gave off the sound of a rubber
band being snapped as it struck the exposed flesh with every stroke so the
entire area was now irritated.

Mistress Danielle walked over to my face and wiped the tears away, leaning down
she whispered into my ear "no my little play thing Mistress has something
special to remove the last one, something she herself had made special just so I
could amuse myself with  whore's like you."  She emphasized her point by taking
my nose and shaking my head back and forth like a small child.  Her face was
close to mine, I could savor the hint of her expensive perfume she was wearing.

"Do you know why your a whore, why I consider you just another toy to be
experimented on" she whispered quietly to me as she knelt near my ear, her lips
lightly brushing against my skin.  "Answer me you filthy slut", her voice no
longer sounded sweet.

"No........no Mistress Danielle this slave doesn't know why you think I'm a
whore" I answered softly trying not to look into her eyes.

Grabbing my chin, digging her nails into my skin she turned my face to her's so
I was staring right into her cold blue eyes.  "Because you want the feeling of a
man's cock buried deep in your twat, you want to see the look in his eyes as he
passes over to where YOUR in charge.  The point when he needs to cum, when he is
no longer the Master but the mastered.  That's why your a whore my dear, but
with me, with women it's different.  There is no point where the Mistress is
mastered, you know that's true, there is no time that you'll ever have that kind
of control over me.   I may wish to fuck a man, but NONE will EVER fuck me. 
That's why your a whore, the only difference is what they have to pay for you"
she spat at me. 

She stood up then held up for me and all to see a short leather strap perhaps 2"
wide and 5" long that tapered at the end so a 6" braided tail was left.  "This
my friends is a rat tailed whip, of course its name is due to the shape" she
told the assembled members and guests.  My eyes were anchored on this new
implement of abuse and what she had just whispered to me.  Like we were to
school girls sharing secrets about boys during a slumber party.  She was a dyke
by any definition, not that anyone would pick her out as one.

My only consolation was that I wasn't alone with her, at least I knew I had some
protection with all the people present.  Again she bent down close to my ear to
impart another secret of her true self.  "Now little princes, wouldn't you
rather belong to me then to Master Carl, he can never offer you what a Mistress
can.  Go ahead I'll call him over so you can tell him you want to belong to me"
she purred softly.

"Please Mistress...........I.......there's no way I could do that.....", I felt
tears again flood my eyes and run down my face.  She wanted me to betray Master
Carl, if she would consider any real mercy I didn't know for sure, but deep down
inside I doubted it.

A wide grin spread across her face, she kissed me, pushing her tongue deep
inside my mouth then as her lips again caressed my ear, "it really doesn't make
that much difference if you publicly choose me over him right now little
princess."

Straightening up but keeping her gaze directly on me "Another time perhaps I'll
give you a chance to make the choice when it really matters.  I assure you
though that your cunt, ass and mouth will have it's fill of cock tonight".

She now continued with her description of her whip,  "I've had it designed so
it's flexible enough to contour to the area struck yet stiff enough to provide
just that tingle of excitement to the area it strikes", she looked down at me
smiling with the whip hanging over my face.  "The tail provides just that added
element of suspense for the slave it's used upon as it sting is sharper and 
lasts longer then the flat leather leaving a wonderful impression on them", with
this remark she laughed haughtily then brought the whip down squarely on my left
nipple.

The sound of leather hitting the soft yielding flesh cracked sharply, the blow
squished my breast flat, the tail snaked across my upper rib cage with a
contrasting crisp bite that provided a loud snap.  My body reacted by twisting
away from the pain, only to abrade my back further.

"See how delightful this little toy is" she asked the amused participants as she
used the whip several more times across my stomach.  Each crack of leather was
accompanied by the snap of the tail and a wail from me.

"Ehhhhhhhhhhhhh.......", crack, snap, "Eeeeeeeeeee".  I tried to will my body to
at least lay still so the additional torture of the rough covering on the bench
would not scour my back further.  I was not all together successful, it seemed
to intensify the pain when I remained still for some unknown reason.

Then Mistress Danielle took her position between my open thighs, she had my legs
raised and widened so I was even more open then before.  I was panting from fear
now, knowing that not only was my pussy open but the cheeks of my ass were
parted so the tail could find a tender new area to kiss.

She toyed with me, snapping the tail across the inside of my thighs, using the
strap across the finger nail marks she'd left and allowing the tail to wrap
itself around my leg.  She even flicked it across the soles of my feet and toes
which elicited the loudest cries from me.  I curled my toes trying to close my
feet in the vain attempt that it would help.  All she did was snap the tail
across the top of my foot which allowed the tail to curl around to bite
painfully into the tender skin with the tip.  I wished I'd gone barefoot more
often so the soles were not as soft as they were.

Finally she stepped between my legs and with a powerful underhand stroke brought
her toy up into my unprotected cunt.  The pin first bit into my numb clit, then
pulled against it until I thought it would never snap off and my clit would be
torn free.  The jaws came free and the pin flew high into the air landing
somewhere across the room.  It seemed to be happening in slow motion, then
suddenly it was real time again.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH............"

The blood curdling scream torn from the depths of my soul must have been heard
by anyone in the huge office building that night.  The tail snapped between my
open cheeks from the base of my spine across my tender open sphincter and the
sore very tender skin between my two well used holes catching just the bottom
cleft of my open cunt, then the entire outside of my pussy felt as if it had
been seared by a branding iron. 

My entire body lifted up off the bench, my shoulders and hip joints were
painfully wrenched as I was engulfed by the agony of the blood rushing back into
my clit.  My ass bounced about as I tried to pull my legs together to protect
what was left of my inflamed pussy.  The only sounds now coming from me were of
an animal mewing in pain.  My whole universe was centered between my legs, the
agony pulsed with each beat of my heart and I wanted to find peace in
unconsciousness but this wasn't allowed by the Society.

Salve Mistress waved a small vile under my nose to keep me awake and aware of
what was going on.  "no.......noooooooo.....let me alone now.........please...",
I implored in a small voice yet she kept the vile there until I was awake then
removed the goggle from my eyes.

"Well look Master Carl's little princes wants to be let alone now, isn't it cute
how her cunt is winking at us" Mistress Danielle declared as she used her nails
to outline what I knew to be my swollen red cunt lips.

I winced at her touch but I could feel she was right, I could feel my cunt and
ass contracting involuntarily from her abuse.

"This slave's cunt must be cold from fucking that ice, we should warm it up some
more before she freezes a member's penis with it."  Mistress Danielle then took
hot oil and poured it over my cunt.  I hadn't realized just how cold the skin
was until the hot oil splashed down on my skin.  I howled out like a dog baying
at the moon as the oil was wiped over my cunt and ass crack.  Mistress Danielle
used her fingers to push it deep inside both my cunt and ass hole.

She continued to finger fuck both holes, her nails scraping along the tender
channels, my hips pushed up with each stroke as I responded to her touch that in
spite of the pain was arousing me again.

I lay there enjoying the sensation when suddenly I was empty again, then a cock
was shoved deep inside my cunt and rammed home until the course pubic hair of
the man mashed against my sore lips and clit.  His long strokes made squishy
sounds from the mixture of oil and secretions each time it entered me.  As he
slammed into me the thrusting caused me to be slide along the bench rubbing my
skin against the coarse material,  along with how sore the outside of my pussy
was it precluded  any sexual arousal.

An older women, perhaps 55 or so with a plump ass climbed onto a bench rest set
near my head so she could rest her knees on either side of my face.  I looked up
at her smiling face as she faced my feet, then taking each sore nipple between
her fingers she pulled my tits up, looked at whom ever was fucking me and asked
if I was tight.

"Yes dear nice and tight still but make her clench down with her cunt, this
slave isn't doing anything to pleasure me".

She then started crushing my nipples between her fingers, pulling hard on my
tits.  Of course my cunt muscles tightened up along with every other one in my
tired body.  "Now lick me dear, make me cum" she calmly remarked.  Then
squatting her fat hairy pussy over my face my tongue went to work pleasuring her
as I assumed her husband fucked me hard and fast.

The buffeting of his thrusts rasped my tender back on the bench but I focused on
keeping my pussy clenched down as he bottomed out in me so this delightful women
I was tonguing wouldn't start abusing my tits again.

As they both used me I could feel the sting of the rat tail whip on various
parts of my body.  Mistress Danielle seemed to enjoy snapping it across the
soles of my feet and between my toes as I was fucked.  Then she switched to her
little silk whip which produced a more vicious sting then the leather.  You
couldn't hear it at all until you felt it bit deeply into your skin sending
needles of torment across your flesh.

They both timed it well, him spurting his cum deep inside me and her leaking her
smelly discharge all over my face and into my mouth at the same time.  I felt
another take his place between my legs thrusting what was a much larger cock
inside my now well lubricated hole.

The unnamed women I'd just pleasured didn't move when it had subsided, she
reached down and pulled her fat pussy lips apart and simply started to pee into
my mouth.  I tried to jerk my head away and closed my mouth as the foul bitter
liquid ran down my face into my ears and hair.  She forcefully grabbed both
breasts in her hands digging her nails deeply into my flesh.

"Your fucking slut, you'll drink my piss just as greedily as you took my
husbands cock up your stinking hole or I'll rip your tits off" she told me in a
voice that dripped with contempt.

I opened my mouth and accepted her strong bitter piss,  gagging on the volume
and taste of it.  She dug her nails deeply into me then dragging her hands
upwards towards my nipples she racked the underside of my breasts.  She grabbed
another handful so she could repeat the process, leaving deep lacerations in the
tender flesh.  I locked my lips around her piss hole so no more of it would leak
out of my mouth and down my face.  Having emptied her bladder into me she calmly
got off and walked away.

My stomach heaved with what I had drank but my current lover was busily fucking
away at my open cunt as several people watched.  Mistress Danielle grabbed my
braid, looked directly down at me smiling evilly as she traced her nail softly
against my piss soaked cheek.

"Don't worry my dear you'll get very use to it", she then flicked her toy's tail
across my nipples and moved aside so another women could mount me.

This one was a slim women in her mid 40's with short red hair and pale skin. 
She was wearing a stylish blouse with tight expensive looking black leather
pants.  She unzipped them and peeled them off showing her thin legs and red cunt
hair.  She mounted the stool positioning herself much like the first women,
facing my feet.

Then she shifted forward so her ass was directly over my face, reached back and
pulled her cheeks wide apart and announced that she had just taken a shit and
needed to be wiped.  I of course didn't need the announcement as her ass was
just inches from my nose.  My senses were assaulted with the pungent odor of her
just used waste chute, I turned my head aside trying not to vomit up what I'd
already swallowed.

The entire length of her crack was lined with red hair that had wet sticky
excrement clinging to them.  The intense stench of her ass was almost more then
I could take and I knew she wasn't lying about just taking a dump as the shit
was still wet. 

"Take this Cindy, I think she'll gladly use her tongue once she's felt this kiss
her twat a few times" I heard Mistress Danielle tell her.

Another twitching cock spewed it's contents into my cunt then pulled out leaving
me empty, I felt the cum slime down out of me and leak down the crack of my ass. 
Then without warning my cunt felt as if I'd had a firebrand shoved into it.  The
soft sound of the blow meant Cindy was using Mistress Danielle's silken whip on
me. 

"Ahhhhhhheeeeeeee........." I cried out, the sound echoing between her spread
thighs.  A second stroke hit on the inside of my left thigh near my cunt.  I
hadn't realized until now that this may have been the only area that didn't hurt
until this very moment.

"You start cleaning me you stinking fucked out whore or I'll whip you until your
so swollen they can't get a pencil inside your fuck hole."  Again the whip came
down, this time on the inside of my right thigh next to my cunt.  She rained
blows down upon both the inside and outside of  my thighs from my knees to where
they joined my body, my stomach and chest weren't spared her wrath either.  Each
blow brought another wave of pain as the knotted thongs bit into my flesh.

My body jerked with each slash which also brought forth further wails from my
now sore throat.  I craned my neck up so I could clean her, her brown hole
puckered out as a wet fart spewed gas and particles of shit on my face.  I
gagged uncontrollable at this new defilement when the machine started pulling my
legs up and back.

My legs were already strecthed straight out, but as they were pulled up and back
they were pulled further apart lifting my lower back partially off the bench
until my ankles were almost even with my shoulders and I thought I'd be torn
apart.  Being flexible my hips weren't pulled from there sockets but my muscles
were being stretched to their limits.  Now my crotch was fully open along with
my ass cheeks being separated fully so my anus was also accessible.  This
position was perfect for what Cindy planned next.  The whip was brought down
directly onto my cunt, the ends finding not only that tender area but also
tearing at my defenseless tender ass hole.  I thrashed about on the bench, my
back now raw meat as I tried to lift up enough to clean her.

"Nooooooooooooooooo, don't.................not
again...........doooooooooooooon't I'll clean you" I wailed but another stroke
was brought down between my legs.

She sat back so I could reach her dirty ass and without any hesitation I buried
my face as deeply as possible into her crack and started licking her shit
stained skin clean.  I shoved my tongue as deep into her hole as I could so she
would know I was really trying my best.  She laid blows across the inside of
each thigh, then placed one again directly on my cunt.  This time my screams of
anguish were muffled by her ass as I licked and sucked her hole with total
abandon swallowing little morsels of shit that remained their.

I didn't slacken my efforts to be the best human toilet paper ever as I felt
hands on my legs then felt a well endowed male push his cock deeply into my ass. 
It took the air out of me as he shoved it in with a great deal of force, but I
continued to suck wet sticky shit out of her hole.  I sucked her hair into my
mouth feeling the tiny hairs against my lips to be sure I didn't leave any
remnants clinging there just in case someone actually inspected my work.

The taste of her could only be described as dirty, my tongue, and I'm sure my
face, was coated with the awful slime but I held down the piss in my churning
stomach while working my tongue along the entire length of her crack.  Finally
she pulled back off me, I started gagging and retching from the taste, my nose
was filled with the smell, if not actual shit along with my tongue being coated
with her waste.

She parted her pussy lips and as I was ass fucked with great gusto she pissed
all over my face and neck.  It ran into my nose and started gagging me, my eyes
burnt from it and my hair was soaked, then she slapped my tits with her hands
ordering me to open my mouth while she finished her toilet duties in my mouth. 
Actually I thought her piss tasted better then the last one and definitely
better then the dirty shit taste left after I cleaned her just used shit hole.

As the current occupant of my well stretched ass chute filled me with his rental
deposit my red haired friend relinquished her seat of honor.  I actually held a
mouthful of her piss so I could swish it around my mouth hoping to rinse the
awful shit taste from my mouth and tongue.  She announced to all that could hear
that she didn't want any shit coated tongue to touch her private area.  If my
mouth hadn't been immediately occupied by a limp dick coated with what I hoped
was slime from my cunt or ass I would have laughed at her phrase "private
parts".

I slurped at the limp member cleaning the coating of what ever was on it when he
too decided that emptying his bladder into my stomach was par for the course
this evening.  As his hot piss burned down my throat he mashed his coarse hairy
pubic area into my face as another cock slithered it's way deep into my bowels. 
As I guzzled his urine I tried to clamp my ass muscles down as the cock bottomed
out in me so at least he would think I was a good fuck.

My thoughts were becoming disjointed, one minute I was worried that a stranger,
one that I couldn't even see, was enjoying his ride.  The next thing I realized
was I was slurping on another cock, my head being pointed the other way, without
remembering when my human drinking fountain had finished. 

The impromptu blow job was finished almost before it started as it burped it's
load of jizz into my mouth.  I gagged as his load filled my mouth, I gobbled it
down my entire mouth felt coated with it's scummy consistency.  I tried to clear
my mouth of as much of it as I could by letting it ooze out between my lips as
it didn't seem anyone was worried about my table manners at this point in time.

My ass was loose enough now that the thrusting cock in me didn't hurt, it
actually felt good, which surprised me.  I heard the resonant sound of my wet
fart as my ass was vacated, then   without much hesitation another prick was
stuffed into my neglected twat.  I closed my eyes and tried to picture what I
must look like down there, I felt as if I had a gallon of wet sticky glue
leaking down over my ass.  I couldn't understand how anyone would want to stick
anything connected to there body into that mess. 

One final deep thrust from my devoted fan told me he was finished with his
excursion in my love tunnel and was depositing the toll.  I thought I was far
past being demeaned any further but the loud pussy fart on his final plunge made
me groan audibly.  Of course his bellowing replay to my lack of etiquette was
even worse then the fart.

"The bitch is still honking her horn isn't she." Which brought another round of
laughter from the esteemed member's of the Society.

I learned later that the males had been primed by using the other slave's mouths
or cunts before queuing up to me.  I was also educated to how the order of entry
was determined and even the portal.  It seems Slave Mistress is in charge of all
these tiny details.  No member was allowed to fuck the ass then a cunt of any
slave without having washed with soap before hand.  Of course a slave could be
required to clean him with her mouth first but proper hygiene was important to
the Society.  After all we were valuable property and infections put us out of
commission. 

As I sucked another rod to completion along with accommodating a sizeable cock
being first thrust inside my cunt for several strokes, then up my ass, I heard
Slave Mistress announce that my rest period was now due, which was accompanied
with moans from those still waiting to test my charms.  Of course I did finish
my vanilla shake, then felt the hot sticky cum from the last tenant deposit his
load onto my anal tract as someone dumped a sizable load onto my stomach..

I breathed a sigh of relief, I was sure that puking up all over a Mistress's
pussy or Master's crotch wouldn't be received with much grace by these people
and I definitely wanted to vomit.  My relief was a bit short lived as I heard
Mistress Danielle tell Slave Mistress that I couldn't be allowed to walk around
leaving a snail trial along my path.  The evil bitch was very good at adding
additional degradation to the situation.

I felt hands scraping the leavings of how ever many men had used me from my
thighs, between my cheeks, and stomach.  Then fingers invaded what could no
longer under the circumstances be considered my private parts.  I could feel the
cum being pushed out of my stretched pussy as three fingers entered me.  Then a
set of fingers pushed into my ass causing me to gasp as I was sore, but also
from the realization that they went in so easily.  In my mind I pictured my once
tight brown hole as a gapping wound between my abused cheeks.  Now what I
couldn't ever have ever conceived of was now going to be offered to me.  

My head was pulled up by my braid by Mistress Danielle who then told the four
slave's that had cleaned the majority of cum from me to feed me.  My head jerked
away but her strong grasp on my chin and her warning stilled any question of not
complying with her wishes.

"You swallow every stinking ounce of that or I'll see to it personally that
before you leave here tonight that the nice black cameraman over there will fist
fuck both your cunt and ass hole".

I hadn't thought about the camera since the ceremony had started.  I looked over
at him, his hands were huge and I had no doubt that Mistress Danielle would
carry out her promise. Without further hesitation I opened my mouth wide and
tilted my head back so they could dribble the cum pooled in their palms into my
mouth.  They tended to smear a lot of it on my face which I learned later was a
slave trick so you didn't have to swallow all of it

Their hands were still coated with the sticky fluid, I was told to I lick up the
thick mucus like white scum like it was vanilla pudding from there hands.  I
really didn't taste it, my taste buds had already been assaulted with piss and
shit so this sticky substance really didn't have any distinctive flavor at all. 
After having licked all the cum from their hands, including sucking each ones
fingers so their nails were clean I was released from the wrist and ankle cuffs.

I rolled off the bench to my knees, I didn't have the energy to even try to
stand up but I knew I really needed to get to the bathroom or I was going to
leave a mess on the carpet.  A slave I hadn't noticed before put my arm around
her shoulder and helped me stand up.

"God I'm going to be sick, I can't help it" I mumbled to her.

"The fuck you are, put your hand over your mouth or what ever you need to do but
make it to the bathroom or the way this parties going Mistress Danielle will
have both of use eating it from the floor.  I don't give a fuck about you but
I'm not planning to have to do it because you don't know when to stop eating". 
Having heard that I looked at her for the first time and she was smiling at me.

I got the joke but I felt my stomach start to heave.  "I can't walk my feet are
sore from being whipped" I told her in a whimper as she tried to get me up and
moving.

"Screw that shit, I can't carry you, walk on the balls of your feet but get
moving" she barked at me.

Getting up on the balls of my feet was actually a great idea, they didn't hurt
as much and we were able to make it to the bathroom with about two seconds to
spare.  I braced myself over the big white bus and puked my guts out for what
seemed like forever.

My mouth was coated with the sticky cum and it hung in strands from my mouth as
I knelt over the toilet.  I flushed down the first discharge then drank without
hesitation the cool water.  No sooner had it gone down then up it came with more
of the piss I'd been forced to drink.  Another flush and I tried rinsing the
foul taste from my mouth as another heave of liquid poured from me.  I couldn't
believe I'd drunken that much piss.

Then the cold water poured over my ass and my body jerked upright.  "Fucking
shit it's cold".

"Just hang over the bowl and stay still, if I don't get you rinsed off before
it's dry I'll have to use a sponge and that's going to hurt a lot worse" my new
friend informed me.

I gripped the bowl tightly as she hosed off the lower part of my body nudging my
knees further apart so she could had better access to me.  Then she gently
rinsed off my distended ass hole which hurt and felt good at the same time.  She
was as gentle as she could be but as she started to rinse off my pussy I groaned
audible.

"Come on squat over the bowl so we don't have as much to clean up" she told me.

I moved forward so my legs were on either side of the toilet and lowered myself
so she could hose me down and douche me.  I braced myself on the wall not
believing I needed a water hose to douche me.  I felt tears rolling down my
cheeks.

She pushed the hose easily into my ass which elicited further groans from me but
once the shock of the cold passed it was soothing.  The water ran down the
inside of my thighs helping to smolder the bite from the whip marks.  She washed
around my inflamed cunt then pushed the hose inside me as softly as she could,
using her fingers to clean out the cum that was still inside of me. 
Surprisingly the inside of me didn't feel as sore as I thought it would after
the repeated usage.  But the outside felt as if I had a terrible sunburn and
hurt even with the cold water.

The cold water on my back almost had me climbing the walls but again after the
initial shock of cold it felt damn good on my skin.  "Thank you........god that
feels sooooooooo good.  Is it, I mean is my skin badly torn" I asked in a shaky
voice almost not wanting to hear the answer.

"Scars, shit no, your scratched all to hell from the bed of thorns bench, that's
what we call it.  The whip's left some nasty marks but the skin isn't torn at
all, just some of the top layer taken off." she laughing informed me.  "It just
seems that way when there working you over, most of them are pretty damn good at
not leaving much more then red lines and a few abrasions."

"I wouldn't think you'd be wearing anything backless for at least a week, maybe
more, and a bra is surely going to be uncomfortable.  The thongs have left some
mean abrasions but they'll scab over and heal up pretty quickly.  Believe me I
know from experience" she informed me knowingly.

I sank down and gingerly let the back's of my thighs rest on the edges of the
cold porcelain bowl then using the upturned seat for support rested my head on
my hands and closed my eyes.  I felt terribly tired, my muscles ached from all
the stretching.  The ring of my ass throbbed from the prolonged usage as did the
muscle at the opening of my vagina, yet the inside of both of them didn't hurt,
they certainly felt used but didn't hurt.  My tits and nipple throbbed and any
movement of them hurt my sore chest muscles.

"Here drink this it will help your throat" my new friend held out a glass of
orange juice and honey to me.

I drank it down, the cool juice and honey mixture felt good sliding down my
throat and helped to kill the taste of what I'd been drinking.  As I sat there I
felt the mixture start to rumble in my stomach then suddenly start back up
again.  Quickly I slipped from my position so I could puke up my just downed
drink.

Flushing the toilet I rinsed my mouth with the water not even thinking about it. 
Yet just a few hours ago the act of washing my face in a toilet bowl shocked me. 
I felt a smile cross my face, I filled my mouth with the cool liquid, swished it
around then spit it out.  After flushing the toilet again I started to wash the
dry cum and piss from my face.

"Here take this" she said offering me a bar of soap.

I took the soap and worked up a nice lather, washing my face and neck then
carefully washing my chest and boobs.  The cool water felt refreshing against my
skin as I rinsed off the soap, I cleaned my new found vanity by flushing it
again and drank deeply of the swirling water.

"Here have another glass you should be able to keep in down now"

I drank the juice again but stayed on my knees just in case I couldn't hold it
down.  My stomach gurgled noisily but I kept it down this time.  Again I sat on
the bowl, my legs agape and rested my head.  Then I looked down between my legs
for the first time focusing on what was once my beautiful pussy.  What I saw
brought anguished cries from me and I started crying uncontrollable sliding off
my perch to my knees.

"Mother of god they've fucking ruined me, my puss............oh god what have I
done......." I cried out miserably.  My once tight slit that hid my charms so
beautifully was now an angry red hole between my legs.  The bright red color
wasn't the worst, it was how ugly it looked.  My nice plump outer lips were
puffed up with dark bruises where the pins had been.  My clit was a livid red
swollen stub of flesh poking out from my red bloated lips.

The most appalling thing was how it gapped open like a chasm, my once nice pink
inner lips that had been concealed by my outer ones now looked like ugly wings
that hung out like some kind of grotesque growth.  Near the top of my gash,
which is what it looked like now, my protruding clit was surrounded by what
looked like a small birds wings.  It looked like nothing I'd ever seen before,
the only thing I could think of was that it was a cunt, because it looked so
ugly now.  Huge tears ran down my face, I covered my eyes with my hands so I
didn't have to look at it and started shaking uncontrollably.

"Hey what the fuck's the matter with you".  I felt the soft towel cover me, she
helped me from the stall and rested my back against the tile wall.  I didn't
even care about how the cold hard tile floor hurt my bruised butt.  All I could
think about was my ruined cunt.

"I'm ruined, they've butchered my beautiful pussy, it's ugly.....it's........oh
god it's just a fucking ugly red gash" I babbled between deep sobs.

"Jesus Christ let me see"

"No.............no don't look, don't fucking touch me" I yelled pulling away and
snapping my knees together tightly wrapping my arms around them.

She grabbed my hair and slapped me hard across the face, the suddenness of it
brought me back to my senses.  I looked up at her, really seeing her for the
first time.  She had the blue collar of a private slave, her short blonde hair
outlined an unremarkable face that was plain but pretty. 

"Now don't go off the deep end, here drink this, want a smoke" she asked as she
offered me coffee and kissed the cheek she'd slapped gently.

"Yes please" I softly replied as I took the coffee.  I sipped it slowly as I
watched her move across to the counter top.  She had removed the white mans
dress shirt the slave's were wearing exposing the body of a runner.  Lean yet
feminine her long tanned legs were firm as was her tight ass, her body was
tanned a golden brown, as she turned I saw she had small firm breasts capped off
with dark brown nipples that pointed outwards and no tan lines, even her pubic
area was tanned.

Lighting a cigarette for both of us she knelt down next to me.  "Now open up and
let me see just what your problem is, come on open your knees wide it's not like
you have any secrets down there anymore" she chuckled.

I spread my knees apart but felt self-conscious exposing myself to her that way. 
I turned my head to the side not wanting her to see the blush I could feel on my
cheeks.  I looked around the bathroom, one I used almost everyday and thought
how strange it looked from my position sitting on the floor. 

"God damn girl blushing now seems to be a waste of good energy.  Now what's all
the damn fuss about, what did you expect your pussy to look like after it's been
whipped and fucked"

Now I felt foolish, like a small child that had been caught doing something
forbidden.  "It's just...........well.........it's always been so nice, I mean,
my pussy.  A nice tight slit with nothing hanging out like some women have"

"What are you some kind of cunt connoisseur or something" she asked as she
laughed at what I had said.

"No it's just........., shit... it doesn't matter anymore" I mumbled then hid my
tearing eyes from her gaze.

"Hey don't start the water works again, you've been doing so damn good out
there.  Even Mistress I love to fist fuck Danielle didn't get this kind of
reaction from you".

"Damn you don't seem to care what you say about the member's do you".

Sitting Indian style next to me she took a long drag on her smoke then replied. 
"Listen to me and learn something nubie.  The slave's rest area is our's, we can
pretty much say and do what we want in here that isn't sexual in nature.  Only
the Slave Mistress or the senior slave, which is me at the moment, have any
power in the rest area.  Member's aren't even allowed in without permission,
it's the one area that once your sent to that you don't have to worry about
being punished except by the slave mistress in charge, understand".

Through the haze of smoke I looked into her hazel eyes wondering just what
they'd seen in her time as a slave.  "Yes........it's just so many things are
new.  How long have you been a slave, by the way what's your name, and thank you
for the help", I answered her.

"I've been one five years now, but only two as a private slave, my husband is a
member".

"Is he here tonight" I asked.

"Yes and I don't know if he's been with you or not, so don't ask.  I met him at
a Society function and it's been a good life.  As for my name, it's 951036 to
nubies like you" she replied smiling at me.

"Sorry I didn't mean to be so personal".

Laughing loudly she kissed my forehead "Don't worry about it, my names Jody.  I
don't usually try to get to know the new ones much until they've at least been
through the first training week.  Generally it doesn't pay since so many of them
just quit during the initial ceremony.  But you seem to be quite the trooper so
I'll make the exception for you".

"A lot quit during the ceremony" I asked incredulously, "I thought you couldn't
do that".

"Sure they can, you beg and scream and the sponsor calls a halt to it.  It
doesn't happen a lot but it does happen.  Most just never show up for the first
training week so you never see them again.  Master Carl did pick pretty well,
that's for sure.  You haven't given Danielle or the Prince the satisfaction of
really begging.  Of course Master Carl would lose face if you did, it would show
he didn't train you properly and that you didn't really feel any loyalty to him
as your sponsor or Master".

"You mean he could stop what's going on when ever he wants"

"He could but it's pretty doubtful that he will so don't get your hopes up. 
Just understand that pretty much everything that went on so far he's agreed to. 
Of course that shtick with the Prince couldn't have been scripted but it was
pretty entertaining" she informed me with a smile.

"Glad you enjoyed it" I answered bitterly.

"Now as for your precious puss, here look at mine it's been through more then
yours so you can see they heal up just fine.  Of course I don't know if you
think I have such a pretty one" she smiled, which lighted up her features making
her much prettier then before.

She squatted on the balls of her feet, her knees wide apart so I could get a
good look at her.  I looked at her tanned pussy, it was a nice one.  Her lips
were smooth and tanned but it didn't look any the worse for wear given that
she'd been a slave for so long.

"Well does it measure up to your standards princess" she asked with mock anger.

"It's very pretty............I mean it looks normal.............not like mine" I
said looking away, embarrassed at how easily she exposed herself to me.

"Damn princess are you going to blush every time you see something".  She
laughed again, sat back down and snubbed out her cigarette.

A knock at the door startled me. 

"Come in" Jody called out.

In stepped the Doctor that I'd been sent to for my physical, Jody assumed
position 2 and greeted him.  "Good evening Sir", I struggled to get to position
2 when he stopped me.

"Don't worry about that princess I'm here to see how you are".

"Yes Sir, thank you Sir" I replied deciding that princess must be my new name
for them.

"Just stand up and put one foot on the counter top so I can see if your OK" he
informed me.

Dropping the towel I got up on shaky legs as Jody helped steady me.  I got my
foot up to the counter top which opened me up, I winced from the pull on my
already strained inner thigh muscles.  He snapped on a pair of rubber gloves and
knelt down between my legs with a small pen light.

"Is that really necessary given the circumstances Doctor" I asked looking at the
gloves.

"Actually it's just a professional habit, I'm here as a professional, not a
pervert" he replied laughing as he applied a dab of lubricant onto his gloved
finger.  "Now just let me see how you are Patricia".

I closed my eyes, pleased he'd used my name,  as he gently prodded around my
inflamed lips.  Then he proceeded to inspect me very carefully.  Then having me
bend forward he did the same to my VERY tender ass hole.  I heard the gloves
come off, then he looked over my back, ass and thighs.

"Ok go and sit down no tearing or anything damaged beyond what will heal in a
few days.  Do you know how to strengthen your vaginal muscles Patricia" he
asked.

Sitting back down and lighting another cigarette I answered him, "yes Doctor I
was taught at a very young age the proper way to do Kegel exercises".

"Yes of course you'd have been taught that, sorry.  Well remember to also pay
attention to your ass since it gets used quite a bit by member's.  It can get
loose if you don't, Jody will show you if you need, OK".

"Yes Doctor thank you".

"Ok you have another 20 minutes or so before your due back, don't bother with
her arousal ritual, but of course YOU must have it" he informed Jody with a
wink, then he left the room.

"Forgot to tell you that the Doctor always has access to the slave's rest area. 
We have several that belong and he's really a very good doctor.  Nice guy too, I
guess your off the hook for any more fucking tonight".

"How do you know".

"No arousal means you don't have to be wet when you go back, guess the doc
thinks you've had enough.  His words that law but who knows what else they'll
think up to replace it".

"Great, just fucking great.  I'm not actually sore inside".

"Just wait until you wake up in the morning" she replied with a smile.

We sat and drank coffee, smoked and made small talk while I rested.  We could
hear the smack of leather and the cries that accompanied them occasionally but
mostly it was quite.  Jody finally stood up resting her ass against the counter
top with her legs spread out.

"Come on, he did say I got MY arousal" she said with a broad smile as she
stroked her pussy.

I knelt before her, kissing her pussy gently, then parting her lips I softly
sucked on her clit.  Then my tongue moved deep inside her, tasting the sweetness
of her arousal.  She did have a beautiful pussy and I enjoyed tonguing it and
her ass for the required arousal period.

Jody did have me go through a rigorous stretching routine.  She informed me that
even if I was no longer going to be fucked I would need my muscles well
stretched and warmed up before I went back.

I had stiffened up considerable, the leg stretches were painful to my tired
muscles.  She made sure I could do a complete leg split, having me lay on my
back she made sure I could get my feet all the way back to my shoulders by
hooking my arms under my knees.  My pussy and rectum were starting to feel the
effects of all the cocks, Jody was right, by morning I would feel raw inside.

As I re-applied my makeup I focused for the first time on my throbbing breasts. 
I could barely keep the tears back, my once soft white god given breasts were
covered with dark red lines, the women's nails had left ragged lacerations on
them.  Ugly bluish black bruises were developing that matched the ugly ones left
by the evil clamps.  In gods name I couldn't figure out why in hell I'd agreed
to this.




THE CEREMONY - FINAL ACT

Slave Mistress Joyce led me back to the conference room, at least I was allowed
to walk saving wear and tear on my chaffed knees and shins.  Of course I was
walking slightly bow legged since my twat was sore, every step seemed to bring
fourth another twinge of pain from both abused holes.

Taken to Master Troy's portable rack my wrist cuffs were attached to each end of
a wide bar that had been attached to the center of one raised arm of the
machine.  I found I could wrap my hands around the soft rubber handles covering
the end of the bar.  I noticed that the crowd had thinned out from before,
except for slaves and Mistress Danielle there were no longer any women around 
perhaps 15 members were still present.  Of course Master Carl was still there,
seated facing me about 20' away.

Next my ankle cuffs were attached to separate arms, they were raised so I was
effectively hanging by my wrists, legs outstretched at 45 degrees.  By holding
onto the bar I could alleviate some of the strain on my shoulders.

I was lowered until, thankfully, my ass was resting on the floor which had been
covered by a large plastic sheet.  I instinctively knew the plastic covering the
carpet meant I'd be in for more "water sports".  I sat passively, legs splayed
apart so my red abused pussy was on display.  Mistress Danielle stepped forward,
my heart was pounding in my chest as I looked at the ominous black whip she had
coiled in her hands.

"Now before we continue this well fucked piece of meat needs to pay for all the
nice videos that have been taken, John if you please" motioning to the black
cameraman.

"Well thank you Mistress Danielle, don't mind if I do".  With that he camera
duties were turned over to a member standing nearby.

John straddled me, then pulled down his pants displaying his well endowed
manhood.  He had a long thick black un-circumcised cock that he stroked slowly
bringing it to its full length.

"Now then miss pretty accountant you just open that sweet mouth of yours and
show big John just how good you be at sucking cock".

The bar with my wrists attached to it was raised so my mouth was even with his
erection.  The strain on my shoulders increased but I dutifully opened my sore
jaws to pleasure him.  My tongue danced around the bulbous head, then I slowly
took it into my mouth letting my soft lips close just behind it.  I started
sucking him softly, he was at least gently, easing his large cock into my mouth. 
The long black shaft disappeared into my mouth seating itself in my throat.

His large hands caressed his shaft as my spit lubricated it.  Every so slowly he
kept moving it in and out until my face was buried in his course pubic hair.  He
fucked my mouth with his long tool, my lips expand around it's girth gripping it
tightly with my silken lips.  I heard gasps from the assembled members as I took
his member deep into my throat.

"I was looking forward to her pussy or ass but damn, her mouth is as soft as
velvet" he exclaimed with glee.

I felt a sudden flush of pride that I could take his large cock fully into my
mouth and throat.  His reference to me as "her" made me feel like a women again,
not some nameless fuck object.  His cock felt good in my mouth, I moved my head
up and back making lurid sucking sounds as I pleasured him.  My thoughts were to
show Master Carl, and every one else, just what a well trained mouth could do.

It was as if I was with Laura again, pleasing one of her well healed customers
with my teenage mouth.  It's actually quite difficult to get a man to cum in
your mouth just by sucking him, but I was going to do my best to show that ass
hole that who paid for the privilege just what he missed.  Again my pride got
ahead of my good sense.

With his penis lodged deeply in my throat I started purring just as Laura had
taught me.  He picked up some speed in his humping but always kept it buried
deep in my throat momentarily so he could savor the vibrations.

After ten minutes of this, and the skillful application of my tongue, he
stiffened, then his cock spat out the contents of his testicles deep into my
gullet.  His warm thick fluid filled my throat, I swallowed his first discharge
without losing a drop.  As my throat constricted so the cum could find its way
to my stomach his balls pulsed again sending a larger stream of his seed into my
mouth.  He moaned audibly then his cock withered and he let it fall from my
mouth as he stepped back on wobbly legs.

"Damn holy shit that sthe best blow job I've ever had, bar none" he exclaimed
loudly.

I opened my mouth reveling the thick white glob of cum I still held there so
everyone could see his leavings coating my tongue.  I swished my tongue around
my mouth spreading the sticky spunk around, then pushed my tongue out so I could
lick my lips in the most lavish manner possible.  Then with my mouth still open
I pushed the cum back into my waiting throat and swallowed it down to join the
first load.  Smiling at him with a sly grin, "thank YOU Sir" I answered in my
most sultry voice.

I was lost in my own stupid fantasy, again forgetting who and where I was. 
There was a thunderous applause from the men in the room, whistles and cheers
went up and even Master Carl was standing up clapping to congratulate me on my
display of oral skill.  Everyone except Mistress Danielle, when I looked at her
she had a cold fury in her eyes that let me know I'd made a big mistake.  I
think I was supposed to be humiliated by publicly sucking a black man, but given
the nights festivities I don't know why.

"Enough of this shit, she IS nothing but a fucking PROSTITUTE".  Her voice held
more then anger, it dripped with pure hatred.  Her tone made my skin crawl,
several members whispered among thenselves and even my quick glance at Master
Carl showed his concern with her tone of voice.

"Hoist the slave up, the Prince and I have a bet to settle" she shouted at Slave
Mistress.

Slave Mistress gave a sideways glance at Mater Carl, his slight nod was all that
was required for me to be hauled up to a standing position.  The arms connected
to my feet pulled apart until there was a good deal of tension on the inside of
my thighs.  The arm holding my wrists was raised until just the balls of my feet
were touching the floor.  My arms and legs extended as far as the machine would
pull them.  My stomach was now concave, my ribs showed through the taut flesh
covering them and my breasts were flattened out against my chest.  My breathing
was shallow as I tried to adjust myself in the uncomfortable position.

"Now we shall see which one leaves the best marking, my synthetic one or your
leather one Prince" Mistress Danielle exclaimed.

"Of course Danielle, shall we say $100 per lash, $1,000 maximum" the Prince
answered softly as he looked over his target.

I had no idea what the bet was but I knew it wasn't going to be any good for me. 
I pulled at my restraints.  Again the coppery flavor of fear was in my mouth.  I
watched them closely wishing I was somewhere else, hoping Master Carl would call
a halt to this before it began.

"Call it" was all Mistress Danielle said.

"Left lower rib" was the Princes answer.

Mistress Danielle flicked her wrist uncoiling the long deadly whip.  The whip
arched back through the air, then forward landing with a deadly crack about an
inch above my lower left rib.  My first reaction was to grasp the hand holds and
pull up with all my strength.  Then my toes curled painfully into the carpet, I
sucked air into my lungs until I thought they'd burst.  Then I heard the most
god awful scream bounce off the walls.  It took a full minute until I realized
it was me screaming.  The pain was so concentrated where the whip had struck it
didn't even register fully on my brain. 

"Right lower rib" Mistress Danielle called out.

I couldn't catch my breath but I saw the Princes arm flash for an instant, then
his whip struck just above that area.  This time there was no question in my
mind as to who was screaming.  The searing pain burned right through me to the
other side of my body to meet the ember of fire left by the first stroke.  I
thrashed about violently even through I was strung up tight as a bow string,
then my body went limp and my chin was resting on my chest.  My body felt wet
and I was panting, drool leaked from my lips as I tried to catch my breath.

Slave Mistress looked over the two livid red welts the whips had left.  Her
fingers touched them, I flinched at her touch as it felt as if she scraped
sandpaper over my skin.  "First bet to the Prince: she announced.  Then she gave
me a long drink of water before she left me alone to face the two butchers.

"Call it" the Prince announced.

"Center inside of left thigh" was Mistress Danielle's reply.

Again his arm flashed back, then forward.  The brown whip snaked through the air
towards me, it seemed forever watching the whip come forward.  Then the deadly
crack as it snapped against my flesh.  The blinding pain on the inside of my
thigh, the hideous scream emanating from my lips filled the room.  Everyone was
watching, even the slaves had stopped serving to watch the duo torment me.

My head whipped back then lolled forward to rest on my chest again, I wasn't
unconscious but I knew that shock was a serious possibility as my whole body
twitched involuntarily.  I could see the brilliant scarlet welt left by the whip
on my skin.  I couldn't believe that anything that hurt so badly didn't cut me
through to the bone.

"Call it" Mistress Danielle decreed.

"Straight across the belly button" was the answer.

I raised my head to see Mistress Danielle move more to the side, then with a
wide sweeping movement sent the whip on its flight.  I barely had time to cry
out "noooooooooooooooo" as it cut across my exposed stomach.  If she'd slashed
me open with a dull butcher knife it couldn't have been worse.

The scorching pain that followed the crack of the whip across my defenseless
belly felt as if I'd been torn open, I half expected to see my guts fall out of
me.  I pulled up with all my strength on the bar, this time the sound pulled
from me was a long high howl of a wounded animal.

Again I went limp, the ground swirled before my eyes, then it was all blackness. 
The strong smell from the bottle caused me to jerk my head up and away, but my
eyes still couldn't focus properly.  I was aware of Master Carl starting to
stand from his chair, but Slave Mistress's quick look at him kept him half
standing there gripping the arms of his seat.

"The bet is even" she announced after inspecting each target area.  Then she
leaned closer to me, pressing her lips to my ear as she held my face in her
hands.  "Listen to me little one, focus, remember what your Master has taught
you, FOCUS", then she kissed me softly on the lips and moved away.

Master Carl had spent considerable time trying to teach me an almost Zen style
of self denial to pain.  Of course I'd never been subjected to anything coming
close to what was being done now but earlier in the evening it had worked.  I
took as deep a breath as possible, looked at my two tormentors then closed my
eyes and tried to focus on a spot deep inside my stomach.

"Call it", it was the Princes' voice but it sounded far off to me.

Mistress Danielle's answer was "outside center of left thigh".

I opened my eyes but kept my concentration at the pit of my stomach.  The whip
snaked forward and slashed against it's target, the whip left a vertical 3/4"
wide ribbon of red pain that ran from my hip to my knee on the outside of my
leg, the whip end kissing my left buttocks for emphases.  My body twisted right
but I managed to stifle my scream, taking short shallow breaths like you would
during child birth then I slumped in my bonds, letting out a squealing noise
like a small pig.  I looked down at my thigh, it pulsed with pain but I'd
managed to at least not scream my head off.

The next target was called out by the Prince, "left side fourth rib down".

Mistress Danielle's arm came forward, the whip cut through the air towards me,
my eyes locked with her's as it cut into my left side no more then an 1/8th of
an inch from the target.  Again my body twisted, my head flew back, my neck and
shoulder muscles stood out prominently as I clenched my jaw tight and tried to
keep my concentration at the pit of my stomach.  My head fell forward and I
sucked in as much air as I could trying to keep my scream inside chest.  I was
panting  heavily and sweated soaked my body but this time I didn't even squeal. 

"Bet to Mistress Danielle" Slave Mistress announced.

"Across the word bitch, directly in the center" the Prince casually announced
the next target.

The whip cut directly across my marking, my pelvis pushed forward as the pain
washed over me, my back arched like a bow but I was able to keep from howling
like a banshie.  I cried out but it was a low mournful  wail then anything else. 
I shook my head to regain my senses, salty sweat burned my eyes yet I was still
able to control myself.  When I heard the next target called out by Mistress
Danielle I clenched my eyes shut in horror.

"Cunt, dead center" she answered in a cold lifeless tone..

"Not a valid target, contest default to the Prince" announced Slave Mistress.

"What do you mean not a valid target" Mistress Danielle cried out in anger.

Slave Mistress Joyce stood with her head bowed but her voice showed she was in
charge.  "Mistress Danielle with all due respect to you the Society rules do not
allow the single tale whip to be used on a slave's sex, even though you and the
Prince are experts the Board has ruled on this matter".

When the target was announced I'd moaned "no" softly under my breath then
clenched my hands and toes for the abuse trying to focus on Master Carl had
taught me.  As I heard the brief exchange between them I slumped in my bondage
letting my chin rest on my chest, great full for the reprieve.

Slave Mistress approached my limp body, gave me a quick inspection then holding
my face in her hands kissed me tenderly on the lips, letting her kiss linger for
a moment.

"What........what's happening " I stammered.

"Nothing my child, the contest is finished" she told me tenderly then provided
me with as much cool water as I wished to drink.

"Slave Mistress your getting to be an old woman" Mistress Danielle fumed,
throwing her whip do the ground.

The Prince approached me, lifting my chin with his fingers so he could look into
my eyes.  His face didn't betray any emotion as his fingers traced down my neck,
my chest and across the raw whip marks.  I moaned as his fingers moved across my
skin, his fingers lingered at the top of my slit, then slid them down over the
battered area causing me to whimper slightly.

"No matter Danielle, besides it would be a shame to damage such a nice slave",
handing his whip to his slave he walked away.

"Where are you going" Mistress Danielle called out to three members who were
leaving the room.

"To use the bathroom" one of them answered.

"Bullshit", she called out, "we have a toilet right here".

Mistress Danielle ordered me lowered so my ass was resting on the ground but my
ankles held aloft, legs still spread wide displaying my well used charms.  My
butt was sore but it was better then hanging from my shoulders.

Mistress Danielle yanked my braid back, jerking my mouth open.  "Use this" she
told the trio of gentleman.

Without hesitation the three of them unzipped their pants and commenced to
relieve themselves.  Two streams of hot piss found my gaping mouth filling it
with their rancid discharge.  Of course Mistress Danielle had stepped aside
before they started but I kept my mouth open wide, head tilted slightly back and
gulped down as much as I could. 

Even though I gave them a yawning target they sprayed it across my face, it
burnt my eyes, wet my hair and ran down across my tits and stomach.  As it ran
across my skin it stung as it ran across the many abrasions and scratches that
now marked my body.

The ultimate humiliation was the third man as he pissed directly into my yawning
cunt.  The acidic piss burned as it hit my abused pussy, I whined pitifully at
what I felt was the final act of desecration to my body and soul.  I looked down
to see my hole filled with his waste, it pooled in my open hole, then ran down
between my cheeks puddling around me.  I let my head fall back not wanting to
watch what I hoped was the end to my initiation.  This lone act was enough to
make me realize I was in fact just property, a slave to be used by the member's
for their enjoyment.

I cried bitterly as the final spurts fell one me.  I'd been displayed, fucked in
every hole by whom ever wanted me, beaten, whipped and made to lick shit off
some one's ass.  Even drinking piss didn't make me feel as low as having my
pussy turned into a urinal.

Suddenly I was hoisted up so I was again sitting in the air.  Mistress Danielle
was again near me, whispering her secret desire into my ear.  "Now princess
wouldn't you like to tell Master Carl that you want to be my private slave" her
sickly sweet voice asked me.

Even as low as I felt at that moment I couldn't conceive of deserting MY Master. 
"No.........please don't ask me to do that..........don't ..........please" I
whispered hoarsely.

"Well then little princess let's clean you up for him before you go home" she
whispered back to me.

Home, HOME, wonderful home, it sounded like I'd just been given the keys to the
kingdom.  I didn't realize that before I was released I'd have to suffer yet
again at her hands.  Mistress Danielle had a bucket brought over.  Through heavy
eyes I could see people starting to leave, slaves cleaning up glasses and
dishes, it was almost over.

She picked up a sponge, a bright yellow one.  Smiling she said "I'll just wash
off that nasty pee".  Then she let the sponge pass close to my noise.  There was
a sharp smell to it, one that brought me back to my senses, it was alcohol.

She bathed my left tit first, the cool liquid engulfed my breast in the most
hideous pain I could imagine.  Even the pain of the whip subsided after a few
minutes.  But this, it just continued it's fiendish burning pain without
stopping.

"Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" I cried out as the alcohol came into contact with the
open cuts to my skin.  As the thin trails of liquid agony ran down my chest it
burned a bright trail of misery along its path.  She soaked my other breast,
again the harsh burning engulfed my entire breast.  The alcohol ran down the
four deep furrows her nails had left on me earlier.  Each bright red line now
felt like a searing river of fire as the caustic fluid ignited new misery for
me.

"Noooooooooooooooooooooo" I cried out pitifully as she bathed my abraided flesh
with the terrible solution.

She squeezed the sponge so rivulets of ran down the cuts and lacerations on my
back.  I could feel the burning trail it left as it ran down over me.  I twisted
around in a feeble effort trying to keep it from flowing down further across my
skin.  I was hyperventilating, I couldn't catch my breaths as she tortured me
with her barbaric bath.  The room was silent except for my plaintiff crises of
pain, yet the worst was yet to come.

I raised my tear reddened eyes to see her standing in front of me smiling and
holding the bright yellow sponge that held so much pain for me.  "One more thing
to clean princess before we're done" she smugly announced.

Wetting the sponge again she knelt between my outstretched legs.  I looked down
at my cherry red cunt and realized what she was proposing to clean next. 
"No.......NO......don't fucking do it" I cried out in dispare.  Even if my
snatch hadn't been whipped and fucked raw the alcohol would scorch the tender
membrane of my vagina.  In their present condition it would be pure agony.

She knelt close to me so again she could share her intimate thoughts with me. 
"Ask to wear the blue collar of my private slave bitch or I'll soak your cunt"
she purred into my ear.

My first impulse was to agree so I would be saved from this deviate.  I raised
my head, seeing Master Carl standing near by watching the scene unfold.  What
degenerate game these two had going on was a mystery to me.  Deep in my heart I
knew I couldn't betray him.

Something Slave Mistress had said to me kept bouncing around in my thoughts,
what was it.  Something about Master Carl being important in the Society
hierarchy.  "Well what is your answer you fucked out piece of white trash" she
asked quietly.

I screamed out as loud as my tortured throat would allow.  "FUCK YOU BITCH".

With that final act of defiance she covered my abused crotch with the sponge,
squeezing it tight, soaking the already inflamed area and forcing some if it up
inside me, plunging me into the depths of hell.  She might as well have put an
open flame between my legs.  I didn't think I had the strength left, but I
chinned myself on the bar as the alcohol penetrated the delicate abused porous
tissue.

My scream of agony stopped all activity in the room.  Even in my state of
extreme torment I saw Jody blanch as the sponge was worked up into the gapping
wound I once called my vagina.  The strength of my upper body finally failed me,
I hung limply from the bar from the wrist cuffs, my shoulders supporting all my
weight.  The fire between my legs would not subside until the awful substance
evaporated or was washed away.

Though I was not conscious of it Mistress Danielle stood, tossed the sponge
aside and strode over to Master Carl.  "You have won round one, we shall see if
you continue to be so lucky", with that comment she left the ceremony.

I wasn't fully aware of being released, my body was persecuted with the fiery
anguish of my bath.  My first clear recollection was of being in the elevator,
nude except for a poncho covering me.  Sandra and Mimi were holding me up as we
rode downward.  "What's going on.......is it rest time" I asked.

"We're taking you home, it's over now" Sandra assured me in a tender voice.

I remember being walked from the elevator across the rough concrete floor of the
underground parking garage to my car.   Being placed in my Corvette, a short
exchange between Sandra and Mimi over who would get to drive my car.  Then as I
curled into a ball on the soft leather seats I was driven the short distance to
my condo.  Home, safe, alive, no more members to abuse me, they got me into my
condo with no instructions from me as to where I lived.

"Come on Patricia we've got to get you cleaned up" Sandra encouraged me once we
were inside my condo.

"God this place is great" exclaimed Mimi.

"You can admire her place later, help me get her to the shower" Sandra replied
sharply.

"Drink.........please" I croaked.

"Ok here's some water, drink it down, but we have to rinse you off" Sandra said
leading me to the bathroom.

The shower water was cold on my hot skin.  "No more cold water" I sputtered as
the water washed over me rinsing off what was left of the alcohol that was still
burning my skin.

Sandra and Mimi were both naked now in the shower with me.  I could still see
red stripes across Mimi's back, even Sandra had several well defined stripes
across her plump ass.  "It's not cold just not hot, believe me you don't want a
hot shower right now.  Brace yourself against the wall so we can wash you.  It's
going to sting but we have to get you washed off" Sandra told me as she placed
my hands high up on the wall.

They undid my hair and while Mimi worked up a good lather with the shampoo
Sandra proceeded to use her hands to soap me up with green antiseptic liquid
soap.  "Shit it burns" I wailed as I slapped her hands away from me so I could
rinse off. 

The hard slap across my cheek caused me to slip on the wet tile, only Mimi's
firm grip on my hair kept me from falling.  I slid down the wall, curling up
into a ball as the water pelted me.  "Just fucking leave me alone........LEAVE
ME ALONE" I shouted.

Sandra knelt next to me, her wet loose hair plastered against her head.  Pulling
my hands away from my face she kissed me softly on the lips.  "Patricia listen
to me, come on LISTEN.  We've got to get you washed so you don't get infected. 
I know it stings just let us take care of you.  Once we're done washing I've got
cream that will help with the pain.  OK" her sweet voice assured me.

Looking into her eyes I could see she wanted to help me.  "OK, I'm sorry
please...." my voice trailed off as I started to cry again.  They both soaped me
up with the strong soap, it still stung but I gritted my teeth as the worked
over my mistreated body.

When they washed between my legs and cheeks I started whining as it stung my
sensitive skin.  It took almost all my will power to keep from screaming at them
to stop.  I gripped the shower head with all my strength as I stood there being
washed and rinsed off.  When they started to douche me I almost screamed for
them to stop but I wanted the piss washed out of me.

Finally I was clean, they patted me dry as I sat dazed on the closed toilet. 
"OK now just one more thing Patricia then we're done" Sandra assured me.  "Can
you stand up for a few minutes more".

"Sure why not is it time to push pins under my nails" I asked wearily.

"Well at least you still have a sense of humor 002986" Sandra answered back,
then she kissed me gently on the lips.

Again I was leaning against the wall, the same position I started in with Slave
Mistress.  When I heard them snap on rubber gloves my heart sank, I was home but
my mind still wasn't sure I was safe.  "Don't hurt me please....I'll make you
cum, really I'll lick your pussies and ass holes so good if you don't hurt me" I
pleaded with them in a soft voice.

Sandra whispered to me softly "Patricia don't be silly, we're not going to hurt
you.  This cream is an antiseptic mixed with a topical pain killer.  If we don't
wear gloves out hands go numb".

"Sorry" I whispered, I didn't have any tears to show my shame for doubting they
were trying to help me.  The cream felt cool on my skin, the throbbing seemed to
leave my body as they applied it liberally over me.

They finally covered my nudity with my soft terri cloth robe, then as I sat on a
chair they conditioned my hair, combed it out then wrapped it in a towel.  I
walked shakily to the couch in the living room and asked them to make me a
strong drink.  Then as I rested and smoked they showered and come out wrapped in
towels.

It seemed surreal, the three of use sitting in my front room all freshly
scrubbed like little kids after play time.  The only reminder of what we had
been playing at was the three leather collars laying on the table.

"Aren't we suppose to be wearing them" I asked.


No we're on rest time for a minimum of 24 hours after a gathering or service"
Mimi informed me not appearing the worst for wear after having been sodomized
for the first time not long ago.

"That's generous of them" I answered in a sarcastic voice, even with the cream
my muscles were still sore and both holes now felt like the'd been reamed out
with bristle brushes.

"We'll call Master Carl when you wake up tomorrow, but I'd guess you'll be on
rest period for several weeks.  That is unless you quit".  Sandra said between
sips of wine.

Finally I was ready for bed, I slipped off my robe, climbed between my soft
sheets and rested my head on the pillow.  Sandra slipped into the other side, I
wished I felt better, I'd love to feel her close to me, to taste her, with that
thought I drifted off to sleep.




THEN NEXT DAY

Now we're back to where we started, I smell the fresh coffee being made.  Sandra
and Mimi are up but I'm so stiff I don't think I can get up unassisted.  They
serve me in bed, tending to me like a sick child feeding me oatmeal and juice. 
Both of them are wearing their collars again, mine is sitting on the night stand
along with a thin black case that holds my public collar.

"Come on yo need to get up and shower, Master Carl will be calling you in an
hour" Sandra informs me.

With help I get stiffly out of bed,  I see Mimi still shows sighs of being
whipped but with the exception of a few small bruises on her butt Sandra looks
good as new now.  I dread looking at my body but can't put it off any longer. 
My beautiful breasts have multiple purple and yellow dark splotches from the
crop along with several pink lines for the cane I suppose.  The brutal clips and
leather snares have left almost black reminders of being on me.  My nipples are
still red and inflamed from pins used on them.

There are several contusions where the whip was used, the one on my thigh is
still red and snakes up to my hip bone.  The worst ones are across my stomach
and the inside of my thigh.  These are bluish in color and still tender.  I
don't want to see what my cunt looks like but I know that I have to see how much
damage has been done to it.  I have to walk to the bathroom bow legged as I'm so
sore, Jody was right it was worse then yesterday.

Resting my foot on the toilet I again gingerly touch my pussy lips.  There still
red from the whipping along with being extremely tender.  The jaws of the pins
used on my cunt lips have left dark inflamed keepsakes of there use.  My outer
lips are so swelled up I have trouble parting them, well at least my inner lips
don't hang out like yesterday.

The upper inside of my thighs are black and blue from my previous nights lovers. 
The crop has left nasty bluish red contusions along with several red welts.  Of
course my rectum feels like it's been stretched several ways from Sunday and it
feels like my anus is protruding several inches outside where it's supposed to
be.  Bending is difficult but I finally get a look at it in the mirror.  I feel
tears well up as I see the ugly distended hole that once was a tight brown star.

My ass looks as bad as it feels with angry raised red welts across it that were
left by the cane the Prince wielded against it.  The deep purple bruises left by
the heavy cane are the source of pain on the backs of my thighs and calves.  The
bastard was right,   they'll remind me of him for some time to come.  Long
dresses or dark hose will be needed for several weeks.  Just the thought of
putting something tight against my skin makes me wince.

I save my back for last, it's harder to see but with the mirror on the door
positioned just right I can see it reflected in the bathroom mirror.  Jody was
right again, I definitely won't be wearing anything backless for several weeks. 
My back isn't bruised so much but several welts crisscrossing over the white
skin.  Thin red abrasions weave a pattern from my shoulders to the small of my
back.  Wearing a bra isn't going to be something I want to experience in the
near future.

I gingerly sit to urinate, it burns as it seeps along my battered lips before it
drips into the bowl, My cunt is so swollen I don't want to touch them so I can't
wipe myself,  I'll just wash it in the shower instead of wiping.  A watery
stream of shit finally burns it way along my irritated anal tract that has
swollen tight now, until I have to force it out past my distended sphincter.  No
way am I eating anything solid for the next week, I wonder just how long I'll
have to endure this.

I showered with luke warm water, Sandra was right hot water hurts, and I
adjusted the shower head adjusted so the water volume is low, otherwise the
water stings to badly.  The only thing I scrubbed hard was y hair and teeth.  I
think only my teeth didn't hurt as even my scalp was tender.  No matter I could
still smell the piss in my hair.

I was carefully patting myself dry when Sandra came into the bathroom.  "Listen
Patricia Mimi is leaving but I've go the day off, tomorrow too if you want".

"Thanks Sandra I'm not sure what you can do but I'd appreciate the company".

"Let me re-apply the cream it really helps, the Doctor will be here shortly to
check you out.  Only one that still makes house calls".  We both had to laugh at
that.

She had applied the cream everywhere but my pussy when the cell phone Master
Carl used rang.  "Go ahead and answer it, I'll wait in the other room".

I tried to sound as slave like and cheerful as I could given how I felt "Hello
Sir".

"Well Patricia how are we this morning" he cheerfully greeted me.

His voice still held me in a trance even though I was still feeling sore and
hurting.  "I'm... well.....fine I think", I answered softly.

"Patricia I know your in a great deal of discomfort".  Discomfort, hell I felt
like I'd been run over by a truck, rolled over a gravel road then been scrubbed
internally with bottle brushes.

"I'm fine Sir..all things considered"

"The Doctor will visit you within the hour.  He'll take care of you physically
but, mentally how are you", his tone of voice showed real concern for the first
time.

"This slave is fine Sir, really Sandra is staying with me today and.." he cut me
off before I could finish.

"BULL SHIT Patricia, your ceremony was far beyond what a new slave is generally
given.  Have you forgotten your responsibility to ME".  Now his tone conveyed
both concern and impatience with my answer.

"Sir.......uhhhhh.......what........I mean was is it you want" I stammered.

"You owe your Master the unvarnished truth.  I've NEVER punished you for the
truth Patricia.  Remember what happened when yo held back before".

I remembered, how I remembered the 3 weeks of punishment I'd been given. 
"Sir..........I'm confused.........Mistress Danielle seemed to hate
me........and ...well.......it's" my voice started to falter now.

"Speak to me Patricia, what are your thoughts on what happened last night".

"Sir you.......well you..." I couldn't get my mouth to say the words I have in
my mind.

"Me what, you have no right to privacy bitch, speak up" he growled at me.

I looked down at the black lettering across my pussy mound.  Even with the red
skin the word "bitch" stood out.  Bitch is what I was, HIS BITCH.

The words start to pour out of my mouth along with a flood of tears.  "You never
touched me, not ONCE,  I was fucked by every one but YOU, ....MY MASTER.  All
those months of talk and when I was there........ available..... wanting YOU. 
You not only didn't use me you didn't even try to bid on me" I screamed into the
phone.  Then I completely broke down crying.

"Patricia my little slave bitch, YOU still don't understand do you".  His voice
had lost it's edge, he again sounded like the teacher trying to get a dull
student to understand a problem.

"Understand....understand what Sir" I muttered.

"You wanted, you needed, YOU desired.  You still don't really understand my
precious little slave do you" he scolded me.

"No Sir this slave doesn't" I answered wearily.

"I told you when we started that I was neither your lover or boyfriend.  I was,
and am, your Master and teacher.  Like Beverly and Bill I'm here to bring out
YOUR true potential".

Using Miss Bess's first name surprised me, I had told him so long ago I didn't
remember if I had told him or not.  Invoking my father's given name shocked me. 
"How do you know his name........who the fuck are YOU" I screamed.

"Who I am is someone that cares for you more then you can know.  For now I ask
that you trust me, do you trust me Patty", he asked in a soft voice I hadn't
heard before.

No one called me Patty, no one except my father, and that was when I was very
young and only when the two of us were talking by ourselves.  "Patty, you called
me Patty" I sobbed.

"Yes I know what I said.  Right now all you need to know is that I'm someone
that truly cares for you.  What Danielle holds against you is not important
right now.  What is important is that you believe what I'm saying to you".

I was in shock from what he said, yet I did trust him.  More now then ever
before.  "Yes Sir I trust you".

"Good, very good Patricia.  Now you'll be on rest period for at least 3 weeks,
longer if the Doctor feels it's necessary.  That means minimal requirements, I
want you to rest.  I'll still require you to call regarding what cloths to wear. 
Sandra will instruct you on how to use the web site to enter your daily activity
when your off rest period.  She will also help you understand some of the
additional requirements of being Society property.  The Doctor will tell you
when he needs to see you for follow up care.  Follow both of their instructions. 
Do you understand".

"Yes Sir".

"We have reached another fork in our journey Patricia.  You have until Friday to
call a number that Sandra will provide you.  It's to install the video hook up
so Society members can view the entire inside of you home".

"What if I don't call Friday, does that mean all contact is off between us.  Is
this another choice the slave must make" I asked with anger in my voice.

"Not calling would mean you've renounced being a Society slave, but no this time
it doesn't mean we can't talk, and meet if you like Patricia.  It's just a way
to let you think about what your duties are to the Society.  Sandra will explain
this to you so you can make an informed choice.  Now I have to go, I'll talk to
you on Wednesday, take the time to think through what you want Patricia".  With
that he broke the connection.

I stared at the dead phone, the tears still running down my cheeks.  I'd never
cried so much in my entire life as I had in the past two day.  I looked over at
my collar, then opened up the box with the public collar inside.  It too was
dark green, a small gold clasp had "S.O.R. 002986" engraved on it along with the
date I became a slave.  I tried it on my neck, it felt snug and as my fingers
traced it I felt a flush of pride that I'd been able to earn it.  I fingered the
thick leather private collar I'd worn for the first time last night, Sandra had
cleaned it up beautifully.

I closed my eyes, leaning my head back against the headboard and wondered if I'd
feel good enough to go out today so I could wear my public collar.  I heard the
door open to my bedroom and Sandra come in, her lips felt cool on my face, she
whipped the tears from my cheeks gently.

"Patricia let me put the cream on for you, then if you feel like it I can start
to explain to you what your going to need to know.  If your feeling better later
we can go out shopping, there are some things you need to buy".

Her hands were soft on me, I winced as she spread the cream liberally around my
crotch and between my cheeks.  As her small fingers pushed inside of me I arched
up to accept them even though it hurt to have anything inside me.  The cream
started to lessen the pain, I spread my legs wider so she could reach up deep
inside my abused passages to sooth the discomfort.  I started day dreaming of
having sex with her, of how she tasted and if it was allowed for me to pleasure
her without permission.

I knew I'd call before Friday no matter what Sandra told me, I just had to know
who Master Carl was.  But that would wait, right now I just wanted to rest and
recover.  I was hoping the Doctor would arrive soon so I could rest undisturbed
with my thoughts.

AUTHORS NOTE:

This is the end of the story, it took a bit longer to finish then I'd thought
when I started.  I have several ideas for a follow-up on training camp and to
close up some of the open items related to Master Carl and Society business. 

I would appreciate any and all suggestions regarding they story, plot, writing
style from all that read the story.  Please contact me at KLS-1@rocketmail.com. 
I hope you enjoy the story as much as I did writing it.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Ken


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





