BDSM Library - Holiday In the Sun




Holiday In the Sun
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three girls from Germany go to Italy and get into trouble when they get into a men only bar.
Holiday In the Sun

Chapter One



When German girls go to Italy, they know that every second Italian will cheer at
their sight and reach out his hands for their asses and boobs. So did Julia,
Jana and Miriam from Dresden, a little town in East-Germany and they weren't
very keen on this experience but accepted it would happen since they couldn't
find a way to avoid it anyway... But they never would have expected their
holiday to be that close to their worst nightmares.

They started their journey, as almost every tourist travelling through Italy for
the first time, in Roma aeterna. Well, to them it didn't actually look like the
most cultural city of the world - rather some kind of a penis-fixated, totaly
sick place. Their whole days were full of what they called sexual harassment,
for want of the personal experience of what this word really means. They would
be in a queue at the supermarket, and suddenly feel a hand slide down their
backside, they would be having a rest in a cafe in the evening and a guy would
sit down among them and put his hands on their thighs and so on. So they decided
after only a few days to leave Rome and go to some village in Tuscany.

And that's where their main experience of this holidays was about to begin:

They were looking for some cafe to pee and get something to drink as they'd been
strolling around all day long in the old parts of Verona. Unfortunately no one
of them spoke Italian, so they wound up in this odd-looking bar. The sign
outside said (in Italian):



Men's Rest

Boccia and Coffee Club

only for men over the age of 25.



They saw the sign, just read the word coffee and made for it heading straight
for the bathrooms, wondering why there weren't any seperated women's rooms, but
finally ignoring that and dropping in, to find themselves in the worst smelling
toilet of as they guessed whole Europe.

The folks in the bar took serious notice when three blond cuties passed them in
their rush for the toilet. And especially two guys sitting at a table near the
toilet, who started to smile and almost simultanously got up and headed for the
bathrooms. But when they arrived the girls already had stopped peeing and just
stood there refreshing their make-up.

The two guys passed them by, pressing their hips closer against their butts than
necessary, and started to piss just round the corner.

Our German imports now decided to have some cold drinks in the bar and sat down
at a table near the toilets. When the boys dropped out of the toilet they sat
down at the same table. And put their hands on tender warm German thighs,
creeping higher and higher. When Marcello, the younger of the two, had his hand
almost to the upper end of Julia's thigh, she sprang up smashing her bag (with
the bottle in it) in his face.

Marcello stumbled backwards holding his cheek, numb with pain at first, then
with growing rage.

Seconds later he rushed back to the girl grabbing her from behind twisting her
arm behind her back and pulling her close to him. He then started to maul her
boobs with his other hand.

Meanwhile the other girls had fetched their things and, trying to get help to
free Julia from Marcello, ran to the door. But there already stood Allessandro -
and two folks from the bar.

'Why don't you entertain us with your presence for some time, young ladies!'
Allessandro said with a grin. His German was accented but quite fluent. This was
another peculiarity of the bar - contrary to most Italian men the patrons there
had travelled and worked abroad, and they had some notions of foreign languages.

At that moment one of the folks from the bar threw Allessandro the key and he
locked the door.

'Follow me, please,' Allessandro said and started walking triumphantly back to
Marcello. The girls kept standing at the door. At least until the two men from
the bar and Allessandro went to them, and grabbing their waists, carried them to
the back of the bar. Marcello joined them, most of his attention on Julia again.
He addressed her in English:

'Looks like we've got a lot of time for each other, my angel... what's your
name?'

No answer. Marcello obviously delighted slapped her in the face.

'What's your name?' No answer.

'Have a drink?' Julia nodded. Marcello poured vodka in a huge glass and dropped
some ice in it.

'Again, what's your name, my angel?' he asked playing with her hair. Again no
answer.

Not waiting any more he took the glass and poured the vodka all over Julia's
blouse. The cold liquid made her nipples erect. He reached for her, and started
playing with her nipples. She tried to keep him away but when she leaned
backwards he pulled her close, giving her a deep long kiss on her lips.

'You're tasty, and since we're family now, why don't you tell me your name?'
Julia's lips trembled but couldn't form a single word. He grabbed the collar of
her blouse.

'For the last time: what...' he pulled out the lowest button off her blouse

'...is...' next button

'...your...' button

'...fucking...' button

'...name...' upon which he didn't select the single button now holding her
blouse together over her globes but, with a smile, tore off the still unbuttoned
one from her collar. She just stood there, her lips quivering in disbelief,
unable to answer, but slowly forming her name. Finally she managed to say
'Julia' and he said 'Thank you', reached to her bra pulling at the thin strap
that held the cups together and then dropped his hand and just unbuttoned her
blouse completely.

He stepped back a little taking a deep look at Julia like an artist having a
look at his work, and then shaking his head, stepping closer, to finally whisper
in her ear 'It will look better like if you take down your bra and swing those
titties for us, don't you think?' and when Julia hesitated he added 'and you
better be fast at it otherwise your friend here will be in big trouble' as he
removed his belt from his trousers and slowly walked over to Jana.

Julia stood there for just one more moment but this moment was time enough for
Marcello to get over to Jana with his belt in hand.

'So what's your decision, do you swing your bare slutty titties or do I swing my
belt across your friend's titties?' Julia didn't believe he was serious but when
he he swung his belt through the air aiming at Jana's breasts she hurriedly said
'Stop it please, I'll do it' and she reached behind her back to unclasp her bra.

She unhooked it and let it slide to the ground and covered her breasts with her
arms.

'Get those hands away', the other guy, Allessandro, called. 'You've heard what
he said! show us your boobies!'

Slowly Julia lowered her hands till they fell on her sides. A chorus of
appreciating whistles were heard in the bar. And then a call, which Allessandro
translated in his accented German: 'That's exactly how a girl should look like.
Very nice really. Swing 'em for us, my dear!'

Julia felt so embarrassed, surely they couldn't... well, they could, she
reflected, and they would! Despite her thoughts she was unable to move until
once again Marcello reminded her of her situation by slapping her breasts five
or six times, making them swing: 'do what the man said, swing those boobs,
bitch!' and she started swinging them.

'Now apologize for being unpolite and keeping us waiting, and ask Benito here to
give your boobs a few smacks with my belt!'

Julia feared the pain but she had no difficulty figuring out that if she didn't
obey the pain would just get worse. So she walked over to Marcello to receive
his belt and then went on to the guy whom Marcello had called Benito. For a
moment she just stood there then whispered 'Would you please give my breasts a
few smacks with this belt...'

'What did you say? Couldn't hear you!'

'I... I asked whether it would be okay to you to smack my breasts a bit?'

'Your what and why do you ask?'

'I...'

'Stop babbling around, bitch, your friend here would like you to hurry up, don't
you now?' grinned Marcello as he took hold of Jana's hips and let his hands
slide over her crotch. Jana nodded 'Yes hurry up, please...' Hearing her
friend's plea Julia hurried to say loud and clear, 'would you be kind enough to
give my slutty boobs a few good smacks so that, everybody knows that it is a
girl's duty to apologize for not obeying her masters.'

Benito grinned.

'If you really like it?'

'Oh, yes I want it really badly.'

'Gimme the belt, lay your tits on the table and lean your head back.'

When Benito gave her the first smack she thought she would die instantly... and
when he finished after twenty-five strokes he added

'The rest I'll give you later on, don't forget to remind me!'

'Why don't we give the other girls their chance to impress. Ladies...'
Allessandro suggested. Jana and Miriam blushed.

'Well, ladies, let's have a look at your boobies; hop on on the tables please,
so that everyone can have a good look!' Miriam fell on her knees:

'Please, can't you just let us go, we simply cannot do this just like that!'

'Deeply impressing, young lady, but... okay if you cannot do it just like that,
you will also... let's see... remove your shorts and pull up your panties, till
they slip up into your sweet crotch and really hurt, my dear.' Miriam started to
cry.

'Hurry up, slut, or do you need my help?' Allessandro asked removing his belt
from his trousers. So Miriam finally climbed upon the table and stood there.
Then she started to pull up her shirt.

'Slow down, young lady, we got all the time in the world!' one of the guys from
behind called. So with tears filling her eyes Miriam stripped more slowly.
Giving them a glimpse of her bra, then covering it again, and once again, until
eventually the shirt fell on the floor. Then she reached to her back to unclasp
her bra, and slid it down her arms covering her breasts. She stood motionless on
the table hoping they would change their minds. But they were far from that and
Allessandro made that clear by slapping his belt on the table. So she miserably
gave away her bra too and her trembling fingers started fumbling with the fly
buttons on her short pants.

Allessandro went to her, his eyes wild with lust, and after about twenty seconds
of fondling her butt he yelled 'faster' and let the words being followed by his
belt. So she hurried up.

'Slow down!' smack.

She slowed down...

And after ten more strokes of the belt she managed to step out of the shorts,
exposing her nice tanned thighs and her white panties which were unfortunately a
little sweat soaked so they exposed a lot more than they were supposed to.

'Wait a minute before you go on with your show.'

In her eyes appeared some hope.

'Open up your legs, a little, and step a little closer to the edge of the
table.' She hesitated.

'Hurry up, bitch!' So she stepped to the edge of the table. And then she saw him
swinging his belt through the air and lost no time stepping back.

'Come back here, you stupid little German piece of ass!' No move. Finally
Allessandro moved to her and slapped her now uncovered breasts with his belt.
After innumerable strokes she moved to the edge.

'Too late! Call your slut-friend and ask her to beat your pussy - with the
buckle of my belt. If you hesitate your friends will be beaten too!'

'Please Jana, come here and beat me on my cunt with the buckle of the belt.' So
Jana went to Allessandro who handed her the belt.

'Every time you miss, the stroke will end up there.' he said groping her pussy.
Then he moved behind her.

'Here we go, young ladies!'

Jana swung the belt, the metal buckle reflected the light of the evening sun and
she landed it exactly on her friend's crotch. After a while Allessandro started
pulling down Jana's dress so that he could squeeze her tits while she hit
Miriam's cunt. Finally Jana was allowed to stop and Miriam was ordered to pull
up her panties. She pulled a little.

'Pull till it rips apart, bitch' and moaning in pain she pulled her panties into
her gash, deeper and deeper. Finally the fabric ripped apart and her pussy was
completely uncovered.

Then Benito saw someone moving towards the toilet and he called out in Italian
'Wait a minute, Toni, the toilet's moved here' pointing towards Julia. 'This
young lady would be glad to drink your piss. Am I right, slut?' Allessandro
asked and Marcello tweaked her nipples to help her answer.

'Yes...'

'Yes, what, slut?'

'Yes, I'd like to drink his piss!'

'Whose?' She didn't know what was wrong in her answer, so she guessed.

'Yes... yes I'd like to drink my Master's piss!' she said, hesitating.

'...And give him a blow job afterwards!'

'And give him a blow job afterwards', Julia repeated. Toni walked to her
unzipping his trousers, then he slapped her face and dangled his penis above her
mouth.

'Open up!' He took hold of one of her breasts and squeezed it turning her
nipple.

'Open up!' She opened her mouth a little.

Keeping her nipple in his hand he sent the piss flowing into in her mouth,
making sure that she swallowed it all.

'Now open it a little more.' Toni said very gently, as he quashed her nipple
between his fingernails. With a moan of pain she opened her mouth wider. And
Toni pissed all over her face, taking special care to drench her hair. When he
was finished he said 'Oh fuck, I would never have done such a thing. It's really
disgusting but you really seem to like it, don't you?' She didn't know what to
say.

'Don't you like drinking piss, bitch?'

'Y... Yes, I really like it.' Julia answered.

'And shit, what about shit, do you like it as well, honey?' He can't mean that,
Julia thought, as she answered 'Yes, I also like eating shit, and even more than
drinking piss'. She'd have said anything to avoid further nipple torture. Toni
smiled and called out 'Well then guys, why bother using the toilets, just
relieve yourselves all over the bathroom floor to give our friend a nice dinner.
And now slut resume servicing me, and start with undressing yourself I want to
see you playing with your cunt while you make me come'.

Julia stood up unzipping her trousers, and when she brought down her panties,
she exposed her well shaved pussy.

'Well prepared eh?' Toni asked as he slid his hands down her belly. He held her
labia apart and slipped his fingers into her until she started to moan with
excitement.

'And now hurry up, cunt!' and she began giving him a nice steady blowjob.

'I think if she hears her friends scream a bit it will be a good motivation for
her to give her very best, don't you think so, Allessandro?' Allessandro needed
no further prompting. He strove in earnest to elicit the nicest screams out of
the two girls' lips. He began by pulling Jana's nipples up and forward, then,
slipping his hand under her dress, he took hold of her panties' elastic
waistband, letting his fingers feel the nice rotondities of her butt then
turning her around. He started pulling out her pubic hairs, one by one. Jana
sounded really nice - just as if she were sitting on a lit barbecue.

'I think a bare pussy offers a prettier target for a good smacking, anybody got
a lighter?'

Jana's eyes filled with fear...

'But first of all give everyone here a good look at the subject matter'
Allessandro whispered in her ear as he fondled her butt.

'Lift up your dress and ask someone to help you with your panties' Jana started
pulling up her dress until her thighs and the bottom half of her panties could
be seen.

'Higher, will you, honey. We need a good look at our new friends' equipment',
Toni commented as he moved his hips forward making Julia gag. Jana obeyed and
pulled up her dress, to her waist. Then she looked at Allessandro who didn't
even notice it, as he was too taken in by her shapely legs and her blond pussy.
So Jana said

'Would somebody please take down my panties?'

'The guy who does will get her as his personal slave for tonight' Marcello
added.

The guy who was chosen was that unwashed little runt named Benito. He unzipped
his trousers in front of her and slid his cock up and down her thighs following
the outlines of her panties.

'Maybe you should become familiarized with your work before you go out on the
streets to earn us some money. Why don't you kiss him hello, bitch?' Jana leaned
forward.

'On your knees, bitch. You're not going to kiss my cock like that.' Jana went on
her knees.

'And now let me have a good look at your wares.' Benito said. So Jana took her
tits and lifted them up for him. Benito smiled and spat over her boobs.

'Clean it up!' And Jana started to lick the spittle from her breasts.

'Good girl! And now kiss my balls!' She did.

'Lick my asshole!' She also did.

'Get up again!' Jana hurried to get on her feet.

'So... you asked me to undress you somewhere here...' Benito asked, caressing
her panty area.

'Why do you want me to undress you?' Jana couldn't help crying as she answered

'Be... cause... cause otherwise my pussy is covered so you can't make use of
it', hoping she'd made the right answer.

'Alright, so let's get it off' Benito's hand slipped into her panties and
playing with her pussy he started to pull down her panties until they dangled
around her ankles. Benito patted her now uncovered cunt and suddenly gave her a
single well aimed smack.

'Just to give you an idea of what you're going to get.' Jana felt a sting of
pain floating through her body and heard her own voice answering

'Thank you, Sir, I'm looking forward to it.'

'Oh really, you do?' Benito grinned and took out a knife.

'What do you offer to make me choose to use this instead of a lighter?'

'What... whatever you like...'

'What do you suggest?'

'May... maybe you could tie up my tits?'

'Quite nice so far but what am I going to do with your titties!' Jana hesitated.

'Wait, maybe that'll help you!'

Benito went behind the bar and fetched a rope and began tying up her boobs.

'So what's next, my dear?'

'Would you like to cane them?'

'Go on I need an alternative choice in order to decide what I like better'

'Or... maybe you'd like to put clamps upon them'

'What would you suggest?'

'Maybe first the cane and then the clamps?'

'Hmmm, I think we must let also your friends have their fun, Julia, my dear, I
think eight or ten tight sharp clamps on your labia and clitoris would make you
blow-job show look even better, right, Toni?'

'You're right, but maybe we should sew her labia together enclosing her clamped
clit? Our wanna-be-housewives could show their skills with thread and needle
there' Toni said mauling Julia's breasts in his fingers. Julia screamed and
whimpered in pain and fear.

'Did I tell you to stop sucking?' Toni asked angrily twisting her nipple.

'No, Sir'

'Then you must now ask for punishment'

'I'm sorry for interrupting your blow-job, and request a punishment for my
misbehaviour.'

'OK, here is your punishment, you're going to sew your nipples together, are you
satisfied?'

As Julia didn't answer Toni began smacking her furiously on her face and on her
breasts, and taking a solid grip of her leg he began smacking her pussy even
harder. When Benito saw that he grabbed Jana's leg too and dragged her close to
Toni and joined in the fun, smacking Jana's cunt. After some time he suggested
that the girls could do Miriam the favor to lick her pussy while they were
beaten.

Thus Allessandro made Miriam sit on Jana's face ordering her to give him a
blow-job to close the circle. Now Toni twisted Julia's leg so that she had to
sit down on the floor, then he fetched a needle, some thread and a cane.

'And now the show begins! Ladies and Gentlemen, this young lady was found eager
and willing to perform a very nice number for our entetainment tonight. I didn't
want her to do it, because I said it would hurt too much and she would be
injured but she insisted to give this show to us and...' Toni enjoyed the fear
on Julia's face

'And she said that, when she finished she wanted her pussy to be rent open by
the biggest prick available!' Julia went pale.

'Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you... slut Julia...' and he handed her the needle
and the thread. With trembling hands Julia took the needle and the thread and
kept staring at him.

'Hurry up, get to work, bitch'.

Julia managed to put the thread through the needle and aimed the tip of the
needle at her right nipple.

'Go ahead...' she bit her lip and pierced her nipple with the needle

'And now the left one, hey come on, do I really have to tell you how to sew?'
With unsure movements, Julia pulled the needle to her left breast and pierced
its areola.

'Hey honey, go on, it has to be more than just one turn, left right, left right
you know...' so Julia still had to pierce her nipples several times before
Marcello knotted the thread between her boobs and smiled with satisfaction.

'Good bitch! And now go clean the mess in the bathroom!'




Chapter Two



As they entered the bathroom and the smell of the excrements of a dozen men
reached Julia's nose she almost puked puke right away, but somehow she managed
to control herself.

'Let's get to work, honey! And hurry up, because you still have to prepare
dinner for us. Maybe something with a lot of milk?' Marcello said pinching her
nipples.

When Julia didn't get to work fast enough he went out of the bathroom saying
'Looks like we need an extra incentive, my little fucktoy' Julia stood there for
about five minutes then Marcello came back with Toni, with Miriam in tow.

'This little bitch will help motivating your Royal Highness to get her ass
moving. Miriam my girl show your little gift to our friend!'

Trembling, Miriam opened her hands to reveal a net adapter like those used for
small appliances like a Walkman. This one had bared wires where normally there
was the plug.

'This young lady here' he pointed at Miriam 'insisted that we should punish you
for your laziness. We wouldn't have but she had very good reasons. Am I right,
my little German Drecksau?' he asked, but Miriam was far too busy keeping
control over her bursting bladder to be able to answer fast enough.

She had just become aware of his question when a scream from Jana was heard then
somebody called out.

'Hey guys, why don't you come over for a look at a really cute bald red cunt?'

'Don't think I'll forget this misbehaviour you perverse slut, you must answer
when I ask you a question! And don't you dare move or talk!' Marcello said to
Miriam. Then he left. Before following suit Toni turned to Miriam saying

'Why don't you sit down honey', then he gripped Miriam by her neck and pressed
her face down in a huge lump of shit.

'Stay there till we return and enjoy yourself!'

As they entered the main room, Benito was busy pinching Jana's reddened labia as
her sweet voice kept reaching unexpected peaks.

'Well done, Ben! nicht schlecht Herr Specht (quite good Mister Birdy) as we
Germans say!' Toni giggled as he twisted Jana's clit, which happened to be
unusually long and thus dangled outside her labia. Then he whispered something
into Benito's ear, who left the room to come back with Miriam.

'Our little shitface here seems to like you better than our friend number three,
because her little gift is now dedicated to you, my red-cunted angel. Here, take
these wires and press them against your labia, and your friend will give you
some energy.' Toni grabbed Miriam's clit and led her to the power outlet on the
wall.

'Experience has shown that you need some special motivation. This time it will
be a clit clamp for the first time I have to repeat an order, and the second
time you will be dressed in nothing but a short shirt and kicked out in the
street, there to get yourself someone who will fuck your shitty holes. Get it?'
Miriam nodded.

'Our friend ready, Ben?'

'Yep'

'So it's party time: Scotty, energy!' As Miriam plugged her adapter into the
outlet and the powwer flooded through Jana's already sore labia, Benito closed
his eyes and smiled enjoying Jana's screams for quite a long time, like a music
lover enjoying classical music in the concert hall.

'And now thank your friend for her gift and lick her face clean, so she has a
better chance to get somebody to fuck her!' Toni ordered.

'Hurry up, get your slutty ass over here!' Jana walked over to the wall, trying
not to rub her her labia against each other.

'You know what my sweetie, these ass cheeks of yours look so sweet, wouldn't it
be nice of me to give them a real hard, real painful fuck?' Jana's eyes grew
wide with fear. Toni laid his hand under her chin scratching his nail down her
throat, heading for her boobs.

'You better get faster at answering your masters' questions - it could get
painful for you if you don't. So ask me nice and fast honey.'

'Would you... would you please fuck my slutty ass while I lick Miri's face
clean?'

'Uh you did not ask sweet enough actually, don't you think?'

'Sir, I'm just a stupid fucktoy from Germany, would... would you be kind enough
to plug you honorable dick in my slutty ass, I really need it badly'

'Just tear these buttocks apart? Sounds a little boring, don't you think? This
way it'll hurt you only for a short time. Why not be a little more inventive?'

'M... Maybe you... Maybe you would like to... to torture my jugs while you're
fucking my unworthy ass?'

'Sounds more like it... what about clamps down there?' he said looking at her
bald red snatch. Jana looked at her tormented cunt in disbelief. Tears rolled
down her face.

'Sir, it would be my pleasure if you would plug your honorable penis in my
slutty backhole and put some clamps on my...'

Her voice failed to actually get out the words her tender lovely suckmouth was
forming

'... On my clit and labia, and my milk jugs want to get emptied too.'

'If I can do you a favor that easily... spread your labia so I... no, place them
yourself' he said handing her twelve sharp-toothed clamps. She took them and
positioned the first on her left labia, sighing as she felt the sharp metal bite
her tender flesh. She clipped four more on her left labia, the next five on her
right labia... and the last two she managed to put upon her clit.

'So now get moving girls: Miriam, sit down in front of your friend. Jana, lean
forward, one hand opens the entrance, the other one guides my dick. And while
you lick the shit off your slutfriend's suckface, you will milk your own jugs
and don't forget to twist your nipples.'

Miserably, Jana leaned forward so her face touched Miriam's. She could smell the
shit and piss. She stretched out her tongue and started licking clean her
friend's face. Then she reached backwards, pulled her ass cheeks apart with one
hand while the other one guided Toni's impressive cock to her asshole.

'Please plug me my Master, rip my ass apart.' No second bidding was needed, Toni
rushed his cock into her guts and enjoyed the sight of Jana playing dejectedly
with her tits.

'Hey Miri, why don't you help your friend move her ass a little better by
pulling on her clamps?'

So Miriam reached between her friend's legs and started pulling the clamps. At
first she took care to leave the clit clamps alone but when Toni asked whether
she'd like to know how it feels to have her clit roasted, she hurried to pull
also on Jana's clit clamps. Long minutes later Toni called out

'Is there somebody who'd like to replace me, I had forgotten about little
shiteater Julia.'

'Don't anybody dare to fuck my bitch except me this evening if I don't say so!'
Benito said now gripping Jana's hips to continue her ass-fuck.

'Seems to be a tight one but the more often you're used from behind the more
it'll fit my cock's size. Such a pity, honey!' Benito yelled as he forced his
way into her ass which still hurt from Tonio's rude entrance.

During that scene the other guys surrounded the trio and started bothering
Miriam while her face was still being licked by her friend. The first to do so
was Allessandro but later the guys had a little competion in being inventive
while playing with Miriam. First they paid attention to her long redblond hair,
which one of the guys used as toilet paper after wanking off at the sight of the
scene. Then they started to pull her hair backards so Jana had to move to and
fro to keep licking, which was much to Benito's liking. Then another one of the
guys, Pietro decided not to waste his time visiting a toilet:

'Hey shitface, tasty stuff uh?' Miriam started to cry as an answer.

'I asked whether you like the stuff your face is covered with?'

'Yes...'

'Yesyesyes!' Pietro mocked her bad English.

'Honey, if you wouldn't mind it would be really kind of you to tell us whether
this stuff is one of your favorites in dirty games'

'Oh... well, sir actually it's the one I like the most, it... it feels so good
to be helpful to other people who can use me as their private toilet'

'So it wasn't nice from your friend to clean your face just now, am I right?'
Miriam was overwhelmed by disgust and shame that her friend had had to lick shit
off her face.

'No it's not nice I would have liked to keep it a little longer!'

'So you ask us to punish her for her misbehaviour?'

Miriam couldn't believe it, so she hesitated. This gave Pietro the time to take
the net adapter from the floor, plug it in and hold the wires against Miriam's
sweet nipples

'Once again, are you, my favorite sweet shitface, asking us to punish your
friend 'bald-cunt Jana' for her misbehavior?'

'That... uh, that would be really nice of you'

'So make a suggestion! How should we punish this slut?'

'You could... spank her ass?'

'You really think that would be enough! You seem to forget it's not just any old
thing she's licking off your face. It's shit! Shit, your favorite sexy stuff!'

'So... you, AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA' Miriam yelled as Pietro slid the wires into her
slit '... you could spank her cunt'

'You're not very creative, honey. I think I have to punish both of you. For you
my honey I've got a special pleasure.' Miriam looked at him in fear.

'Tomorrow we will build a toilet box and where there's normally the hole there
will be a box and guess who's in the box?' Pietro said laughing. Miriam looked
at him with hate in her eyes.

'Oh you think about how to thank your Master for his deed. Come here!'

And Pietro pulled her by her hair positioning her face between his ass cheeks
and he crapped pressing his shit into her face.

'Open your mouth' and the disgusting brown shit filled her mouth so she could
taste the bitterness. Then Pietro walked away laughing.

Marcello was so aroused by Miriam's tears that he decided to give her snatch
some good action.

'Oh I forgot about your friend's punishment,' Pietro said returning, 'and I
think it should be even more severe because you didn't remind me. So what would
you suggest, ladies?' No answer.

'Both of you have the whole night to think about how we could punish you. Each
one has to make two suggestions about the proper way to treat the other one. And
then the one of you who endures the pain has to persuade us that she really
wants it. If you fail you'll get to taste your own suggestions and then you'll
have to make three new ones, you'll get to taste two of which. Buona notte,
titties and you better tell your friend too.'

Meanwhile Tonio had gotten back to the bathroom where Julia sat crying in the
middle of a huge mess of excrement.

'Oh my dear I'm so sorry that I kept you waiting for so long. Hope you didn't
mind? But now we can start cleaning right away.' Julia didn't even notice him,
she was trembling and lost in her fear and shock.

'I said we start right away!' and with that Tonio gripped Julia by the bases of
her still sewn tits and forced her on her feet. Only to punch her in the stomach
right away, so that she puked immediately.

'I don't think you need to make your evening duties grow even heavier, honey!
But if you ask me very nicely maybe I'll let you get some sleep after cleaning
the bathroom.'

'Please Sir, may I get some sleep after cleaning the bathroom, I really do need
some rest?'

'Doesn't sound convincing, does it.' Tonio answered.

'Oh if you'd like to you can play with my body to your pleasure.'

'With which part of your slutty body should I like to play, fucktoy?'

'You could... could play with my... my jugs, torture them some more'

'You don't really want me to do that? I think they already got their share.'

'Oh no no, Sir , I really do need some more tittie action. I think it would be
very good of you to you stick pins into my jugs...'

'And that would be enough, my dear friend?' Tonio said sweetly.

'Uh, er... may... maybe you could whip them afterwards so... so that the pins
get deeper into my titties.'

'That sounds nice but I'm making one change to you plans. You couldn't know
about it but we got something in our bar that will cause great pleasure to you
my dear. And guess what that is?'

'I... I really don't know...'

'You don't know what? And who the fuck do you think you're talking to?' Tonio
asked kicking her with his knee between her legs.

'I really don't know what pleasure you got for me my honorable master!'

'I'll show it to you' and with that Tonio went to fetch a cane.

'I think twenty strokes with that will make the pins go deep enough into your
jugs. But first clean up the floor.' And this time Julia did as she was told.
She got on her knees and started licking up the puke, shit and piss from the
floor. After maybe ten minutes Tonio ordered her to stretch her ass up in the
air. And when she did he started to cane her ass. Sometimes he pressed her head
and breasts into the mess and used this position to give her some strokes across
her snatch. And when she finally finished she already had received quite a lot
of strokes.

'I think I'm a little tired. Would it be okay to you if I care about your boobs
tomorrow?' Julia nodded crying.

'Answer my question!'

'Sir it will be hard but bearable for me if you wait till tomorrow to torture my
titties.'

And with that Tonio left the bathroom to get the other girls into the bathroom
and this nice day ended with a general piss of the men onto the three girls
sitting on the floor of the bathroom.




Chapter Three

During the night, from time to time, some of the men took a leak or even gave
one of the girls the pleasure to fuck one of their holes but in general it was a
quiet night until the girls were awakened with buckets of cold water.

While they were getting up Miriam and Jana managed to tell the new regulation to
Julia before they were forced into the main room. And this time it was
Allessandro's turn to speak.

'Ladies, I hope you had a cheerful night. The Honorable Council of your Masters
decided to grant all of you a special pleasure.' Allessandro paused a little
before going on.

'We invented some rules: first, every time anyone has to pee or shit, he or she
does it into or onto Miriam. Second, every time one of you has to pee or shit
you have to make sure everybody is watching, if one of us is not watching you
it's a fault and you'll be punished for that like we told you yesterday. And one
last rule, every one of you has to receive at least one tit-torture each day.'
Allessandro enjoyed the looks in the girl's faces.

'Last of all I'll tell you what will happen during the coming days. You will
work. Work as the whores you always were. Expose yourself out on the streets
from morning to night, get fucked or tortured or whatever, and bring back the
money. Miriam you'll be sitting in a shit-box as we told you. When you've earned
us enough money, in one week or so, about two thirds of us will travel to
Germany with two of you. The third one will stay here and go on earning money
for us. In Germany you will introduce us to your friends and family. We will
fuck everybody we want to, paying special attention not to forget your honorable
families, and after we've fucked and tortured your mothers, sisters, and friends
for some time, we'll bring them here to work for us too.' Silence.

'Oh I forgot to say what will happen if one of you does not obey or if you give
warning to your friends and family: in this case your friend who's still here in
Italy would be sliced to ribbons, and I mean it literally.' Silence again.

'Julia I think you want to tell me something...?' Tonio asked grinning.

'Sir, I know I'm actually not worth while, but would...' and here her already
low voice wasn't audible at all 'would you please stick these pins in my
unworthy jugs to which you already gave the pleasure of being sewn and cane them
afterwhile? I really would be happy if you do so.'

'If that is all you want I think I can help you out.' Just that moment some
tourists were walking by, doing photos and when Marcello saw them he called to
Tonio

'Hey Tonio, there some people just walking by taking pics, don't you think it
would be nice to give them the chance to get some very special souvenirs?' Tonio
grinned

'Yeah, I think that's a great idea, Marcello! Julia why don't you get out and
ask them to join in our little party, maybe you can also earn your first money!
So get out and get them in here!'

'But but I can't walk out there like that' Julia cried.

'Oh, you can, believe me, and now get outside, bitch!'

Julia started to move towards the door when she reached it she hesitated but
when she saw Allessandro twisting Jana's boobs she hurried to get outside. Out
there she walked over to the tourists - four men and two women - as normal as
possible. Only a few steps away she stood still and finally brought out the
words

'My Masters send me out here to ask you whether you'd like to take some pictures
of me and my friends being tortured as some kind of special souvenir.' The guys
looked at her in disbelief. Could that be real. Then one of them started to walk
around her only to take a stand in front of her and admiring the threads between
her tits.

'You're a little pervert, am I right? Love to be beaten. Guys let's get in there
maybe this'll teach our gals some manners too!' And so the six of them walked
behind Julia towards the bar and stepped in.

When they got into it was for Tonio to welcome them.

'Hi there I'm Tonio, welcome in our place. Hope you don't mind the strange kind
of invitation. But please come over here, take a look. Where are you from?'

One of the guys answered 'From England.'

'Fine. Are you interested in having some fun with these sluts? But to be honest
we would like to get some bucks for the show let's say fifty from each of you.
You pay only half if we can have our turn with your girls meanwhile.'

The two girls looked at their boys with fear. But when they heard that they were
to be the price to get their boys to fuck some young German whores they really
got furious. It was one of the tourists that called laughing 'Hey, Barb, didn't
you just tell me when we were outside, that the journey is getting far too
expensive, because of all the stuff you're buying all the time? So this is a
good occasion to save some money, don't you think?'

The adressed girl turned even paler with anger. It must have been very
frightening for the girls to see how their boys and Tonio started to torture
Julia's boobs and especially the fact that their loving boyfriends' cocks got
rockhard as they pinned the poor girl's titties and beat the shit out of them.

But thanks to Allessandro and the others they didn't waste too much time
thinking about someone else's suffering. Within seconds some boys embraced them
from behind and let their hands slide up and down their bodies, paying
especially attention to the girls' tits and crotch. Fondled their jugs and made
fun of pulling the jugs up so they came almost fully visible just to be stopped
by the hands of the girl and then again groped their pussies thrugh the thin
material of the summer dresses they wore. After some time of this game they
ordered them to pull down their dresses in the upper half so that they could see
their jugs.

'Hey you,' Allessandro called to one of them, 'you see over there what turns a
man on so why don't you do a little show for us?'

'What... what do you mean?'

'Well, nothing special just undressing yourself and getting some pain flooding
through your slutty bitch bodies'

'UH fuck off you bastard' the blond one which seemed to be a little older than
the other one said but she couldn't even finish before some guy hit her with his
leather belt in her face. He then continued to give her some lashes across her
still covered titties.

'Get them jugs out of that top and offer them to us' and after some time in
which several severe threats were yelled at her the girl answered by pulling her
top down and a set of full well tanned breasts with big areolas came into view.

'Make your slutfriend bite into them.' It was a fucking lot of fun when the girl
pulled her titties with both hands so that her friend could reach them better
and the other girl leaned forward to chew on the exposed jugs. It was even more
fun because of the other girl looking so afraid and at the same time disgusted
by being forced to chew on another woman's breasts. The whole scene was
accompanied with Julia's screams. The pins had already gotten quite deep into
the tender flesh and the guys and especially the tourists still kept beating her
with everything they got in hand.

Now Marcello turned up with two more guys carrying a huge box made of wood.
Nobody knew what this box was for until he took Miriam by the neck and forced
her into some kind of cage at the bottom of the box. She was locked there in
such a way that she lay on her back with her ass to the side of the cage so
everyone could fuck her ass or cunt while her face was locked under a plank with
a hole in it. Now it was clear it was the promised shitbox. When she was secured
well enough he took Jana by the hair and got her into the box and onto what was
suposed to be the toilet seat.

'You see we take care of every girl's special needs.' Allessandro said to the
tourist girls while he got his hand under the dress of the chewing girl. First
he felt and weighted her firm buttocks in his hands for some time and then he
wanted to get his hands in between her legs. The girl pressed her thighs
together firmly.

'Open up those legs!' he said with an evil grin. 'I said open up, you really be
sorry if you don't!'

The girl got her legs about one inch apart.

'When I say open up I'm not talking about one or two inches, FUCKHOLE. Now get
those legs really spread so I can fingerfuck your cunt. And let's get the
panties down to and the hem of your dress up around your waist.' Miserably the
girl did as she was told.

'Fine! now let's see whether there's a difference between a German and an
English fuckhole' And with that he started fingerfucking the girl's cunt.

'But let's get to work! Have you girls been ass fucked before?' Allessandro
asked in the sweet voice of a salesman. Both shook their heads.

'Well then, there's always a first time and the fun is, first time hurts the
most. Looking forward to it aren't you?' With that he took hold of the hips of
still chewing girl and pressed his cock against her ass.

'Feels good, honey?' No answer.

'I asked you whether it feels good to have a cock pressed against that slutty
ass of yours and being promised to get ass fucked?'

'No' said the girl and started crying.

'Well, why don't you save yourself some cunt caning and make me hard by rubbing
your ass against my cock?' and when she didn't start he continued 'someone could
get a cane and give her snatch a little warm up!'

In a twinkle of an eye some of the guys came back with a cane.

'And keep your legs spread!' But Marcello had to kick her feet apart to spread
her legs again. When the first stroke hit her cunt she bit really hard into the
jug she was just chewing on. After ten more strokes she finally gave up and
started rubbing her ass against Allessandro's cock. Some minutes later he
ordered her to use her hands on his cock. And as soon as it was half-hard she
was ordered to line it against her asshole. This time it took fifteen lashes to
convince her and as the caning was great fun to the guy he gave her an extra ten
before he turned to her friend.

Then everybody turned to watch as one of the tourists went to use the toilet
box. The box worked very well, each turd of shit hit Miriam right in her face
and this time the pleasure was even increased through a bottle of vinegar which
some guy stuffed into her cunt. The acid obviously burned very well.

By now Allessandro was rock-hard and so he ordered the girl to lead his cock
into her asshole. With trembling hands she took his cock and put it there. After
a short pause Allessandro rammed his cock up her ass and if you believed her
screams it felt even worse than she had expected. Her humiliation was even worse
when one of the tourists, obviously her boyfriend, came over to her, pulled her
dress up till her breasts were showing and pressed his cock in her mouth. The
other girl who still had only her breasts exposed got her tits bound firmly with
some rope and was then ordered to attach some clamps to them. She couldn't do
anything but obey.

While Allessandro fucked the tourist-girl in her ass and she sucked her
boyfriend's cock, he asked 'Is this piece of fuckmeat a good sucker?'

'Well, let me put it that way, she probably will be a hell of a sucker, cause I
guess you guys will help her to improve her talents, am I right?'

'If she asks us kind enough we will be pleased to train her. She really should
thank you for asking us to help her don't you think?' With that he gripped her
hair and pulled her head backward. 'Hey bitch, thank your friend that he got you
in here so we can make you a more yummie piece of fuckmeat'

No answer.

'Tonio this fuck-o-mat seems to be out of order would you please check it' And
Tonio got under her like a mechanic and started to check her functions by
pulling her nipples, beating and scratching the sensitive sides of her tits,
twisting her clit and finally attaching some clamps to her nipples and clit.
Then he got back to Barb, the other tourist-girl and pushed her down to sit
between the legs of the other girl.

'Now, Barb my love, you will open your sweet suckmouth and swallow every drop of
your friend's piss!' With that he turned to Fuckhole and screamed 'Piss!'.

And as she didn't react fast enough he got behind the bar to get some darts. He
handed the darts to some guys and told them to stay in a circle around the still
sucking girl.

'Alright honey, I've got enough of your disobedience. We're going to throw darts
at you till you start pissing; and Barb if you don't swallow we'll choose you to
be our next target. Alright? Staaaart... now!' With that they started to throw
darts at her and especially at her tender tits. She really tried to piss but she
was ass fucked way too rudely to be able to concentrate enough.

'OK, OK I see you're not willing to cooperate. Marco, get me a lighter and a
bottle of grappa!' When the guy returned with the items he continued with what
the girl and surely some of you, my dear readers, have already expected

'I'm now going to wet your pubic hair with the grappa and set it on fire. If you
manage to piss by then your friend may use two mouthfuls of your piss to stop
the fire. But two mouthfuls no more, got it? And, Fuckhole, I really recommend
you to stop pissing when your friend's mouth is full; if only one drop is wasted
it won't be only your friend's pain time!' With that he poured some grappa over
the poor girl's pubic hair and after he made sure that it was wet all over he
poured some more over it and took the lighter and set it aflame.

'Et voila, fuckhole flambe!' he laughed. Almost instantly a golden stream of
piss exited her hole. But Barb wasn't prepared for it and it landed on the
floor.

'Well done! one round of extreme pain for every girl in this bar!' This made the
hair burn a little longer and when the second stream of piss finally made its
way into Barb's mouth there was only very little left of Fuckhole's former
overly hairy pubes. But unfortunately the single mouthful of piss was enough to
put out the flames.

'OK, that's done. But since you stupid bitches couldn't even do such a simple
thing without messing up the whole floor I think we have to punish you both,
what do you think?' The room was filled with partly expecting, partly fearful
silence.

'Barb, answer my question!'

'I... I think it wasn't our fault, my dear and loved master'

'Hear that guys, this dumb slut dares to contradict me! Barb, this one's going
to give you the pleasure of giving you a more extended show. But now answer my
question, honeypussy!' Silence.

'Seems like good old Barb here has no idea what to say, don't you think guys?'
Tonio yelled. Now Allessandro quit ass fucking the other girl and picked a dart
from the floor showing it to Barb. Barb looked at it gulped and said

'Maybe you'd like to throw some darts at us.' In Tonio's face there grew a
malicious smile.

'And which position would you gals assume while we do so?'

'We... we could sit on...' Barb looked around her. 'we could sit on top of the
bar... may... maybe even with' gulp 'with our legs apart' With that Tonio went
to her and laid an arm around her, stroking her cheek. He even kissed her tears
softly away 'Good girl don't cry, daddy's here, don't you cry, honey.'

And just as a shy smile was appearing on Barb's face he got behind her and
pulled her nipples up so she had to stay on her toes.

'Whoa, this gal knows excactly how to please us perverts! OK, Barb we'll let you
do the little show you suggested us, just to keep you happy. Ain't that nice of
us?' It took Barb some seconds to realize that in addition, she should thank
this bastard for torturing her and her friend, but finally she nodded her
agreement

'It... It is very nice of you guys to give some useless cunts like us the chance
to entertain you, thank you my masters!' Tonio let her down on her feet and
walked over in front of her.

'But, oh, what's this?' Tonio asked. Barb looked stunned and didn't know what he
meant. So Tonio stepped near and made sure she couldn't guess what he was up
to... but then within only parts of a second he got his hand between her thighs
and groped her cunt.

'Nice cunt of yours. Good fleshy lips. But unfortunately they're protecting you
from the pain you want to suffer, what do you think?'

'I could hold them apart'

'Yeah sure you should do this. But won't you let them loose if you enjoy the
pain of a dart in your nipple?'

'May... maybe for a short moment...'

'That's way too long. Think of another way to keep our aim free.'

'I... I don't know'

'What if we make a deal. The first eight darts which miss, that means which miss
you, will be used to hold your cuntlips open, first you fix the outer ones and
then you make sure we're not hindered either by your inner lips, is that alright
with you?' Barb nodded with tears running down her face.

'Oh, and Barb...' Tonio let his hand slide out of from her hole causing the girl
a little relief before he groped a handful of her pubic hair.

'Get rid of that bush, it's covering our target!'

'I... but... but how do I have to do it?'

'Look, Barb, I see you didn't get it, you don't have to do anything for us and
nobody expects anything from you. Okay? We're just busy to help you with your
coming out as a alltime horny fucktoy. And by the way it'll keep you from a lot
of pain if you try to hurry up with this. Get it?' Barb nodded.

'So which one of this guys is yours?' Barb pointed at one of them.

'What's his name?'

'George'

'Well, George, why don't you come over here and help your doll a little?' He got
over to her and stood before her.

'Go on, Barb ask him to help you with your little hairy problem' Barb who had
hung her head looked up to Tonio then turning her head to her loved one. She
hesitated a short moment searching for some warmth that would promise to help
her. She couldn't find it.

'Hurry up, we ain't got all day for this!'

'Uh, ehm, George, could, could you help me to get rid of my pubic hair?'

'Get rid of my pubic hair, honey?' Tonio said mockingly. 'Look the sentence you
actually want to say runs. 'Hey George, could you help me show these guys what a
slut I am. I think my cunt's too hairy their darts could miss it.'

'Well, George, I... I know you always wanted it anyway, so could you help me to
get a nice bald...' Barb closed her eyes 'twat so they can throw darts at me'
Barb opened her eyes and looked at George.

'What would I get if I helped you?' she heard his voice say.

'What?'

'What would you give me if I helped you?'

'I... You... I could give you... could give you a blow...' Barb managed to say.
She still couldn't believe all this to happen. Her holidays ending in this lousy
bar, her friend turning out to be such a... she couldn't find a name for it
before he heard him say

'Including cum-swallowing?'

'If... if you'd like me to I'd be glad to swallow.' Barb said with a gulp and
closed her eyes. She still had her eyes closed when something hit her face and
ran down her cheeks. She opened her eyes and saw it was George's spittle that
was running down her cheeks. Her own boyfriend had spit her in the face.

'No. You don't really think I want a blow from such a slut.' George said and the
crowd yelled with laughter.

'However I understand it's really urgent for you to produce a bald target. And
since I don't want these nice guys to wait all day long for you bitches to get
ready I'll be nice.' George paused, Barb looked full of expectations and with
still a little hope in her eyes.

'I help you to get rid of you bush for the very cheap price of drinking my piss.
Is this alright with you, Barbie-gal?'

'Sss... sure...'

'Hey Marcello, do we have enough candles in here to give this slut the chance to
get a bald twat?'

'Don't think so I think this slut should go and buy some.'

'Hey, you've heard what he say. Get out and buy some candles.'

'Wait a minute,' Marcello said and went to the shit-box and pulled Miriam out by
a leg and pulled her over. 'Miriam here says she wants to go with her. She wants
to invite the guys at the shop to come over here to use her as a toilet slave
and maybe she even can get a bottle or something shoved up her holes.'



'He, Marcello, don't you think she should get her face cleaned? She smells like
shit herself. Actually I think we should shower her.'

'Alright. Miriam get down on your knees. Barb come over here. Miriam, now ask us
to wash off the shit you smeared all over your face with our piss.'

'My dear Masters, could you please wash off the shit I smeared my face with by
pissing on me?'

'Well, we could do so...' Marcello said acting as if he was thinking twice about
something, 'but I think you should be punished for causing us so much trouble
what would you suggest?'

'I... You could pierce my cuntlips...'

'Well, not bad but too much work for now. Instead we will just whip you tits.
Oh, and Barb you'll get yours whipped too. First because we want you to get used
to it, second because it sure looks good. And by the way you'll drink all of the
stuff that will wash off her face. So Miriam lay on the table with your head in
the air. Barb get yourself a funnel and lay on the floor and swallow it!'

The girls did as they were told and when Miriam laid on the table the guys made
a semi-circle around her head. Two guys at a time should piss at her face. This
way it would take more time and Barb would really have to swallow it all. To
make it worse for Barb it was the two tourists who were first. They obviously
enjoyed more and more pissing at a girl's face and George said that, when they'd
go back to England, he would sell Barb as a toilet slave to the whole street.

Finally Miriam's face was at least not shit-covered anymore though it was far
from being clean. 'Now lick the remaining shit-streams from her face and offer
me your ass, Barb.' said George who seemed to like the new role Barb was forced
into. Barb got up and was just bending forward to start licking when the taste
in her mouth and the smell of the shit still left on Miriam's face made her
throw up. The puke hit Miriam directly in her face and dripped on the floor.
'See what a mess you made? We will clean that with your dresses so you'll get a
good reminder to these holidays. But for now start licking!'

With obvious disgust on her face Barb managed to do as she was ordered. She had
to fight the need to puke several times but the thought of having to lick her
own puke from Miriam's face again and again made her do it without puking.

'Didn't I tell you to offer your ass to me?' George asked her slapping her ass.
She hurried to get her ass in position for an ass fuck she thought was coming.
Instead of this George asked for something to lubricate her. They gave him some
oil and he poured some between her asscheeks. Then he started pushing his hand
into her asshole. First only three fingers then the whole hand. It seemed to
cause her great pain but she didn't scream.

When Miriam finally was ready the girls were ordered to get on their knees and
face each other. Allessandro was chosen to be the one to whip their jugs. He
stood between them and remained moveless for some moments. Then he started to
swing the whip furiously. Sometimes he still aimed but mostly he just hit them
anywhere. Some strokes landed on their stomachs, some hit their faces. Finally
he stopped, calmed down and gave each one of them twenty-five strokes, which
were perfectly aimed at their nipples.

'Ladies, I think this should do for now. Now get out and get us the candles!'
With trembling legs they managed to stand up. They stood there not knowing what
to do, thinking how embarrassing it would be to get out on the street like this.
But the guys suddenly all had something in their hands to beat them with and so
Miriam and Barb miserably were beaten out on the street, naked as they were.
There was much yelling almost instantly, partly from guys walking by who
cheered, partly of their wives who looked disgusted and called them whores or
other names. The shop was only about fifty meters from the bar but these sure
were the longest fifty meters in the life of the two girls. At least until now.



When they finally arrived at the shop the whole crowd gathered there and kept
staring at them. And when they tried to get into the shop two guys were standing
in the door and made no move to step aside. They just stood there and let their
eyes wander up and down the naked bodies of the two girls who flushed into a
more and more deepening red.

'Could you let us in there, please, Sir?' Julia finally said. They stepped about
one feet apart so they could manage to get in if they pressed themselves between
them. Naturally this would cause them to give the two guys a good feel of their
bodies especially their boobs. However, since there were no other choices, they
gulped and made an attempt to get in.

'Calma, calma' one of the two spoke in broken English. 'Don't you hurry, nice
girl' He sniffed again and looked disgusted

'Seems like our friend here ate a little too much shit' he said in Italian then
he reached forward for her breasts. She moved back but there was already another
guy who began stroking her asscheeks.

'If you want to buy at my shop, you should be piu gentile, a little more nice to
us. We don't sell anything to perverts actually.'

'But we... we aren't perverts, we...' Barb broke into tears, while Miriam was
still busy keeping away the guys' hands.

'Oh, sure you are, we all heard you scream last night. Marcello and the others
are into torture and that stuff. E perche you didn't try to get away? You must
like it!' He finally succeeded in holding Miriam's hands with one hand while his
other gave her right boob a firm squeeze

'Or are you really telling us they forced you? Nobody would believe you. So what
do you want?'

'I... we... we want to buy some candles.' and just when she heard her voice say
these words it appeared to her that they got no money and things would surely
get worse if they said so

'Candles, what the fuck do shit-eating perverts like you need candles for. You
certainly not planning a candlelight dinner, puta, am I right?' Meanwhile the
whole crowd had closed around them and was touching them everywhere.

'We need them for...' Julia closed her eyes.

'Guarda me, look at me you stupid cunt!'

'We need them because Marcello and the other guys want us to have bald twats'

'Well, they're sure right a good fuckhole's twat should be bald all time, am I
right guys?' the crowd cheered and laughed. The guy who obviously owned the shop
pulled her close to him by her pubic hair.

'E come volete pagare - And how do you think you're going to pay?' he said
pulling her pubes a little more painfully.

'We.. I don't know but we're ordered to invite all of you to come over to the
bar and play along. Maybe you... you would even like me or us to be your toilet
slave.'

'What do you mean by toilet slave?'

'I... I could swallow everything'

'Everything?'

'Your piss and shit and so on.'

'You're disgusting, slut. You said you'd do that at the bar. But I think the
crowd needs a little apeasement now and here. So better think of something?'

'What do... what do you want us to do?'

'I think you should lick your way to the counter.' Miriam took a look at it. It
wasn't tidy at all but it wasn't that bad either.

'Right we do that and then you give us the candles' The guy nodded with a smile
on his lips. So Julia and Barb got on their knees and started licking the floor
at the door. They had already moved forward about a half meter and had four more
to go when they heard a zip. They looked up and found the shop owner had opened
his pants.

'Don't care about me just lick that floor, sluts!' he yelled. They hurried to
continue the 'cleaning' till they noticed it had got darker. They again looked
up and found the crowd in the shop had closed the door and windows. They were
just about to start licking again when they heard the sound of a fluid
spattering on the floor. They turned their head and saw the shop owner and two
more guys had pissed on the floor. When the eyes of the girls met those of the
guys the guys broke into a evil laughter.

'Buon appetito!' The girls made an attempt to stand up but some guys from the
crowd behind them pushed the forward so they fell on the floor with their faces
landing in the yellow smelly puddle. The laughing grew even bigger and increased
again as the shop owner and one other guy who had pissed on the floor took the
girls by their necks and started sweeping the floor with the wriggling squirming
girls. When they thought it was enough they just threw them on the floor and
before they could prevent it, each of the girls had a guy sitting on her
stomach.

'Ci facciamo una sega nelle facie di questi raggazze! Come on guys, let's wank
off into these girl's faces!' and with that the guys started to do so and by and
by the gals looked up into more and more cocks aimed at them only waiting to
shoot their loads into their already tear streamed faces. And one after one each
guy in the shop shot his load on them. Most of them even wiping their cocks off
in their hair so that finally they had their faces, hair and boobs covered in
cum. They didn't even try to get it off anymore.

'Get me some candles!' the shop owner yelled into the backroom. And some minutes
later the guy's wife appeared. It was the last spark of hope glimming in
Miriam's eyes that made her look at her

'Non osate a guardermi! - Don't you dare to look at me!' was the answer of the
woman to this look and she stood above her and spit her directy into her mouth
which was open of surprise.

'Stuff seven candles into the cunt of each of these girls and four more into
their assholes.' the shop owner said to his wife. She immediately got on her
knees between the legs of the girls.

'Could you help me?' she said to her husband and the other guy sitting on Barb's
stomach. The guys turned around and pushed the legs of the girls apart. The
woman now forced her hand up the girl's twats. To make it more comfortable to
carry the candles as she explained to the crowd. The girls instantly screamed
from the rude invading. And then each girl got seven quite big candles stuffed
up her cunt. Then the guys took the legs of the girls and raised them in the air
so that their bottoms rose from the ground and in one fast motion they got four
even bigger candles stuffed up their assholes.

The guys moved away from their stomachs and the girls asked for something to
wipe off their faces.

'No way. Cum sluts always have some cum in their faces' so the girls even more
humiliated turned to leave. They just wanted to get out of this shop fast. They
opened the door and faced a crowd even bigger than that inside the shop.

'Wait a minute!' they heard the already well-hated voice of the shop owner.

'Wait I got a present for you.' He came over to them followed by another guy who
carried something but was covered by the shop owner's body.

'As we always want tourists like you to have nice memories to our shop I now
want to give you something to give a good ending to your shopping trip. I want
to give you this' and with that he turned around and took something the girls
couldn't guess from the other guy. He turned to the gals with two smaller
candles which were only about three inches long.

'I'm now going to add these to the ones you're already carrying in your
cunt-bags.' He did so and made sure only about one and a half inch was left
outside.

'Since these candles are my gift I'm now going to light them. And you better
hurry to get to the bar with them burning, and you better make sure that the
other candles don't catch fire, otherwise your friends in the bar would surely
be very angry!' he said laughingly.

The girls turned around and moved in the strange way that made sure they didn't
lose the candles while going back to the bar. They heard loud yelling,
screaming, laughing behind them.

When finally they walked through the open door of the bar their cunts had
already gotten very hot. So they hurried to ask one of the guys to extinguish
the candles. Marcello hurried to get behind the bar to fetch a bottle of a clear
liquid but when he poured some of it over Miriam's candle to 'extinguish' it
there was a big tongue of flame that burned her pubic hairs completely within
seconds. After this he leaned forward and blew out the candle. Then he moved
over to Barb.

'You surely would like me to do the same'

'Nnn... Y... yes'

'I know. Good girl' Marcello said caressing her cheeks again. The peak of the
flame almost touched her cunt now.

'But maybe we should let the candle burn your pubic hairs away from your
twatty-twat?' Barb just looked pleadingly at him.

'If you really want the flames to be extinguished you should do this yourself.'

Barb looked puzzled.

'Close your legs' Barb hesitated.

'Do it. Now!' She almost jumped when the flame was pressed out between her
thighs.



'Well, that's it. Now, I hope you enjoyed your stay at the shop. Especially the
owner is a close friend of mine.'

'I... we liked the guys very much they were so kind and nice,' Miriam forced
herself to say.

'So! they were kind? and nice?'

'Uh... mmmh yes they sure u were...' Miriam said hesitatingly not knowing what
Marcello had in mind.

'And who the fuck did tell you bitches to have fun at the shop? Would you please
tell me?'

'... nobody'

'So! And why do you look so fucking happy, you cumfaces?'

'...'

'Let's get it clear we sent two of our bitches off to get us some candles to do
our friend Barb the favour of removing her ugly pubes. I think this is only
fair, we do all the work to make you gals goodlooking fuckmeat, so I think you
really can get the candles on your own. Am I right?'

'...'

'Am I right cum slut Miriam?' Marcello asked pinching her still sore twat.

'Sure, you're right my beloved Master!' Miriam screamed.

'And what do our friends do to thank us? They go shopping and rather than buying
candles and coming back right away, they waste our precious time because they
prefer to whore around and beg some other guys to let them suck their cocks. Am
I still right? Did you beg them to let you suck their cocks?'

'...'

'One more time cunt, did you bitches ask these nice guys to put their tasty
cocks in your filthy fuckmouth?'

'I...' Miriam started then her voice broke in tears.

'That's no answer. Lay down!'

Miriam tried but couldn't move. She saw Marcello gripping the bottle and a
lighter again and her eyes grew wide with fear 'You... yes we...'

'Too late. Lay down and don't make me say it twice.'

Miriam actually fell on the floor but the effect was the same.

'I'm now giving you this bottle. You'll pour some of it on each of your nipples.
Then you'll light a flame on each of them. And you'll keep them burning by
pouring some more over the flames as soon as they're about to go out.' He handed
Miriam the bottle and waited till her trembling hands had poured some on each
nipple. 'Light 'em up!' he said and gave her the lighter.

She hesitated and finally obeyed but obviously the dose of spirit was not
enough.

'Fucking cunt' he said kicking her between her legs which caused her to writhe
in pain. 'Pour some more fuel and set them aflame faster this time!'

So she miserably poured more alcohol over her tits and this time she managed to
start two nice flames.

'Now while paying attention to keep the flames on, start asking us to shit on
your tits to extinguish the flames!'

Before doing so Miriam had to pour some more liquid. Until then the flames had
only dried and burned the cum her tits were still covered with, but soon they
would burn her tits. So she started in earnest: 'I... I'm sorry to bother you
gentlemen, but would someone be kind enough...' she let off a groan of pain...
'be kind enough to shit on my tits so that the flames will go out?'

The guys circled around her, mockingly acting like true gentlemen and uttering
comments like

'Shit on her? How disgusting!'

'These flames could burn my ass,' and so on. Meanwhile the flames started to
burn her tender tit-flesh. 'Shit on me, please I need it really urgently
please!'

'Maybe this bitch would offer something for this favor?' one of the tourists
asked. 'What would I get if I crapped on your slutty tits?'

'Anything you want' was Miriam's answer, she sure wasn't at her brightest after
all what happened.

'Everything?'

'Anything you want!!! but extinguish them!' Miriam almost screamed while still
keeping the flames burning herself at the same time.

'Ask me to spank you, then.'

'Please, Sir, if you'd shit on my boobs you could spank me, beat me anywhere you
want. You can even... I don't know...'

'May I also spank your tits?' Miriam hesitated again he couldn't mean... she
looked at him pleadingly... he could and did and it took only a few seconds for
a searing pain to shoot through her left tit. He laughed as they heard her say
'You can spank my tits, my cunt, any place you like, to but please shit on me!'

He slowly unzipped his trousers and lowered them, then he stood over her, her
body between his legs, knelt down and evacuated a turd over her well curved
juggs. The shit sizzled a little and then the fire went out. 'Smear the shit all
over you! I want you to look like the dirty shit-eating slut you are'



'Maybe our friend here wants to tell us about her and Barb's misbehaviour,
before you start spanking the shit off her?' Marcello asked in a purring voice.

Barb now took pity on Miriam and answered 'We couldn't help behaving like the
fuckholes we are. We came in and asked them to piss on us but they didn't want
to, the only thing we could get from them was to let us lick their piss off the
floor. And then we asked them to cum on us so you wouldn't notice.'

'Good girl, so what would you like for punishment?'

'I... I would like to keep the darts stuck in me. And maybe... maybe you could
heat them so they burn the holes they're stuck in.'

'Good suggestion. That sounds nice.'

'Now, as Miriam needs her punishment too and you still have this ugly hairy
cunt, I suggest we do it this way: you Barb lay down on the floor. Miriam stands
above your cunt with a burning candle in her cunt. She sure will like to
remember the feeling,' Marcello broke into laughter, 'the wax will drip onto
your hairy cunt and you will tear off the wax-lumped pubic hairs. During that
time Miriam will get her tits spanked and after that the final touch will be a
whipping between your cunts and giving each one her share. Questions anybody?'

Since there obviously were no questions everybody that was involved in this game
took position. Barb lay down. Miriam stood above her and got a burning candle
stuffed into her cunt. She hoped the wax would be sufficient for Barb. Marcello
stepped aside and the tourist, who told them to call him James, stood on
Miriam's left side.



The game began. As Miriam's tits were still bright red, the pain must have been
heavy. At least judging from by the hitherto unknown peaks Miriam's voice
reached. The wax was dripping fast and Barb was kept quite busy removing it
along with her pubic hair. And James seemed to enjoy his job; he spanked
Miriam's tits furiously.

When no hair was left on Barb's twat they decided to leave the candle burning
until the flames reached Miriam's cunt again. So they all just stood there and
waited. Finally a scream from Miriam announced that the candle had burned far
enough to make the flames heat her pussy. They waited five minutes more before
blowing the candle out.

James hurried to get a whip.

'Wait, wait a minute my friend,' Allessandro said putting his arm around James's
shoulders, 'why don't we ask another one of the ladies to do the work for us?
How about you Jana?'

Jana walked over to them.

'Jana, my dear friend,' Allessandro said groping her cunt and starting to
finger-fuck her, 'your slutty friend-bitch misbehaved again. Would you like to
punish her. My arm still hurts from all the whipping I gave.' He pinched her
outer cuntlips making her want to scream.

'I think this was meant to be yes. But to make it more comfortable to you I
suggest you fuck yourself on my finger while you whip these sluts' pussies.
Would you like to?' Ashamed, Jana nodded her agreement. The scene that then
started to take place was really a sight. Jana with her hips moving up and down
on Allessandro's finger, Miriam standing above Barb's body and sometimes jumping
as the whip hit her cunt, and Barb lying on the floor trying to avoid direct
hits to her cunt.

After some time they heard the door but none of the girls dared to throw a look.
It were the guys Barb and Miriam had already met at the shop who came over to
watch the show. When they saw the trio they started to laugh. 'Enough recovery,
sluts, get to work again!' Jana stopped whipping and Barb stood up. 'There are
some guys who're looking for a nice warm hole to stick their dicks into and I
thought it would be a pleasure to you gals to serve them.' They didn't move as
they saw the guys with their cocks in hands who cheered and argued who should
fuck which hole of whom of the gals. After some time it was again George who got
over to the girls and gripped Barb by her neck 'George please nooooo. You
..I..You know I always loved you, please don't make me do this...I...I just
can't' For some time they stood there and Barb looked pleadingly into George's
eyes. After a short moment that seemed like eterneties to Barb she raised her
hand to caress George's cheek as she saw his hand raising in a tender manner
too. But when his hand had almost reached her face and her hand had almost
reached his cheek he almost simultaneously kicked his knee between her legs,
spit into her face and slapped her very hard 'Don't you dare to speak this way
to me again, bitch. From now on everytime you want to ask a man something you
will get on your knees with your legs spread and ask whether he's in the mood to
listen to something like you. And to raise your chances to get the answer you
deserve you will expose your tits and offer them to him by your holding them in
your hands. Got it, bitch?' And with that he spit again into her tear streamed
face. 'Now ask some of these nice guys to shove their adorable dicks up your
shabby-slutty holes!'

On trembling legs Barb was now led over to the crowd of guys that has just
stepped in from the shop. She almost fell on her knees and did even spread her
legs but she forgot about her tits and so just when she was about to ask the
guys in this humiliating position George's belt hit her directly at her still
sore cunt before he started to whip the tender sites of her tits 'Didn't you get
it, bloody bitch, offer your tits! You won't get fucked this way, so be a little
more at pains to get fucked and for your tits actually look ugly as white as
they still are you really should squeeze them hard to get a little color onto
your milk bags' He stopped beating her and she hurried to get her hands under
her tits and when she squeezed the sore flesh as she was ordered she couldn't
help but let a little moan of pain escape her lips. 'You hear this cunt moaning
as she get off on the tit squeezing?' George laughed. Barb didn't have to wait
too long before two guys started penetrating her. One of them fucked her mouth
and the other one changed between cunt and ass to avoid her getting too
comfortable. George left Barb with the guys after he had encouraged them to use
her without scruples. Depending on the point of view the next hour was heaven
and hell. Hell, would surely been the answer if anybody had cared to ask Barb,
but as for nobody did, the answer of the guys prevailed and their answer sure
was heaven. Heaven because they fucked the hell out of her and enjoyed every
inch of her body.

'Alright, stop relaxing bitch! There's work to be done.' George yelled. But he
obviously got already used to treat his girlfriend like a slut. 'James, come on
let's get ourselves some nice pictures to remind us what a nice holiday we had.
Barb, come over here and take position!' Barb hurried to him and almost fell on
her knees, spreaded her legs and lifted her boobs with her hands, you could see
how degraded she felt, doing all this in front of her boyfriend. The thought
rushed through her mind how their trip to Italy had begun and when she faced
what a nightmare it had gotten she would have felt even more despaired but she
still thought it couldn't possibly get any worse. We'll she would be taught
otherwise soon. She was shortcut by the FLASH! of James' camera. 'Nownow,
Barbie-doll, you should spread those legs a little further we can't even see
your cumhole. And you should smile some more. Otherwise it would look as if you
didn't enjoy your posing' George said laughingly. The other moment he started
smacking Barb's cheeks and boobs furiously. FLASH! James took about twenty pics
of this scene.

'Ok, let's continue with that later on, you sure want to have pics of all the
girls not only of this slut only.' Allessandro called 'I think it's darting
time!'

George spit into Barb's face one more time and watched the spittle run down her
cheek and slowly dripping on her left tit. Then he took one of her nipples and
said to Barb 'you know what was the real reason to let me keep a relationship
with you?' Barb slowly shook her head and then looked at his face with fear and
maybe the few hope that had remained until now. 'Well, first it was because of
your lovely tits and for you didn't object to anything I asked of you but then
you refused to let me spank your ass.' He paused and looked at Barb with
interest what her reactions would be like, but as she didn't show any destinct
reaction he continued 'now, exactly that evening I first saw your sisters. I had
just stepped out the door when they got home from some party or so' George now
seemed to remind every detail of the story he was telling. He had started to
wank himself and to play painful games with Barb's nipple 'you know, this was
about two years ago and they were still teenies. But it really gave me a hard on
to see their boobs almost popping out of those tight tops they wore. And
especially Joan already had the hips and the ass of a woman. Well, to keep it
short: next time I rang at your door, Joan opened the door, but told me you
wouldn't be home. She was about to close the door when something inside me made
appear the pic of her hips and boobs of that other evening before my inner eye.
She tried to resist but one punch into her stomach made her stumble backwards
and within seconds I had closed the door behind me. For some moments she just
laid there sobbing from the punch and then she realized it was me . You know, I
always enjoyed that moment before the real rape starts. You just look at her.
Let your eyes rest on her body. Enjoy the horror in her eyes. Enjoy the
desperate moves of her arms trying to protect. You step closer til you can feel
her breath and smell the fear in it. This time it was very special I ran my
looks all over her body and she followed them maybe still hoping I would leave
after that. Then I reached forward to touch her face. She arked backwards but
couldn't avoid my touch. I ran my fingers over her cheeks and then down her
neck. I played with her decollte for sometimes. Now the tears started to roll
and made her look even more sexy. So I hooked my finger into her top and moved
them. She breathed out every time my fingers got out of her top and held it
every time it slipped into again.' By now James had taken some of Barb's hair
and wanked himself with it. 'You could really see the relief at her eyes when my
hands moved away from her decollte. But when my hands gripped the underbase of
her breasts she tried to scream and her scream really teared me from the kind of
trance this rape had me gotten into. I smacked her face like yours and threw her
into her room. She tried to scream again so I took the first thing that was at
hand and stuffed it into her mouth. First I thought I would rape her right away
but then I changed my mind. I decided to let the sister suffer from your
refusal. I tied her hands and legs with something I first thought were
pantyhoses but then I realized it were some stockings. The thought of a fifteen
year old girl wearing stockings gave me an additional thrill. I turned her
around so she laid on her flat belly and spanked her ass. I must have spanked it
quite long cause when I stopped it was bright red. Then I turned her around and
spanked her tits. Man this was great! Ever spanked the tits of a fifteener?'
George looked around and the boys shook their heads. 'I can tell you it was
great. Well, then I fucked in every hole. I even made her suck me off. But she
tried to bite me. I don't think she did that ever again. So in the end you came
home and I acted as if I would have waited for you and kissed you hello. I left
your sister all tied up in her room and later as I went to the toilet after
fucking you missionary style, I heard her sobbing. This made me horny again and
I wanked off at the toilet.

Next time it was Patricia's turn it went almost the same way as with Joan. Only
that I added pussyspanking. I just cut off the ballends of her hairbrush . Man,
her cunt looked as if it has been painful afterwards. Glad I wasn't the one to
feel it' George and the boys broke into laughter. He now was playing with Barb's
tits again and held a lighter in his other hand. 'Well, I rape them since then
and girl I can tell you it wouldn't have been that easy if I wasn't your
girlfriend. Everybody knows I am, so I had no problems getting a copy of your
keys. The guy, who made it at the shop even grinned and wished me pleasureful
nights. Well, I had them. Fucking your sisters, playing games with them. Oh, my
newest invention was to take pictures and videos of your sisters and put them on
the net. You wouldn't expect how many people like to see those stuff. And then
there was this party, when you were on your trip to India. I had planned it for
almost one month! You know was really a hard decision who to invite and what
your sisters should wear. But the guys reactions shew they appreciated my
choosing.' He had started moving the flame to and fro her boobs. 'Can you
imagine Joan's sweet face sprayed with the cum of more than a dozen men? It was
really a sight! So, Barb, til then there was only this reason for me to keep
you. But now, I think things changed enough to say, now I got a new kind of
relationship to you. And I like it even better. I think it's always good if both
partners do their best. In your case this isn't that much but you at least do
for a cheap hole. By the way, back in England it like to meet some of your
friends. Especially Bianca seems to be made for that kind of fun, you sure
understand, the guys slowly get bored of your sisters, they need new meat on the
board. So that's why I sticked to fuck your ugly twat, pussy' And to stress the
degradation he pissed all over Barb and James sprayed his cum on her hair. Barb
was only a shapeless mass of degradation and misery.

'Whoa, thanks for that story, George', Allessandro called, 'that really turned
me on, so let play our little game! Fuckhole get us the darts! And then join
Barb and...' he looked around to choose a third victim 'and Julia sitting on top
of the bar.' With that Marcello whispered something into Allessandro's ear. And
judged by Allessandros malicious smile it wasn't going to be fun for the ladies.
'Hey, as Marcello just told me our german friends have just decided give us all
their money so we can come with them to Germany. Thank you for that.' The three
girls looked at each other in even deeper despair and the few tears that weren't
cried already drooled down their cheeks. The salty water resolved the dried cum
and piss on their cheeks as the noticed when the tears reached their lips and
had the taste of the hated male juice. Until now they had somewhat at least
hoped that this nightmare would finish when they would be able to leave Italy.
'Now, to keep you from changing your thankful minds, you will give us all the
money you have, your credit cards including the pin numbers and traveller's
cheques if you have those. Furtheron you will write a letter to the hotel that
we enables us to check you out at your hotel. Julia do this even before the
game!'

So miserably every girl went to their clothes and picked up their money and
credit cards. Then they put them on the table and wrote their pins on the sheet
Marcello handed them. On a second sheet Marcello had prepared the letter to the
hotel, enabling him to check them out and take their luggage.'

Right after they signed the paper, Marcello turned to the door saying 'Just wait
for me before you do the darting', and with that he went out followed by another
guy.









to be continued

ideas, comments, questions? email to cuntcream@web.de

ps: i'm always looking for cameltoes pix




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rapelover


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





