BDSM Library - The Truck Driver and the Sub




The Truck Driver and the Sub
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl was infactuated with a nice man and when she was asked if she would like to go on a trip with him, she said yes.  She was told that he would do things like spank her but she thought he was too nice to do anything mean so she agreed to it all.
THE TRUCK DRIVER AND THE SUB

    He was a great looking guy.  Really fit with a nice set of buns.  I was
quaking in my cowboy boots at the sexy site that I thought he was.  I finally
got to meet him and he was not as timid as I thought he would be. 

	After seeing him a few times he asked me if I would like to take a ride in
his truck.  Sure I said.  Well, before you answer, let me explain things.  I am
the boss in my truck.  What I say goes. Secondly, I will tie you up and take my
time to explore you and also spank you.  You will have to agree to be my
submissive bitch. 

	As sweet as he had been, I saw no reason to believe that he could be
otherwise so I said sure.  Knowing that maybe he would spank my ass with his
hand or maybe tie me up.  I was in no way worried. 

	You understand that I will do whatever I want to do to you.  Yes, I said,
giggling at the same time. 

	He told me that he was leaving Cleveland, Oh and would be delivering in
Houston, Texas in three days.  He said that he would have plenty of time to play
with his sub.  I was excited and the idea of being tied up excited me even more. 
He said for me to pack and be ready to leave tomorrow.  He came to pick me up
right on time and I was packed. 

	I had never seen the inside of a truck before but it was roomier than I
figured.  It had a nice sixty inch bunk in it and also had shelves and a small
dresser.  There was even a second bed up top.  I got in and I could walk right
back to the bunk.  The bunk was all nice and neatly made up and I looked up
front.  There was a nice stereo system and a whole bunch of gauges.  I told him
that it was really neat.  He looked at me somewhat funny.  Then he said get in
the bunk and take off your clothes.  Well, I figured he wanted a quick fuck
before we left so I jumped on the bunk and started taking off my clothes.  As
provocative as I could.  As soon as I had all my clothes off, he stood up and
walked back to me.  Then he grabbed my right hand and before I knew it he had
tied it to a rope that was somehow tucked and held under the bunk.  I figured I
was going to enjoy his play so I just left him have the other hand.  Before long
I was tied by both hands and both ankles.  He then produced a set of nipple
clamps.  I had never had a set on before and they looked awfully painful so I
told him that I did not want those things on.  He just looked at me and told me
to quit whining or he would gag me.  I just looked at him in shock.  I then
tried to get out the bindings I was in but to no avail.  He then grabbed my left
tit and pinched it hard.  I yelled but he pinched it again.  It grew and he
attached the clamp.  I screamed.  The smile that came to his face made me
realize that I was in some trouble.  He then grabbed the other tit and pinched
the nipple on it.  Oooouuuuu  I yelled but he just pinched it again.  I again
let out a yell but he again put the nipple clamp on that poor nipple.  The tears
were falling down my face by the time he had both clamps on.  The clamps were
connected to a chain and he connected that chain to a rope that he attached to
the upper bunk.  Then he pulled the rope tight till my breast were cruelly
raised.  It was hurting so much.  I kept pleading with him to take them off,
they hurt but all I got in reply was shut up, you are my sub and I will do
whatever I want to do with you.  You agreed to this remember.  I started to say
something else but he just jerked the chain and made me scream instead.  Now, he
said, you stay right here and have a nice ride.  I have got to get this truck
moving on down the road.  You can't leave me like this?  Another jerk on the
chain and I screamed again. 

    I heard the truck start up and start to move.  I yelled at him to let me go
but he just kept on driving.  He hit a bump going out onto the road and I
thought that my nipples were going to come off.  I screamed and I could hear him
laughing.  Boy, do I ever misjudge men.  He drove down the road it seemed
forever and we hit many bumps and each and every time I would let out a scream. 
Finally he stopped the truck and came back to me.  Now, he said, have you
learned that you will do as you are told and not talk when you are told not to? 
Yes,  I said, please let me go.  Well, I guess I will see what your nipples are
doing.  I bet they are tender.  As he took the first clamp off, I screamed
again.  The pain was extraordinary.  I had never felt any pain like that in my
life.  Then he took off the other clamp and again I screamed.  Then he took my
left nipple in-between his thumb and finger and pinched it.  I again let out a
scream.  Yep, I guess they are tender.  Guess they are just right for a nice
leather flogger to spank them with.  He reached in front and in his hand was a
leather strap.  It was about ten to twelve inches long and it had been shaped
into a v.  At the end towards the handle was wide about 3 inches then at the end
it was only about a half inch.  He came down with the wide middle part on my tit
and I let out a yell, then he came down with the narrow end and only hit my
nipple and I screamed.  He struck my other tit with the wide end and I again let
out a yell, but then when he came down with it and only hit the nipple, I again
screamed.  He continued to strike each one with the wide end and then the narrow
end for ten times each.  My entire tits were bright red by the time he quit and
I was crying. Those look really beautiful, he said.  I was still crying but he
again looked at me and said well, now lets see what we can do to make that nice
pussy more beautiful to me.  He took the nipple clamps and slid them down to
where they would reach my pussy and said this may hurt but I am sure that you
won't complain.  Will you?  He then took the clamps that he just took off my
tits and placed one on each side of my clit.  I was screaming my head off.  That
a good girl.  Now do those feel good?  I just laid there and cried.  He then
pulled on the chain to make sure it was very snug and almost lifted me off the
bunk.  Well, he said, I got to get going so I will leave you here till I again
get the chance to stop.  I was still crying. 

    He again took off in the truck and I was left crying and every time the damn
truck would hit a bump, my clit felt like it was going to rip.  Each time I
would scream.  I was left there for what again seemed like forever but I guess
it was only about a half hour, till he again stopped the truck.  I bet that
pussy is feeling good by now, he said.  As he reached for the clamp and released
it and the blood flowed back into the area and I again was screaming.  He
released the other but I was still screaming.  I guess they are nice and tender. 
But he had to reach down and pinch them.  OOOUUUUUUUUUU I screamed.  Yep, seems
like these clamps are doing a good job.  He then brought out the leather flogger
again and I begged him not to hit my pussy but he was already swinging the damn
thing.  I was again OOOOOOOOOUUUUUUU, OOOOOOOOUUUUU, each time he brought the
whip down I would again scream.  He brought it down again ten times.  It was
extremely hot.  It felt like it was hot enough to melt.  I was left crying but I
guess he had other plans.  He placed on a pair of nipple rings on each nipple. 
These were the type that was non-piercing.  They really hurt since my nipples
were in such a sore state.  Then he placed about five more rings on my clit, on
each side of my pussy.  I again went to screaming when he did that.  It was so
sore.  He then grabbed my hands and released them from the bindings.  I started
to reach for my sore tit but he grabbed my wrist and again tied my hands up. 
This time together.  Then he connected the rope to the rope under the bunk which
twisted me towards my stomach.  He then undid my ankles and tied them up and
then he flipped me over on my stomach.  When I laid on the rings on my nipples
they hurt.  I was softly crying but had no idea what he had in mind. The next
thing I knew he pulled my ankles apart and was tying them apart and was again
putting on the nipple clamps but this time to hold my ass hole open.  How could
he be so cruel.  I again found myself screaming.  Again the chain was tightened
and it felt like my ass hole was on fire. He told me that he had to make some
time up so for me to hold on.  Like what am I supposed to hold onto?  The truck
again started up and took off down the road and I believe he hit every bump he
could.  I screamed and screamed, this hurt worse than the nipples or the clit. 
It was a long time before he again stopped.  I was starting to become hoarse
from all the screaming I had been doing.  He came back to the bunk and took the
clamps off of  my ass hole.  He had to pinch them to make sure they were tender. 
I was still screaming but I could tell that I was almost hoarse.  He then got
the whip and proceeded to bring it down on my ass hole.  The narrow end would
hit the opening of my ass and I again was screaming.  Tears were falling down to
the pillow under my face. OOOOOOOOUUUUUUUU Again he laid ten whacks onto my sore
tender ass hole.  Well, I just about have you all hot.  I said please let me go. 
Which brought a slap down on my thigh. Did I tell you could talk?  No, I do not
think so.  Lets get this butt hot too.  He again placed the clamps on my ass
cheeks.  One on each side.  But then he grabbed a bunch of clothes pins and
placed those on each cheek also.  I again was screaming when he finally was done
playing with his clothes pins.  The two clamps were again tightened till they
pulled cruelly.  He must have placed about thirty clothes pins on each cheek and
they were causing a terrible amount of pain.  But each time that I tried to move
to ease the pain the nipple rings would move and cause me even more pain. Then
he started putting something in my ass hole.  It must be a dildo.  I was again
screaming terribly.  He pushed and shoved till it began to enter.  All the time
while I was screaming.  My ass hole was so sore and I was not accustomed to
having anything up that hole.  I had never allowed anyone to enter there.  All
to long we drove down the highway with my ass full of clamps and clothes pins.
My ass hole being painfully vibrated.  Each time that we hit a bump it would not
only pull on my clamps connected to my ass cheeks but would also cause me to
move which would cause pain in my nipples.  Before he drove very far, I again
was screaming.  I was so sore.  It seemed I did not have one place that was not
sore. It was again a long time before he stopped.  This time he told me that he
had to get some fuel and he would be gone for awhile.  I could not believe that
he was leaving me here like this.  He did not even close the curtain of the
bunk.  I could then hear someone outside.  They were fueling the truck.  I heard
a metal clang like a metal ladder being pulled and then I heard a laughter.  I
could not see but I heard someone cleaning the windows of the truck.  Here I
laid with clothes pins all over my ass cheeks and someone was cleaning the
windows of the truck.  I was so embarrassed.  I heard some of the conversation
outside and heard, yea, she is tied up and has clothes pins all over her ass. 
Hey, let me see.  I wanted to scream for help but I also just wanted to die. It
seemed that the ladder was being climbed every few minutes and the laughter was
extreme.  I just laid there and cried.   

THE TRUCK DRIVER AND THE SUB	




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Connie Miller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





