BDSM Library - Darla's Gift




Darla's Gift
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman desires bondage and domination from her boyfriend. But doesn't know how to tell him of her desires. So she hatches daring plot to surprize him.
Darla's Gift

     Darla had been married twice before.  Once, she married for young love, and
the second time for security.  Both marriages brought neither.  Both husbands
lacked the same basic skill that Darla was negligent in herself, communication. 
She was too shy and embarrassed to explain to each poor, suffering man that the
reason their sex life was so boring was because she wanted something more.  She
wanted to be dominated, and controlled. She wanted to be bound so her real
inhibitions could be set free.  But that never happened.  Both men felt their
love problems were their own faults. Both men were good men, but both men left
the marriage guilt riddled, feeling that they had failed her.

     When Darla met Stephen, she sensed a power in him that could control her
the way she wanted, and bring the thrill to her belly that she longed for.  But
Darla still lacked the knowledge of words or the verbal skills to explain all
this to him.  This time she promised herself to muster the courage and the
determination to not let this relationship fail.  It took all the courage she
could well up from within herself to deliver that message to him.  She chose to
communicate her desires to him in the most effective way she could, gagged.

     One Sunday afternoon at Darla's house, Stephen was relaxing in front of the
TV, watching a football game, his attention was becoming focused on the tube,
not on Darla sitting on the couch next to him.  She wanted to be romantic, but
Stephen was not taking the usual hints.  She kissed his neck, licked his ear and
put her hand on this thigh.  Stephen kissed her softly on the forehead and said
"Later, dear."  This sent Darla into the next room, determined to deliver her
message loud and clear.

     In the next room, she pulled a small box out from under her bed.  She had
long since given up on Stephen finding this box.  What would he have thought if
he had known he had been sleeping over a pair of handcuffs, a leather collar,
fifty feet of white cotton rope, a gag and a pair of homemade nipple clamps? 
Darla emptied the box on the bed and began to remove her clothes.  Now naked,
she took a piece of paper and scribbled a note in large print.  She then took
the leather collar and buckled it on her neck. She tested it.  "A little Slack"
she thought. She then tightened it one, then two notches. Then she attached to
it a three 3-ft. chain leash.  Next came the nipple clamps.  Each was a  wooden
clothespin with a 1 ft. piece of chain, actually an old necklace, connecting
them.  She carefully opened the jaws of the first one and placed it over her
left nipple and slowly released it.  The pressure on her already hard nipple
sent a shock wave through her chest.  She had done this before when she was
alone.  This time would be different though.  This time, the nipples were hard
with anticipation. This time she would not be able to take them off. This time
she would be at the mercy of, and under the control of...a man.  She then placed
the other clothespin on her right nipple and then taped the note to the chain
connecting them.  Next came the gag.  This was a red rubber ball through which
she had poked a hole and threaded a piece of string. She placed the ball in her
mouth, made sure it fit snuggly behind her teeth, and tied the string behind her
head.  The last step was the handcuffs.  She closed one on her left wrist in
front of her face, making sure it was inescapable, but not too tight.  Then,
placing both hands behind her back, she closed the last clasp on her right
wrist, sealing any chance of turning back.

     Stephen was glued to the TV set. The Cowboys were trailing the Bengal's by
two points with 32 seconds left when suddenly; two thighs, which leapt in front
of him, blocked his view.  					"What the fu__!" he started to say,
until he leaned back to take in the full view of what stood before him. 

     It was the most beautiful creature he had ever beheld.  With her arms
locked behind, her breasts stood out high and firm.  With her nipples squeezed
and hard, they looked ever so inviting.  For the first time in the six months
that they had been dating, he noticed the softness of her shoulders, the gentle
curve of her waist, the roundness of her hips.  Every detail came to life, and
he truly took in her entire body and loved it all.  Never in his life had he
looked so deeply into a woman as this.

     The note had a simple verse and the handcuff key was taped to it.  It read, 	

     "If you love me, please have your way with me.  If you cannot accept me as
I am, then you are free to leave.  If you stay, I ask only that you turn off the
TV and be in no hurry to use this key."

     Stephen used a lot of things that day that were new to him.  He used all
Darla's homemade equipment.  He found and used her box of toys.  He used her
body in ways he had never known a woman could pleasure a man.  He did not use
the key until the long hours of the evening. Darla found pleasure she had never
known she could experience.  She found there was a fine line between pleasure
and pain.  She found what she had been searching for since she was a young girl,
many, many years ago.  Such time wasted.  Such pleasure lost, such memories
never given life.
    
I hope you enjoyed "A Lady in Training" This short story is part of a larger and
more intense erotic tale named "Her Decision A Journey into Bondage."  If you
are interested in obtaining this complete book of a young woman's journey into
self bondage and bondage submission, Click Here :   
http://www.booklocker.com/erotic/69030.html




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  HR Moody


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





