BDSM Library - Slave Auction




Slave Auction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave is taken to a club where she thinks she is to be auctioned off, instead she puts on a show and is given a slave of her own.
Slave Auction
 By SshiiaCat
 
    From the kneeling position in which I am forced to sit,  I press against 
my Masters leg, looking up into his eyes.  I plead yet again.  "Please 
Master, please don't sell me."
      His hand reachs down to tangle through my hair.  "Shut up bitch watch 
the stage.  Your turn is coming to be up there in the spotlight, slave.  
Mmmm, perhaps if I see something I like, I might bid on someone to take your 
place tonight."
    As the different slaves parade across the stage into the spotlight, some 
are forced to perform sexual acts that I find strange and distasteful.  I try 
several times to hide my face in my master's leg or thigh.  Each time he 
grabs me roughly by the back of the neck and forces me to watch.
    I watch girls with girls, girls with animals, girls with several men at 
once and some with black men.  I watch girls strip and put on a show with 
their vibrators.
      With time I began to notice that all the slaves seem to have one thing 
in common.  They were all on the slender side.  Though some were absolutely 
stunning, most were just rather ordinary pretty women.
      I also notice that most of the women wore either a white training 
collar, the collar of consideration, or the collar of intent.  None wore the 
black collar that signified a permanent relationship.  The collar I had 
aspired to and hoped someday my Master would bestow upon me.
      I try so hard to please my Master.  I had hoped that someday he would 
adorn my neck with the black collar, the mark of of a permanent relationship. 
 Yes, I had tried but apparently I hadn't tried hard enough, for he had 
brought me here to this auction house to sell me.
      I am shattered, for I truely love my Master and until tonight I had 
thought that he cared for me.  I want so badly to cry, to howl my pain and my 
fears much like some of the other slaves had, but I don't.  I knew that if I 
did, I would shame my Master and be less in his eyes than I already am.  I 
can't help being. Many things run through my mind as I watch the parade of 
slaves upon the stage.
    Would I have a kind master, or a cruel one?  Would I serve a Dom or a 
Domme?
Would I go to a private house or to a stable?  How would I serve?  As a sex 
slave to them, or to be used by anyone that could pay my price?  Would I be a 
house slave forced to perform menial chores, with no sexual contact at all?  
I try to block these thoughts out of my mind, but they kept replaying over 
and over again inside my head.
      When my turn finally came there is absolute silence.  I am led crawling 
on my hands and knees onto the stage by my Master.
      "Stand up" Master orders. I stand and face the audience.
      Then someone started laughing and someone else started to giggle.  I 
tremble and began to wilt in shame.  My Master yanks the chain hard.  "Stand 
up straight bitch.  Listen to me.  You're gonna put on a show like you 
haven't ever put on before."
    With that he unhooks my leash and steps back.  Handing the auctioneer a 
CD, he said.  "Would you please put that in and play it."
    As the soft strains of the chosen passage, a romantic ballad, fills the 
room my Master orders me to strip.
    Closing my eyes and taking a deep breath.  I begin to run my fingers 
lightly over my face and across my lips wetting them.  Trailing them down my 
neck.  Down my cleavage then over the material.  I cup my breasts and tease 
at the nipples.
    Running my hands back up.  I begin to unbutton the blouse.  One, two, 
then a third.  The top of the lacy black bra showing.  Bending my head 
forward I lick my cleavage.  I hear someone in the audience suck in their 
breath, as if in amazement.  Then with a small smile of satisfaction, I 
continue unfastening the rest of the top.   Slipping it off my shoulders I 
tossing it away.
    Again I touch my face and lick my fingers.  I run my hands down and cup 
my breasts through the bra.  Flicking my thumb nails over my nipples, I tease 
them into taunt hardness.
    Slowly, I unhook my lacy black bra and cup my large breasts.  Catching 
them before they can escape and hang down to my belly button.
    I raise them up showing the erect nipples.  Then place the right tit in 
my mouth.  I begin to suck the nipple while pinching and pulling on the other 
one.
    I bite my nipple, rolling it around getting it even harder, feeling it 
swell in my mouth.  I take it out and it is bright red and extremely hard.  I 
do the same to the left one.  Then leaving them to dangle, I shrug out of my 
bra and toss it to my Master.
    Wetting my fingertips again.  I trace my hand down to the top of my 
jeans.  I unsnap the snap and pull down the zipper.  Slowly, I begin to slide 
my jeans down.  Turning to the side, I allow a large expanse of hip to show.  
Then turn around to let my jeans slip off my ass.  I run my hands over my 
ass, liking the feeling of how firm it is for my size.
    Bending over showing my ass and a little peek of my pussy.  I slip the 
jeans off my legs and toss them aside.  Standing back up, I turn around.  
Tossing my hair out of my eyes, I begin to run my hands all over my body.
    Licking my fingers.  I trace glistening trails of wetness over and around 
my nipples, stomach and belly.
 
 *  *  *  *
 Debasement
 
    "Now for those of you who are into this like I am, my slave has been 
taught how to debase herself for your pleasure.  Haven't you slave?"
    "Yyes, MMaster."  I stammer.  "Pplease MMaster, please don't make me do 
this."  I plead.
    "Silence!  You will do as I say."  He brings the riding crop he had in 
his hand down across my ass hard.  Leaving a small red welt.  I squeal in 
pain and clamp my lips shut.
    "Now bitch tell me what you are.  Tell the audience what you really are."
    Looking up directly into my Masters eyes.  I open my mouth and say.  "A 
pig, Master.  A fucking, cum hungry, fat sow.  A cock hungry whore, Master.  
A milk cow."  I went on as I fondle my nipples and pull at them.
    "A worthless fat slut.  Good for nothing, except to be used and abused.  
To suck cock and to be fucked, Master."
    I could feel myself starting to get excited as I went on.  I felt my 
pussy start getting damp.  As if sensing that I was excited, my Master 
decides right then and there to apply the nipple clamps.
    He steps up to me.  Taking my left tit in one hand he commands me to suck 
on the right one.  I do as I am commanded.  Sucking and biting it into taunt 
hardness once again.  He attaches a pair of nipple clamps and gives them a 
little tug.  I moan softly, partly in pain partly in pleasure.  He reaches 
between my legs and gives my clit a little squeeze.
    "Down on your knees."  He commands.  I do as I am told.
    "Suck my cock you worthless bitch!"  He commands me. 
    Opening my mouth, I obey.  Taking just the head into my mouth and sucking 
it.  Then spitting it out, I begin to lick his balls.  Knowing that he enjoys 
this.
    As I lick, he begins to spank me lightly with the riding crop on my ass.  
Rubbing it between my cheeks and down onto my pussy.    I take his balls one 
at a time into my wet hot mouth.  I begin to lick and suck very gently 
rolling them around on my tongue.
    "Tell me how it tastes slut."  My Master commands.  "Mmmm, good Master.  
All warm and salty.  I love how you taste Master."   With that I lick up the 
base of his cock to the tip.  I run my tongue around the tip teasing lightly 
at the hole with the tip of my tongue, then licking off the pre cum.  I begin 
working my way down.  Sucking more and more of his cock deep into my wet hot 
mouth.
    He pulls away and I whimper.  Eyes wide and puzzled.  
    "You want my cum, don't you bitch."
    "Yes Master, I do."
    "Well you can't have it...yet.  What are you, tell me you bitch. What are 
you?"
    "A sow Master.  A fucking fat, cum hungry, worthless pig.  A slutty 
whore."
    "MMMMmmmm, yes you are, and what do you like?"
    "Ooooohhh, to be fucked Master.  To be used and abused.  To be forced to 
do things."  
    "He continues to spank and caress me with the crop.  Getting me wetter 
and hotter.  Walking around behind me, my Master enters my now soaking wet 
pussy with one easy thrust. 
    "Ooooohhh!"  I moan, rocking back into him.  "Yesss!"
    My tits brush against the floor as he grabs me by my hair.  Thrusting 
into me over and over again, until we both cum.  Right there on the stage, in 
the spotlight for all to see.
 
 * * * *
 Intermission
 
      From somewhere in the audience a female voice shouts, "I'll give you a 
thousand for her."
      "Two thousand!"  A male voice shouts. "Two thousand four!"  Another 
voice cried.  Master took the auctioneer's mike and spoke into it.  "At this 
time this slut is not for sale.  " I breathe a sigh of relief until he adds, 
"she will be back later to put on another show."  Clipping the leash to my 
collar, Master gathers my clothing and then helps me to stand.  Master leads 
me naked from the stage back to his table.
      Dropping my clothing onto the table Master sits down and I kneel on the 
floor beside him.  Leaning against his leg for support, I continue to shake 
and tremble with the aftershocks of a powerful orgasm.
      Master, pleased with my performance calls a waitress over and orders an 
ice cream drink for me and a beer for himself.  Before sending the waitress 
away he asks me if I am hungry.
      Yes, I was hungry and I told him so.  Master orders a munchie sampler 
for us to share with ranch dressing and shrimp cocktail sauce for dipping.  
When it arrives Master takes the cheese sticks.  He gives me the jalepeno 
poppers and we split the onion rings.
       I had been the last female of the evening, now it is time for the male 
subs.  I watch as I eat and sip my drink.  Partly in fascination and partly 
in revulsion as a parade of male subs took the stage performing much as the 
females had.
      Men with other men, giving blow jobs, rim jobs and having anal sex. Men 
being dominated and used by their Mistresses, men with animals. I have never 
seen anything so bizarre before.  I am almost starting to enjoy it, until 
Master stands up and leads me crawling back up onto the stage.
 
 * * * *
 Dressing The Sub
 
    Taking the mike again from the auctioneer Master says.  "Now folks.  To 
show you what a versatile slave this slut of mine is.  I have a little treat 
in store for you and her."  
    With that he walks off the stage.  Leaving me on my hands and knees, 
bidding me to stay right where I am at.
    Coming back, he tosses me a black bag and says get dressed.  Then he 
leaves again.  He returnes shortly with another bag, a chair and a long, low, 
modified table.
    Knowing what is coming, I reach into the bag and pull out the stuff and 
begin to dress.
    Black garters, black fish net stockings.  Another black lace bra.   A 
pair of black crotchless panties, black leather boots and black leather 
gloves.  And yes, my strap on.  I lay that aside to wait.
    Soon my Master is back.  I smile softly in appreciation at the beauty of 
the sub my master has chosen for me to dominate.  I love his dark tan and his 
sea green eyes.  As he looks up at me and trembles, I can read the fear in 
his eyes.  Smiling gently, I touch his face lightly with my fingertips.  I 
then lean down to kiss him.
    "He's all yours pet."  My Master says, handing me the leash and leaving 
the spotlight, to take a chair in the shadows.  I reach for the other bag my 
Master has left for me and look through it.  Eye shadow, lipstick, wigs.  
Lacey girl clothing, all the stuff to make someone pretty.  Also nipple 
clamps and other interesting toys.
    Taking out a white corset, I make my sub put it on.  Forcefully giving 
him several hard whacks with the riding crop when he hesitates to long.  
Walking around behind him I lace it up tight.
    I trail a black leather clad gloved hand across my pets ass.   Liking the 
feel of it's firm round hardness, I give it a light swat.  Reaching into the 
bag, I pull out a pair of crotchless lace white underwear and hand it to him. 
 "Put them on pet."  
    Knowing I will punish him, he quickly does as I command.
      I have him kneel on the floor before me and spread his ass cheeks apart 
with his hands while I take a butt plug and lube it up. I spread lube on his 
asshole and gently start to work the plug into his tight anus.
      With the plug firmly in place next came the stockings.  Again lacy 
white and fish net type and a pair of white high heel pumps.
    The blue collar my master has on my sub no longer goes with my pets 
outfit.  I rummage around in the bag to bring out a rhinestone collar and a 
pair of rhinestone dangly ear rings.  I put these on the sub myself and take 
the opportunity to kiss his sweet lips once again.
    Taking out the eye shadow and the pink lipstick.  I do my pets face and 
then put the blond wig on him.  His hair just isn't long enough.
      Taking out an English cock ring, I take my pet's cock in my hand and 
stroke it into hardness.  Then slip the ring over the head of his cock.  I 
connect the strap and buckle it between his balls.  
      Concentrating solely on my sub, I ignore the spectators and got into 
the role of being a Domme.  I attach nipple clamps to my pet and give them a 
tug while giving a tug to my own.
    I smile to myself as I hear my Master give a grunt of satisfaction.  I 
know I am pleasing him with the things I am doing.  I take a clothespin and 
clamp it onto the head of my pet's cock.   Then taking two very small 
clothespins, I clamp them to my pets balls.  Giving them a slight little 
twist.
    Taking up my pets leash, I force him to his hands and knees making him 
crawl on his hands and knees to the mirror, my Master has provided.  "Look at 
yourself pet, see how pretty you are?"
     I touch his face lightly again and say.  "Stand up pet, I want you to 
admire yourself in the mirror."
    He stands and looks deep into the mirror.  His eyes wide.  "Oh Mistress, 
you have made me beautiful!"
    "Mmmmm no pet, you were beautiful to begin with.  I just enhanced it 
some." I smile. Allowing him to walk I lead my pet back to the center of the 
stage.
 
 * * * *
 Pet Play
 
      I decide I was going to have a little fun with my sub, before carrying 
on with the show my Master had in mind.  Besides I might as well have a 
little pleasure before I was sold.  Who knew when and where I would ever feel 
pleasure again?
      I sit down on the chair and order my pet for the evening, to take off 
my boots and give me a foot a massage.
      He slips my right boot off and begins massaging and rubbing my toes.  
He has very talented hands.  He eased the little ache I had developed from 
wearing the boots for just those last few minutes.  I'm not used to wearing 
any type of footwear as Master believes in keeping me barefoot and naked at 
all times.
      I sigh in appreciation as he removes my other boot and massages the 
toes of my left foot.  I close my eyes for a moment enjoying the sensation of 
his hands.  I wish that I could get an all over body massage, as he does have 
talented hands.
      Pulling my foot away I stand and unclip one stocking bidding him remove 
it. He very slowly rolls it down my leg and slips it off my foot.  Unclipping 
the other stocking I have him remove it.
      Sitting back down on the chair I said, "lick my feet pet."
      He begins by running his tongue from the tips of my toes, up the sole 
of my foot to the heel, then back down.  He sucks my big toe into his warm 
wet mouth and swirls his tongue around it sucking it in and out before moving 
on to the next toe. He continues licking and sucking each toe until all ten 
of them are done.
      Spreading my legs slightly I order my sub to lick all the way up my leg 
and then eat my pussy.  Knowing that he had seen my Master cum inside me 
earlier in the evening.
      He kneels before me and runs his tongue up my leg slowly, stopping to 
kiss my knee.  He runs his tongue up my outer pussy lips, parts them with his 
hands and begins to lap at my clit.  It felt nice wasn't what I wanted.
      "I said eat my pussy slave!"  I spoke harshly giving his ass a swat 
with the crop.
      He yelps and buries his face into my crotch.  He begins to reach his 
tongue deep inside scooping out both my cum and my Master's.
      I moan in pleasure as his talented tongue begins teasing me into hot 
desire.  I know if I allow it he could make me cum.  Leaning forward I caress 
his ass with the riding crop and then bring it around to tap his balls 
lightly.
      I moan again as his tongue again sought and found my clit causing me to 
squirm in my chair. It is time to stop before he drove me to the point of no 
return. Pushing him away I stand and walked over to the black bag.  I pick up 
the strap on I had sat beside it earlier.
      I step into the harness, wriggle it up over my hips.  I adjust the 
straps pulling them tighter, so that the plastic phallus jutted out proudly 
erect, like a real cock.
      I walk back over to my sub and stand in front of him.  "Suck it slave, 
suck your Mistress's cock.
      He opens his mouth readily and takes the plastic shaft into his mouth.  
He sucks it like it is a real cock, rolling it around in his mouth.  I wonder 
briefly if he had ever done this for a man, he is that good.
      I thrust into his mouth raping it like a man would, over and over till 
I had enough. After all, I'm not getting any pleasure out of it.  I pull away 
and taking up the leash I lead him over to the table.
      "Stand." I order.
      My slave stands and I bend him over the table.  Fastening his wrists to 
the two eyelet's on either end of the table, I then kneel to fasten his legs 
to the table legs.  I then remove the butt plug.  Taking the shaft of my cock 
in one hand and putting the other on his shoulder, I ease myself into his ass 
and begin thrusting.
      I could tell my slave is excited for he pushes back against me wanting 
the cock deep inside his bowels.  I reach around and stroke his cock, feeling 
it's hard length jutting out in full fledged excitement.  I feel the leaking 
of his precum and decide to be kind.  I remove the clothespin I had clipped 
there earlier.
      Also, in a fit of generosity, I remove the two clothespins on his 
balls.  I know that my pet is going to cum in a matter of moments.  His moans 
echo loudly through the room.
      I slap his ass with my hand as I fuck him and warn him in a menacing 
tone. "Don't you dare cum until I allow it.  In fact slave beg.  Beg me to 
allow you to cum."
      "Please Mistress," he gasps.  "Please let me cum.  I beg you to allow 
me to cum Mistress."  He pants, his breath coming in ragged gasps as he 
begins to sweat.  His hips jerking helplessly.
      "Cum you worthless peace of slime, cum for me now."  I command as I 
thrust into him again, my hand continuing to milk his cock.
      He cums, his hard grunts and groans were music to my ears as I catch 
his cum in my hand.  Withdrawing from his ass I walk around in front if him.
      "Look at this mess.  Just look at what you did in my hand.  You're such 
a dirty little pig.  Clean it up."  I order.
      He laps the cum from my hand, sucking and licking each finger till it 
was clean. When he is finished, I unfasten him from the table.  Then removing 
my strap on I push him to the floor and mount his face.  I order him to make 
me cum.  I push down onto his face, grinding down, riding it hard as he 
tongue fucks me.
      I ground my clit down onto his nose.  Hearing his smothered gasps as he 
fights for air while he licks and sucks my cunt.  It takes me less than five 
minutes till I'm ready to cum.  When I do, I scream, my juices flooding his 
face.
      I gasp and tremble, feeling slightly dizzy as I slowly stand up.  Then 
I help my pet of the evening to his feet.
      Master joins us on stage as the lights came on.  I hear an excited buzz 
from the audience and stiffen knowing that this was it.  Knowing I would now 
be sold.  But, to my great wonderment and surprise, Master takes the mike 
from the auctioneer and reachs into his pocket.  He pulls out a long leather 
case.
      Speaking into the mike he looks directly into my eyes.  "You have 
pleased me well this night pet.  Even though you thought you were here to be 
sold.  You still did your best.  You didn't scream.  You didn't cry.  You 
didn't rage.  You showed me your courage and you performed.  I am proud of 
you tonight pet."
      With that he opens up the case and takes out a gem studded black 
leather collar.  I gasp and begin to tremble as he holds it up for all to see.
      "Tonight pet, as I place this collar around your pretty neck.  It 
signifies that you are truly mine."  He said, then hand the mike back to the 
auctioneer.
      Shaking, my knees threatening to buckle, I lift the heavy curtain of 
hair from my neck, as He placed the collar around my throat. Taking a tiny 
lock from his pocket he locks it into place.  Showing me the key he said.  
"You're mine....forever."  With that he tosses the key away over his shoulder.
      I sob, tears of happiness streaming down my cheeks.  I turn to him and 
impulsively throwing my arms about my Masters neck I kiss him.
      "Happy pet?"  He whispereds, as he kisses me back.
      "Yes Master" I smile, eyes shining.
      Master chuckles softly and said perhaps.  "I should buy you a gift, to 
celebrate this evening."
      "A gift Master?"  I ask in puzzled.
      "Well I did see you thoroughly enjoying yourself with that sub, I chose 
for you."
      I blush and replying.  "Well Master, he does have very talented fingers 
and uhmmmm, a very talented tongue."
      Master laughs then taking the leash from my pet's collar, he clips it 
onto my collar and leads me back to his table.
      The auctioneer pushes my slave out to the front of the stage to begins 
the bidding.  There is a moment of silence before my Master offers the first 
and only bid of eight hundred dollars.
      The auctioneer spends a few more minutes trying to raise the bid.  He 
points out the fine qualities the slave has.  But, apparently no one wants to 
cross my Master tonight.  So I got my gift, a slave of my own to play with.  
Masters one and only stipulation.  He never ever gets to fuck me, nor I him, 
unless Master orders it.
      I can live with that.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sshiiacat


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





