BDSM Library - A Daymare on Kelly Street




A Daymare on Kelly Street
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Harold is just a nice, clean cut, quiet, 19 year old gay boy.   He goes for a walk in downtown Toronto and comes across a street he has never seen before, Kelly Street.   He investigates Kelly Street and ends up in a small bar.   Some problems arise in the bar and although he doesn't know it, Harold is on his way to a life of slavery and including time as a virtual dog.  But where did Kelly Street come from?   Read all the exciting parts to discover the surprise ending.  At least Harold was surprised.
This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street.

By Rob

My name is Harold.   I am 19 years old and gay.   I live in a small two room
flat on Duke St. in Toronto, Ontario Canada. 

I am 6' 2" and weigh in at 160 lbs.   I am not exactly what you might call  Mr.
Atlas, but I don't really look all that bad considering I am underweight.  On
second thought I guess their ain't a chance in hell that anyone would call me
Mr. Atlas.

I am a very submissive type and do not have a lot of friends or acquaintances. 
I have never had a real life sexual encounter with another male, but fantasize
about it all the time.

My most cherished dream is of setting up house with a dominate male partner. 
With me doing the housework, the cooking and the laundry.   Looking after my
man's every need and want.   But of course it is just a dream.   No one is very
interested in a guy like me.

Most Saturday afternoons, for something to do and to get myself out from the
lonely four walls of my flat, I like to go for a long walk.   I will walk for
hours on end.   I love the hustle and bustle of people going about the chores of
living.

Last Saturday I left my flat and walked east along Bloor St.  At Spadina Ave. I
headed south.   I walked all the way down to Lakeshore, stopping for a few
minutes to watch the pigeons on the bridge across the train tracks.  I turned
west and followed Lakeshore to the Princess Gate at the Canadian National
Exibition (CNE) grounds.

I decided to sit for a few moments and rest.   Looking down towards the
waterfront a few people had gathered at the base of the Lancaster Bomber
memorial while others just strolled along the walk way.

I rested for about ten minutes, then got up and headed into the CNE grounds.  As
usual on a warm, summer Saturday afternoon there were plenty of people strolling
through the grounds.

I made my way over to Dufferin Street and exited the grounds under the arch of
the Dufferin Gate.   I walked up to Queen Street and turned right, heading east.  
I hadn't gone very far when I came to a small street that I had never seen
before. 

The sign said, Kelly Street.   But there had never been a Kelly Street there
before.   I looked down the Street but it looked just as old and dilapidated as
all the other streets in the area.

Well my curiosity was up and I just had to see what was down there.   So I
turned right and began to stroll down Kelly Street.

Well Kelly Street didn't look any different then the hundreds of other streets
in Toronto, however Kelly Street was a dead end street.  

It was a very short street and consisted of your typical conglomeration of
attached single family homes.  The kind you will find on just about every street
in downtown Toronto.

I was about to turn around a leave when I noticed a little sign hanging from the
side of one of the houses.   I walked over to get a better look.

It read:

COLD DRINKS
GOOD FRIENDS
GREAT CONVERSATION

Below the G of Great,  there was an arrow pointing down.   My curiosity was
really on fire now.   I followed the direction of the arrow and went down a
short flight of stairs, at the bottom of which I found a door with a little sign
that said, "Cummon in."

I turned the door knob and opened the door.   The interior was dark and hazy
after the bright rays of the afternoon sun.   A rush of cool, sweet smelling air
pushed against me trying to get out as I went in.  Not the smell of your typical
bar or restaurant.   I noticed right away the absence of the smell of tobacco
smoke.

Once inside I closed the door.   My eyes soon adjusted to the darkened interior
and I could make out tables with men seated drinking beer.   There was a bar
against the far wall and I decided that I might as well have a drink, it had
been rather warm outside and I was a bit thirsty.

I walked over to the bar and sat on a stool.   An elderly man got up from one of
the tables near the end of the bar, went behind and came up to ask what I would
like.

"Could I have a cold coke please?", I responded to his, "What'll it be?"

"A what!", he practically yelled at me.

The low hum of conversation in the room instantly died.  The room filled with a
silence so loud I could hear my heart begin to pound in my chest.

My face turned red and I tried to stammer out my request again.

"Ah.. a.. a.. ah.. a.. a.. coke ... please."

The man broke into a fit of laughter.  He laughed so hard tears began to fall
down his cheeks.   Every eye in the room was on me.   I began shaking.   I felt
so centred out.   

I got up off the stool on shaky legs and muttered,  "uh sorry sir,  never mind
.... ah .. I'll .... ah ... go somewhere else."

I hadn't taken three steps when he yelled.

"And just where the hell do ya think yer  going punk?   Ya ordered a fucking
drink and are now trying to stiff me."

"Pete get the door," he yelled.  "Pat, Larry watch this little prick doesn't try
getting out of here."

A young guy, about my age and built like the proverbial brick shit house got up
right away and headed for the door.   Two  other young guys that could easily
pass for Mr.  Muscle headed over and grabbed my by the arms.

The old guy rushed down to the end of the bar, out and around heading straight
for me.  This was all happening in a split second.  I didn't have time to react
or to even know what the hell was going on.

I suddenly became terrified.   Two big bruisers were holding me none to gently
and this crazy old man was rushing at me, his face all red and frothing at the
mouth.  He rushed up and pushed his red face right up close to mine. 

"Trying to stick me fer the cost of a drink, huh punk," he yelled.  Spittle
spraying all over my face.

I opened my mouth to protest but his hand came up like lightning and slapped me.

"Keep yer fucking mouth shut when ya talk to me boy.", he screamed again,
spraying more spittle in my face.

By now I was a shaking, quivering mess.   If the two bruisers had let go I would
have fallen to the floor.   In my state I would not have been able to support my
own weight.  I began to cry uncontrollably.

"Cryin' ain't gonna do ya any fucking good prick."  he yelled again.

"I gonna call the cops and have ya arrested for failing to pay a bar bill.  
That's a serious offence.   Even one o' the weak kneed judges would give ya at
least 2 years."

"How ya gonna like that punk.   2 years in jail, all those horny guys is gonna
make mincemeat out'a yer ass.",  he spat that at me and began laughing.

"Please I didn't...."

"Thwack".   A hand across my face cut that little plea short.

"I fucking told ya to keep yer gob shut when ya talk to me boy.", he spit again.

"Take him over to the table and sit him down boys," he ordered.

The two bruisers dragged me over to a chair and plopped me down.  They each
pulled up a chair on either side of me.  The old guy walked around to the other
side of the table, pulled up a chair and sat down.

"Harry," he called.  "Bring me and the boys a beer."

He sat there just staring at me while he waited for his beer.   A young man with
a limp hobbled over carrying a tray with four tall, frosty glasses of beer.  He
placed one in front of each of us.

"I think we should look at this whole thing in a cool, calm and collected way. 
I ain't gonna make no rash decisions here.  So drink up while we talk about your
attempt to rob my establishment."

I wanted to protest.   I wanted to tell them I never drank alcohol and didn't
want too.  I wanted to  protest his use of the word, "rob".   I hadn't attempted
to rob him or do anything illegal for that matter.  But the guy had me scared
shitless.  

So with a shaking hand I reached out and picked up the beer.   My hand was
shaking so badly that I am surprised I didn't spill it all over the place as I
brought it to my lips.

I took a tentative sip, the bitter, effervescent liquid was cold and
felt good in my dry mouth.   I didn't much like the taste but really didn't have
much choice in the matter.   The old guy and the two lads on either side of me
drained half their glasses on the first mouthful.

"What-sa-matter punk, ya don't like my hospitality.", he sneered.  "Take a man's
size drink o' that beer boy."

Terrified of what would happen if I refused I picked the glass up again and let
it start pouring down my throat.  When I figured I had drunk enough to satisfy
him I placed the glass back on the table.

"That's better punk.  Now tell me why ya tried to rob me.  Ya can open yer mouth
this time."

"I didn't try to rob you sir, I swear I didn't.  I just thought I had made a
mistake and you didn't serve coke here."

The old guy's steely black eyes bore right into me.

"Now tell me boys have ya ever heard such a cock and bull story in yer lives
afore?", he asked no one in particular.

The young guy on my right answered.

"No Charlie, never heard anything like it in my life."  A big smile crossed his
face when I looked at him.

A murmur of agreement went around the room. 

"Have another drink punk," Charlie commanded as he lifted his own glass and
drained it.

The effect of the first half glass was starting to work through my system.  I
had a strange feeling around my lips and a warm glow in my stomach.  Unable to
do anything else I lifted the glass and drained it.   That must have been the
right thing to do, because Charlie gave me a big smile.

"Another round Harry," he called out.

"Well now punk I think I am beginning to take a liking to ya.  Yer a faggot
aren't ya boy?"

The suddenness of that question left me tongue tied for a few moments.

"Ah ....  I am gay, yes Sir," I replied self-consciously.

"No yer not fucking gay, yer a fucking faggot now admit it punk.", he yelled
again.

His sudden changes of mood were scaring me even more.

"I'm a faggot Sir," I said through lips which were fast becoming very numb.

"Ah that's better," he said.  "See all ya gotta do is tell the truth.  Now in
some bars if ya were to admit that ya was a faggot they would kick the shit out
a ya in a flash.   But not here, boy.  No sirree bob, not here.   We is
civilized people here.  We believe in live and let live, don't we boys?"

Everyone in the room answered, "Yes Charlie".

"See, we are a friendly bunch.   Now about this little robbery thing.   Ya know
boy......., by the way what is yer name kid?"

"Harold, Sir," I replied.

Harry arrived back with another round of beer and placed a glass in front of us
all.

Charlie picked his glass up right away and took a healthy swig.   I figured if I
wanted to stay in his good books I better follow suit.   I picked up the glass
and drank a good quarter of the beer, which I thought tasted much better than
before.

"Now as I was saying.   We are starting to take a liking to ya Harold.  There
may be a way for ya to show how sorry ya are for trying to skip out on me."

"Ya would like to make amends wouldn't ya?"

"Ah.... yes Sir, Mr. Charlie Sir, I sure would, Sir.", I blubbered.   I was
having a wee bit of a problem focusing on him.

"There I knew I was right ya are a good, honest lad after all.   Have another
drink there Harold."

I lifted the glass and took another slug.  The glass was now down to the halfway
mark.

"Well, Harold why don't ya remove your shirt.  It is awfully warm in here and
besides I think the guys would really like to see yer manly chest.  We don't get
many lads like ya here."

Now the beer was starting to hit me pretty hard, but not that hard.  I had an
inkling of what was going to happen here.   But I was still terrified of this
guy and all these other guys that were letting him get away with doing this to
me.

So without fanfare or argument I started unbuttoning my shirt.  As I undone each
button the guys in the room began shouting cat calls.  

"Show us some tit there honey."

"Woohoo virgin skin."

"Take it off, take it off."

"Ain't she sweet."

On top of that there were lots of wolf whistles.

I had never felt so embarrassed in my life.  Luckily I had drunk that beer which
seemed to make it easier to get this thing over with.

Once the buttons were all undone I shucked out of the shirt.  I was holding it
in my hand wondering where to put it, when the guy on my right grabbed it out of
my hand.   I went to take it back but he gave it a heave and it went flying
across the room.   A tall man of about 25 or 30 caught it and smiled.

"Now don't that make ya feel more comfortable Harold?", Charlie asked.

What else could I say but, "Yes Charlie, much more comfortable."

"Why don't 'cha chug-a-lug the rest a yer beer there Harold," Charlie posed this
as a request but I knew it was an order.

I picked up the glass and drank the rest of the beer down.   Everyone in the
room gave me a round of applause.   Then I was blinded by a flash bulb.  
Someone had just taken my picture.   I placed the glass back on the table.

"Harold me boy ya know what would really let us know that you are sorry for
trying to rob me?", he asked.

There was no use playing stupid.  I knew what they wanted and I also knew they
were going to get it with or without my cooperation.   I figured I had a better
chance of getting out of this bar in one piece if I just cooperated to the best
of my ability.

"If I were to remove my pants, Mr. Charlie?"

"Why Harold, would you do that little thing for your friends?"

"Yes Sir I will Sir."

"Why not get up here on the table so everyone can see Harold.   That's a good
boy."

With no choices open, I climbed up onto the table.   The beer had gone to my
head and I was having just a little trouble standing straight.  I undid my belt
and then the waist button of my jeans.   Then I slid the zipper down.  I was
just about to slide my jeans down when I remembered my underpants.

Oh shit, my fucking underpants were white with little red kissy lips all over
them.   I liked things like that and bought all kinds of silly underwear.  The
guys took my hesitation as a tease and began cat calling and wolf whistling
again.

The blood began to pump like mad into my face.   It suddenly got very, very hot. 
This was going to be a devastating embarrassment.  But I had no choice, my pants
were going to come down one way or another and I would much prefer I do it
myself.

So I bit the bullet and started sliding them down.   As soon as those cute
little white underpants became visible the room went instantly quiet.   I think
they were all stunned.  That only lasted an instant though because when they
realized what they were looking at they went absolutely crazy.    There were
screams of laughter, hooting, whistling, shouting.   I paid no attention and
concentrated on trying to get the fucking jeans off.  

The beer had made it impossible for me to balance on one leg.  My jeans although
not skin tight are not baggy either.   Getting my feet out of the pant leg was
causing me a great deal of difficulty.  Finally I gave up trying to do it
standing up and sat down on the table. 

As soon as I was down rough hands grabbed the cuff of the jeans and pulled.  
The next thing I knew my jeans were flying towards the back of the bar.

"Is that ok Mr. Charlie?"  I asked quietly.

"Very nice of you Harold, but why not stand up and model those great looking
undies for us.   I am sure everyone would like to see the latest style in men's
underwear.  Did your mommy buy'em for ya?"

Reluctantly I got back up on my feet and let them have a good look.  Then I was
blinded by a flashbulb again.  I wish whoever was taking my picture would stop. 

They started calling out poses for me to take.  I did my best to comply and each
time the camera snapped my picture.

"Ah..  Harold," Charlie called to me.

"Yes Sir," I replied.

"The boys would really be happy if you would remove those silly looking
underpants.   I mean they really are dumb you know.   Why not just slip them off
then you won't feel quite so stupid."

I knew this was coming and had already decided it would be useless to protest. 
I hooked my thumbs in the waist band and pushed down.   As the underwear passed
over my cock it began to rise.  I wanted to stop and pull the underwear back up
but knew I would never get away with it.

I pushed them all the way down to my feet.   I had no problem stepping out of
them.   Charlie grabbed them right away.

"Harold, do you think it would be alright if I kept these as a kind of reminder
of what a great sport you are?", Charlie asked.

"Yes Charlie you may keep them.", I said.

The fucking camera was taking pictures of me standing naked on the top the of
table.   My dick had risen  and was almost fully erect.   I was finding this
whole scene rather erotic while at the same time feeling total humiliation.

"Ah Harold,"  Charlie called again.

"Pat would like to touch your ass and cock.  You don't mind if he does that do
you?"

Oh shit I thought how much further are they going to take this.  I wanted to go
home to my lovely, quiet, lonely little flat.  I had never appreciated it
before, now all I could think of was being back there with the door locked.  I
wasn't given a chance to give my approval.

Pat turned out to be the bruiser that had been sitting on my left.  He got up
right away and made his way around until he was standing behind me.  I felt his
warm hands grasp my hips and pull me back slightly.   He placed both hands flat
on my ass cheeks and began to move them gently up and down my ass. 

I may have been feeling humiliated but Pat's hands felt wonderful and my cock
really hardened up.   Long silver threads of precum began to drip out and down
to the table.  The camera was still flashing away.

Pat continued to rub my ass with one hand while the other slipped up between my
legs and began to massage my balls. 
A moan of pleasure escaped from my lips.   While he continued to massage my nuts
his other hand slid over the hot skin of my waist and made it's way around to my
front.  He gently grasped my throbbing dick and began a slow wank.   The camera
snapped away.

"Harold," Charlie's call penetrated like a kind of echo from far away, getting
louder as it cut a path through the rainbow of colours, passing steadily before
my eyes, as I  swayed in ecstasy.

"Harold,  come down off the table.  Pat will help you.   Larry would like you to
give him a good blow job.  A good faggot like should be able to give a good
blowjob."

I could hear what he was saying but really didn't pay much attention.  Pat and
Larry I presume helped me down.  Larry turned out to be the guy that had been
sitting on my right.  They lay me flat on my back across the table.   Larry made
his way to my head which was hanging over the edge.

When he got to me, he undid his zipper and pulled out a cock that had to be 8
inches long and was uncut.  It was hard and had a smear of precum on the head. 
He brought it up to my face and pressed it to my lips.

I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue to take my first lick at a cock.  The
scent of male musk hit my nostrils and caused all kinds of new sensations to go
charging through my already over excited young body.

After licking that big purple head for a few minutes I stuck my tongue up and
under his foreskin, working my tongue back and forth.  He let out a loud moan
which let me know I must be doing it right.  

Unable to hold off any longer I opened my mouth wide and took the whole head of
Larry's cock into my mouth.  I cannot describe in words how wonderful it felt to
finally have a real, live cock in my mouth.   I had wanted this for so long. 
Had dreamed about it.   Now here in this crazy bar on a street that did not
exist a week ago, a real live cock was fucking my virgin mouth.

As I worked away on that cock I felt fingers playing with my ass hole.  As well
a hand was slowly wanking my dick.  The fingers began by massaging  and rubbing
all around the outside of my rosebud.  

I felt something cold hit my bud.  The finger rubbed it around.  Then without
warning the finger was gently pushed in.   It was a bit uncomfortable at first
but I soon became used to the feel of it.   It moved in and out, around and
around, then a second finger was pushed in.   This one caused a little bit of
pain as it went in, but the other feelings were so wonderful that the pain was
soon just a forgotten memory.

A third finger soon joined the other two.  Again there was a momentary shot of
pain but it soon receded.   The fingers worked away stretching my hole and I
knew why.  Someone was going to fuck my ass.   The sensations I was feeling had
me so turned on I really didn't give a shit.   I just wanted all these great
feelings to go on forever.

Larry's cock was almost sliding all the way down my throat now.   I had got over
the gag reflex and had learned how to breath through my nose.   It all seemed to
come so natural.   I thought I was going to have to have someone teach me all
these things.   But hot damn I was doing alright on my own.

The moment of truth had finally arrived. A pair of strong arms lifted my legs up
off the table and spread them.  I felt a warm body move in between my legs.  
Then I felt the cock head against my sphincter.    The cock gave a little push
and the head slipped right in.   I could feel it there, resting inside my ass. 
It felt so good I wanted to scream.   But the cock in my mouth  muffled the
sounds and Larry gave a moan of pleasure from the vibrations.

The cock head in my ass began to push in further.   It was a bit uncomfortable
at first but there was no pain.  Whoever was fucking me knew what they were
doing.   He went in a little then backed out, went in a little more and backed
out.  He kept doing this until I felt his balls against my ass cheeks.  

He rested for just a second, brought my legs back until they were resting
against his shoulders.  He then began a slow, rhythmic fuck of my ass.  On his
third thrust in he hit something in my ass chute that sent the most wonderful
feelings through my body.  I let out another loud moan which again was muffled
by Larry's cock.

My fucker was now hitting that spot on every "in" thrust and was driving me
crazy.   I had never in my life felt anything that felt that good.   Later I
realized that he was rubbing against my prostate.   I had read that the prostate
could give a wonderful feeling when rubbed but could never have imagined that it
would feel this good.

I was enjoying those wonderful sensations moving through my innards when the
cock in my mouth delivered a surprise.

Larry screamed, "Oh fuck I'm cumming."

My mouth began to fill with his hot seed.   I had never really tasted cum
before.   Oh I had made a tentative taste of my own once when I masturbated. 
But this was a full load pumped directly into my mouth and throat.

The taste was a bit bitter or acrid while at the same time being sweet.   I
wasn't sure if I liked it or not, but didn't have time to ponder the question.  
Larry was pumping the stuff into me by the gallon.  My throat muscles were
having a hell of a job trying to keep up with it and finally failed.

As I swallowed what seemed like gallons, the excess was squirting out around my
lips and Larry's thrusting cock.  I guess the sight of Larry's sperm shooting
out around the cock and my lips sent the guy fucking my ass over the top.

He gave a yell and I felt his hot juice pumping into my ass.  He was still
hitting my prostate and it was enough to start me unloading my own load.  
Whoever was wanking me picked up the pace once I had started squirting.

So I had cum squirting in my mouth, cum squirting up my ass and cum squirting
out my cock.   For my first fuck it was fantastic.   I wondered, just for a
second, if these guys realized that I had been a virgin when I entered this bar.

When Larry pulled his dick out of my mouth I looked up just in time to see Pat
pull away from my ass.   Well at least my cherries had been takin' by two great
studs.

"Well now Harold,"  Charlie said.  "That was quite the show.   I think you need
another beer.   Sit up boy."

I sat up and he handed me another beer.  I really didn't want it, I would rather
of had a cold coke.   I couldn't refuse the beer because I knew it would just
start a whole new round of abuse.

I brought the glass to my lips and took a long drink.   I guess this stuff grows
on you because it really tasted great.  Unless of course it was just that it
tasted better when mixed with the left over taste of cum.

I sat for a minute and took another long drink.   This one tasted even better
than the first.  I noticed Charlie looking at me.

"Developing a taste for the grog I see boy.  Glad ta see ya swilling it like a
man, even if ya are a fucking faggot."  He gave a hearty laugh and slapped my
bare leg.

"Have ya ever had a fuck as good as that one boy?" he inquired.

"Well ah... no Sir Mr. Charlie Sir.   This was the first time I have ever been
fucked.   I was a virgin.", I said sheepishly.

"Did ya hear that boys.   Young Harold here was a virgin.   There ya go Pat ya
got ta take the boys cherry.  Now don't that make ya feel grand.", and he
laughed heartily.

My face of course turned red again.

"Now what about Larry's dick.  That is one handsome tool.   Have ya seen many
biggerin' it?" he asked again.

"Well no Sir, I have never seen another man's dick that close before.   Only in
shower's and stuff at school and the gym.   Never seen one hard before."

"Well, well, well.   Larry," he yelled.  "Did ya hear what the boy just said, ya
got a cherry mouth.  Shit you boys got all the luck today."

"Well he did a pretty damned good job for someone that claims he ain't never
sucked before.   I know professionals that can't do it that well.", he hollered
back.

I just took another long haul from my beer and wished the hell they would let me
go.  This had turned out pretty good, but now I just wanted to go home.

I lifted the glass to my lips again finished off the rest of my beer.

"Mr. Charlie, Sir," I asked politely, "May I have my clothes now and go home."

"What!  Go home, why Harold the party is just beginning and you are the guest of
honour.   We want to show you how glad we are to have met your acquaintance and
become your friends.  Don't we boys?"

A hearty, "Here, Here.", filled the room.

A young lad that had been sitting quietly at the table just across the way made
his way over.   He went to the bottom of the table got between my legs and
started licking my flaccid dick.

"There see, what did I tell you.   The boys really appreciate you Harold.  Just
relax and enjoy yourself.

I had drunk that beer to fast and my head was beginning to spin a bit, so I lay
back down.   I hadn't been there more than a second when a big, fat cock was
presented to my lips.

What the hell I thought, if I gotta stay I might as well enjoy myself.   I
opened my lips and stuck my tongue out.   That fat cock gave a little jump for
joy when my hot tongue touched it.

The boy down between my legs had my dick up and hard.  He had moved down and was
sucking on one of my balls.   I had never even imagined someone doing that to
me.   It felt wonderful.  

He suddenly pulled off my dick leaving it waving in the cool air of the bar.   I
wanted that warm mouth back.   Well a warm mouth did go back on but it wasn't
the same one.  I am not sure how I knew but I did, I guess it was the technique.  
This new mouth wasn't quite as good as the one of the kid.

It didn't take long before I knew why the kid had pulled off my cock.  The head
of his dick was massaging my rose bud.   The kid was about to give me my second
fuck.

His dick was much fatter then Pat's had been.   He pushed the head in slowly and
I felt my sphincter open wide.   It was a bit uncomfortable, but soon adjusted.  
The kid then pushed in a little deeper and a terrible pain ripped through my
intestines.

I didn't have that cock in my mouth yet so the scream of pain rattled through
the bar.    The room began deadly silent and my scream seemed to bounce from
wall to wall.

The shaft of the kids dick must have been huge.   It hurt all the way in and for 
the first few strokes.   I didn't think my chute was ever going to adjust to his
size.  But once it did, the kid gave me a sensational fuck.   He really knew how
to work his cock in an asspussy.

By now I had the other cock all the way down my throat.   The guy was doing all
the work fucking my face.   All I had to do was lick around that huge shaft and
the big purple head as it moved in and out.

The kid was humping my ass pretty wildly now.   He was really turned on, as was
I.  I kept trying to bring my ass up to meet his inward strokes.  Whoever was
wanking my dick had also picked up the pace and I was on the edge of unloading
my nuts.

The kid was the first to start unloading.  I felt his hot seed hitting the inner
walls of my bowel.   That was enough to take me over the top and I began
squirting.  The guy with his cock down my throat took a few seconds longer
before he started to unload his hot sweet cum down my eager throat.

Yes I said sweet.   His cum tasted completely different from Larry's.   I had
thought all cum would taste the same.  I really liked this one and did my best
to catch it all.  

Once everyone was sated the cocks were pulled out, only to be replaced by
another set.   I didn't even have time to see who was next.  

This sucking and fucking went on for the rest of the afternoon.   There were
about 20 guys in that bar and I am sure I sucked all of them and all of them
fucked my ass. 

I was feeling really tired and felt that I had had enough cock to last me for a
life time.   I really wanted to go home.   They say you can get too much of a
good thing and that had certainly happened this afternoon.   My mouth and ass
were both sore, not to mention my poor dick which felt raw from all the wanking.

Charlie finally called a halt to the proceedings.  He forced me to drink another
beer.   My bladder was near to bursting but he insisted that I drink the beer
first.

Once the beer was in me, Charlie had Larry lead me, still naked, to the Men's
room.  Once in the Men's room I headed for a stall and sat down.   Larry held
the door open and watched.   My bladder let go the moment I sat down and I felt
the wonderful contentment that only comes from emptying a full bladder.  

Before my bladder had fully emptied, I gave a mighty farht and felt water escape
from my ass.   The cum!  My ass chute was full of cum and it was now squirting
out.   I concentrated on having a shit and more of the cum shot out of my sore
ass.  When my bladder was finally empty and I couldn't get any more cum to shoot
out I wiped myself clean, got up and flushed.

Larry followed me all the way back to the table, never once in all that time
saying a single word.  I sat down in the chair I had originally been placed in. 
Pat and Larry took up their places on either side of me.

"Are ya feelin' better Harold," Charlie asked solicitously.

"Yes, thank you Mr. Charlie.  May I get dressed an go home now.  I am very tired
Sir.", I asked meekly.

"Oh your just hungry, Harold.  After all it is supper time.  You will feel great
after you have had a nice dinner.   Harry has been busy working his little
fingers off preparing I nice meal for you."

For some reason I didn't like the sound of that, but knew it would be useless to
argue.

"Thank you Mr. Charlie," I responded.

He gave me a big smile and handed me another beer.   Oh what I wouldn't give for
a coke right about now.   But it would seem my wants and desires took last place
to Charlie's.   I took the beer, lifted it to my lips and took a long drink.

Charlie's eyes lit right up.   It really seemed to please him when I took long
draughts of the beer.   Well if it kept him from getting angry then long
draughts I would take.

He started asking me all kinds of questions about myself.   It actually became
quite pleasant, a group of guys just sitting around, drinking beer and shooting
the shit.

A wonderful smell hit my nostrils and I looked up to see Harry making his way to
the table with four plates piled high with grub.  He had three plates balanced
on one arm and the forth in his other hand.   He placed the first plate in front
of Charlie then passed one to Pat, Larry and I.  

On the plate was a huge T-bone steak almost two inches thick.   Mashed potatoes
and gravy with peas rounded off the meal.   Just the look of this meal was
enough to start the saliva flowing.  Harry went back quickly to the bar and
returned with utensils rolled in paper napkins.  

He handed a set to Charlie, Pat and Larry.  Then went back to wherever it was he
spent his time.   The other three dug into their meal with gusto.   Not having
any utensils yet I just sat there.

"Somthin' wrong with the grub Harold?" Charlie asked.

"Ah no Sir it looks great, I am just waiting for Harry to bring me some
utensils." , I replied.

"Sorry boy we only got three sets, guess ya will have to use the utensils ya was
born with.",  he gave a little chuckle and went back to eating.

Damn, so now I was going to have to eat like a slob in front of all of these
guys.  I went to pick up the piece of steak in my hands.   A big rough hand
wrapped around my wrist to stop me.

"What are ya doing Harold?", Charlie asked.

"Well...  ah..  I was going to pick up the steak in my hands Sir.", I stammered.

Something was coming down I just knew it.

"That is a terribly disgusting way to behave in public, Harold.   Don't ya have
any table manners at all?  Well no matter, we are yer friends and we will help
ya to learn.  Place yer hands behind the back of the chair Harold."

I did as I was told and someone came up and tied them together with a rope.

"There that's better.  Now those nasty hands won't be doing anything at the
table that they shouldn't."

He went back to shoveling the food into his mouth.   Now how in the fuck was I
going to eat this scrumptious dinner.   My mouth was watering from the smell and
my stomach was rumbling. 

"Ah, Mr. Charlie Sir," I asked politely,  "Is there a proper way for me to eat
this very nice meal you have provided.   I really don't want to do anything
improper Sir."

"Well now Harold, as punishment for sticking yer fucking hands in yer food ya
can just bend over and eat like the pig that ya are.", he sneered.

Stunned, but starving I bent over and started to eat.   Trying to eat with just
the mouth and teeth is a very awkward experience.   If the steak had been cut up
it would have been much easier.   I tried getting my tongue under the steak to
lift it so I could take a bite.   But it was too hot and burned my tongue.

I know it was sick to be sitting naked in a bar full of guys, trying to eat a
meal just using my mouth.  But what choice did I have.  It was frustrating, and
terribly humiliating having all those eyes staring at me.   I felt like some
kind of misfit.

I finally managed to break off a piece of steak, mind you I had a little
accident in the process.   I had managed to get an edge between my teeth and had
bit down.   Then it was a matter of trying to work ones teeth back and forth in
a sawing motion to break the piece off.   I had almost succeeded and made a side
ways motion to get the piece to break off.  Well it did but the rest of the
steak went sliding towards the edge of the plate.  It slid off, then slid across
the bit of table fell to my lap then to the floor.  I quickly pushed my face
down to try and stop it but missed.  In the process my face went into the plate
and I ended up with grease all over my nose and forehead.   I felt absolutely
ridiculous.

Charlie gave me a terrible look.

"Pick it up pig.", he growled.

Well what else could I do?  I got up off the  chair, went down on my knees and
looked for my steak.   Larry had his foot on it.  I looked up at him and he gave
me a smile.  Tears formed and started rolling down my cheeks.

"Just take a bite out of it Harold, I'll hold it for you," Larry ordered.

With no choice I bent down until my mouth grabbed a hold of the steak and I
ripped a piece off.  I sat up with it in my mouth.

"There ya go Harold, glad I could help.  Now eat up.", he said.

With tears rolling down my cheeks I chew the piece of steak I had managed to
tear off.   My appetite was gone.  The piece of meat in my mouth had become
tasteless.  Larry watched as I chewed.  As soon as I swallowed he lifted his
foot.

I bent over to pick up the steak but before I could get there Larry gave it a
kick and it went sliding across the floor under the table.  On my knees and
without the use of my hands I went after it.

It stopped close to Charlie's foot and he waited 'til I was almost there before
giving it a kick which sent it out from under the table.   I crawled after it.  
Everyone was cheering, for them this was great sport.   Well that piece of steak
started to get kicked all over the place with me following along on my knees.  
Each time I got close someone would give it a kick and send it sliding across
the floor.

"Harold will ya stop playing with your food and get it back on yer fucking
plate.", Charlie yelled.

That was the cue the others were waiting for.    This time the steak stayed
where it was till I got to it.   I bent over and picked up the dirty piece of
meat in my mouth a carried it back to my plate.   Just like a little dog carries
it's bone to its dog house.

I dropped the dirty, grit covered piece of prime T-bone steak onto my plate. 
The other three had finished eating and sat watching me.   Just to be mean, I
think, Larry pushed his knife and fork over beside my plate.   I paid no
attention to the SOB.  I just looked down at my ruined dinner.

I suddenly felt someone undoing the bonds that held my hands behind my back.

"Larry has finished with his fork and knife there Harold so I guess he wouldn't
mind if ya used those.   Would ya mind Larry?",  Charlie said.

"No Charlie I wouldn't mind if the kid uses my utensils.   He is makin' such a
pig of himself it really is sickening.  My dad would have woomped the tar out'a
my ass if I ever ate like that in public."

My face turned red again, but what could I say.  They held all the aces and
could do and say what they wanted.  I knew then that they were going to force me
to eat this meat that had been kicked all around the dirty bar room floor.  I
picked up the knife and fork.   I don't know how I did it but I managed to gag
it all down. 

Charlie handed me another beer.  I took a long swallow to try and rinse out my
gritty mouth.  Took another swallow and put the glass down on the table.

"When will I be able to go home Mr. Charlie," I asked.

"Well boy, seein' as I am about to close up I should think as soon as ya finish
yer beer."

I looked at him in surprise.  I thought he was going to make me stay longer.   I
quickly picked up the glass and chug-a-lugged that beer.   If I'd have known
what was to follow I don't think I would have been in such a hurry.

Harry came over and handed Charlie a bill.   Charlie looked at it and handed it
to me.    It was a bill for all the beer the four of us had been drinking all
afternoon and for four steak diners.   The total tab was $165.25.   I gave a
little whistle and looked up at Charlie.   He had a satisfied little smile on
his face.

"Ya can go up to the bar to pay yer bill on the way out Harold.  Thank ya for
the beer, the diner and the great entertainment.   Ya must come back more
often."

I looked at him with my mouth agape.   I didn't have $165.25 to pay for all of
this.  The trembling began in my feet and quickly began to climb up my legs.  In
no time at all my whole body was shaking.

"Ah... Mr. Charlie ..... ah .... I don't have that much money Sir.   I can't pay
for all of this.", I blurted.

Charlie's face clouded over and went a deep red.  

"Ya little punk fuck.   We was real nice ta ya.   We treated ya like one a us
and now ya are tryin' ta stiff me again.  I aught'a have the boys break every
fuckin' bone in yer fuckin' body.   Boys put this little fucking prick on the
table."

Pat, Larry and Pete rose up grabbed me and threw me face down on the table.  My
wrists and ankles were quickly secured with ropes to the tables legs. 

"Ya have tried to stiff me for the last time boy," Charlie screamed at me.

"Now yer gonna pay."

I was frantic.   Oh dear god how did I get into this mess.   The shaking had got
worse and tears were rolling down my cheeks.  What were they going to do.   I
was shaking and trebling so bad the whole table had started to bounce.

From the corner of my eye I watched as Pete pulled off his belt.   Oh shit they
were going to beat me.

"Charlie, please don't do this.", I pleaded.  "Please don't hurt me.  I did what
you wanted.  I tried to do everything you asked, please don't hurt me.   Charlie
please."

But my pleading fell on deaf ears.   Pete took a up a position to my side.   He
raised the belt and brought it whistling down across my exposed ass cheeks.

The pain was excruciating and I let out a scream.   The belt raised up and came
down again almost on the same spot.   I screamed, pulled and tugged on my bonds,
all to no avail.   The belt raised and came down, again and again.   Pete worked
his way from my ass cheeks up my back, making sure he hit every single bit of
skin along the way.

My back was on fire,  I was still trying to scream with each blow, but my vocal
cords and throat had become dry and raw.   The screams had no volume now and
were just scratchy noises emanating from a gasping mouth.

With each wack of the belt my head would come up then plunk back down.  A
muffled sound would escape my lips.  Finally I slipped off into a peaceful black
void.

I don't know how long I was out, but when I woke up it was dark.  There was
someone kneeling beside me.   I was lying on the ground in what looked like an
alley.

"Hey buddy are you ok?"  the voice came to me from a long distance away.  I knew
the voice was coming from the man kneeling beside me.

"Hey it's ok, your safe.  Just relax you will be ok.", he kept repeating in a
soothing voice.

As I slowly regained my senses, the pain in my back took over everything.  It
was on fire.   I cried and moaned from the pain,  but that stranger just stayed
with me repeating his soothing words.

A few moments later I heard someone enter the alley.

"Has he come to yet," the voice asked in concern.

"Ya," the man beside me answered.

"The ambulance will be here shortly."  The second man announced.

Ambulance!  They had called an ambulance.  Was I in that bad of a condition?  
What exactly had happened to me?  I remembered the belt, but had something else
been done as well?

In the distance I could here the wewah of the ambulance as it approached, the
wewah announcing each intersection that it passed through.

A few moments late it entered the alley. The headlights illuminating the garages
and ash cans and the face of the man that was holding my head.   I looked at his
face and screamed as my world turned to darkness again.

I came to in the ambulance, an attendant was beside me washing me with something
cold.   The rag he pulled away had blood on it.   Oh geesh was I hurt that bad?

"It's ok lad," the attendant said.  "Your ok,  no broken bones that we could
find.  Just some small cuts and lots of bruising."

"Where is Pat," I asked stupidly.

"Pat?", the attendant asked.  "Who is Pat?"

"He was kneeling beside me when you arrived," I said shakily.

"Oh he left right after we took over.   He gave a statement to the police
officer I think."

The SOB he was part of the pack that had hurt me and he had the nerve to give a
statement to the police.   Well I hope the police find them and arrest the whole
lot.  They deserve whatever they get for doing this to me.

The hospital released me that night.  They had to find some clothes for me
because I had been brought in naked.  The doctor said that the next time I
decided to go on a drinking binge I should make sure I had a friend near by to
look after me.

The police officer that interviewed me in the emergency ward at the hospital
gave me pretty much the same warning.   When I tried to tell him about Kelly
Street he just kept shaking his head and saying there was no Kelly Street. 

I left the hospital and started the long walk back to my flat.   When I got to
the door I realized I did not have any keys.   My wallet and keys were still in
my jeans wherever they were.  Oh well, it was still early so Mrs. Jones the
kindly old lady that owned the house would still be awake and I knew she had
spare keys to all the flats.

I rang the bell and a few minutes later the parlour light came on and the door
opened.

"Evening Mrs. Jones," I said.  "I am very sorry to disturb you but I was robbed
and beaten today and I don't have my keys.   I just got out of hospital."  Then
I began to cry.

"Oh deary me, you poor boy.  Now you just get right on in here and we will get
you settled."

Well Mrs. Jones fussed over me like a mother hen.   She got the key to my flat
and up the stairs we went.   She opened my door and asked if I would be alright. 
I assured her I was ok and she went back downstairs.  I closed my door and
turned on the light.

I got an immediate shock.   Lying on the couch were my shirt, genes, shoes and
socks.  All the things I had been wearing.  All that is except my white
underpants with the kissy lips.  How the hell did they get into my flat?

Well of course dummy they had your fucking keys.   I went over and picked up my
genes.  I checked the pocket and found my wallet.  My keys were in the back
pocket where I always carried them.

I opened the wallet and everything seemed to be there.   The $20. dollar bill
and some loose change in the change purse.   My credit card and other cards like
health, Air Miles, Canadian Tire, Zeller's, A&P.   Nothing was missing that I
could see.

I dropped the genes back onto the couch and made my way to my small kitchen.  I
needed a coke.   I am addicted to the damned stuff.  The kitchen is very small
but when you are single like I am you really don't have a need for a large
kitchen.

On the small table under the window was a large brown envelope.  Inside was a
note and some photo's.

Dear Harold;

After reading this be sure to destroy it.   If you have any thoughts of passing
this note on to the police forget it now.  It wouldn't do them any good anyway.

It is most unfortunate that you turned out to be such a rotten fucking punk.   I
really cannot abide thieves.  

You stole $165.25  from me today and my boys recovered $50. of that amount from
your hide.   That leaves $115.25 still to be collected.

You will be contacted and boy, you had better be ready to pay me what you owe. 
The boys were very easy on you today, next time it will be broken bones you can
be sure of that.

How do you like the nice photo's.   My my now wouldn't they cause a sensation if
certain people were to see them?

Signed: Charlie.

I looked at the photo's, 12 of them.   Photo's of me stripping.   Photo's of me
naked.  Photo's of me sucking cock and being fucked up the ass.

I sat down at the table, put my head in my hands and let the tears roll.   I was
going to have to meet with them again.  Oh dear lord don't let that happen I
prayed.

To be continued.

Will Mr. Charlie come back for Harold?  You can bet on it.   Watch for Part 2,
cuming soon to a story site near you.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

Part 2
Return Visit

For the first week after my little misadventure on the non existent Kelly St., I
was on edge constantly.   Every time I went out of my apartment I was afraid
Pat, Larry or Pete would be there to grab me and take me back to Mr. Charlie.

By the end of the second week I had started to settle down but I was still
frightened.  I was constantly looking over my shoulder.   But there were no
signs of Charlie or any of his people.

The third and forth weeks came and went with still no signs and I began to relax
completely.  I figured that Charlie had, had his fun and really didn't have any
intention of bothering me further.

On the Fri of the fifth week I arrived home from work at the usual time.  I went
straight to the kitchen to get me a cold coke.   When I entered the kitchen the
big yellow envelope propped up on the table grabbed my attention right away.

Adrenaline pumped into my system instantly and I began to shake.  Only Charlie
or one of his boys could have put that envelope there.   They must have made a
copy of my house key.

With trembling fingers I picked up the envelope and opened it.  Inside was one,
10x12 glossy print of me sucking a huge dick.  I sat down in a chair, tears
filling my eyes.  I looked into the envelope to see if there was anything else
and saw the small note.

I pulled the note out and unfolded it.  The message on the note made my blood
run cold.

Harold, you know I can not abide thieves and I think they should be punished for
their wickedness.  You are a terrible thief  Harold and you still owe me $115.25
plus interest at 100% per week times 5 weeks equals a grand total of $3,688.00

Now Harold this is getting out of hand.  I want payment for your debt and I want
it now.  At six o'clock Pat and Pete will arrive at your apartment.  You will
hand over to them payment in full.  If you do not have the full amount you will
accompany Pat and Pete.  They will bring you to me and we will have to have a
little chat to decide what we should do about your bad credit.

Signed
Charlie

I just sat there stunned.  $3,688.00.    Where was I going to get that kind of
money on such short notice?  Charlie was the thief not me.  That original debt
was not mine, it was his.  I never agreed to buy all that beer or food.  Well I
was just not going to pay it and that was that.

I sat at the table lost in my misery.  What had I done to deserve being treated
like this, nothing.  Nothing at all.   This man was crazy and I was letting him
get away with it.  Maybe I should just call the police and tell them what was
going on.  Maybe they would catch this guy and charge him with extortion. 

Oh yea, I thought, they are going to charge him with extortion on my word alone.  
They believed that I had been drunk that night I was found in the alley and
dreamed up the whole thing.  They would probably just laugh at me.

I was lost in this train of thought when there was a pounding at the door.  At
first I was a little annoyed at the pounding on my door.   I needed to think,
not listen to some idiot pounding.   I just happened to glance up and saw the
clock.  It was six on the button.
The pounding was Pat and Pete.

I got up on shaky legs and wobbled to the door.  I opened it and there they were
with big smiles on their evil faces.

"Howdy Harold."  Pat said in a friendly manner.  "You got Charlie's note did you
not?"

"Yes." I managed to croak out as they pushed past me into my apartment.

"Well Harold do you have Charlie's money?  He is waiting downstairs in the car."
Pete asked.

"No I haven't had a chance to do anything, I just got home from work." I
stammered.

Without another word they both grabbed an arm and shoved me to the door.   They
practically dragged me all the way down to the car, a big, black limousine.  
They stopped just outside the rear door.  The window rolled down and there was
Charlie.

"So you don't have the money you stole from he huh, punk."  he spat out.

"I didn't steal anything from you, not a thing." I managed through trembling
lips.

"I never ordered a damn thing in your bar.  You ordered it all and you made me
drink and eat.  I didn't steal a coke from you either.  You bullied me.  Leave
me alone Charlie or I will go to the police."

Now for me to get all that out was a minor miracle.   My legs were shaking like
crazy and I felt like I was going to throw up.

"Oh dear, now you are denying your guilt."  Charlie said, shaking his head.  
"That is too bad for you Harold.  Too bad indeed.  Throw the little fucker in
the trunk boys we will continue this discussion at the bar." 

The words were no sooner out of his mouth then the car trunk lifted.  The boys
dragged me around back.

"Please no, don't do this."  I pleaded as they picked me up and threw me into
the trunk and slammed the lid down.

It was dark in the trunk.   I was now scared to death,  my bladder opened and I
pissed myself.  My shaking began in earnest now, I was really vibrating.  Then I
began to feel my stomach revolting.  Without warning I started to vomit.  The
car was swaying through traffic and not having anything to hold onto I was
rolling back and forth vomiting all over everything including myself.

In a few seconds the trunk of the limo stunk from the foul smell of my stomach
contents.  The smell was so bad that it started me retching again.

By the time the car came to a stop and Pat opened that trunk I was completely
hysterical.  I really don't remember much until I woke up hanging by my wrists
from the ceiling in what looked like a jail cell.

My wrists were on fire from supporting my body weight.   The first thing I did
was get my feet under me and relieve my wrist of their burden.  The moment my
feet took over, the fire in my wrists intensified a hundred fold as the blood
went rushing into the compressed areas of my wrists.

I gave a little scream from the pain.  The pain soon subsided and I began to
take in my surroundings.   I was in a fairly large cell, it looked to be about
15x15 foot square.  There was a cinder block wall behind me and cell walls on
the other three sides.   The cell itself seemed to be in a larger room.

On the left, outside the cell there was a large what looked like a doctors
examination bed, with stirrups.  On the other side of that were some cupboards
and what looked like a large sink.

Straight ahead of me, there was a door, which I assumed led out of the room. On
the right was a row of cells built into the walls.   They seemed to be rather
small though.  Enough room for a man to get in standing up.  He wouldn't be able
to move much or sit though.

I have no idea how long I hung there before Pat finally showed up.

"Ah, still hangin' around are ya, Harold."  he gave a little chuckle at his own
cleverness.

"Charlie is really pissed with you.   He is upstairs now trying to figure out
how much pain Pete and I must inflict on your body to get back his money's
worth.  I don't think you are going to like it Harold.   You are going to be
hurting a whole lot."  Pat tormented.

Pat's words started me shaking.   My bladder felt full  and I was afraid I was
going to wet myself, again.  That brought back the memory of my pissing myself
and vomiting all over.

I looked down and saw that I was dry.  I had bits of vomit all over me but it
was all dry.   I must have been hanging here for one hell of a long time.

"How long have I been here Pat?" I asked through trembling lips.

"Would you believe 13 hours," he said, "it is now 8 am.  You spent the night
hung up there.  I don't suppose you were very comfortable."

Thirteen hours, no wonder my wrists and arms were aching.  I was in big trouble
and I didn't know how I was going to get out of it.  Charlie had complete
control, he could do whatever he wanted with me and there was nothing I could do
to stop him.

At that moment the door opened and Charlie entered.

"Ah I see the fucking thief that refuses to pay back his victim has finally woke
up.  Do you see where you are prick.  You are in jail.  Right where thieves like
you belong and you are going to be here for a very long time." he said with a
smile on his face.

A long time?  Oh shit he was going to keep me here.   He was never going to let
me go, that could only mean he intended to kill me.   Now that really caused the
fear to go flying through my body.

"Please Mr. Charlie, I didn't do anything to you.  Why are you treating me so
bad.  I have never hurt anyone in my life.  I have never stolen anything from
anyone, including you.   Please don't hurt me Mr. Charlie.   Please  just let me
go home."  I begged with big tears rolling down my face.

"You sniveling little prick.  You ain't going nowhere.  You are going to be
punished for stealing and then refusing to pay your debt.  From now on you are
going to live in a cage and be treated like a fucking dog."  he paused and
looked me square in the eye.

There was fire in his eyes and I could see that he meant every word that he
said.  That just terrified me even more.

"I am going to make your life a living hell, Harold.  You are going to be taught
that it is wrong to steal.  You are going to be taught that when you have a
debt, you must pay that debt.  To thank me for all the training that I will
provide, you will provide special services to me and my friends."  he paused
again and unlocked the cell door.

He stepped into the cell and walked over.   He stoped right in front of me his
eyes like fire, staring me down.  I could not keep my eyes on his, I had to turn
away.

His hand snaked out before I could see it and he grabbed me by the balls and
began to squeeze.   I screamed in agony but he just kept squeezing, tighter and
tighter.  I felt like I was going to die.  The pain was like nothing I had ever
experienced before.   I could feel my stomach reacting.  I was going to vomit
again.

I felt the heave lift from the pit of my stomach, but nothing came out.  I
heaved again, with the same result.   I was dry heaving,  then I realized it had
been almost 24 hours since I had either eaten or had a drink.   I had vomited in
the car and emptied my stomach.   There was nothing left.

Satisfied with the pain he had caused, Charlie let go of my nuts.  The pain just
continued as though he were still squeezing.  Between my screams of agony I
continued to dry heave.

Charlie stood back and began to laugh.  It started in the pit of his stomach and
soon his whole body was laughing as though he had just heard the funniest joke
ever written.  Through my pain and tears I could see this obscene little man,
laughing uproariously over my agony.  I have never hated anyone in my life until
that very minute.

The hate must have shown in my eyes.  Charlie stopped laughing just as abruptly
as he had started.

"Ah, that's what I wanted to see, Harold.  Hate.  You hate me Harold and that is
good.  I want you to hate me Harold because it is going to make the pain, agony
and humiliation that I am about to force on you even worse.  Yes punk, go ahead
and hate me." and he began to laugh again.

When I saw how happy the hate made him I lost it almost instantly.  Tears began
to roll down my cheeks again.  He had even made it impossible for me to hate
him.

"You are an evil man Charlie, a very evil man." I said calmly.

He stopped laughing, looked at me with those eyes of fire again.  His big hand
snaked out and he grabbed the front of the white dress shirt I was wearing.  He
gave a mighty yank and the shirt pulled off my back in tatters.

"Pat get the fucker stripped and ready for the whip.   It is about time we
taught him some fucking manners."  he snarled, as he turned away and left the
cell, then the room, slamming the door behind him.

"You stupid fuck." Pat said as he moved towards me.  "You really have him pissed
now.   What happens to you now is your own fucking fault."

He undid my belt then the top button of my pants.   He pulled down the zipper
and then pulled my pants down over my hips.  He let them go and they dropped
down around my ankles.  He then hooked his thumbs under the waist band of my
underwear and pulled them down as well.

He made me lift my feet so he could remove the pants and underwear.  He then
undid and removed my shoes and socks.  When he was finished he picked them up 
and walked over to a big garbage can by the door.  Without a thought he dropped
them in.

"Don't throw my clothes away." I begged.

"You won't need them anymore Harold.   You will not be wearing clothes again for
years, maybe never again.  You have really pissed Charlie off and he just may
keep you here forever."

He walked over to the cupboard, opened it and took something out.  He then made
his way back to the cell.  He knelt down in front of me and ordered me to spread
my legs.  I knew it was useless to argue so just did as I was told.

Pat fastened a set of shackles around my ankles and then fastened them via a bit
of chain to rings that were set in the floor.  When he was finished he stood up
and just looked at me.

"I really am sorry for you, Harold.  I thought you were a real good sport about
the whole thing.  He was not going to do very much too you, just have some fun,
but then you got smart mouthed.  Now he is liable to do anything.   If you want
my advice, try to get back on his good side, and do it real soon or you won't
survive very long Harold."

I was stunned by the tone and the delivery his words.   Pat like me.  I couldn't
believe it.  The man actually liked me.   It had been a long, long time since
anyone had talked to me like that.  Pat really was upset by what was going to
happen to me and he was afraid for me.

"Pat."  I said.  "Thank you for that.  I will try my best to get back on his
good side.  I promise."

He looked at me with sad eyes, then gave me a small smile.

"I will try to help you as much as I can Harold, but Charlie is the Master and I
must obey him, and I will.  It is going to hurt me to have to hurt you, but if
Charlie orders it then I will obey those orders.  You must understand that
Harold."

"I do."  I said, tears flowing down my cheeks.  Pat not only liked me, he was in
love with me.

The door opened and three men all dressed in black leather entered the cell
room.  They were wearing black hoods so from my position it was not possible to
identify them.  My guess was Charlie, Pete and Larry.

They each had on a sleeveless, leather vest that was open in the front,
revealing a leather and chain harness the crossed their chests.  They also each
wore a pair of very tight leather pants that had no crotch.   A Black leather
pouch covered there dicks.   On there feet they work high top, highly shined,
black leather boots that seemed to have about a four inch high heel, making them
a bit taller than their natural height.

They each were carrying what looked like a black leather whip.   My body really
began to shake.  These guys were going to beat the shit our of me with those
whips.  Oh man was I scared now.   My bladder let go right away.  A hot stream
of yellow piss shot out and spattered onto the floor.

They marched right into the cell as the last of my piss splashed upon the floor.

The three of them stopped directly in front of me, standing in my fresh piss.  I
was shaking really bad now, the chains that held me were rattling and making a
fearsome noise.

"Not so fucking brave now, are you, you fucking, thieving punk."  Charlie's
voice boomed out of the black clad figure in the middle.

"Please Mr. Charlie, Sir, I didn't mean any of the things I said.   I have been
so confused about all of this.   You are right Sir, I am a thieving punk.   I
promise I will pay you back for all the trouble I have caused Sir.  Please give
me another chance."  I begged.

"Well punk, it is about time you admitted to your criminal ways.   That is going
to work in your favor.   But you have caused so much trouble for me and my boys
that you have to be punished.   You must be made to see that I am the Master and
you are nothing.   That your will is subservient to  mine."  he stopped and took
a deep breath.

"Are you willing to voluntarily become my full time slave?"  he asked.

"Yes, Master Charlie, I would be honoured to be your slave, Sir." I answered.

"Will you obey me completely in all things?"  he went on.

"Yes, Master Charlie, Sir, I will obey you in all things, Sir."

"Even though you are an admitted thief and have reneged on paying your debts, I
am going to trust that you will keep your word, Harold.   I will let you be my
slave.   But you better understand that you will never be a free man again.  You
belong to me body and soul.  Should for some reason I decide I don't want or
need you anymore I will sell you to the highest bidder at a slave auction. 
Should you fail at any time to fulfill your obligations as a slave you will be
severely punished.  Do you understand?"

"Yes Master Charlie, I understand."  I answered.   I was willing at this moment
to do anything that would avoid him and his cohorts using those whips on me.

"Very well, so be it.  From this moment on you are my slave and your name, until
I decide to change it, will be Dink."

I stared at him incredulously.  He was going to call me Dink, what kind of
fucking name was that?

"What is your new name, slave." he demanded.

"My new name Master Charlie, Sir, is Dink, Sir." I responded instantly.

I could just make out his lips forming a smile under the hood.

"Good.  Now Dink, you have caused me considerable trouble.  You have finally
admitted the error of your ways and even  pleaded with me to take you on as a
slave.   That all works in your favor and helps to lessen your debt to me. 
However, you still need some punishment to ensure you know exactly what is going
to happen if you disobey me or are ever disrespectful again.  Your punishment
will be five lashes of the bull to be delivered by.........Pat."

Oh shit, even my agreeing to be his slave was not enough for the bastard.  He
still wanted to tear the skin off my back.  I could feel my eyes filling with
tears again.   I also began to shake.  I didn't know how I was going to get
through this.

Pat walked over and Charlie gave him the whip.

"Five of the best Pat, make absolutely sure he feels each one."  Charlie
directed.

"Dink, you will count each stroke, thank Pat for delivering it, ask for another
and apologize for being a first grade asshole.  If you fail to do any of these
things we will start over from one.  Let the punishment begin."

Charlie and the other two left the cell.  Pat took up a position to my right. 
He was going to deliver each stroke to my back.   I prayed that he would not hit
me with all his might.  But he had already told me that he would do whatever
Charlie ordered, so I knew this was going to hurt really bad.

I saw Pat lift the whip.   Watching only made it worse so I closed my eyes and
gritted my teeth, then waited for the first stroke.

Closing my eyes didn't help, I could hear the whip whistle through the air on
it's way to the target.   When it struck I didn't feel a thing at first, then a
searing pain erupted across my shoulder blades.  I let out one agonizing scream
of pain and tried to tear away from my bindings.   But I was securely bound and
there was no escape.   My wrists were being rubbed raw from my tugging.

The pain was a thousand times worse then I could ever have imagined.   The
burning went on and on.  I saw the whip lifting for another stroke and
remembered that I was supposed to count.

"One."  I screamed.   "Thank you Sir, another, please Sir,  I apologize for
being an asshole, Sir."

I heard the whip whistling through the air again.   It landed lower down and the
same searing pain erupted.   I screamed louder than before if that is possible
and pulled and tugged on my bindings.   My wrists were now burning almost as bad
as my back.

"Two," I managed to scream out through my agony.  "Thank you, Sir,  another
please, Sir, I am sorry for being an asshole, Sir."

The whistle and more agony.  The third and forth were the same.   By the time
the fifth came around I could barely stand.   I wanted to die, anything to get
relief from the searing, agonizing pain.  The fifth landed, I screamed and did
all the things I had done before, but I could no longer think for myself.  

"Five," I screamed.  "Thank you, Sir, another please, Sir, I am sorry for being
and asshole, Sir."

And I waited for the next lash, which of course did not come because the five
had been delivered.   My feverish brain could not comprehend that the beating
was over.   I was in a world of agony, the cell, Pat, Charlie and the other two
just did not exist.   Only the pain, the unrelenting,  pain tearing my body
apart.

Then everything went black.   I had finally entered that small place reserved by
the brain where everything could be locked away and forgotten.   There was no
pain here.  There was no day, no night, no nothing.   Just blackness and peace.

When I awoke I was lying on that doctors examining table that I had seen from
the cell.   I was lying on my stomach, my head turned towards the cell.  My back
was still on fire, but the pain was not searing or as agonizing as it had been
during the whipping.

Pat was sitting in a chair next to the table.  He got up when he saw my eyes
open.

"You still have a lot of pain, Dink, but it will pass soon.   I have rubbed a
good, antibacterial cream into the cuts and welts.   It might take a day or so,
but you will be ok.   How do you feel?"  he asked with genuine concern.

"It hurts more than anything I could ever have imagined Pat.   Why did he go
ahead with the whipping.   I did everything he wanted.   Did he really have to
be so cruel?"  I asked, tears flowing down my cheeks again.

"He is the Master, Dink.  He doesn't have to explain why he does anything.  He
does what he wants and we obey.  He really is very fair Dink, once you are
trained you will come to love him as much as the rest of us."

That's what you think, Pat, I thought to myself.   I could never love Charlie,
ever.  I would obey him for now because I had no choice, but some day, real soon
I was leaving.   I would go far away and he would never find me.   I could
never, ever be happy being a slave to a cruel, perverted man like Charlie.

I closed my eyes and relieved the pain in my back by sinking back into oblivion.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com    or   cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare On Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 3.

Obstinate

When I awoke again I found I was alone and securely fastened to the table. 
There was still a bit of pain and throbbing in my back.  I figured it would take
some time yet to heal.  I tried to move and a searing pain shot through me from
my lower back.

I let out a scream of agony.  I was instantly enveloped in a cold sweat.  The
pain was incredible.   My back must be torn to shreds, I thought to myself.  I
began to wonder if maybe I would require stitches.   There was no doubt in my
mind that I had open wounds.   Well if they took me to a doctor I was going to
scream for the police.  I had, had enough of this shit.

I heard the door open and someone come into the room.   I was terrified to move
incase I set my back on fire again.  I waited and followed the sound of the
footsteps as they approached me.

When the body came in view I saw that it  was Pat.

"I am in real agony Pat.  My back feels like it is cut to shreds.  How much
damage is there?"  I asked.

"It only feels that way Dink.  There are a couple of small cuts, particularly
down around the waist area.   But they are very minor and should heal without
even a scar in just a few days."  he answered quietly as he rubbed his hand
lovingly through my hair.

"You will just have to lie real still for a few more hours to allow them to
stitch themselves closed and then you should be able to get up and move around."

"The way it feels right now I may never be able to get up again." I complained.

"Don't worry I will take real good care of you.  Charlie has give orders for us
to get you healed up and back to your old self before your training begins."  he
said.

"That's awfully white of him." I blurted out.  "What's he want to do get me
healed so he can cut me up some more and laugh at my pain." I continued
bitterly.

"Believe it or not Dink, Charlie feels real bad about this.  He really does not
like to have anyone whipped.  But you did push the wrong buttons."  he tried to
explain.

"Well I will tell you this Pat, he doesn't feel anywhere near as bad as I do." 

"Would you like something to eat or drink?  he asked.

"Something cold to drink would be nice Pat, my mouth is very dry." I replied.

He moved out of sight and I could hear him doing something, but was afraid to
turn and see what it was.   I heard some liquid being poured and then his
footsteps returning to me.

"With that empty stomach and all the emotion you have gone through in the last
few hours I think it best that we start you off light.   This is Ginger Ale, I
have whipped it to flatten it.  It should settle easy on your stomach.  Just sip
it slowly."  he instructed as he placed a bent straw to my lips.

I sucked up on the straw and the sweet, cold Ginger Ale filled my mouth.  I just
let it sit there, moisturizing the membranes and linings of my mouth that had
dried out during my ordeal.  The I began swallowing little bits at a time.

When the first of the liquid hit my stomach I felt a little queasy but that feel
vanished almost as quickly as it came.  I swallowed a bit more and a bit more.  

My mouth was feeling better and the sugar in the Ginger Ale helped quell the
hunger pangs.  When I had, had enough he pulled the glass away and set it down
on a small tray that was beside the bed.  I hadn't noticed it before.

"I am going to go and heat up some beef bouillon for you, Dink.  That should
hold you to supper time when you can have a go at solid food."  he said as he
walked out of sight again.

After he had spoon fed me the bouillon I was feeling much better and I fell back
to sleep.

The next day Pat unfastened the chains that were holding me almost immobile on
the table.   He helped me to sit up.  I was amazed that there was no pain.  
There was a bit of discomfort but it wasn't what you could call pain.

He then helped me to my feet and walked me around the room a few times.  When he
felt I was ok he let me go on my own.

"You heal very fast Dink, that's good.  But I will now have to tell Charlie you
are better.  He will probably order that your training begin right away."  he
said almost sorrowfully.

"Do you have to, Pat?   Couldn't you wait until late tonight or first thing
tomorrow morning?"  I was almost pleading.

"Dink, there is one thing you better learn and you better learn it real quick.  
Never lie to Charlie and always do exactly as he commands and do it now.  If you
don't you will feel that whip again, that's a certainty."  he warned.

"Sorry Pat, this is all so new to me, not to mention confusing."  I offered.

"It's ok, Dink.  I just don't want to see you having to go through this again. 
Now go to the cage, you have to be locked in." 

Without any further complaint I walked through the open door of the cage, turned
and watched as he closed and locked the door.

"I will see you later Dink.  Remember do everything you are told."

I watched as he left, closing the cell room door behind him.   I was all alone
again.  My training was about to begin.  There was a small chair in the cell, up
against the cinder block wall, I went to it and sat down.

My slave training was about to begin.  All kinds of scenes of horror were
rushing through my mind.   I didn't want this.  I didn't want to be here in this
cell awaiting training to be a slave to a man I hated.   What had I done to
deserve this?

The door opened and two men dressed in the same black leather outfits as the
ones that were with Charlie just before my beating, entered.

Without a word they marched straight to my cell and unlocked the door.

"On your fucking knees slave."  one of them yelled.

Scared to death, I slid off the chair and onto my knees.  I looked into his eyes
which were just barely visible through the slits cut in the hood he wore.

"What the fuck are you looking at asshole?" he shouted as he made his way to me. 

I didn't see the belt in his hands snake out towards my naked skin until it was
too late.  It caught me on the right shoulder and the end flicked around and hit
right on top of one of the welts from the whipping.  I let out a scream and fell
over.

"That is lesson number one slave.  Always get to your knees and look down at the
floor when your betters enter the room.  Understand?" he yelled.

"Yes Master, Sir." I said quickly hoping to avoid another hit with that belt.

"I am not your Master, shithead.  Only Charlie is your Master,  we are your
trainers.   You will always refer to us as, Sir.  Is that clear?" he growled.

"Yes Sir.  Only Charlie is my Master Sir and I always refer to my trainers as
Sir, Sir."  I could see that avoiding the belt was going to take a lot of quick
thinking.

"That's better, maybe there is hope for you.   Do you know who we are Dink?" he
asked.

"Yes Sir, You are Pete and my other trainer is Larry, Sir." I answered.

"Ah a slave with a little tiny bit of a brain.   How about that Larry.  I don't
think we have ever had to train a slave that had a little tiny bit of a brain,
do you?"  he asked his partner.

"No Pete I don't think we have.  Now I wonder how we go about relieving him of
it.  I suppose we could put his fucking head in a vice and tighten it until it
squishes out.  But that might be a bit too messy.  Besides, I don't think that
little bit of brain is there anyway.  I think he may have it hidden in his
dick."  Larry said sarcastically.

"Ya know, I think you may be right Larry.   It would be just like an asshole
like this one to hide a bit of brain in his cock.   Have you got a bit of brain
hidden in your cock, slave?"  he asked.

Thinking real quick I answered, "No Sir, I don't have any brain at all, Sir.  I
am a complete idiot, Sir."

"Oh you are an idiot all right, Dink, but not quite as complete as you may
think.  Get on your feet, but keep your eyes on the floor.  Never look me in the
eyes or I'll beat the fucking shit out of you."

Afraid of these guys I quickly got to my feet, but kept my gaze on the floor. 
They pushed me out the door of the cell and over to the table.  The forced me to
lie on my still not completely healed back.   It hurt a bit but I didn't
complain, I didn't think it would do me any good anyway.

Once I was down, cuffs were applied to my wrists and my arms were pulled up over
my head, bent at the elbow down over the edge of the table.  The wrists were
then fastened securely to the table.  I could not move the arms at all.

They then placed my feet in the stirrups and secured them at the ankles, just
below the knee and at the top of the thighs.  The pulled the stirrups with my
bound legs wide apart and secured them.

Belts were threaded up through slots in the table and across my chest and pulled
tight.  I was unable to move my chest at all.   Then more straps were
crisscrossed across my shoulders and through the table and again fastened
securely.   The same was done at my waist.

When they were finished I was completely immobilize.   I could not move at all,
except for my head.

"Do you realize Dink that you are totally at our mercy?   We can do what ever we
want to you.   Anything at all." Larry said with an evil smile just barely
visible through the mouth opening.

"Now about that little bit of brain that you got hidden in your dick.  Charlie
don't like slaves to have any brain at all so as much as we hate this, we are
going to have to force you to give up that little bit of brain, Dink."  he said
this in the same tone that someone would use when tell another that they would
have to take a bad tasting medicine.

"Now how do you suppose we are going to convince you to give up that little bit
of brain, Dink?"  he asked.

I was totally confused.   I had no idea what the hell he was talking about. 
What bit of brain?  I only knew I didn't like the sound of it.  These guys were
going to do something that I was sure was going to hurt and hurt badly.

Too late I saw the belt heading towards my unprotected chest.   It hit with a
loud slap and the pain registered almost immediately.   I let out a scream.

"When I ask you a fucking question shitface you fucking well answer me." Larry
screamed. 

"Now how do we convince you to give up the bit of brain, Dink?"  he asked again.

"I don't know, Sir." I cried, the pain in my chest was still pretty bad.

"Oh that is most unfortunate Dink, because that means Pete and I will have to
figure out a way to do it.  Oh well we did give you a chance.  Now Pete what do
you think?"  Larry asked his partner.

His words sunk in and I became even more scared than I was before.   My bladder
was telling me it was going to erupt.  Where was Pat, why didn't he come and
protect me from these two nut cases?

"Well now Larry, it seems to me the only way to get rid of something bad in a
slave is to beat it the fuck out of him.  Now I would suggest that since this
little bit of brain is hiding in his dick, that we beat the shit out of his dick
until the bit of brain leaves."  Pete answered.

"Hey that sounds like a great ideal, I like it.   See Dink, Pete has found a way
to save you.   Isn't that grand."  he smile behind his mask.

"Please don't do this I begged.  Please Sir's, I haven't done anything to
deserve this.  Please, Sir's, no more beatings."  I was crying as I begged them
to leave me alone.

This beating of my dick did not sound good, these guys were crazy.

Pete walked over and put his hand on my flaccid dick.  He rubbed it a bit and
then lifted my balls.  All the while he looked me in the eyes.

Without warning he closed his hand tightly around my nuts and squeezed.  The
pain was incredible and I screamed out my agony.

"You were warned not to look your betters in the eye shitface.  So now you pay
the price for disobedience."  he yelled.

Pete then let go of my nuts as I continued to scream out my pain.  Because of my
bonds I could only lay there and suffer.

After a few minutes the pain began to settle down.   I had my eyes closed and my
teeth clenched trying to relieve some of the pain.   Suddenly I felt a warm, wet
mouth on my dick.  I wanted to look, but was afraid if I did either Pete or
Larry would be there and our eyes would meet and they would squeeze my nuts
again.

So I just lay there, the feeling of that mouth was much better than the hand
squeezing the nuts.

The warm mouth around my dick and gentle fingers now massaging my balls started
to turn me on.   It felt good.  Which ever one of them was sucking my dick, he
was really good.   I could not remember ever having my dick sucked so expertly.

It was now fully erect, and throbbing.  The sensations were fantastic.  It felt
so good after all the abuse I had taken recently.    The just as abruptly as it
started he stopped.  I wanted to scream no, no, keep going, keep going, but
instead just kept my mouth shut.  I didn't need anymore trouble or pain.

"Now lookee here," Larry started to put me down.   "Dink's little tiny dink is
hard.  Not very hard mind you, it isn't much of a man cock so can't get as hard
as a man's."

It is really humiliating to have another man looking at your pride and joy and
saying that it was, "little".   Then to add insult to injury to say that it
couldn't get hard like a real man.  He just kept on and on about it. 

At the same time, either he or Pete were continuing to stroke it, keeping it
hard.  Finally Larry had enough of what he considered fun.

"Now we beat that little bit of fucking brain out of this useless little dick." 
he said.

The hand was removed from my dick and balls.   The I heard something whizzing
through the air, just before impact I realized that they were going to beat my
cock with something.

I opened my eyes and saw that Pete had a switch in his hands and it was about to
contact the head of my throbbing cock.  I was unable to do anything to stop it
and it struck.  My cock was pushed down to my abs by the force of the blow.

The pain was incredible.   The head of my dick was on fire and the path along my
abs struck by the switch was also burning.  I screamed and tried to move but
couldn't.

I begged and pleaded for them to stop, but my pleading fell on deaf ears.  They
had no mercy at all, and only laughed out loud at me.

Pete just kept on whipping my cock.  It felt like it was being torn apart.  But
the real pain had not even started yet.   Pete gave me 10 lashes of that switch
across my now flaccid, burning dick and then stopped.

"Isn't this fun, Dink?" he teased.

I was in such pain I really wasn't paying all that much attention to him.  But 
he had my attention a few seconds later.

"Oh dear, Larry.   Poor old Dink did not learn the lesson you taught him.  I
guess your going to have to reinforce the lesson."  Pete said in mock sadness.

That got my attention but I couldn't figure out what lesson he was talking
about.

"It would be my pleasure to help poor old Dink learn his lessons, Pete.  Of
course I would be more than happy to give him positive reinforcement."  Larry
answered.

I was in a quandary.  I knew I was about to have something unpleasant done
because of something I had failed to do but was damned if I knew what it was.  
The pain in my dick was still incredible and I was having a terrible job just
trying to get through this.  Now they were going to lay something else on me.

Pete walked to the head of the table and grabbed my cheeks between thumb and
forefinger.   He squeezed hard and turned my face to his.   It was impossible
not to look him in the eye without closing my eyes and I had a feeling if I did
that I would be in trouble too so I just kept them open.

"You fucking shithead, when you are asked a question, you will fucking well
answer.  For refusing to answer my questions, Larry is going to reinforce the
lesson he taught you earlier.  Only this time you will get 10 lashes of the
switch against your fucking nuts.  That should drive the fucking lesson home."
he yelled as he let go of my face and backed away.

I was filled with instant horror.  The were going to do to my balls what they
had just done to my cock.   My bladder finally involuntarily let go.   This was
just too much to take.   I let out one mournful scream.

"Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo."

They rearranged the stirrups so my balls were prominent.   I could do nothing to
stop them.   I didn't beg, I didn't make a sound, it wouldn't have done me any
good.  I just watched them and waited in terror, resigned to another round of
agony.

Larry didn't waste any time delivering the lashes.   Each one was ten times
worse than the one preceding.  I felt sick inside, my guts were churning.  I
screamed, and finally started begging but the lashes continued. 

Larry was enjoying himself immensely.  He called out each lash and laughed,
trying to get his laughter to out do my screams of pain.   On the tenth lash
just the tip of the switch caught my right nut, which must have been pretty
badly swollen my now.  The pain that erupted was beyond anything I had ever
experienced in my life.   I remember giving a loud scream and then passing into
blackness.

When I awoke I was no longer bound to the table.   There was an incredible pain
throbbing through my entire abdomen.  I felt like I wanted to die,  anything to
get it over with, to escape this none ending cycle of pain and agony that I had
entered.

Pat was sitting on a chair beside the table.  I didn't see him until he stood
up.

"How are you feeling, Dink?"  he asked quietly.

I looked at him, but didn't answer.  He was one of the trainers, and I now knew
that failing to answer his questions would mean more pain.   But I didn't care
at this point.   I no longer cared about anything.   All I wanted was to die, I
wanted to escape this hell and if I had to die to do it, then I would prefer to
die.

"Please Dink, I want to help you.  I don't approve of what they did to you, but
I can't do anything to stop it." he was almost crying.

I turned my head and looked him in the eye.

"I seem to recall that it was you, only a few hours ago that told me Mr. Charlie
was fair.  Well I am afraid my cock and my balls with disagree with you, Pat.  
In fact I disagree with you.  At this moment all I want is out of this
nightmare.  If the only way out is death then I will except it gladly, right
now." I said vehemently.

"Easy now Dink,  it is not that bad.  Just a little bruising." Pat reassured.

"No it is not just a little bruising Pat.   It is agony, constant agony,  and I
don't want any more.  I am going to give up.  They can do whatever they want to
me, but from this moment I do not intend to respond.  They will either have to
let me go or kill me, but I will not respond."  I looked him in the eye, then
turned my head away and closed my eyes.

He tried to reason with me, but I  closed him out, after all he was part of
Charlie's group.  He was with them and helped them snatch me.  No they were all
guilty of trying to destroy me and I had been helping them.  Well from now on I
would not help.  They were going to hurt me no matter how much I cooperated,
that was now a proven fact.  I had nothing to loose.

Pat finally gave up and left the room.  Tears rolled down my cheeks as I heard
him leave, Pat and I could have been very good friends under different
circumstances, I thought to myself. 

My testicles and penis were still burning and throbbing.  What kind of mad men
would do something like this to another human being, I thought as I tried to
forget the pain in my groin.  This and other thoughts were running through my
aching head.  I eventually fell into a troubled sleep.

When I awoke, my penis and balls were not aching anymore.  I tried to sit up but
found I was bound to the table again.  Well looks like they are going to start
again, went through my mind.

"Ah the Dink wakes up." it was Charlie's voice.

I decided that I was going to go through with what I had told Pat.   I would not
respond.  Charlie was either going to have to let me go or kill me, but I would
not respond to him.

"Are you feeling better Dink?"  he asked. 

I kept my head turned away and ignored him.

"Dink, I asked you a question, answer me." he said in a no nonsense tone.

But I continued to ignore him.

"Larry, make the little prick obey his Master." he said.

"My pleasure, Charlie." was Larry's response.

I felt him grab one of my fingers he started to bend it back.  The fucker was
going to break one of my fingers. 

I trembled in fear, tears began to roll down my cheeks again.  Well I was just
going to have to take the pain, I would anyway.  But one way or the other I was
out of this place.

I screamed in agony as Larry bent the forefinger of my right hand all the way
back to my wrist.   I heard a little snap and knew the finger had separated at
the knuckle joint.   The pain was terrible.  I screamed and cried, but did not
beg for mercy. 

Charlie asked me a question but I didn't even listen to what he was saying.  I
just tuned him out completely.  Fuck him.  He could go right straight to hell
for all I cared.  I just wanted to die.

I guess my not responding even though Larry had broken one of my fingers
convinced him that they had gone to far.

Everything became quiet, except for my crying and moaning.   My finger was
throbbing unmercifully.  Then I saw Pat.  He had tears in his eyes.

"Oh Dink please don't do this, he will kill you."  his voice was so sad it
penetrated my defiance.

I turned and looked into his eyes. 

"That's good Pat, that is what I want.  He only has two choices, let me go or
kill me, I don't care which.   I will not help him to torture me."  I closed my
eyes again and tried to block out the pain.

Pat got some material and went to work fixing my broken finger.   There was a
sharp pain when he pulled it to straighten it out and get the joints back into
the proper place.  He applied some ice to help prevent too much swelling.

The ice helped ease the pain.  After removing the ice he applied a  metal splint
then wrapped it tightly with gauze. 

"Well Dink, it should heal in a week or so, but until then you will have to wear
that splint.  I will keep a close eye on it to make sure you don't get any
swelling."  he said.

"Thanks Pat, it feels much better, but don't worry about it.  I will either be
dead or  a free man again before it heals.  Either way it really doesn't
matter."  Then turned my head away again.

I heard Pat give a little sob.   He really was hurting inside.   I felt sorry
for him but my own hurt was much worse.   I just wasn't in any mood to be
offering one of my captors sympathy at this moment.

Once he had fixed my finger he unfastened all of my bonds and I was able to sit
up.   There was still some pain in my nuts, but I could live with it.  He went
to the little kitchen area and prepared me a large bowl of vegetable soup.

I realized I was very hungry.  It was a little awkward trying to hold a spoon
with a splint on my forefinger, but I managed.  He asked what I would like to
drink and I told him milk.  He brought the milk and also bowl of fruit cocktail. 
I never realized how good fruit cocktail could taste.  But I guess the linings
of my mouth and throat had been taking quite a bit of punishment with all my
screaming.

After I had eaten he took me to a toilet where I was permitted to clean myself
and have a good crap.  He then took me back to the cell.  While we had been out
of the cell room, someone had placed a small cot in the cell.  Pat locked me in
my cell and told me to get some rest.

I didn't look at him, just went to the cot, lay down and closed my eyes.  I
heard him leave the room and close the door. 

I tried to sleep, but just couldn't manage it.  There was too much going through
my mind.  My testicles were badly swollen, at least three times there normal
size.  My cock was also swollen and had turned an ugly dark blue colour.  It was
uncomfortable to walk, but I just couldn't lye on that cot.  Instead I paced
gingerly back and forth across the cell.

Eventually I became very tired.  I lay down and fell into a deep sleep.  The
sound of the cell door being unlocked woke me up.

Pete was at the door.  The enemy.  I turned my head away and refused to look at
him.  I did not get off the cot and unto my knees as I had been instructed.  Let
him do his worst, I would not cooperate.

"On your fucking knees shithead." he bellowed.

I didn't move.

He walked over to the cot and went to tip it over.  I jumped up just in time or
I would have went flying onto the floor.  I just stood there and looked him
square in the eye.  I could see the colour rise in his cheeks, he was getting
pissed because I was not following the instructions given yesterday.

I watched as he pulled the belt from his waist.   He wrapped the buckle end
around his hand and raised it to strike.  I still didn't move, nor remove my
eyes from his.  I watched as the belt began it's forward movement.  I gritted my
teeth, knowing it was going to hurt.  But I kept my eyes locked in a steel gaze
on his.

The belt got me around the waist.  It stung like hell and I gasped in pain.  But
still I did not remove my eyes from his. 

"Get down on your fucking knees slave." he bellowed again, but now he was not as
confident as he had been.

I paid no attention, just kept my gaze on his.  It was actually funny.  Even
with the pain stinging my waist, I found the look on his face to be hilarious. 
I started to laugh.

It was one of those deep laughs, that start way down in your toes and move up
through your entire body.  A laugh so overpowering I no longer could feel the
pain.   Pete lifted the belt and let me have another whack, but I didn't feel
it.  Instead I just laughed all the harder.  Tears were rolling down my cheeks,
tears of mirth, not tears of pain.

This completely unnerved Pete.  He backed out of the cell, a look of horror on
his face.  You would have thought I had done something too him.  This only made
me laugh all the more.  He quickly locked the cell door and headed out of the
cell room.

As the cell room door closed I yelled after him.

"Run you fucking coward.  Run back to your fucking crazy Master,  tell him the
Dink beat you."  I found this so funny I fell to the floor in hysterical
laughter.

I just couldn't stop the laughing.  Even when I heard the cell room door open
and people enter.  I just went right on laughing, curled up in my little ball.

I heard them talking, but couldn't make out what was being said.  Didn't matter
I just wanted to laugh. 

Eventually I was able to get the laughter under control and stopped.  But it was
quite a while.  My stomach muscles were aching, laughing can be just as painful
as being beaten.

As the last of the laughter faded away I could take in my surroundings again. 
Mr. Charlie was sitting on a chair just outside the open cell door, Pat was
sitting on the table where I had been beaten.  Larry and Pete were standing
behind Charlie.

"You found something funny, Dink?" Charlie asked.

I looked at him.  At first I was going to ignore him, but then decided I would
speak.

"Yes Charlie, I did.   You Charlie, I found you funnier than hell.   You are an
evil man Charlie and I shall never be your slave.  I will never serve you.  I
will never obey you.  You only have two options Charlie.  Kill me or let me go
home.  Right now I don't give a damn which.  But from this moment on you do not
exist for me nor do any of your henchmen.  Do what you want with me, but I will
not obey.  I will not cooperate."  I felt no fear as I said it,  they had
already hurt me so much that I didn't fear their pain anymore.

As a final act of defiance, I turned around and showed him my back.  I couldn't
believe that I was doing it.  I knew that he was now going to be livid and I
would suffer more pain, but I was past caring.

I waited for the first blow to strike.  But the room remained quiet.  Not a
sound.  No one moved, nor do I think any of them breathed.

Finally I heard a creaking sound.  It sounded like Charlie was getting up out of
the chair.  There were a couple of foot steps heading towards me but they only
moved a couple of paces and stopped.

Claaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggnnnn

The sudden sound of the cell door slamming made me jump.  But I didn't turn
around.  I heard the lock being applied then everything went quiet again.

I could imagine him standing there behind me, looking through the cell door.   I
wondered what was going through his mind.   I wondered how long it would be
before he applied retribution for my insolence.  Well I really didn't care, all
I wanted was to die and get it over with.  Because I knew without any doubt he
would never let me leave this place alive.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com    or     cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com  or   cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 4.

I was left alone for days.  No one came near the cell room.  My bladder was full
and needed emptying.  My stomach was rumbling because it was hungry, but no one
came to feed me.  I had a deep thirst, but no one came to bring me water.

Finally, unable to hold my bladder any longer I walked over to a corner and
emptied it.  I went back and sat down on the cot.  In many ways, being left
alone was worse than having them in here beating on me.   The not knowing what
was going to happen or when, was really beginning to mess up my head.

The hunger pangs had long since left, I just felt an emptiness inside, but I
would have done almost anything for a drink of water. 

The cell room had no windows.  There was a single light  in the centre of the
room and it never went out.  There was no way of knowing just how long I had
been left alone.  I knew it was at least a couple of days. 

I had pissed in the corner a dozen or more times and it was beginning to smell
pretty bad.   My piss when it came was a deep yellow now and there was not much
volume.  I finally came to the opinion that Charlie was going to starve me to
death.  Just leave me locked in here until I croaked.

He could then dump the body somewhere and there would be no evidence of foul
play.  Who would be able to prove that I was murdered by starvation.  I cried a
few times because I didn't really want to die.  I just didn't want any more of
that horrible pain.

My broken forefinger ached and throbbed the whole time.   The splint came loose
and the gauze holding it unraveled.   It was not easy getting gauze wrapped back
around the splint, but I managed.   Only causing myself to scream from the pain
about a dozen times.

At the end of what I thought was the third day, I lay down on my cot and went to
sleep.   When I awoke, on the morning of the 4th day, I sensed I was not alone
and quickly looked up.

They were all back.  Pat was sitting on the table,  Charlie was in his chair in
front of the cell door.  Pete and Larry, standing behind Charlie.

"Ah, sleeping beauty awakens." Charlie taunted.

I took one look at him, got up from my cot and went to the centre of the cell,
turned my back to him and sat down facing the cinder block wall.  Fuck him, I
was not going to give in.  His damned taunt pissed me off and my resolve to give
into him vanished.

Well my sitting down with my back to him was the straw that broke the camels
back.  The chair creaked almost the moment I sat down.  Charlie was getting up.

"Prepare him." he growled.

That was all,  just, "Prepare him".  Then I heard him leaving the room.

"You have made a very big mistake shitface."  Larry said.  "Within a very short
time you are going to regret having done that.  Everything that has happened to
you up until now will be like a picnic compared to what is coming." 

I just ignored him.  They unlocked the cell door, came in and picked me up under
the arms.  I was very weak, I had not had anything to eat except that vegetable
soup a few days ago.   I was frightened but did not let it show.

They took me out and placed me on the table.   I noticed that Pat had left the
room.   I was completely at the mercy of Pete and Larry and I knew they had no
mercy in them at all.

Pete went over to a cupboard and pulled out a box.  He brought it over and
placed it on the small tray beside the bed.  They pushed me down so I was lying
on my back.

Pete opened the box and pulled out what looked like a big furry mitten with
sleeves.  He pushed my hand into it, careful not to dislodge the splint. 
Inside, my hand slipped into something that seemed to be hard plastic.  There
was, what appeared to be a Velcro fastener  at the wrist end, which he fastened
tight.  The sleeve end was elastic and gripped my upper arm.  I would not be
able to get this thing off without help. 

He tossed the mate to it to Larry.  He forced my other hand in and fastened it. 
When he let my hand go I brought it up to look and couldn't believe what I saw. 
It was a big dogs paw.  It had toe nails and everything.   My hand was inside
this thing but I couldn't move my hand because of the rigid plastic.

They then flipped me over.  Larry grabbed my left ankle and brought it up until
it was touching my ass.   Pete slipped a belt or something around my thigh, up
and over my ankle and fastened it.   My foot was now effectively bonded to my
ass.

They did the same with my right ankle.  Then from the box they took out this
really weird looking fur legging.  They slid my bent up left leg into it and
fastened it so it wouldn't come off.  They pulled another one onto my right leg.

I was then flipped back over onto my back.  My legs of course would not go down
onto the table, my feet acted as a wedge.  They were sticking straight up.  The
covering on my legs made them look furry and at each knee was a big dog paw.  It
finally dawned on me what they were doing.

Charlie had said the other day he was going to turn me into a dog.  Damned if he
hadn't meant it.  These two idiots were adding the little touches that would
make that a reality.  Tears began to form and flow down my cheeks.

"Ah look the little asshole is crying again." Larry teased.  "What are you
crying for asshole.  We are not hurting you.   Charlie has forbidden us from
doing anything that would cause you physical pain.  So you can stop your fucking
blubbering."  then he laughed.

The worst was yet to come.  From the box they pulled a little contraption that
looked like a dogs shiny black nose.  When it came into better view I could see
that it was a dogs nose and had a piece that would fit right over my eyes.  The
thing had a set of eyes set side ways. 

They placed it over my eyes and strapped it into position.   Well when they put
it on me I knew that life was going to be hell from here on in.

The device had little mirrors inside.  It fitted completely over the eyes, but 
still allowed me to see.  Charlie being the evil bastard that he is, had this
thing designed so that the poor bastard that wore it would have only limited
vision.   What he could see would only be from the sides, not straight ahead.  

Once it was in place I felt completely disoriented.   The human eye was designed
to work in concert with its brother.   It does not work very well as an
independent entity unless the other eye is blind or the vision cut off.   In
order to be able to see the wearer would have to close the eye opposite to the
side he wants to see out of.  

As well, the human eye was designed to see straight ahead.    With each of my
eyes looking independently to one side or the other, I could not focus on
anything.  This devilish little device would cause me more problems in the weeks
and months ahead then all of the other nasty things that were about to befall
me.

The next item to add to my misery was a little black strap device that went
around the root of my cock and around my balls, separating them.  It didn't feel
very good, but there was nothing I could do to stop them.

The last item out of the box was a big bushy tail that matched the coloring of
the fur on my legs and arms.  How the hell are they going to attach that to me I
wondered.  I didn't see any straps.

That question was quickly answered to my horror.  Pete held it up to my face to
taunt me.   At the root end there was a dildo about 3 inches long and 2 inches
in diameter.   Attachment methodology now understood, I shuddered.

They forced me to get on all fours,  that was now literal, because that is what
I had, four legs.  With paws for hands and paws at my knees for feet.  It felt
awkward and with my ankles forced up and bound to my thighs, I was very
uncomfortable.

"Spread your fucking legs Dog or we will do it for you." Larry commanded. 

I just gave up and did what I was told.   Larry lubed up the big dildo and
forced it up into my rectum.

"You make sure you hold that at all times Dog, because if you shit it out you
will pay the price.  You are already in a mess of shit so why make it any worse
for yourself."  Pete cautioned.

The dildo was very uncomfortable.  But I was able to hold it with no problem.

They both stood back and admired their handiwork.  Pete went back to the
cupboard and returned with a heavy, black leather dog collar.  He fastened it
around my neck.   I hadn't seen the leash in his other hand until he fastened it
to the collar.

They both lifted me up and placed me down on the floor on all fours.

"Come along, doggie."  Larry called playfully while tugging on the leash. 

Having no options, I followed as he walked forward a few steps and stopped.

"Oops, almost forgot." he said as he bent down and positioned himself so he was
looking into one of my eyes.

"From now on you are a dog, Dink.  You will act like a dog at all times.  If you
fail to do so, you will be punished.   You must never speak human words.  Never. 
It doesn't matter what, never speak a human word.  You will be taught how to
communicate in doggie language once your doggie training starts.  " 

"Until you learn doggie language, bark once for yes, twice for no.  They are the
only barks that will  have any meaning until your training."  he smile crookedly
as he said that.

"If you have to take a leak or shit you will go to the door and whine, just like
a good little doggie would.  If you ever mess on the floors, like you did in the
cell, you will be forced to clean it up, with your tongue." 

"Well Dink, this is the last time for a very long time that you will be
addressed as an intelligent being.  From now on you are nothing but a stupid
dog."

He stood up yanked the leash and headed out the door.  With tears falling down
my cheeks I tried to keep up. 

It was very awkward trying to walk on my knees with my ankles fastened to my
thighs.   Thankfully the dog paws on my knees provided a good buffer to protect
them, otherwise this could have been a hundred times worse.

The hallway we were walking down was long and very dimly lighted.  I had no idea
where we were going.  I had been unconscious when they brought me in.

As we came up to a door, Larry finally slowed down.  He opened the door and went
through, I followed close behind.

Because of the device over my eyes I could not see into the room we entered
right away.   When Larry stopped to close the door I turned my head to the left,
closed my left eye and took a look with my right.  I almost shit myself, it was
the fucking bar where this all had started.

Charlie was sitting in the same chair that he had been sitting in the first time
I entered this bar.  He turned and looked as we entered, a big smile curling his
face.  The bastard was gloating.  Well fuck him, he wanted a dog, well he was
going to get one.  But this dog would not be his, it would be Pat's.  See how
the prick liked that.

"Well, well boys.  Look at this we have a fine new doggie.  He will make a great
mascot for the bar don't you think?"  he called out loud enough for everyone to
hear.

All faces turned to me and I felt like a piece of shit.  I am sure my face went
red.  No one seemed to care, they were having too much fun.

Larry tugged the leash and took me over to the table where Charlie was sitting. 
He handed the leash to Charlie then went and sat down at his usual spot.  I just
stood there on all fours, feeling like a complete idiot.  I closed my eye
because it was less disorienting then trying to keep them open.

Charlie brought a hand down and started rubbing me behind my ears.  Well, I
thought, time to be a dog.  I didn't like being rubbed behind the ears so I
showed my displeasure by growling.  Turned my head to the right and opened my
right eye.

Charlie removed his hand right away.  He looked down at me with a frown on his
face.   That frown made me feel very happy inside.   He went to start rubbing
again and I growled again.  He pulled his hand back.  Now I could see some red
starting to colour his cheeks.   He was not pleased by his new dog, and that
made me very happy indeed.

"Hey Charlie, your new dog don't look too happy to see you," someone shouted. 
"He isn't waging his tail."

Charlie bent over and put his mouth close to my ear.  

"I am only going to tell you this once so you better listen very carefully.  You
start wiggling your ass so your tail wags and do it all the time you are in my
presence or I am going to really fuck up your vision.   You may think it is bad
now but just imagine how much worse it will be if I start sticking pins into
your fucking eye balls.  Now wag your fucking tail, dog." he growled.

I had no doubt that he would do exactly what he said.   Everything was bad
enough and I sure wouldn't want to be permanently blind to boot, so I started
wiggling my ass back and forth to make my tail wag.  This had to be the ultimate
humiliation.

The crowd broke into loud cheering and Charlie smiled at me.   I just felt
completely sick inside.

"Is it a bitch or a stud, Charlie?"  someone else shouted out.

Shit don't these guys ever give up, I wondered.

"Well now, I am not rightly sure, Pongo.  Just a minute and I'll let you know. 
Down dog, lay down."  he commanded.

Figuring prudence was the better part of valor I started to obey.    Now the
desire to obey was there, but the ability to accomplish the act was greatly
lacking.

I couldn't just squat back and then down,  that would just about tear my legs
off.  I couldn't just flop over onto my side,  my hip would hit the floor with
quite a bit of force.  I could end up hurting myself quite badly.

I had to think quick before Charlie decided to take punitive action.  The only
other option that came to mind was to try pushing my legs straight back and
lowering my abdomen.   It seemed to work fine and once my legs were straight out
behind me I lowered my front.

He pulled his chair out from the table and turned to me.

"Good boy," he complimented me.  "Now get your little leggies up in the air so
daddy can see whether your a bitch or a stud."  was his next command.

I fucking well should have played the real dog game and ignored him.  No fucking
dog that hadn't been trained would understand that command.  But again I thought
it better to obey.

He bent over and started scratching my belly.

"Good dog." he said.

He then took hold of my cock which was semi hard from the little strap around
it's base.  He wanked it a few times then massaged my balls.   Well of course my
dick just had to stand straight up.   I hated this, I hated the humiliation, I
hated being treated like a dog, I hated Charlie, I hated all the people in this
bar, but still my fucking cock betrayed me and stood to ridged attention.

"Why it's a stud, boys and in full heat.  Fuck this dogs got a cock almost as
big as Pete's." he said laughing.

Everyone in the bar laughed along with him. 

"Look how he likes to have me play with his dick.   Raunchy little bastard.   I
sure know how to find the raunchy ones boys."  he said as he continued to wank
my now really throbbing cock.

"Guess I better be careful, don't want the dog to be shooting his doggie juice
all over the fucking place, now do I."  he said as he pulled his hand away.

Leaving my cock to throb and pulse to the wild beating of my heart.   The
bastard started the job and left it unfinished.

He scratched my belly a bit more, then told me to relax.  I rolled over onto my
stomach and pulled my legs up so I was in as close to a fetal position as
possible.  My still throbbing cock as hidden from view as I could manage.  I
stayed like that and had myself a good cry while they went on talking about me.

Then I heard Pat's voice.

"Charlie, in case you have forgotten, the dog has not eaten or had anything to
drink in four days.  If you don't get something into him soon you are going to
have a very sick dog on your hands."

"Oh shit, I did forget.  Thanks for reminding me Pat, I don't know what I would
do without you." he said.

"Harry." he yelled.  "Get your sorry ass out here."

A few seconds later Harry the waiter came shuffling out of the kitchen. 

"Yes Mr. Charlie."  he asked when he got to the table.

"I got me a new dog.  Bring it some water and there must be a few scraps in the
garbage can we can give it to eat.  The poor mutt is probably starving." 
Charlie said.

"Yes Sir, I have lots of garbage scraps.  Be right back Sir."  he said backing
away from the table.

"Oh, and use that dog dish that's out in the store room.  Don't want no filthy
animals eating off the good dishes."  he said laughing.

Harry just said, "Yes Sir." and headed back to the kitchen.

Garbage.  The fucking bastard was going to feed me garbage.  Well he could go
straight to hell I ain't eating it and he can threaten me all he likes.

It didn't take Harry very long.  He came back carrying a two piece, stainless
steel dog server, which he placed right under my nose. 

In one side there was murky looking water, in the other were a bunch of meat
pieces, bits of vegetables and potatoes.  It even looked like there were bits of
coffee grinds mixed in.  One thing for sure, Harry had obeyed Charlie
explicitly, this mess definitely came out of the garbage can.

With one paw I pushed the whole disgusting thing away.  Charlie must have been
watching because he gave me a little kick to the ribs.  It didn't hurt much so I
just gave a little dog whine and put my head in my paws.

"Pete I think the toilet in the last stall in the shitter is plugged, would you
go have a look please?"  Charlie said suddenly.

"Yes Sir, on my way." Pete said.

That caught my instant attention.  Something was up and I didn't like the
feeling  I was getting.  Pete was gone for the longest time.  But finally he
made his way back.

"It's ok now Charlie.  I fixed it up real good."  he said.

"Ah what would we do without you Pete." he said.

They talked about other things for a bit and then Pete and Larry got up and left
the table together.  I didn't pay much attention.  No one was bothering me so I
just lay still and let my hunger and thirst knaw at me.  The smell of the stuff 
in the dog bowl was actually very tempting, but knowing where it had come from I
just couldn't bring myself to eat it.

I was starting to doze when Charlie got up and yanked on the leash.  I tried to
get up on all fours right away.   Another problem, how the hell to do it.  I
tried a couple of things that didn't work.

Charlie was impatient and kept tugging on the leash. Finally I figured out that
if I pushed back with my hands and bent my legs at the hip at the same time, I
could get my back end up.   I got it up then pushed up my front and followed him
towards the bar. 

Just before he got to the bar he swung around one of the tables and I knew it
wasn't the bar we were going to, it was the men's room.

Something bad was going down and I knew without doubt that it would be going
down on me.  I could feel it with every fiber in my body.

He pushed open the washroom door.

"Come on doggie in you go.  Time to empty your bladder, boy."  he said with a
smile.

I looked up at him with one eye, there was no way in this world that we were in
here to let me empty my bladder.  Dogs do not use men's rooms. 

He led me down the row of stalls and stopped at the last one.  He pushed open
the door, gave me a little push with his boot on my rump, indicating I was to
enter.

The toilet seat was up and it did not smell very good in here.  Then suddenly
Pete and Larry were there.  They came through the door and grabbed me from each
side.   I knew instinctively what was going to happen.  Pete had purposely
clogged up the toilet and they had filled it with a foul mess.   They were now
going to dunk my head in it, I just knew it.

"Better close your eyes dog, this stuff might burn."  Larry laughed. 

They pointed my head down towards the open cesspool.  I turned my head and could
see that it was a disgusting, brownish mess, big brown turds were floating
around in it.

Just before my head hit the water I closed my eyes and took a deep breath.  They
pushed my head into the stinking mess and held it there.   My lungs were
bursting, I needed a fresh gulp of air but they continued to hold me under.  

Then the fear came, the bastards were going to drown me in shit and piss.  But
suddenly I felt calm...., a way out?  I have a way out.  With a little luck it
would be quick and painless.   I opened my mouth exhausted the stale air from my
lungs and then breathed in the foul mixture....

It was Charlie that realize what I had done and he got them to pull me out
quick.  I am sure I had turned red or purple or whatever colour a person that is
asphyxiating turns.   When I had breathed in, not only did my lungs fill with
the foul liquid.   Something had lodge in my throat.  I was unable to breath now
even if I wanted to.

They got me out of the stall, and as a haze began to form around my
consciousness, I could hear someone screaming.

I was choking to death.  I needed air and needed it desperately.   My pawed
hands were flailing the air uselessly and kept banging against my head.   But I
had no hands.   I was trying to cry out, but with my throat blocked no sound
came out.

I felt arms encircle my chest and someone began to make quick jabs backwards.  
But I was quickly fading away from all the yelling , fading away, sinking, down,
down, down into a wonderful oblivion. 

Suddenly whatever had been caught in my throat was expelled, and my body
automatically took in  a big gulp of air.   But my lungs were full of pissy,
shitty water and I began to cough  and wretch.


Then the foulness hit me and I started dry heaving.  There was nothing in my
stomach to throw up.   Between the coughing, the retching and the spluttering I
felt like hell.   If you ever want to commit suicide, take my advice don't do it
in a toilet bowl full of piss and shit.   Should you be unfortunate enough to
survive the ordeal you will feel ten thousand times worse than you did before
you dunked your head.  I was wishing that they had let me die.

It took quite a while before I finally managed to get my breathing back to
normal, and get rid of most of the foul taste in my mouth.   But once the
breathing settled down to a normal rhythm I knew right away that I had really
pissed Charlie off.

"You really are a stupid fuck, do you know that." he spit out at me.

"Maybe asshole," I gasped, "but at least I am not evil."

"Take the fucking dog to his kennel, I'll deal with him later." With that he
turned and stomped out of the washroom.

"You ain't never gonna learn are ya shithead." Pete said.  "He is really gonna
hurt ya now."

"Ya, well fuck you too prick."  I shouted.  "Fuck all of you assholes.  Ain't
one of ya good enough to lick my ass clean."

Larry jerked on the leash which cut off anything else I might feel like saying. 
He practically dragged me out of the shitter by that leash.   I couldn't keep up
with him. 

My not having had anything to eat or drink was catching up with me.  I fell over
on my side. Larry didn't give a shit, he just kept tugging on the collar.  The
damned thing was choking me and making it impossible for me to get back up onto
my feet or if you prefer, doggie legs. 

He finally stopped tugging on the fucking leash.   It wasn't out of pity, I was
sure of that.  He probably realized that I just couldn't physically get up with
him tugging like that.

Once he stopped the tugging I managed to get up, but I was not steady.  I had
begun to shake involuntarily.  He gave a gently tug and I followed him uneasily
on shaky doggie legs.

The kennel turned out to be located a long way down the hall and must have been
well past the cell room.  He finally stopped and opened a door.   I could not
see any thing, the crap from the toilet had messed up the mirrors, so I was for
all intents and purposes, blind.

As soon as Pete opened the door I knew it was a real kennel.  Dogs started
barking right away.  I heard him or someone unlock a door.

"Crawl into your new home shithead."  Larry said.

"Where, I can't see anything.  The mirrors are messed up."  I said.

"Just crawl straight ahead shithead and you will be in your cage where you
belong." 

I did as he said, but hadn't gone very far before I had reached the end of the
cage.   Shit this was an awful small cage to keep someone in.  They closed the
gate behind me, and had to bend my tail down and it hurt like hell.   I let out
a scream, but they just laughed and slammed the gate shut.

Because of the way my ankles were tied to my thighs I could not sit.  The cage
was too small for me to roll over and lie down.  I was going to have to stay on
my hands and knees until someone let me out of here.   I prayed that it wouldn't
be very long, but I knew that was wishful thinking.  My shaking got worse.

The hours went by slowly.  Besides the shaking, which had got worse, I was in
very severe pain.  My arms and legs were cramping on me and I kept screaming out
my agony but no one came.   Every time I screamed it would set the dogs off to
barking.

After hours and hours of being forced to stay in this awkward position, all the
muscles in my arms and legs were fully knotted with cramps.  The pain became so
unbearable that I finally passed out.  I don't know how long I was out, but I
sure wished I had stayed there. 

Light began to penetrate into the darkness protecting me.   But with the light
came pain.   As the brightness of the light increased so too, did the magnitude
of the pain.    It was beyond belief.   My body felt like it was being torn to
pieces.  I began screaming, I couldn't stop.

My screams brought the dogs to life and they started howling in sympathy.  I
don't know if it was the dog howls or my screams, but finally someone came.  It
was Pat, his voice just barely penetrated through my agony to my senses.

He was asking me what was wrong but the pain was so great I couldn't even answer
him, I just kept screaming.  The more I screamed the worse the pain got.  The
muscles were knotting up tighter and tighter.

"Oh shit!" Pat suddenly exclaimed.  "Your completely cramped up.  Hold on we'll
get you out of there." 

I was still screaming in agony, the mirrors were still badly fouled and I could
just barely make him out, from one eye, through a very red haze.

He came back towards me but started to fade away and I was gone again into that
black oblivion that meant peace and freedom from the pain.

When I came too I was back in the cell room and on the table.  My legs had been
released and I was completely naked.  My arms and legs were sore but the
cramping was gone.  I lay there not moving, barely breathing.   Enjoying the
freedom from that unbelievable pain.

"How are you feeling?"

I opened my eyes and looked up, there was Pat standing over me.  Tears filled my
eyes.

"Better, thank you Pat.   You got me out of there, didn't you?"  I asked through
my tears.

"Ya I did.  Charlie hadn't counted on you cramping up so bad Harold.  He really
didn't.   It was not his intention for you to go through that.  But you are
going to have to stop pissing him off.  When he gets angry he does things
without thinking them through."

I looked at him again with tear filled eyes.

"Ok, Pat.  You can go tell him he has won.  I will do whatever he wants, I only
ask that he stop hurting me so bad.  I can't take very much more.  Please Pat,
please convince him not to hurt me.  I'll be his dog, I'll eat garbage, I'll
drink his piss if he wants, anything, but please no more pain." then I broke
down completely and cried and cried and cried.

Pat put his arms around me and lifted me up.  He hugged me close and coo'd
gently to me, just like you would a little heart broken child.   His warmth made
me feel safe, I was falling in love with this man.   His smell was like a tonic,
it made me feel so good, so safe.   I closed my eyes and cried myself back to
sleep in his arms.

When I awoke again, Pat was there.  He helped me up and into the washroom. 
Walking was hell.  Each step was an agony.  The cramps were gone but they had
done considerable damage to the muscles. 

He helped me sit on the toilet so I could empty my bladder.  There wasn't much,
it had been a long time since I had, had a drink.  I didn't have to worry about
a shit, my bowels were empty.

From the toilet he helped me into the shower.  There was a tall plastic chair in
the shower and he placed me in it.  It had straps to keep me from falling out. 

"What would your prefer, Harold.  Hot, cold, lukewarm?"  he asked.

I asked him to turn it on as hot as I could stand.   The hot water crashing down
on my head and shoulders felt wonderful.   I just sat there letting it wash my
pains away.

Pat stood back and just watched.  When he thought I was ready he came forward
and started to soap me down.   His soft, smooth hands, rubbing over my body felt
wonderful.  My dick and nuts were still a little tender from the beating they
had undergone, mmmmmm when was that?   It seemed like a million years ago.  I
had been trapped in this hell for a million years and still had another million
to go.

After I was well soaped up he directed the shower head back on me.  I was really
tired and very weak, I hated to leave that shower but I just wanted to lay down.

Pat dried me down with a big soft towel then helped me back to the cell room.  
As before the pain of walking was terrible.  As we entered the cell room I could
smell food.  Pete was over by the table.

"Hi Harold, brought you some beef broth to get you started eating again."  he
said as though nothing had happened and we were the best of friends.

Pat helped me over and up unto the table.  I sat on the edge while Pat spoon fed
me the broth.  My arms were incapable of holding the bowl.  Having not eaten,
for I'd now guess 5 days, the broth tasted grand.  I wanted to slurp it all down
quick but Pat made me take it very, very slow.  When it was gone I wanted more,
but they said no it would make me violently ill.

To make me feel better they promised that I could have some more broth in about
two hours.   Well that was better than nothing.  They helped me lay down again
and Pat rubbed his warm hands through my hair.

"You will be ok Harold.  Just try to go with the flow.  Relax and you will be
feeling just like your old self in no time at all."

"How is your broken finger feeling?" he asked.

"Haven't noticed it, Pat."  I said. 

I had been in so much other agony that I had forgotten all about the broken
finger.  I lifted my hand towards him.   The splint was still in place, as was
the gauze, mind you the gauze was wet and dirty.   I had not done to bad a job
of fixing it..... when was that anyway?

Pat removed the splint and had a look.  The swelling was gone, there was no
discoloration.   He asked me to try bending it.   It was a little stiff and
there was a bit of pain, but other than that it seemed to have healed pretty
well.

Just to be on the safe side he reapplied the splint and wrapped it with fresh
gauze.   It actually felt good.  He kept talking as he worked, I closed my eyes
and fell into a deep sleep.

My muscles had knotted so badly during the ordeal that it took 3 days before I
was able to walk or move my arms without pain. 

Every day Pat was there.  He would bring me my meals and on the first day he had
to feed me because I could not lift my arms.  He gave me 4 massages every day,  
using a strong liniment to help the muscles relax and heal.

To fill the time while he worked on me we talked.   One of the things he told me
was that I had been in that small cage for more than 12 hours. 

He brought some books and read to me just to pass the time.   He fed me,
starting me off slowly with small meals spaced not too far apart and then when
he was sure my stomach could handle it, he switched me over to full meals.  He
helped me exercise to get everything back into working order.

His care worked and by the 4th day I was almost back to my old self.   The
muscles were a little stiff by the pain had gone.

On the morning of the fifth day, it was Pete and Larry that woke me up, not Pat.  

"Up you get Dog, your vacation is over."  Larry yelled as they entered the cell
room.

I had been laying there half awake and jumped up at Larry's shout.   I looked
and saw them both entering.  Pete had the box that held the dog stuff.  My heart
sank,  I had a terrible feeling I was about to become a dog again.  

I had, had enough of the beatings and the other tortures.   I was going to try
and do everything in my power to avoid them.  I had told Pat to tell Charlie I
would cooperate and that's what I would do.   Once I realized who had entered I
went down on my knees and stared at the floor.

Larry unlocked the cell door and entered.   He walked over to me, I kept my eyes
down.  

"Well, well, well.  Hey Pete it looks like your lesson sunk into the Dink's
little bit of brain that he has hidden somewhere.   He remembered his place this
time."  Larry sneered. 

At the mention of the little brain I tensed up.   Oh fuck no, I prayed they were
not going to start beating my dick and balls again.   I prayed harder than I had
ever prayed in my life.

"Well Dink, I guess there is hope for you after all."  was Pete's reply.

"Thank you, Sir." I said, keeping my head down.

"Go climb up on the table, Dink."  Larry ordered.

"Yes, Sir, right away, Sir."  I replied, getting up quickly and heading to the
table. 

Pete was already there opening the box.   With my knees knocking slightly I went
right to the table and climbed up.

They went through the same routine as before and in less than 15 minutes I was
on the floor wagging my tail.

The eye piece had been cleaned and I could see through the mirrors, but it was
just as disorienting as the first time.

"Now Dink, pay close attention."  Pete said.  "You will be going to visit your
Master.   You will behave as the dog you are.   Master Charlie has given
instructions that we may address you as either, Dog or Dink.   Whenever you hear
either of those names, we are talking to you and you better listen up."

"Charlie has ordered that you will be a dog for 5 hours every day until further
notice."  Larry continued the instructions.

"My advice is to be a dog.  Be the best fucking dog you can be.  If you do you
will find that Charlie will be very good to you.   You will not have to worry
about any more beatings."

"On the other hand," Pete chimed back in.  "This is your last chance, Dink.  
Should you fail to obey any order or are disrespectful to Master Charlie or any
of your trainers, you will be sold to a male brothel, in a country where they
absolutely hate, white Caucasian men.  You have been warned and will not be
warned again."

Larry then placed and fastened the collar  around my neck.   The leash was
attached
and they led me out of the cell room, down that dim hall and back to the bar.

On that trip down the hall I had a lot to think about.   There was one thing for
certain, Charlie didn't fool around.  If he said he would sell me to a male
brothel, then he would.    I could see that my options had been reduced to only
one.  Obey.

Larry handed the leash over to Charlie.  Charlie looked down at me and I wiggled
my ass to make the tail wag.  Through one eye I could see a big smile spread
across Charlie's face.  It was too hard to hold my head in a position that I
could see him, so I just dropped it back into it's normal forward position.

Without saying a word, Charlie placed his hand on my head and began to scratch
me behind the ear.  This time I did not growl.   The humiliation was a hell of a
lot better than the option.  Charlie continued to scratch me behind the ear as
he talked to Pat, Larry and Pete.

"You did a very good job of providing vet services for the dog, Pat.   Thanks. 
He looks really good and healthy again and seems to have a much better
disposition."  Charlie complimented Pat.

I could feel my face turn red at that slight.   Vet services indeed.   I know of
no vet that provides the kind of care I received.

"Did you boys feed the dog yet?" Charlie asked.

"No Sir, we thought you might like to do that?" Pete answered.

"Why that was very thoughtful of you Pete.  As a matter of fact, I would like to
feed the dog."  he said.

I could just imagine the smile on the bastards face as he said that.   He was in
his glory.   He had finally won, but he knew he would, right from the beginning.  

The  only question I had now was, how fucking bad would the shit be, that he was
going to feed me.

"Harry, get out here." he yelled.

A few moments later Harry came shuffling out of the kitchen.  He seemed to be
dragging his gimp leg more than he had the other day.

"Now listen very carefully Harry.   If you fuck this up I am going to have the
boys do much more than just stomp on your bum foot.  I will have them break it
again.   Only this time we will reset it in such a way that it will cause you
the most excruciating pain every time you step down on it.  Understand?"  he
spit out.

"Yes, Master Charlie, Sir.  I will listen real close and I won't make any
mistakes."  he said in a very shaky voice.

"Good.  Now the dog is feeling much better and he is hungry.    You will bring
him some of that nice chow  and some water.    This time you make fucking sure
that dog bowl is clean before you put the water in it.   Last time the shit you
brought him nearly killed him."

I couldn't believe it.  He was blaming poor Harry because I had tried to drown
myself.   I also realized I might have an ally.   From the sound of it, Harry
wasn't limping from natural causes or an accident, he was limping because these
bastards had broken his foot.     He was just as much an unwilling prisoner as I
was.

A few minutes later he was back.   Charlie made him place the bowl on the table
so he could inspect it.

"That looks much better and much healthier for my dog.   Just remember Harry you
treat my dog right.  I don't take kindly to slaves that abuse animals."  he said
with a tone of disgust in his voice.

His hand suddenly dropped over the side of the chair and placed something at my
lips.   I couldn't fight him so I opened my mouth and took the piece of what
felt like a kind of round biscuit in and chewed.   It didn't taste all that bad,
but I knew instantly that it was dog kibble.

Tears formed in my eyes as he kept bringing down these little kibble's, one at a 
time and popping them into my mouth.  I must have eaten a couple of hundred of
the damned things.   My mouth was dry and I needed a drink.  

I was forbidden to talk so I took a chance and looked up towards where I knew
his face to be and whined, just like a dog.   I smacked my lips to indicate I
needed something.

"What is it Dink, you want something." he asked.

I was a little surprised by the friendly tone in his voice.   I also much
preferred to be called Dink than Dog.

"Rrrrough." I barked once for yes.

"Do you have to go pee?"

"Rrrrough, rrrrough." I barked for no.

"Ah, I know what you want.  Here I have been feeding you all this dried stuff
and I will bet you need a drink.  Is that it, boy?  Do you need a drink?"  he
asked.

"Rrrrough."  I barked yes again.

"Sorry, boy." he said.  

He pushed his chair back and placed the doggie bowl in front of my face.  I
couldn't see the bowl because of the fucking eye piece.   I turned my head to
get a good idea of position and bent down.   Just as my head reached the bowl I
turned my head forward again and felt with my lips and tongue until I found the
water and began to lap and slurp it up.

It was very awkward.   It is not possible to get a satisfying drink that way.  
You can slack your thirst.  You can get the water into your system.  But it
isn't as satisfying as being able to take a nice big drink out of a glass.

There was still plenty of kibble in the bowl and I was famished.   I realized
that I was only going to get to eat whatever Charlie deemed I should have.  At
least this hadn't come out of a garbage can.   So I set aside my pride and ate
the rest of the kibble and drank the water.

I am sure Charlie and the boys watched me, but the eye piece made it impossible
to tell.   I was beyond caring anyway.  Once I had finished eating I did what
any self respecting dog would do, I lay down, put my head in my paws and closed
my eyes.

I drifted off into a troubled sleep.  It must have been an hour or more before
my bladder woke me up.  I had to pee.   Now how the fuck was I going to let them
know I had to piss.

Well I got up on all fours and started to whine.  I turned and pulled towards
the door.  Whining the whole while.

"Larry, I think Dink needs to go for a walk.   Would you do the honors please." 
Charlie asked.

Shit I was hoping it would be Pat.  Oh well, I had to pee and I guess it really
didn't matter who took me, as long as I got to empty my bladder.

Larry got up and took the leash from Charlie.  

"Come on Dink, that's a good doggie."  he taunted.

He then started for the main door of the bar.   I was following along behind.  
It wasn't until we were almost to the door that I realized the prick was going
to take me out onto Kelly Street.

He couldn't do that.   I was fucking naked.   The cops would pick me up in a
second for indecent exposure.   I tried to stop, but Larry gave a tug on the
leash that choked me and it hurt.

Ok, they wanted me to go out in public.  Then I would be good and go, maybe with
a little luck the cops would pick me up and I could get out of this mess.

Climbing the steps up to ground level was very difficult.  I had no bendable
joint in my rear legs.   Larry didn't even attempt to help me as I struggled to
get up.   

I was about half way up when I realize that I was going to have to go back down
them afterwards.   I didn't like that thought at all.

As I finally managed to struggle over the top step I noticed that it was a
bright sunny day.   It was warm and it felt good to be outside, even if I was
being treated like a dog and naked.

Charlie walked me over to a big Oak tree.

"There you go Dink, your very own pissing tree.   Piss your little heart out." 
Larry sneered.

The problem of pissing like a dog is to have the piss without getting the piss
all over yourself.  Now dogs don't have a problem pissin' like a dog because
they are built to be able to piss that way.  A man on the other hand is not
built that way and unless his dick is fully erect, it is almost impossible to
direct the piss flow without holding the dick.

Now when all you have for hands is a set of inflexible paws that cannot grasp
anything, holding your dick to piss is out of the question.  Besides you need
both hands/paws on the ground to keep balanced.

Now from personal observation I know that dogs piss in two ways.   The generally
accepted way, by lifting the leg and squirting the piss outward, usually against
a solid object.      The other way is to spread the rear legs, squat and lift
one leg up slightly.   

Neither of these methods appealed to me, but I had no real choice.   I chose
method two because I thought it would be the easiest and the one most likely to
let me succeed.

I adopted the position and just before I started the flow.  I felt a sharp pain
across my back.   I let out a yelp.

"Doggie peeing lesson number one, Dink.   Charlie's dogs always lift their legs
to pee.    Only bitch dogs squat, you got a pair of nuts and a cock so you
certainly ain't no bitch dog.  So you better be sure to lift your leg to piss." 
Larry said happily.

Tears formed in my eyes again.  They wouldn't even let me be my own dog.  I had
to piss real bad by now so I moved close to the tree and lifted my left leg.  It
was a bit awkward, but I also found I could place it against the tree to get
some needed balance.  Larry didn't seem to object to it.  My dick was semi erect
which also helped with aiming the flow away from my body.

Once my leg was in position I let go with the stream.  It felt good to finally
get it out.

"Hi Larry."  a strange voice spoke.

My heart gave a lurch and my dick sprung to full attention.

"Charlie got himself a new dog, huh.   My he is a good looking' one.   Sure
would like to have a dog like that in my house."   the voice went on without
waiting for Larry to speak.

"Oh hi, Mitch." Larry answered.   "Ya he picked it up the other day.   It was a
stray wondering around the Exhibition grounds.  Poor thing was half starved and
was really sick.   Pat nursed it back to health.".

"Well that's Pat, he always was very good with animals.  I got an appointment
with Gerry so I gotta hurry off,  give my regards to Charlie, tell him I  will
be in later tonight for my usual.  See ya later."   the man said and walked
away.

They talked about me as though I was a nothing.   The fact that a grown man was
naked and pissing against a tree in a public place didn't even fizz on him.  
Was I in some kind of nightmare or something?

I couldn't believe that the man's presence had caused me to become fully erect. 
What the fuck was wrong with me? 

I finished my piss and was wondering how the hell I was going to shake the
dribbles off.   I am uncut and if I don't do a good job of removing the dribbles
they tend to seep under the foreskin and in a short time can cause a terrible,
itching rash to form.

I tried shaking my rear but that didn't seem to be working.   I wiggled my ass
back and forth, I could feel the fucking tail wag, but it didn't shake the piss
drops off.  

I was desperate, I didn't want that rash, my dick would be itching  something
fierce  within a couple of hours.  I no longer had hands or fingers and would
not be able to ease any itching.

Larry came to my rescue, which surprised me.

"What's wrong, Dink?  Your shaking' around there like ya got ants in yer
pants.?"  he asked.

I just whined and turned my head towards my underside, then gave a bark.

"Need your dick shook, right?" he asked.

I barked once for yes.

He pulled a white piece of cloth from his jacket pocket bent over my rear and
wiped my dick dry including under the foreskin.

"See Dink, Charlie looks after his dogs when they behave themselves.  By the
way, that's one hell of a boner ya got there.   This stuff really turns ya on,
huh" he said with a smirk.

I gave a kind of half bark as a thank you.  He was a real jackass but he had
saved me for a possible torment.  He knew what it meant by my little bark.

"Your welcome Dink.  Your going to turn out to be a really great dog, I just
know it."  he said giving a little tug on the leash.

He walked me back to the bar.   There was a wrought iron railing along the top
edge of the stair well.   Larry tied the end of my leash to it. 

"Charlie wants you to get some air, Dink.  So you just lay yourself down, like a
good little doggie and enjoy the sunshine."  he laughed and headed right down
the stairs and into the bar, leaving me alone outside.

I just about shit myself.   They left me alone out on a public street, naked,
and tied to a fence.  Without Larry there I became totally self-conscious of my
nakedness and my predicament.  I tried to curl myself up to hide my nakedness
but no matter how I lay or what I did, I imagined my dick was hanging out.

"Oh look at the big doggie, mommie" I heard a little kid say.

I instantly froze.  Oh shit now I was really in for it.   The mother would
scream bloody murder and I would end up doing 5 to 10 for indecently exposing
myself to a child.

I could see the headlines.   My parents, my friends, everyone would see and they
would all believe.   I wanted to curl up into a ball and die.

"Yes dear." the mother said sharply.  "That old pervert Charlie has himself
another dog.   A rather common mutt by the looks of it." she said to the child.

I couldn't believe my ears.   The sight of a naked man, being treated like a dog
had not phased her in the slightest.   Mind you it had incensed me.   I was not
a, "rather common mutt."   What a bitch she must be.

I curled back up as much as I could.   I was going to have to weather this until
Charlie decided he would let me back into the bar.    Now that was something
else.   I wanted back into the fucking bar.  I suddenly preferred that hell hole
to the nice warm sunshine, just because I was naked.   What a fucking nut case I
had become.

They left me out there for at least an hour.  A number of people walked by but
none of them acknowledged me as being a man.   Not one of them paid me the
slightest bit of attention.  Finally I heard the bar door open and Pete and
Larry came bounding up the stairs.

"Did you have a nice airing Dink?" Larry asked with a smirk.

"Rrrrrough, rrrrrough." I answered.

"Ah that's too bad boy.  Charlie was sure you would like the sunshine.   Would
you like to go back into the bar?"  it was Pete being smart ass this time.

"Rrrrrough." I answered.

"Ok boy.   We'll have to help you down the stairs."  Larry said.

He undid my leash from the railing.  The two of them lifted me up and carried me
down the stairs.  I have to say I was very grateful.   I had been real worried
about trying to negotiate those stairs.  To acknowledge my appreciation, I gave
two half barks.

"Our pleasure." Pete answered.

Larry led me back to the table.  He went to hand Charlie the leash, but Charlie
told him to give it to Pat.  Pat took the leash and walked me around until I was
standing beside Charlie's chair.

"Your a good dog, Dink.  I am very pleased with your behavior today.  Now you go
back to your room and rest.  Pat is going to prepare you for your first day of
training, which will start tomorrow."  he dropped his hand to the top of my head
and scratched me behind the ear.

"Now you continue to be a good dog and you will find life here very pleasant.  
I love my dogs and take very good care of them.  Now off you go and have a good
rest." 

Pat started for the door and I followed.  He took me back to the cell room.   It
took another 15 minutes to get me out of the dog gear.   Pat had me lay out flat
on the table and he gave me a good rub down with that strong liniment. 

Pat then took me out of the cell room and down the hall to another door.  
Inside this room was a small work out room.  First we had a good run, it was
boring because the room was so small, but it was great to get some real movement
into my legs.

After wards we did some calisthenics, then did some weight training.    We must
have spent 3 or 4 hours in that room.  By the time we were finished I was soaked
with sweat.   We went back to the cell room and then into the washroom where we
both climbed into the shower and washed each other real well.

After the soap had been rinsed, Pat got down on his knees in front of me and
began to massage my dick with is lips.  It didn't take much before it rose in
glory. 

Pat was an expert cocksucker and he brought me off in no time at all.  It had to
be more than two weeks since I had shot a load.   Well my nuts were full and
they were emptying into Pat's eager mouth.  Wad after wad shot down my hot dick
into his mouth.  He was swallowing as quickly as he could, but there was just
too much and it started leaking out the sides of his mouth.

I finally fell back against the shower wall completely drained.   I was weak in
the knees and had to hold onto the wall to keep from sinking down onto the
floor.  When I finally regained my breath, I thanked Pat and asked if it would
be alright if I sucked him.

Pat had no objections and I was down on  my knees pretty quick.   I wanted this
to be special.  I wanted to thank Pat for all he had done for me since I had
been brought to this god awful place.

I used my tongue to tease the big purple head of his cock.  He had risen quickly
and it was throbbing and pulsing  to the beat of his heart.  My free hand, the
one without the splint was massaging his nuts gently.

I could hear him moaning softly as my lips and tongue worked their way down to
the root of his shaft and back to the head.    I took that head in my hot mouth
and just held it for a second.   Then began to work my tongue around it. 
Massaging it, just as my fingers were massaging his balls.

His breathing increased and his moaning grew louder.  I picked up the pace as I
began to fuck my face on his magnificent  cock.    When the head hit the back of
my throat I gagged a bit, but pulled back then went forward again.  In no time
the head of his dick was buried deep in my throat.

My fingers had moved to his love canal.  They rubbed and teased his rim in time
to my sucking mouth.   After a  while I began to gently insert a finger.  Pat
let out a loud moan of approval.  Soon the finger was fully in his love canal
and picked up the rhythm of my face fucking.

"Oh yea such it Harold, suck me dry.  Oh Harold, oh yea man suck it."  he began
to call out.  

This caused me to pick up the pace.   His hips were now involuntarily fucking my
face as my finger fucked his ass pussy.

"Oh fuck Harold, I'm cumming.  Oh yea suck it, make me cum.  Make me fill your
fucking throat Harold.  Let me drown you in my hot juice."

With these words he began to shoot his hot seed into my mouth.   His cum was
semi sweet and I swallowed as fast as I could.  As with me it was coming faster
than I could swallow so started to seep out the sides and down my chin.

I sucked and swallowed until he was sated.   His balls had run dry and I could
coax no more from his still throbbing cock.   I made sure to lick it as clean as
was possible.

I stood up and put my arms around him drawing him close.   I brought my lips
close to his and whispered.

"Thank you for helping me through this Pat.   I wouldn't have made it with out
you."

Our lips locked, opening and allowing our hot tongues to begin exploring the
neither reaches of each others hot oral cavity.  As we kissed we eased our
selves back under the jet spray of the shower head.

Less then twenty minutes later we were sitting at a little table that had
mysteriously appeared in the cell room while we were showering.  On the table
were two large, stainless steel domes, under which were two 2 inch thick T Bone
steak dinners.  Harry had been busy.

To be continued.

Photo's of Dinky may found here:   Dinky doggie's Family Photo

Use  NEXT & PREVIOUS just above the photo to see more of Dinky.  If you would
like to see thumbnails of all the photo's then click on Photo Alblums, then
choose Pets folder.

 This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com  or cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Chapter 5

A Dog's Life

After eating, Pat and I made love at least a half dozen times, right up until it
was time for him to go.

"Go with the flow Harold.  Tomorrow, Pete and Larry are going to make you do a
lot of things you are going to hate.   But do it.  No one will harm you if you
do what you are told.   Charlie has issued that as a strict order, however don't
forget the consequences for failing to obey.   He was not kidding about selling
you out of the country.    I don't want to loose you Harold so please try very
hard."  he said worriedly. 

He gave me a quick kiss, closed and locked the cell door and then was gone.

I lay back on my bed, closed my eyes and thought about my situation.    I may
not like it, but things were better right now than having all that pain.   I
would just have to accept whatever those two fiends had dreamed up for me.   I
didn't much relish the idea of spending the rest of my life in a male brothel in
some decrepit  foreign country.

I closed my eyes and thought of Pat and the wonderful evening we had just spent
together.   Well if Charlie was going to reward me with this kind of treatment,
just for putting up with being a dog for 5 hours a day, I guessed that I could
handle it.   I fell into a deep sleep dreaming of Pat.

"Wakey, wakey, Dinky doggie."  Larry screamed at the top of his lungs as he
entered the cell room, early the next morning.

"Today is Dinky doggie's first day of doggie school and he sure don't want to be
late, does he?"  he shouted jovially as he unlocked the cell door.

At the first sound of his voice I had slid quickly out of bed and down onto my
knees.    I had my head down, not daring to look him in the eye.

"Off you go to the table, Dinky doggie, so we can get you ready for class."  he
was having a grand time with this.

Where the hell did he come up with the "Dinky doggie" thing, I wonder.   It
wasn't bad enough to be called Dink and Dog, now he was going to start calling
me Dinky doggie, fuck, I sure hoped he wasn't going to do it out side of this
room.

They were getting better at making me into a dog.   I don't think it took them
more than 10 minutes this time.   As soon as they had me ready they placed me on
the floor and attached the leash.

"Time for brecky Dinky doggie, let's go." Pete said as he gave a gentle tug on
the leash.

They took me back to the bar.   Charlie was in his usual place.   Does he ever
do anything but sit at that table, I wondered.

"Ah, my new dog, all ready for his first day of doggie school.   Come here Dink,
come on, that's a good boy."  he called to me.

Having no choice I made my way to him, wiggling my ass to make sure my tail was
wagging.   When I came up to him he put one of his big hands on my head and
began to scratch me behind the ear.   Shit I hated that.

"Harry,"  Charlie shouted.  "Bring my dog his breakfast."

"Yes Mr. Charlie, be right there, Sir."  I heard Harry answer back from behind
the bar.

What kind of a surprise would I get for breakfast?   I really didn't care as
long as it wasn't out of the garbage can.  At least I prayed it wouldn't be out
of the garbage can, because if it was, I was going to have to eat it anyway.

I heard Harry shuffling towards the table.

"Let me see it first, Harry.   Your not going to serve my dog anything but good
stuff."  Charlie said.

Harry placed the dog bowl on the table.

"Ok that looks good.   Nothing but the best for my dog." he said as he pushed
his chair back.

He bent over and placed the two sided bowl down in front of me.  I turned my
head to the left and closed my left eye so I could see what was in the bowl.  I
nearly flipped.  It looked like scrambled eggs, with pieces of sliced sausage. 
It sure smelled good.

"There ya go Dink, eat up, boy."  Charlie said.

I moved my head into a position that would pass for looking at him and gave a
little bark for a thank you.  Then went to work trying to eat my breakfast.  It
was scrambled eggs and sausage on top, under eggs I found some home fries.  The
whole breaffast was very good.   Harry was one hell of a great cook.   In the
other compartment was warm milk.   So much better to wash down breakfast than
water.

Eating like a dog, however is not fun.  The human face just was not designed to
eat this way.  The dog has a long snout, that can get into the bowl,
complimented with a very long, flexible tongue, that can also be used to grab
little morsels and bring them into the oral cavity.

With our mouths set back from our noses, the nose gets pushed into the food
before the lips can try to grab  something.   The tongue is practically useless
as a grabbing tool.  I kept pushing food out onto the floor and knew that I was
going to have to eat it or get punished.

Drinking the milk was much easier than eating.   I tilted my head back slightly
and formed my lips into a whistle and sucked up.   Near the bottom I had to
start using my tongue but I got it all.

Once the bowls were empty, Charlie bent over again and picked it up.  There were
little bits of egg and sausage all around where the edge of the bowl had been.

"Oh look there boy," Charlie said gleefully, "you missed some.  Go get it boy."

I knew this was coming.  I turned my right eye down towards the floor to try and
see where all the bits were.   This was the most difficult part.    It was
impossible to pinpoint the exact location of any of the bits.   I had a general
idea but that was all.   That of course made it necessary for me to lick the
whole fucking floor in the area where the bits were.   The floor was not exactly
clean either.    But I did get it done,  what a nice way to ruin a good meal.

They were all talking and I could hear that some of them were still eating so I
figured we would be here for a while yet.  I pushed my legs back slowly and lay
my self down, placing my head in my paws.

"Now don't forget, you two.   You don't go hurting my dog.   You make sure you
reward him when he does good, and punish him when doesn't do what is required,
but I don't want him being hurt.  I don't go for cruelty to dumb animals." 
Charlie directed.

While his instructions that they were not to hurt me was welcome, I didn't much
like being referred to as a dumb animal.

"Ok Charlie we won't hurt him."  Larry said.

"Just see that you don't, you two get a little carried away sometimes.   I can
just as easily sell you both to a brothel, so don't forget it."  he warned.

"Yes, Sir." they both responded in unison, fear in their voices.

I perked up at that little bit of news.  So they were both under warning as
well,  mmmmmm how interesting.  I wondered how I could put that knowledge to
work in my favor.   Well I would just file it away for now and watch for my
opportunity.

"Well you have both already wasted, almost a whole hour of Dink's time.  You
only have four hours left for this morning and I will want to see what he has
learned before the time is up, so get off your dumb asses and get to work."
Charlie snarled.

Pete and Larry, both gave a crisp, "Yes, Sir."  as they jumped up from the
table.

I thought that was hilarious, but managed to keep my laughter locked inside.  I
didn't need Charlie on my case, but it sure was a pleasure to see him on theirs.

Larry came around the table pretty quick and got the leash from Charlie.

"Come on Dink."  he called calmly, "time for your training to start."

I was getting pretty good at getting back up on my feet, so was up fairly quick
when Larry gave the order.  Charlie's big hand was down on my head the moment I
was on my feet.  That damned scratching behind the ear again.

"There you go Dink, be a good dog and learn your lessons well.   You may end up
with a nice treat if you do well this morning."  he said giving me another
scratch then removing his hand.

Larry pulled gently on the leash and I followed along.  Back out in the hall we
went.   The room they took me to was somewhere close to the kennel where I had
suffered so badly.   I could just faintly hear the dogs barking.

It was a very bright room with lots of strange equipment and a number of small
cages, similar, I was sure, to the one I had been kept in.   Along one wall
there were cabinets, a  big counter and what I assumed was a sink, I couldn't
see that well.

At the end of the counter was a larger refrigerator  then another smaller
counter on which rest what looked like a microwave oven.  That smaller counter
went right up to the back wall.   About 4 feet from counter and resting against
the wall was a large electric stove.

Along the opposite wall were the cages and a large wire mesh container holding
colored balls.

"This is your classroom Dinky doggie.  This is where you will learn how to
behave and a whole bunch of neat tricks to entertain Charlie and his friends." 
Larry taunted.

He bent over and unfastened the leash.

"Lesson one.  The first lesson is probably going to be the most difficult.   You
must learn to sit, Dinky dog, and Pete and I both know that it is very difficult
to do.   We will be very patient with you, but you will learn how to do it,
Charlie insists."  He said.

"Pete and I are going to help you until you are able to manage it by yourself."

They both positioned themselves on either side of me.  Placed one hand on my abs
and the other on my trussed up feet under the fur legging.

"Now just ease yourself back slowly Dink and you will go down.  We are holding
you so you won't go back to quickly and injure yourself."  Pete said
reassuringly.

I followed instruction and let my  ass start to go down.   It really was very
awkward.   If they had not been holding me I surely would have went back too
quickly and then been in a lot of pain.

Once I was down they let go.  Much of my weight was now resting on my toes
inside the fur legging.  It was not comfortable at all.  But it didn't cause me
any pain.

"Ok, now Dink try to get yourself up.  We will be ready to catch you if you go
back suddenly.   But you should be able to get up.  As you are rising try to
remember what is happening, you use the same muscles and technique to get down
alone."  Pete instructed.

I started to lift myself,  I was amazed at how easy it really was.   It was much
easier than the way I had been doing it.  I concentrated on what I was doing so
that I could try to do the same thing to get myself down.

"There, you did it Dink, that was great.  See it was easy to get up, wasn't it?" 
he asked.

"Rrrrough."  I barked once for yes.

"Good boy." Pete praised me.

He brought his hand to my mouth and pushed something inside.  It was a Smartie,
(M&M's).  Fuck they were going to go through with the reward thing and I was
going to end up with a gut full of Smartie's.  I chewed the damned thing up
quickly and swallowed.

"Ok, Dinky doggie, let's see you try to get down by yourself.  We will be here
ready to stop you if you loose control so don't worry.  You can trust us." 
Larry said.

I was going to have to take him at his word, but I think they were still
thinking about what Charlie had said, so I figured it was safe to trust them.

I started to let myself down.   It wasn't easy, simply because I had to control
the speed of decent.   I went down a little faster than I really wanted, but
true to their word they were both there to stop me from hitting hard.

I was praised again and another Smartie pushed into my mouth.  Then I had to get
up, got some praise and another Smartie.   Then it was down, praise, Smartie. 
Up, praise, Smartie.   This went on and on and on.   I was getting tired and my
legs were getting really uncomfortable.   But I was now able to get down and up
without any problem or assistance.

All this activity had caused my body temperature to go up and I had started
sweating.   My mouth needed a drink, the Smartie's were good, but chocolate
always leaves a coating in my mouth that I don't particularly like.   I needed
something to clean out my mouth.

I looked up at Pete and gave a little half bark and smacked my lips.

"Thirsty, huh." he said right away.

"Rrrrough." I answered yes.

"Ok, time for you to take a rest anyway.  You have been at it for over and hour. 
Come on over to the sink."  Pete said.

I followed him to the sink.   He opened a cupboard and took out a large,
stainless, steel bowl.   He turned on the tap and let the water run for a few
minutes to get it cold.  He then filled the bowl and placed it down on the floor
for me.   I was soon drinking to my hearts content.   It felt so much better
once I got the chocolate taste out of my mouth.

Once I had drunk my fill I turned and could see them talking over in a corner.  
I sat back on my hunches and waited for them to call.

They talked for a few more minutes then called me over.

"Ok, Dinky doggie time to learn some doggie language.   This will make your life
much easier."  Larry began.

"Lesson number two." Pete said.  "Never, ever, ever speak a human word.   No
matter what, when you are in doggie mode you must be a dog.   Punishment for
speaking  a human word will be swift and severe.  Understand?" he said.

"Rrrrough."

"Lesson three." it was Larry's turn.  "You already know this one Dinky doggie. 
One bark means yes, two barks mean no."

"Lesson four." Pete's turn.  "If you have to piss or shit during doggie mode,
bark three times and point yourself towards the outside door.  You keep doing
that until someone answers your call and takes you.  Now Larry will fasten your
leash and you can practice a couple of times."

Larry fastened my leash and stood back waiting.   I felt like a complete fool,
but had no alternative.

"Rrrrough, rrrrough, rrrrough."  I barked as I pointed myself towards the door.

Pete and Larry had begun to talk and they completely ignored me.  Well keep
doing it the man said, so........

"Rrrrough, rrrrough, rrrrough."  I barked this time pulling on my leash towards
the door.

"Be quiet dog and stop pulling."  Larry admonished, and then went on with his
discussion with Pete.

"Rrrrough, rrrrough, rrrrough."  I barked only this time I was much more
insistent.   I not only pulled, I really tugged and then began to whine.   I'd
show these to assholes a good dog.

"Good boy." Pete said popping another one of those fucking Smartie's in my
mouth.

"Another simple one."  Larry said.

"Lesson five.  How to ask for a drink when you are thirsty.  This one is simple
and employees lesson one.   You sit bring your front paws up in front of you at
chest level, then bark once and whine once close together." he said then
demonstrated.

"Rrrrough ayieee"

"Now let's see you beg for a drink."  he ordered.

I sat my ass down, lifted my paws up and  barked and whined.

"Rrrrough ayieee." drink please.

"Good boy." Pete said popping a....., you know what into my mouth.

"Lesson six.  Now if your hungry it is a little more complicated, Dink." Pete
said.

"If you want something to eat, again sit up and beg.   Then give one bark and
two quick whines, like so.  Rrrrough, ayieee, ayieee." he said and demonstrated.

"Ok, now your turn."

I was already sitting so all I had to do was lift my paws up then do the bark
and whine thing.

"Rrrrough, ayieee, ayieee." I'm hungry boys feed me, I thought as I made the
sounds.

Damn it, that fucking yahoo Pete, he must be able to read my mind because he
jammed another of those fucking things in my mouth.

"Good boy.  Now do it again so we can be sure you got it down pat."  he ordered.

I obeyed and ended up with another Smartie pushed in my mouth.   I was beginning
to think I was really gonna hate Smartie's long before my training was finished.

"Ok now, Dinky doggie, let's get on to something much more difficult for a
stupid dog like you. Listen up, this one is very important."   Larry said
seriously.


"Lesson seven.  It is possible that an emergency could arise while you are in
doggie mode.   The following is only to be used for emergencies.   But first we
are going to clue you in on what constitutes an emergency."  he smiled.

"These are the situations.  One.  Any situation that could involve serious
injury or death." said Pete. 

"Two." Larry's turn again.   "If you are having a real problem that could lead
to an injury.  For example, should the leg bindings be too tight and you feel a
leg going to sleep.   That would constitute an emergency."

"Three." back to Pete.  "you see something or hear something  that could lead to
serious problems or cause injury or damage."

"That's it.  If you use it without good reason, you will be punished."  Larry
finished off.

"Now this is what you do.  Give a bark, three quick yelps and a bark, try to do
it in sets of three.   That will get attention quickly.  Like this, rrrrough,
ayieee, ayieee, ayieee, rrrrough, -  rrrrough, ayieee, ayieee, ayieee, rrrrough,
-  rrrrough, ayieee, ayieee, ayieee, rrrrough.  Now you give it a go."   

"Rrrrough, ayieee, ayieee, ayieee, rrrrough, -  rrrrough, ayieee, ayieee,
ayieee, rrrrough, -  rrrrough, ayieee, ayieee, ayieee, rrrrough."  I bellowed
out.

Pete jammed another fucking Smartie in my mouth.

"That's it.  Good boy." he said.

I was thirsty so I thought I would try for a chance to go clean the chocolate
out of my mouth.  I sat up into the begging position.

"Rrrrough, ayieee." drink please.

"Sure." Pete answered.

He bent over and unfastened the leash.

"Go help yourself."

I made my way over to where the water dish was and drank to my hearts content.

Now I was drinking all this water and had forgot that water that goes in the
mouth, must come out the dick.   I had already drank a big bowl of milk at
breakfast, then had some water a while ago and now had just drank a bunch more.   

About ten minutes after the second drink my bladder started to complain.   I had
been hoping I would be able to hold off until my doggie time for today was up,
but no such luck. 

Pete and Larry were talking again and I had been sitting patiently, waiting for
them to get on with the lessons.   My bladder was nagging so I decided it was
time to test the, "I gotta go", bark.

I got up and made my way to the door.   When I got there I let them know I
needed to go.

"Rrrrough, rrrrough, rrrrough." gotta go guys.

They paid no attention, so I let them have it again.

"Rrrrough, rrrrough, rrrough."  come on you bastards I gotta piss.

Just to make it really authentic I added a whole bunch of whines as well.   That
got their attention and Pete brought the leash over and attached it to my
collar.

"Ok Dink, I'll take you for a walk."  he said as he opened the door.

We turned right as we went out the door and only went a short distance before he
stopped and opened a door.   The moment he did dogs started barking.   It had to
be the kennel's.  Not being able to see well it was almost impossible to take in
anything while we were moving.

Pete didn't stop he went right in and walked across the room we were in to
another door which he opened.  Unable to do anything else I followed.  My need
to pee was getting worse.   Shit I hoped we would get to where ever it was I was
going to be permitted to piss, real soon.

That door led outside.  Dogs were barking and yelping all around us as he took
me onto a grassed area and stopped.   I was finally able to look around.  

I was in a kind of courtyard.   There were dog runs all around the edges leading
towards the centre grassed area where I now stood.  There was a small tree here
and I guessed that was where I was supposed to piss, so I lifted my leg and let
it go.

When I was finished I wiggled around trying to get the drips off.  Pete saw,
came over and wiped me with a small white cloth he pulled from his pocket.

The sun was shining and it was a beautiful day.   I wished I could just stay out
here and enjoy it.  Pete had other ideas.  He headed back towards the door.   A
few minutes later and we were back in the doggie classroom.

"Ok, time for lesson eight."  Larry said.  "You will love this Dinky doggie,  it
is play time." 

He held a red ball in his hand.   He threw the ball across the room.  It landed
against the wall, bounced a couple of times and then just sat there.   Which is
what I did as well, just sat there.

"Ah Dinky Doggie, you disappoint me.   You were doing so well too.   Now go get
the ball Dinky, that's a good doggie."  he reprimanded me.

Ah fuck the bastard was going to make me play fetch.   Now how the hell was I
going to be able to pick up the fucking ball.   My mouth wasn't designed for it. 
Well with no choice and even less enthusiasm I got up and went for the ball.

When I got to it I turned my head and looked down to try and get a position.  I
then bent down, opened my mouth and sunk my teeth in.  I was surprised, the ball
was made of some kind of sponge or soft rubber.  I had no problems at all
getting it between my teeth.

I picked it up and headed back to Larry.  When I got to him he took hold of the
ball and tried to pull it out of my mouth.  I thought, what the fuck, why not
have some fun with this.  So I held on tight, just like some dogs will do and
pulled back, shaking my head.

Well that got both of them right into it.  Larry finally managed to get it out
of my mouth.  However he cheated.   I had to take a breath and he snatched it
out while I was doing that.

He immediately threw the ball again and I went after it, picked it up and went
through the same routine again.   They made me play this game for a long time. 
By the time they let me stop I was really tired of it.

"Good Boy." said Pete, holding something above my head.

I turned my head so I could see what it was.  It wasn't a Smartie this time.  
It was a small dog biscuit.  I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do so I sat
down. 

"Come on Dink, beg for the treat." Pete said, waving the fucking thing above my
head.   I didn't want that damned dog biscuit, nor did I want a Smartie. 
Luckily my own sense of self preservation kicked in and I begged for the
biscuit, then chewed the hard, dry bloody thing when he gave it to me.

"Now Dink,"  Pete said,  "Lesson 9, your last lesson for today.   You may not
like this one very much, we don't really give a shit about that.   Charlie wants
you to learn this trick and so you shall.   With all that fur and fleas, dogs
itchy backs.    Their paws and legs are not flexible enough to let them scratch
their own backs.   They must resort to other means to relieve themselves of tht
terrible itching." 

Pete could barely hold back a laugh.  I could hear it in his voice.   He was
enjoying this immensely.   I had a fair idea of what was coming and I didn't
like the thought one little bit.

"Dog's must roll over on their backs, with their legs up in the air and wiggle
back and forth to ease that itch."  he just couldn't hold the laugh in any
longer and it burst out.

Larry just joined right in, the two of them, standing over me laughing their
fool heads off over what they were about to make me do.  They finally got the
laughing under control and Pete continued.

"Sorry Dink, but you must admit it really is funny.   I mean can't you just
picture yourself, lying on your back, with those ridiculous furry arms and legs
up in the air, wiggling around.  Your fucking dick on view for anyone that
happens to be present."

That started them laughing again.  I just stood there, dreading even having to
do it just here, now, in front of them.

After they got their laughter under control again, Pete gave the order.

"Now show us how you scratch your back, Dink."  he giggled.

With the only alternative being to be sold into something worse than this, I
obeyed.

I got down, rolled unto my back, lifted my legs and began to wiggle around.   I
felt totally self conscious.   I am sure my face had turned red in shame, but I
continued to wiggle until Pete told me I could stop.

I got back up into a sitting position.

Pete gave me praise, "Good boy."  and made me beg for another dog biscuit.

"I don't think there is anything funnier than watching a dog scratch it's back." 
Larry piped up.

"Ya I agree."  Pete answered.  "Dinky here is exceptionally good at it.  Charlie
is going to be real pleased."

"Well Dinky doggie, your training for today is over.   You did a real good job
and we will give Charlie a good report.   We are going to go out into the bar
now.  Charlie is going to want a demonstration of all the things you learned."

Pete attached my leash and they led me back to the bar.  He handed the leash to
Charlie, then went to sit down.   Charlie's hand dropped to my head and he
scratched me behind the ear.  I put my rump down and sat so I could have a
better view of what was going on in the room.

Pete and Larry gave Charlie a blow by blow description of my morning's training.  
Charlie didn't say a word, he just listened and smiled.   When they were
finished he turned to me.  His big hand went, where else but, to my head.   Then
that goddammed scratching behind the ear thing.

"That's a good dog."  he  praised.  "I knew you would be a good dog, I just knew
it.   I can always pick out the good dogs and I knew right from the beginning
that you would be one of the best."

I didn't say or do anything, I just sat there letting the prick scratch me
behind the fucking ear. 

"Now I would like a little demonstration of just how much you have learned
Dink."  he paused looking at me.

I waited expectantly for his commands.

"Did you enjoy your training, Dink?" he asked.

"Rrrrough."

"Did Pete or Larry hurt you at all?"

Oh here was my chance to get even, but I just couldn't bring myself to lie.

"Rrrrough, rrrrough."

"Now look up Dink.  See that man sitting over in the corner there."  he said
pointing a finger in the direction he wanted me to look.

"That's Pongo.   Pongo always gulps his food down, sometimes I think he just
inhales it.  Anyway, Dink, Pongo had taken a swallow and something has caught in
his throat.   Pongo's life is in danger and you see what has happened.  How are
you going to get Pongo some help?" he asked seriously.

Without waiting any further instructions, I started the bark, whine routine, got
up on all fours and pointed myself in Pongo's direction.

"Rrrrough, ayieee, ayieee, ayieee, rrrrough, -  rrrrough, ayieee, ayieee,
ayieee, rrrrough, -  rrrrough, ayieee, ayieee, ayieee, rrrrough."  I bellowed
out.

I kept it up until he gave the all clear to stop.

"Good boy.  You have done really well.  Ok one last one,  whenever I touch you
on the back, right here." he said, touching my back,  "you will do a dog back
scratch."

He touched me again and I went down, rolled over, lifted my legs and began to
wiggle.   Some of the men in the bar began to howl with laughter.  I paid no
attention.   I was humiliated beyond belief, but I had to protect myself from
being sold.  I kept up the wiggling until Charlie told me to get up.

Once I was on my feet again Charlie gave me praise.

"You have done very well Dink.  I am very happy with your progress.   I told you
this morning that if you learned your lessons well I would have a treat for you. 
Well this afternoon Pat is going to take you to our pool.  You and he can spend
the after noon just relaxing and enjoying yourselves.  Do you like that idea?" 
he asked.

"Rrrrough."  I answered, and then threw in a little yelp to let him know I was
thankful.

He placed his hand on my head again and scratched me behind the ear.

"Ok Pat take the dog home."  he said.

"Yes Sir, Charlie." Pat answered getting up.  

He came around the table, got the leash and led me back to the cell room.  After
removing all the dog bits and pieces he sent me to the bathroom.  I had a nice
hot shower and a shave.   When I returned to the cell room, Pat had lunch
already for us.  We sat together at the table eating and talking.

The afternoon was spent in the pool, it was great.  I felt like a million
dollars when we headed back to the cell room.  It's amazing what a little water
can do to a man.   We had a great chicken dinner and spent the rest of the
evening making love.

Just before he left for the night, Pat filled me in on my schedule for the
following day.   The morning would be mine.  I could sleep in or read.   If the
weather was good, I could be taken out to the courtyard if I wanted to go.  

In the afternoon I would be going for some slave training.   That would take
almost until supper time.   He would join me here in the cell room for supper.  
At six o'clock Pete and Larry would arrive to put me into my dog gear.   My 5
hours of doggie time would be in the evening.

I didn't like that at all.   I just knew Charlie had something up his sleeve,
and would make that five hours as humiliating as possible for me.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com  or   cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com

A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 6

Pat brought us both breakfast, when he arrived.   We sat together and ate and
made small talk.   I had no radio or TV and wanted to know what was happening in
the world outside these walls.  He filled me in.

He told me it was a beautiful, warm day so I opted to go out and sit in the
courtyard, at least for a while.   Pat took me to the door and let me out.  He
told me that he had work to do, but would check on me from time to time. 

I took along a book that he had brought me the other day.   I intended on just
relaxing and enjoying the fresh air.

Now that I didn't have those fucking eye pieces I could really look around.  The
courtyard was quite large.   There were 10 dog runs that came out about 10 feet
from the building and were spaced evenly apart.   There were big black dogs in
each run.  They were vicious, lunging at the run fencing when I went to go over
to take a look, so I stayed away. 

There was a small gazebo, with a padded bench in the centre of the yard.   I
headed for it, it looked like a perfect place to just relax.

It turned out to be great,  the padded bench was very comfortable.   From the
amount of the book I had read I would estimate I had been out there for about an
hour when my bladder started nagging at me.

I got up and looked around for a toilet.  I walked all around the courtyard
trying all the doors.   They were all locked,  there was no toilet.

Not far from the Gazebo, was the tree that Pete had taken me to piss against
yesterday.   I figured, what the hell I was the only one out there.   I walked
up to the tree and let it go.   I shook good then went back to my bench.

Another hour or so went by and I was beginning to get thirsty.   Being in the
courtyard was nice but there were no services out here.   I was just beginning
to wish that I had stayed inside when I sensed someone watching me.

I jumped up and looked around.   Charlie was standing just outside the Gazebo.  
He had a couple of bottles of beer in his hand.   I went down to my knees as
soon as I saw him, and looked down to the ground.

"Relax, Dink.  I brought you a drink.  Pat is busy right now.  He told me you
were out here and he figured you would be thirsty by now."  he said in a very
friendly manner.

I got up off my knees and stood there as he entered the Gazebo.

"Yes Sir, I was getting a bit dry, thank you, Sir."  I said in my politest, most
respectful voice.

He handed me a beer and told me to sit down and relax.   I took the proffered
bottle and thanked him.  I took a swig of the beer, I don't like beer and it was
all I could do to keep from making a bad face.  Charlie knew that I did not like
beer, I'm sure that's why he brought it.   I didn't want to piss him off, and
refusing the beer surely would do that.  So I just drank the damned thing
quietly. 

Charlie sat down in a padded chair that was a mate to the bench.  Now that he
had sat, I did so as well.  He had already given me permission to sit, but
prudence made me wait.  I sat down on the edge of the bench.

"Do you realize Dink that you still have not paid me any of the debt you owe
me?"  he asked casually.

I had a mouth full of beer at that moment and almost spit it across the Gazebo.  
He had taken me completely by surprise.   I instantly began to shake a little.  
Something dreadful was coming I just knew it.

"I see a look of surprise on you face, Dink.   You didn't think I would forget
your debt did you?"  he asked, still in a very calm, friendly voice.

"Ah......no.... ah..  Sir, I didn't Sir.   But I thought my being your slave
would wipe out the debt, Sir."  I stumbled and muttered, unable to think
clearly.

"Oh it is quite impossible for me to forget that debt, Dink, it is far too much
money now.  Let's see...." he said, pulling a small note pad from his shirt
pocket.

"Mmmm,  it has been 7 weeks, Dink.  $115.25 @ 100% interest per week,
compounded, that brings your total debit now owing too..$14,752.00."  he said
with a smile.

My heart skipped a beat and then almost stopped beating all together.   It just
wasn't possible for me to owe him that much money.   It was only a few beers and
four steak dinners for gods sake.   I hadn't ordered any of it, it was all his
doing, and now he wanted $14,752.00.

"Oh my, are you ok Dink?"  he asked in a very concerned voice.

"Ah, yes Sir, I am fine, Sir."  I said, shaking even worse than before.

"Good, had me concerned there for a second, you turned absolutely white."  he
smiled.

"I don't know how I am ever going to pay that debt, Master Charlie, Sir.   I no
longer have a job.   I am your slave and have no income, Sir.   You are not
going to beat me again are you, Sir?"  I asked fearfully through quivering lips
while tears started to roll down my cheeks.

"Relax, relax, Dink.  Don't go getting yourself upset.  No I am not going to
beat you, at least not for the debt.   No, no,  I am going to give you a chance
to pay it down.   You would like to pay it down wouldn't you?"  he asked.

"Oh yes Sir, I want to pay it down Sir.  Thank you for not beating me Sir."  I
stuttered incoherently.

"Good boy.   Tonight I am having a small party.   Some old friends will be in
town and when they come we like to get together to rehash old times and quaff a
few beers.   I would like you to entertain my guests, Dink.   Would you do that
for me?" he asked.

"Ah, yes Sir, but I am not a very good entertainer, Sir.   I am not very good at
singing or dancing."  I answered still in a kind of daze.

"Oh but you are an excellent entertainer, Dink.   I want you to entertain my
guests by being Dinky doggie.  They will love it, and I will strike off half of
your debt as a kind of thank you for putting yourself out for me.  How does that
sound?"  he said

I knew it,  Dinky fucking doggie,  and a room full of his sick friends.  It was
going to be hell night.   I had no choice.  He was using the money to try and
make me feel better about the whole thing, but it wasn't.

"Whatever you want Master Charlie, Sir I will do."  I answered resignedly.

I lifted the beer to my lips and took a long haul, I had to get my system calmed
down.

"I just knew I could count on you Dink.   You will have a great time tonight, it
is not all work you know.   These are a great bunch of guys and they will love
you." he said smiling jovially.

"Yes Sir, I am sure I will, Sir."  I answered, knowing that was bullshit.

"To get you ready, Pete and Larry will give you some training this afternoon.  
I want you to know exactly what will be going down and how you should respond to
each situation."

"Thank you Sir,  that would be a big help."  I said, lying through my teeth.

"Well enjoy the rest of your morning, and here I didn't drink this, you might as
well have it."  he said handing me his beer.

I thanked him even though I didn't want it.

"Oh, one other thing," he said after he had stood up,  "You were seen pissing
against that tree out there.   That is a very poor way for a grown man to behave
Dink.   In fact I am very insulted that you would piss against one of my
beautiful trees." 

"But I had to go Sir and couldn't find a toilet.   Pete made me use the tree
yesterday, so I figured that it would be alright today, Sir."  I defended
myself.

"Well it was not alright, Dink.  Dogs piss against tree's, grown men don't.  
You are going to have to be punished for such disgusting behavior.   I will let
you know later what that punishment will be."  saying that he turned and left
the Gazebo.

I watched him go.  My legs were still trembling as he opened the door and went
into the building.

The bastard had me.  He had forced me to voluntarily agree to go to his fucking
torture party, I was sure that's what it would be.  He also had someone watching
me.   He was going to punish me for pissing against a tree, the same fucking
tree that yesterday he had one of his boys force me to piss against.

I sat back down on the bench, a perfectly wonderful morning had just been
completely ruined.   On top of that I still had my half bottle of beer to drink
and then would have to drink his.  Damn I hated beer.

I was sure that if I tried pouring them onto the grass he would know and I would
get punished for that too.  There was only one thing to do, I placed my bottle
to my lips and chug-a-lugged it down.   Ya don't get to taste it that way, so I
lifted his bottle up and chug-a-lugged it as well.  There, both fucking gone and
I could now relax.

I lay back on the bench and closed my eyes.  The sun felt good against my bare
chest.   I dreamed of the days when I was free, laying on a beach just soaking
up the rays.   I was sailing away, lost in those wonderful dreams, when my
bladder started to complain.   My eyes popped open right away and I said out
loud.

"Oh fuck."  

I forgot, there ain't no toilet out here.   Charlie has also made it quite clear
that I am not to go around pissing willy nilly in his courtyard.  How long would
it be before Pat  would come to get me?   I would be willing to bet that it was
only around 10 am and no one would come until around 12.

Shit, I had just chug-a-lugged two beers.   My bladder was going to be in one
sorry state by noon hour.  Hell it was in one sorry state now.

I lay my head back and tried not to think about my bladder.   The more I tried
not to think about it, the more I thought about it,  and the more I thought
about it, the more insistent it became that I empty it.

I had to go so bad I couldn't lay there any longer.  I had to get up.   I
wandered out of the Gazebo and around the courtyard.   But my bladder was having
none of that, it still wanted to go.   I held onto the end of my dick,  it
seemed to help.   I rocked back and forth from leg to leg, but that really
didn't help, other than to pass a few more minutes.

I had to go so bad I was just about out of my mind.   I had decided that
punishment or no punishment I was going to piss against that tree again.   I
started to make my way towards it when my bladder said, "fuck you jerk," and
started emptying as I walked.  

My hand was still squeezing the end of my dick, but the piss forced its way out.  
Now I had piss all over my hand, crotch and legs.   I let go of my dick in
surprise and a big, hot stream shot out in front of me.   Well dink head, I
thought, another punishment coming your way.

No sooner did I finish emptying my bladder then the door opened and Pat came
out.   Wouldn't you fucking no it.   A couple of more seconds and I could have
avoided another punishment.

He walked right over to me.   I must have been crying before my bladder let go,
because he asked me.

"What's wrong Dink?   Why the tears?"

I looked him in the eye and then began to laugh hysterically.   I laughed and
laughed.   He just stood there gaping at me.  He must have thought I had lost my
mind.   When I finally got the laughing under control I told him.

He shook his head.  "You really know how to bring the walls tumbling down on
yourself.  You know that the spotter is going to tell him and he will probably
punish you." 

I explained that I had used the tree earlier, that Charlie was not happy about
it and said he was going to punish me.   I then told him about the beer and that
I had chug-a-lugged them.   Then I told him that I was a complete fucking idiot.

He smiled at that, shook his head yes, in agreement, then asked me if I was
ready to go back inside.   I said yes and in we went.

After the warmth of the sunshine, my bare skin found it rather cool inside the
building.   I gave a little shiver as we were entering the cell room.

"Are you cold?" Pat asked.

"A little chilly, Pat.   It is cool in here compared to that warm sun."  I
answered.

"You will adjust again shortly Dink, but if you feel chilled let me know and we
will bump up the heat in here."

"Ok."  I answered.

"I have a couple of more chores to do before lunch time,  Dink.   I am going to
leave you alone.   I won't lock you in the cell, but you must promise to behave
yourself.?  he said seriously.

"I'll behave." I answered.

"I hope so, because if you do anything stupid, I will be on a plane to a slave
auction by one o'clock this afternoon.   Charlie has left it entirely up to me
whether to lock you in the cell or not.  Please don't let me down Dink.  Slaves
that end up in that auction are dead within two months of leaving here."

I was shocked by this.   His life was on the line for letting me stay outside
the cell.  My love for him was growing in leaps and bounds.

"I promise on my life, Pat.  I will do nothing that will get you sent away."  I
swore as I kissed him on the cheek.

"I didn't think you would, Dink.  I trust you completely."  he kissed me back,
but on the lips.

"See you in about and hour and we can have lunch together." he said as he exited
from the cell room.

He locked the cell room door though.  I didn't give a shit, I had the whole cell
room, the cell and the washroom all to myself.  I could go anywhere in these
rooms that I wanted.  I didn't need to ask permission or have someone take me.  
I felt great.

When my bladder let go, I got piss not only on my hand, but also all over my
groin and legs.   I decided that a nice, long, hot shower would be great, so off
I went to the washroom.

When I entered the washroom the first thing I noticed was that a door, located
on the right wall, that had always been closed and locked, was now sitting wide
open.   I went over and looked through.   It led down a small hallway.  At the
end of the hallway was another door, that door was also open.

My heart really started to beat quickly now and my breathing became rushed.  
That door led outside.   I could see some grass and the sun shining on it.   I
could escape,  I had an hour to get away.   I started to go out the door, but
then came to a stop.  

I couldn't go.   If I went, whether I got away or not, Pat would be on a plane
to his death, and I would be responsible.   If it had been Pete or Larry I don't
think I would have thought twice, I would have gone.   But Pat, Pat had never
once done anything to hurt me.  In fact it was always him that patched me up. 
It was always him that was there when I needed someone.

No, I would die before I would betray him.  I grabbed the door knob and pulled
the door closed.   I walked away, turned and looked back longingly for a few
minutes.   I shook my head, turned and went  to the shower.  

I must have spent a good 45 minutes under the shower.   I actually was afraid to
get out.  Afraid that I might abandon my friend and take that doorway to
freedom.   But finally I couldn't stay under the water any longer and shut it
off.    I dried myself down good and headed back to the cell room, not even
daring to look towards that door.

Pat arrived with lunch a few moments after I had returned to the cell room.

We sat down to eat.

"Pat." I said.

"Yes Dink?" he answered.

"Pat there is a door in the washroom.  It is unlocked and it leads outside.  
Pat I wanted to leave so badly."  tears were falling down my cheeks.

"It was all I could do to force myself to stay.    I just couldn't stand the
thought of Charlie putting you on a plane and sending you to die a horrible
death.  But I wanted to go so bad.   Get someone to lock that door please Pat.  
I can not stand the temptation."

He got up from his chair and came around to me.   He lifted me up into his arms
and kissed me deeply, while his arms went around me and pulled me close.

"Harold, no one has ever loved me enough to give up so much for me, before." he
whispered as he pulled back for a moment.

"You are a very special man, Harold, and I love you very much.   I will do
everything in my power to look after you and protect you."  his lips found mine
again and he gave me another deep kiss.

I felt so loved at that moment.   Pat was everything I had ever dreamed about. 
He was the man that I would like to keep house for.   To look after his every
need.   If only we could have met under different circumstances.

After eating there was enough time for us to give each other a great blow job,
then get into some more heavy kissing. 

When Pete and Larry arrived to take me for my slave training, Pat told me to
relax and do what they said and it would be ok.   That with time I really would
come to love what they were going to teach me.  He gave me another kiss and was
gone.

"Well Dink, are you ready to learn what being a slave is really all about?" 
Pete began.

I got down on my knees, looked at the floor and said, "Yes, Sir.  I am ready to
be trained, Sir."

"That's the spirit, Dink.  For this training session it would be a big hindrance
if you are always looking at the floor.   So for the rest of the afternoon you
may forget about the kneeling and looking at the floor shit."

"Thank you, Sir." I said getting up to my feet.

"If you try, I think you will really enjoy yourself this afternoon."  he said
with a big smile.   "Dink, a slaves life is really all about sex."  .

I was really taken aback.  I must have had an incredulous look on my face.

"Ah, I see that surprises you, Dink."  Larry said,  "I would have thought you
would have guessed that by now.   Everything we have done to you so far is
sexual foreplay.  Maybe not the kind of foreplay you are used to, or have had
fantasies about, but it was foreplay."

"After every session with you, and sometimes even during the sessions, Pete and
I would release a load, sometimes more than one."  Larry said with a smile.

"You really are a turn on when you are screaming in pain, Dink.   Fuck a couple
of times I almost came just from watching you scream."  Larry continued.

"Well enough of past history."  said Pete.  "What we will do for the next couple
of hours is prepare you for what to expect tonight at Charlie's party.   If it
is any consolation,  Larry, Pat and I will also be there and we will be doing
the same things you are.   The only difference is that we will not be in doggie
mode.    It might also make you feel better about all of this if you know that
we have all gone through doggie mode and still do from time to time.   Charlie
is the Master and we obey." 

"Now are you ready to learn, Dink?" Larry asked.

"Ah....ya, I guess I am ready, Sir."  I answered.

"Ah, Sir's, thank you for telling me, it does make me feel better." 

"No problem Dink.   Just give us a moment to strip."  Pete said.

They both quickly stripped down.   The first thing I noticed was that they both
and no hair what-so-every other than on the head.  It looked so strange to see
two grown men completely hairless.  Aside from that they were very handsome,
well built men.   Both would come in at around 6' 2", 240 - 250 lbs.   Massive
chests with well defined pecks and a fantastic 6 pack and buns to die for. 
These boys spent much time in that weight room that I had visited with Pat.

Pete was uncut and his dick looked to be about 4 in. flaccid, with a magnificent
set of low hangers.   Larry's dick had been cut and was at least 6 in. flaccid,
as well it was extremely thick, I was guessing  it would measure in at about 2"
in diameter, erect it would be a monster.

Larry's balls were huge, however, they were pulled up tight into his crotch.   I
remember thinking, it must be a bit painful trying to walk with them being so
big and pulled up so tight.

Larry saw me staring at his dick and began to laugh.

"Scaring the shit out of ya, ain't it Dink.  Don't worry I know how to use it
and your going to love it."  and he laughed some more.

I turned red with shame, caught red handed staring at another man's jewels.

I turned away and noticed that Pete had gone over to the sink and was filling a
larger tumbler with water.   He lifted it to his lips and drank it all down in
one go.  He refilled the glass and drank it down again.  He did it again.  He
must have been really thirsty to drink three huge glasses like that.

He turned from the sink and came back towards me.  His nuts which were hanging
almost to his knees were swaying back and forth and banging gently against his
legs, as he walked.  I felt my dick stirring.

Larry was now making his way to the sink and then be damned if he didn't do the
same thing Pete had just done.   Strange, I thought to myself.

"Let's go over to the table Dink and we will get you started with the first part
of this afternoon's lessons."  he said. 

We made our way over.

"Now Dink have you ever rimmed anyone?" Pete asked.

"Ah, no Sir,  the idea does not exactly turn me on."  I said with disgust in my
voice.

It then dawned on me that they were going to force me to lick there fucking ass
holes.   Now I was starting to panic.

"Easy, Dink.   Settle down."   Pete said gently.

I had started to really shake and I think I may have turned white.

"It is not bad.  It really isn't.  It is only the idea that is a problem.  
Larry and I are both very, very clean.    There is no shit on our asses, nor for
that matter is there any in our bowels.   We have both had a thorough bowel
cleaning before we came."  Pete reassured me.

"Do I really have to do this, Sir?"  I asked in a weak voice.

"Afraid so, Dink.   Charlie wants it.   Believe me, once you try it and once you
have had it done to you, you will love it." 

"We are now going to clean your bowels, Dink.   After all we don't want to be
eating your shit, now do we."  Larry said with a laugh.

"Up on the table Dink, and place your feet up in the stirrups."  I did as he
ordered.  

He reached under the table  pulled up a long metal tube that was attached it to
the side of the table.   Connected to the tube were two hoses, one above the
other.  The top one was a half inch in diameter.  The bottom one was at least 2
inches in diameter.   Both of the hoses were attached to a weird looking dildo.  

The larger hose connected to the end of the dildo, while the small one was
connected on the top and about two or three inches up from the end where the big
hose was attached.  The rest of the dildo portion was about eight inches long. 

"This is an automated enema server, Dink."  Larry said.  "Have you ever had an
enema?"

"Ah... no, Sir, I haven't."  I answered nervously.

"No problem, it is a bit uncomfortable the first two or three times but after
that you will love them.   If you go on a regular enema routine, you will never
have to have a normal shit again."  Larry laughed.

"Now the automatic enema server will do everything that needs to be done.  All
you have to do is just lay there and enjoy it.  It will fill you with the
cleaning solution, keep tabs on the bowel pressures, and do the timing.   Then
it will let you empty out and suck away all the crap."  Pete explained.

"You will get two cleanings and three rinses, Dink."  Larry carried on the
explanation.

"During the cleaning session you may get some cramping,  Pete and I will be here
to rub your gut and help you through that.  By the time you get to the rinses
you will no longer have any cramping, or if you do they will be just little
things that are hardly noticeable."

"Once the process is started it will go right through to the end.  We can pause
it along the way if we like." Pete continued.  "You must not try to get up or
move around too much.   The best thing is to lay as still as possible and let
the machine do it's job."

"Ok," Larry said.  "I am now going to insert the valve up your rectum.   We will
apply a locking device which will keep it inside until the cycle is finished."

Without anymore talk, they pushed the valve, it looked like a big dildo to me,
up my ass.   It was just about the same size as the fucking thing that held my
tail on so it slipped right in.

"Ok, Dink now keep still we are going to start the cycle."  Pete cautioned.

I heard a sudden gurgling of water and felt a deliciously warm feeling in my
rectum.   I could actually feel the water invading my innards.  It was a strange
feeling, but it was warm and sensual.  My dick started to rise up.

"Ah Dink,"  Pete said with a smile,  "I see you are enjoying this."

"Oh yeah it feels wonderful." I answered.

The water continued to flow into my innards.  I could feel my stomach beginning
to rise and looked down.  Sure enough it was rising.  It still felt fantastic, I
lay back and closed my eyes.

"Aiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeee."  I suddenly cried out in pain.

The first cramp had been a doozy.   I broke out into a cold sweat right away.  I
felt nauseous.  The pain was something else.  Pete and Larry were standing on
either side of the table and had been waiting for the cramps to start.   They
both began rubbing my stomach.

"It's ok, Dink.   The cramps are from all the crap pulling away from the bowel
linings.   You ain't never had your bowel cleaned before so there is a lot of
shit stuck up there."  Pete said as he rubbed in concert with Larry.

The rubbing did help, I felt the cramp easing, but it no sooner eased then
another took it's place and I cried out again.   The machine was still pumping
water into me and I felt bloated.

"Can't you turn off the water flow." I gasped.  "I feel like I am going to
explode.

"Nope."  Larry answered.  "The machine gages the internal pressure and will turn
off the flow when it gets to just the right pressure to clean the bowels good.  
It will maintain that pressure for approximately 6 minutes once it is reached."

"Well I sure.......ayieeeeeeeeee... huhuhu hope it stops pumping,  ahaaaaa.....
soon."  I gasped out between little cries of pain.

"I don't know how much longer I can handle this."

"Relax Dink,"  Pete said,  "We are going to try and take your mind off the
cramping now.   Larry is going to climb up on the table and sit over your face.  
We will teach you how to rim.   If you do it right you will give your partner
the most fantastic feelings."

"Can't you wa.....aaaaaaaaiiiiieeeeeeee, wait..aaaa ...... ohhhhhh, aahhh, wait
until the pains are gone."  I begged, desperate to put this sickening act off as
long as possible.

"Afraid not Dink,  it is a most appropriate time.  You are having a lot of pain
and the idea of doing something that really turns you off or sickens you will
help you get your mind away from the pain."  Larry said as he climbed up onto
the table.

He positioned himself right over my face and squatted down.   There was his bald
ass hole staring my right in the eye.   It was a bright pink and looked very
clean.  As his hole got closer to my face I expected to smell shit, but there
was no shit smell at all, just the smell of male musk, the same as you would
find around the cock and balls.

"Now Dink I want you to let your tongue  just very gently touch all around the
outside of my hole, that is why we call it rimming.   You do it with quick
little flicks of the tongue.  Now go ahead and try it."  Larry ordered.

I knew I couldn't get out of it, so I closed my eyes lifted my head a bit and
let my tongue touch the rim of his ass hole.  Then again and again.

"That's it Dink, now try to set a nice steady rhythm."  Larry said through some
loud moans of pleasure.

I really was surprised, it was not bad at all.  There was no shitty smell or bad
taste.   The taste was not much different than I got from the cock and balls,
just like the smell.  I was actually beginning to enjoy it because of all the
moaning Larry was doing.   It was obvious I was giving him pleasure.

"Now Dink,"  Larry gasped.  "Start to leave your tongue right on the rim and
lick, just like you would the shaft of a cock or the sack of the balls.   Be
sure to swirl the tongue arouuu......ooooohhh....   oh yes that's the way." he
gasped out. 

I felt something wet hit my forehead and opened my eye to see what was going on.  
Larry's massive dick was standing straight up, throbbing, pulsing and pointing
towards the ceiling.   Long silver ropes of precum were dangling down.   It was
one of those long strings that had hit my forehead.

Between the feelings in my bowels, the sensations of performing my first rim job
and the sight of that massive cock, my own dick had risen and was throbbing like
mad.   Suddenly I felt a hand go around it and begin to wank me.   Pete was
keeping himself busy.

I lifted an arm and grasped that massive poker of Larry's and began a slow wank
while I licked his ass hole.   He was really moaning now.

"Aaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiyyyyyyyyeeeee".  I screamed out in pain.  Putting an
end to all the pleasure I had been feeling.

A massive cramp had took hold of my guts.  My insides felt like they were being
ripped apart.   Pete let go of my cock and began a really good rub down of my
gut.  Larry jumped down from the table and helped him.   In a few seconds they
eased the cramp considerably.

My whole body was in a cold sweat.   The water flow into my body had turned off.  
I was on the 6 minute hold, but I had not noticed the water shut off.   I had no
idea how long into the hold I was.  I only knew that the fucking cramping was
tearing me apart inside.

"Take deep breaths and hold them to a count of 10, then release slowly,
completely under control, Dink.  It will help you to relax.  The more you can
get yourself to relax the less pain you will have."  Pete instructed.

I listened closely and followed his instructions, the pains began to ease.  I
don't know how long I kept it up, but suddenly I felt all that horrible stuff
filling me up, start to drain away.   The machine was sucking out the crap.   I
breathed a sigh of relief.

Once it had sucked everything out it began to fill me again right away.   I only
had a few minutes of respite before the cramping started anew.  However the
cramping was not as bad as it had been the first time.   They still made me
scream out, but my insides didn't feel like it was being torn apart.

Larry climbed back up on the tabel and we started again from where he had left
off.   When he was well turned on and I had done the flicking the tongue bit,
followed by the lapping or licking, he instructed me to push my tongue right up
and into his hole.

I felt sick inside and the hard on that had been throbbing between my lets began
to subside.   Pete noticed this and wrapped his hand a round it and began to
wank me.    To keep me stimulated so I could enjoy sticking my fucking tongue up
his buddies asshole.  That was the worst part of the whole thing,  I did enjoy
sticking my tongue up Larry's asshole, even though it sickend me at the same
time.

Between my fucking his asshole with my tongue and wanking that massive cock,
Larry finally went ridged and I watched as his balls pulled even tighter in his
nut sack.   Then he gave a scream and I watched facinated as his love juice shot
shot up towards the ceiling.

After Larry climbed down, Pete took his place and we just repeated what had
happened with Larry.   However, while they both had kept me stimulated, neither
had brought me anywhere near the point of shooting.    My nuts were full, but
they didn't seem to give a shit.   I had got them off and they just abandoned
me.

The rinse cycles were no problem at all, the cramping was almost unnoticeable. 
Once the machine was disconnected Larry and I headed for the shower.  Pete said
he would clean the equipment and get it put away.

After the shower it was back to the cell room.  

"Dink, come over here and get down on your knees." Pete ordered upon my return. 

I went right to him and got down on my knees in front of him.

"Lean forward, stick your tongue out and lift up my dick with it."  he
commanded.

I did as ordered and knelt there with Pete's dick resting on my tongue.  What
the hell is this in aid of I wondered.

"Now Dink, form your tongue into a trough, but keep it under my dick."

Again I complied, but I was not happy with the thoughts that were going through
my mind.   I knew what was coming.   The bastard was going to piss in my mouth.  
They both were.  That's why they had drunk all that water just before we began
this session.

My sudden realization of what was going to happen must have registered on my
face.

"Yes, Dink.  I am going to piss in your mouth.   Not only that Dink, you must
swallow it, every drop.   This time I am going to piss slowly so that you can
keep up.  But as the afternoon goes on Larry and I will increase the rate.  You
must learn to take the piss at the same rate that it is pissed out.  A slave is
not permitted to let any of it spill."

Tears formed in my eyes.  Oh how did I ever get into this mess.   Please someone
some where, please help me.  Then I felt the warm urine enter my mouth.

It did not taste good at all.   It was salty, warm and....well......it was yuck. 
It was all I could do to force myself to swallow.  But knowing the consequences
of not swallowing, made it a little easier, but not by much.

I must admit that Pete and Larry were very helpful.   They had total control of
their bladders and did not swamp me.  When they had both finished.  They told me
it was time to do some serious rimming.

I wanted to go and stick my fingers down my throat to puke up the piss, but they
said no.   I had to keep it inside.  The only way it would be permissible to get
rid of it would be through my own bladder.

Pete went to the cupboard and brought out a couple of big blankets which he
spread on the floor.  In just a few minutes they were teaching me all the
different position for rimming.

I rimmed Pete for a while, with him squatted over my face.  Then Larry lay down
on his back, lifted his legs and I got on my knees behind him, bent over and
went to work.   Then Pete adopted the same position but this time I presented my
ass hole to him.  I rimmed him while he rimmed me.

It was the first time that I had ever felt a tongue on my ass and it nearly
started me to shooting my load.  I could not believe how fantastic it felt.   At
that moment I was really happy that they and Charlie had forced me to do this
rimming thing.

Now Larry stood up with his legs spread wide, he bent over at the waist and I
moved in from behind.

Pete brought a chair over, placed one leg on the chair and I moved in.

It went on and on like this each time they would present a slightly different
way of performing this fantastic act.  They were then both ready to piss again
and I had to adopt the position.   They both increased the stream that they let
go into my mouth.  I had to swallow much faster this time to keep up.

When they were finished they both went back to the sink and filled up on water
again.   Damn I wondered, how much more of this damned stuff were they going to
make me drink? 

When they got back I told them that my bladder was full and I had to go as well.

"No problem, Dink." Larry said, just hang on a moment.

He went to the cupboard and came back with a huge, glass beer stein.  

"Piss in this Dink." he said holding the stein down near my dick.

A little embarrassed at this, I placed my pecker on the lip of the glass and
almost filled it.  When I was finished I shook carefully.   Larry lifted the
stein up and looked at it.

"Man you had one full bladder, Dink."  he then handed the stein to me.  "Now
drink it down."

"Please guys, please don't make me do this." I begged with tears in my eyes
again. 

Drinking piss right from their cocks was bad enough, but being forced to drink
my own piss, from a glass somehow seemed even worse.

"Drink it Dink, or we will have to tell Charlie you refused to learn your slave
lessons.  You know what will happen then.   Is it worth your life, Dink?" Pete
asked.

With tears flowing down my cheeks, completely humiliated and mortified, I
brought the stein to my lips and drank my own piss.   It was the most horrible
tasting liquid I had ever had in my mouth.

When the stein was empty, they both congratulated me and we went on with our
training.   I felt completely ill.  What I didn't know was that is was going to
get worse.

If I thought what had gone on before was bad, I was in for a real shock now. 
Pete opened the cell room door a spoke a few words.  He stepped back holding the
door open.

A tall skinny man entered the room.  I had never seen him before and my hands
instinctively covered my dick.  Larry had gone and got a chair and set it up on
the edge of the blanket.   The man was ushered to the chair and he sat down.

"Dink," Pete said, "I would like you to me Ed."

Keeping one hand over my dick and nuts, I proffered the other to Ed.

"Glad to meet you Ed." I said.

He ignored my hand.

"Get on your fucking knees slave." he spit out at me.

Totally shocked by his viciousness, I dropped to my knees.

"My fucking feet are aching, bitch.  Get my shoes and socks off."  he ordered.

I quickly reacted, undoing the laces on his boots and pulling them off.   A
mighty, rank odour filled the air immediately.   It was completely nauseating.  
It was all I could do to hold my stomach down the smell was so bad.

"What are you waiting for, Bitch?" he screamed at me.  "Get the fucking socks
off too."

Holding back my stomachs desire to heave, I grabbed one sock and pulled it off
then the other.  I quickly stuffed them into the boots, hoping that it would
stop the odour.

"What the fuck are you doing with my socks asshole?"  he screamed again.  "Now
you pull those fucking socks out of my boots and stuff them in your cocksuking
mouth, you little puke."

In my mouth, no fucking way was I putting those evil fucking socks in my mouth.

"What the fuck are you waiting for, I told you to stuff them now stuff them." he
bellowed again.

I just couldn't do it.   At that moment I would have rather died than put those
dirty, stinky socks in my mouth.

Pete and Larry grabbed my arms and pulled them up behind my back.

"No I cried out.  Don't, please don't, I am begging, please Pete, please Larry,
please Ed, don't do it, please." I begged and cried.  

Pete and Larry pushed me close to Ed.  Well I have to say for once the boys
listened to my plea.  They didn't force those socks into my mouth.   Nor did Ed. 
No, they didn't fill my mouth with dirty sock,  they filled it with Ed's dirty
feet instead.

Larry grabbed my balls with his free hand and began to squeeze.   Not enough to
cause serious pain, but enough to let me know that I would do what I was told or
be in real agony.  With no option I opened my mouth and he eased up on my nuts.

They forced my to lick his feet clean. They were the dirtiest feet I had every
seen in my entire life.   There was black, gooey stuff between each of his toes
and it made me sick to my stomach licking it out, but they made continue.  I
would lick it out, puke and then be forced back to lick some more.

My stomach was completely empty by the time Ed's first foot was clean.  Then the
second one was placed up to my mouth.  I licked all the crap off that foot and
it stayed inside me.  I didn't have enough of anything in my stomach to be able
to puke it out. 

I was forced to lick both of those feet until they were as clean as though he
had taken a shower.  Only then was I released.

I sat back and just cried from the humiliation and violation of my system.

They all just waited quietly for me to settle down.

"Would you like a glass of water to clean your mouth, Dink?"  Larry asked
quietly.

"Please." I answered.

"Come on over to the sink and you can clean your mouth to your hearts desire."
he said.

I went over and rinsed a few times, but the taste was still there.  The
knowledge of all that filth that I had been forced to swallow, made me feel ill.

"May I brush my teeth?" I asked.

"Sure, go ahead."  Larry said.

When I had cleaned my mouth as well as possible.  I went back to the blanket. 
They had cleaned up the mess from my puking.  

Ed looked my straight in the eye.

"That was pretty bad, wasn't it Dink?" he asked in a much kinder voice.

"Yes Sir.  The worst thing I have ever had in my mouth, Sir." I answered
honestly.

"Well yes, it probably was.  It was the dirtiest pair of feet you will ever be
asked to clean.  It is very doubtful you will ever come across any dirtier or
even anywhere near as dirty."  Ed said.

That made me feel a little better.

"As a slave you are going to be required to put things in your mouth that
disgust you Dink, but nothing will ever be worse than those feet you just
cleaned.  Whenever you are confronted with something bad, just remember the feet
and that something will not seem so bad at all."

"Yes Sir." I responded to his pause.

"I kept those feet dirty for four weeks just to give you that experience, Dink. 
Don't hate me.  You only suffered for less than an hour, I have been suffering
for four weeks.   But I was glad to do it, to help a fellow slave learn."

"Thank you Sir, I didn't realize, Sir." I responded.

"It's ok Dink, good luck tonight."  he took my hand, shook it and left.

I was stunned, what kind of people were these.   One minute they were treating
me like shit, the next they were falling all over themselves being kind.   This
guy Ed suffers for four weeks with dirty feet to try and help me learn a lesson. 
I was totally confused.

"Are you ready to continue, Dink?"  Pete asked.

"Huh, oh sorry, yes Sir."  I stuttered.

"Your not going to like this one either, dink, but nothing from now on will be
worse than those feet."  Larry said.

Pete opened the cell room door went out and I heard him talk to someone.  He
held the door open and one of the guys I had seen before out in the bar stumbled
in, and I mean stumbled.  He was sauced to the gills.  He could barely stand up
and he reeked of booze.

"Ah,....Dinky doodle,  ya,.. my turn to get my dick sucked by Dinky doodle
doggie" he laughed as he staggered over and put his arms around me.  I looked to
Pete and Larry but they just stood back and smiled.

"Careful Sir, don't want you to fall and hurt yourself." I said holding on tight
to him as he started to keel over. 

He swung a free arm around my neck.

"Give us a big, sloppy kiss there Dinky doodle doggie." he said as he brought a
brewery of breath towards my lips.

He placed his alcohol soaked lips on mine, opened his mouth and stuck his sotted
tongue in my mouth.  I had no choice but to kiss this sotted mess.  While he was
kissing and slobbering all over me, his hand found my dick and grasped on hard. 
It hurt a little, he held it so tight.

He pulled his lips away from my mouth.

"I want to feel your hot lips on my cock, Dinky doodle doggie." he spewed out
along with an incredible amount of belching. 

I thought certainly, your cock has got to taste and smell a hell of a lot better
than your mouth.  I figured it would be better if he were lying on the blanket
so I convinced him to lay down.

I then undid his belt, the top button of his pants and then unzipped him.   I
grabbed his blue jeans at the cuff and pulled.  They slid right off.  Next I
pulled down and removed his shorts.  It was not easy doing all this as the
bastard was moving all over the place and telling me to hurry up.

I got down on my knees and crawled up between his legs.   He had a beautiful
cock.  It was about six and a half inches in length, an inch and a half in
circumference and uncut.  I was amazed that he had a stiff boner, considering
how drunk he was.

I started working on it gently, flicking my tongue up and down the shaft, he
moaned a bit and made some weird gurgling sounds.  I brought my fingers up and
started massaging his balls.  He liked it, I heard him give a gasp.

Pete bent over and whispered in my ear.

"This might be a good chance to practice your rimming technique, Dink.  Larry
and I will hold his legs up so you can go to work on him." 

Good old Pete, give me an option, but only one choice.   Damned.  I didn't know
this guy and they wanted me to lick his fucking asshole.  I turned my head and
looked at him while this drunk guy's cock was deep in my mouth.   He gave me the
yes nod,  I reluctantly gave it back.

They each grabbed one of the guys legs and lifted and pulled them up towards his
head, so his asshole was presented to me.   I bent forward and started flicking
my tongue.   I got an instant surprise.   This ass wasn't as clean and Pete and
Larry's had been.  It had a smell of shit.

I couldn't stop with the licking though.  Pete and Larry would tell Charlie I
refused to let them train me and I would be on a plane to a foreign country to
die a terrible, but unknown death.  So I licked this semi-clean asshole.

After a while I didn't notice the smell or the taste.  Actually it started to
smell and taste pretty good, my own dick was throbbing.   I was as turned on as
the guy whose ass I was licking.

"Get your tongue right inside his hole, Dink.  You know how to do it, you
practiced it enough with us."  Larry said in my ear.

I pushed my tongue against the man's rose bud, then forced it in.   I heard him
give an instant moan of pleasure. I then began to tongue fuck his glory hole
while one hand wanked his throbbing cock and the other massaged his balls.

He was heaving and humping all over the place he was so turned on.   My ability
to turn this man on like this only made my own turn on even greater.  I was
needing to unload my nuts.   What with all the excitement earlier, but not
getting release, and now this.

When I sensed that he was very close to cumming, I replaced my tongue with a
finger, the boys lowered his legs and I had his dick back in my mouth for the
climax.   It wasn't long in coming.   It squirted a big load of the most
amazingly  sweet cum I had ever tasted.  Most cum has a bit of a tart or bitter
taste to it, but not this man.   A nectar, particular to him and him alone.  Oh
I would love to suck him again.

I greedily slurped up every drop of his man juice.   It was so good, I didn't
want to loose a single drop.   When he finished spurting, I continued to lick
and suck on his beautiful dick.   If it was possible to fall in love with just a
cock, then I had fallen in love with this one.

Right after blowing his load the man fell into a deep, alcohol induced sleep.  
Pete opened the cell room door, poked his head out and a couple of guys came in
with a gurney.   They lifted the drunk up, placed him on the gurney then wheeled
him out.

"Hey, ya did a great job there, Dink." Pete complimented.

"Ya, a mighty fine job." Larry added.

I didn't know whether to feel proud or to just hate these two even more than I
already did.

"Charlie is going to be very, very happy with your progress, Dink.  He will
probably give you a reward for being a good student.   He really isn't as bad as
you may think.   He rewards his slaves for good behavior."  Pete said.

"We know that you are pissed at us for what we have made you do, but are going
to give Charlie a very good report on your progress.  We only do what is
necessary to obey Charlie.   Even though we enjoyed ourselves at your expense,
we never step over the line that Charlie sets.  Now,  we still have about 45
minutes before we have to go and attend to some other business before dinner
time.  Is there anything we can do for you?"  Larry asked.

"Well, Sir's," I said with my head down, shit I still felt shame in front of
these two.

"I have a set of nuts full of cream and I really would like to empty them.  
Would either or both of you be willing to help?"

"Goddamned right we would." Larry said lunging for me.  

"Me too."  Pete said as he joined us.

We spent the next 45 minutes making each other cum.  I got to empty my nuts
twice and was as happy as the proverbial, "Pig in shit."  All the horrors of the
afternoon forgotten.    All the horrors of the evening to come, not even thought
about..........yet.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 7

Charlie's Party Begins.

"My advice Dink, don't eat anything now." Pat said. 

He had arrived not long after Pete and Larry had departed.

"Things are going to go down to night that could very well make you puke.  If
you have an empty stomach you won't make a mess.  If you don't make a mess, they
won't be able to force you to lick it up."

I looked at him with unbelieving eyes.

"Oh yes, Harold.  If you puke out there they will force you to lick it up and
you will.  I've been a slave here a long time and I learned long ago to make
sure my stomach is always empty before one of these things."

"It's going to be bad, isn't it?"  I asked.

"For you, because it is your first one, probably it will seem bad.  For Pete,
Larry and I it will be great fun.   You will like them much better when you
attend as a regular slave, rather than as a dog.  They do treat regular slaves
much better than the dogs."

"I really am scared Pat." I said.

"Well the three of us will try to help you as much as possible.  The most
important thing is to just let it all flow Harold.  Don't try fighting it and
make absolutely sure you never utter any sounds that can be construed as being
human.  If you do, you will pay a very severe price.  Nothing that has been done
to you up till now will even compare.  Those cramps you had from the cage will
pale into insignificance compared to what they will do to you." he paused to let
this sink in.

"Harold, if you fuck up out there you could wind up dead or worse, by morning.  
So don't.   Pete and Larry have done their very best to prepare you, remember
your lessons."

Scared out of my wits now.   I was feeling really ill inside.   This was really
going to be hell night.  I just prayed I could get through it.

"Let's just have a drink and sit here until it is time to get ready to go.  We
can just talk and relax.  Believe me it is the best thing to do."

"Ok." I answered hesitatingly.

"What would you like to drink, name it and it is yours."  he said.

"I would suck a mean cock for a coke, Pat.  I am addicted to the stuff and
haven't had one since I was brought here."  I answered right away.

"You got it."  he said.  "In fact I will bring you a case and you can keep them
here for whenever you feel like one."

"Thanks Pat."  I said, my eyes filling with tears.

"Why do you look after me so well?  I have never done anything for you." I said.

"Let's just say I like you a lot, Harold.   I like you a whole lot." he got up
and left the cell room.

I noticed that he didn't lock the door when he left.  In the past I always heard
the lock snap shut when one of them left.  That snap did not take place this
time.  I didn't even bother to get up and check.  It might be a test and I
wasn't taking any chances on getting in more hot water then was necessary.

When Pete and Larry arrived to get me ready, Pat left saying he would see me
after the party. 

Pete and Larry were both naked except for a black collar, similar to mine and a
black leather pouch that barely concealed there jewels.  They looked so sexy, my
dick gave a lurch.

I didn't have to be told to get up on the table.  I went straight there as Pat
was going out the door.

Pete and Larry had me ready in just a few minutes.  They gave me the caution,
that I was now a dog and must be a dog completely until told otherwise.   They
lifted me up and placed me on the floor.

Larry scratched me behind the ear, pulled a doggie biscuit out of his pocket and
pushed it into my mouth.   Shit, I hated that, but chewed the fucking thing up
and swallowed.

He told me to go lay down until it was time to go.  One of the blankets was
still on the floor so I went over, got myself down and waited.    It was quite a
wait.   Pete and Larry talked quietly over by the table.   I could not hear any
of their conversation.

After a wait that seemed like an hour or more Larry finally called me.

"Here Dinky, come on boy, time to go."

He had the leash in his hand and I made my way over to him.   He fastened the
leash and they both headed for the door with me trailing along behind.

Out in the hall I could hear the noise from the party.  From the sound of it I
figured there must be a lot of people there.  At the door to the bar, they
stopped.

"Ok Dink, the play acting is over.   For the next few hours, this is real, this
is serious stuff.  Behave the way we taught you and you will come through with
flying colors.  You may have a few aches and pains and a gut full of piss, but
you will have pleased Charlie, and that is all that is important."  Pete said.

"Are you ready, Dink?" Larry asked.

I bit the bullet, might as well get it over with.  All this waiting was only
making my fear worse.

"Rrrrough." I barked, (yes).

Pete opened the door and the noise nearly knocked us over.  As soon as we
entered a loud cheer went up around the room.  I couldn't see anything, the
fucking eye piece made sure of that.   If I closed my left eye, I could see legs
with my right.  If I closed my right, I could see legs on my left.  With them
both open I just got dizzy so I kept them closed.

I had to trust Pete and Larry to lead me wherever it was we were going.  As we
started to make our way through the crowd, I felt hands on my back, ass and
nuts.   Ya, they were playing with my nuts as I crawled into the room.  Under
the face piece, my face must have been scarlet.

Larry led me straight to Charlie.  I knew it was Charlie because the first thing
he did was start scratching me behind the ear.   Then I was able to make out his
voice through the din of the crowd.

He bent down close to my ear.

"Ah Dinky my beautiful dog.  You are the hit of this party already.  They love
you.   The way you wag your tail is great. Now just hold still a moment, Pete
and Larry are going to pick you up and place you on the table.   I want all my
guests to see what a wonderful dog I now own."

Not bad enough he's got me crawling around on the floor acting like a fucking
dog, now he wants to display me on a table.  I was just about ready to shit
myself.

Without a word, Pete and Larry had a hold of me and the next thing I knew I was
on the table.   Well there was on consolation, up here I could now see around
the room, if I used one eye at a time.

There must have been a signal or something, for all of a sudden the room became
deadly quiet.   Considering how many people were there it was uncanny how quiet
it was.

"Gentlemen.  Before me stands my latest acquisition.  Dinky doggie." he said
proudly.

A chuckle ran through the crowd when he mentioned the name they had given me.

"It has taken a lot of work by Pete and Larry to get him trained.   He was a
very stubborn dog in the beginning.  He fought us at every turn, but finally he
came around and now is just perfect.   He will be put back down on the floor
shortly and you may all play with him to your hearts content."

A big round of applause, wolf whistles and cheers followed that announcement.

"But first I have a very sad duty to perform.  I am afraid Dinky doggie still
has some very rough edges.  This morning while out of his doggie state, Dink
boldly pissed against a tree in my courtyard."

There was a big, gasp of incredulity from the guests.   My shame rose through
the roof.  He was telling them about my pissing against the tree.  I hoped he
wasn't going to tell them about my pissing myself.

"But even worse then that."  he said.

Damit, he was going to tell them about me pissing myself.   I wanted some place
to hide I felt so bloody centered.

"Not an hour after I had admonished him for such a disgraceful act, one of my
aids was walking by an upstairs window and saw him wandering around the
courtyard playing with his fucking dick.   No shame at all.  Walking around,
bold as brass playing with his fucking cock."

Another big gasp from the crowd.   I was shriveling up into a ball.  I felt
about half an inch high.   He was blowing this all out of reality.

"Now the final disgusting act, he starts pissing on himself."

Another loud gasp.  And I shrink even lower.

"You heard right, gentlemen, this sick bastard started pissing on himself.  It
was all over his front and running down his legs.   He removed his hand from his
dick and then pissed all over my fucking courtyard grass as well."

More murmurs from the guests.

"I honestly think he did it to spite me." he paused.   "But I am a kind and
gentle Master." he scratched me lovingly behind the ear.  "I forgive him his
folly."

Polite applause from the guests.  

He had my attention.  He was going to let me off.  I breathed a big sigh of
relief.   From the way he had been going on I thought I was going to get another
whipping.

"However," he looked straight at me.  "he must be punished.  If news  were to
filter down to the other slaves that his disgusting behavior went unpunished, I
would have a mutiny on my hands."

Rumblings and loud applause of agreement from the guests.  

He wasn't going to let me off.  Shit what terrible diabolical torment would I be
made to suffer now, I wondered.

"No gentlemen, as much as it pains me, Dinky doggie will have to be punished. 
Now what better way to punish an errant slave then to make him select his own
punishment."

The guests break into loud applause, again.   I start to cry.

"Now I have five pieces of parchment  here all rolled up nice an tight.  Four of
them have very severe punishments, one has a complete pardon.   Dinky must
either give himself a pardon or a severe punishment.  What do you all think?"

The guests broke out into loud cheering.  I broke out into a cold sweat.   Here
it comes I thought.   Fear had crept in and I started to shake slightly.

He placed five scrolls, each wrapped with a red ribbon, onto  the table in front
of me.  I turned my head to the left and closed my left eye.  I could see them
there on the table in front of me.  Four pieces of Hell and one piece of heaven.  
Which would I get, another shiver went through my bones.

"The pardon is very generous.   Should he select it, he will be completely
pardoned and his freedom restored."  Charlie spoke out loud enough for everyone
to hear.

A complete pardon and the freedom to go home.   My heart started to beat wildly.  
I had a chance to end it all, right here, right now.   All I had to do was
choose the right scroll.  My breathing now started to become as labored as my
fast beating heart.

"The four punishments are;  Number one; A guest belting.   If he chooses this
scroll he will be strung up at the bar and every guest will be permitted to give
him 5 of the best with his own belt." 

"Number two; 50 lashes with the cat-o-nine tails to be administered by Larry,
immediately after the party.  All guest would be invited."  

"Number three; to serve for 14 days as a public urinal in the men's room.  The
modified urinal, you are all familiar with it, would be used.  He would be bound
and the urinal pipe inserted and fastened to his mouth.  He would have to drink
anything poured into the urinal.  He would serve from bar opening till bar
closing with no breaks. 

"Number four; to be impaled on the golden cock for 5 full days without respite.
He pointed to a large golden penis  attached to one of the walls.  He would be
fed twice per day, liquids only.  He would be permitted to drain his bladder
only once per day.  His urethra would be plugged at all other times to prevent
an involuntary release."  

"Number five;  Have his urethra blocked with a urethra plug from now to the end
of this party.   During that time he will serve as a urinal for any members that
wish to make use of his services.   He will not be permitted to drain his
bladder until the urethra plug is removed at the end of this party." he finally
took a break, picked up his glass and downed half a glass of beer.

I couldn't believe how vicious each of the punishments were.   I was really
scared now,  all that torment and somewhere in there one little miracle.   Would
I be able to choose the miracle or was I going to choose the devil.

The guest were clapping, whistling and shouting.  They thought this was the
greatest thing since sliced bread.   Charlie held up his hand and the room
became silent again.

"Now Dinky, be a real good doggie and pick your punishment.  That's a good dog."
he smiled at me.

I was looking at him with my right eye.  I turned and looked down at my choices. 
They were spread far enough apart that I would able to pick one up easily.  

The pressure was intense.   Which one was the pardon, which one would save me
from all this horror.  I was shaking and sweating.    Charlie was an evil, evil
man.   Whichever scroll I choose, whatever was on that scroll,  it would have be
I that chose it and would have to live with it.   I gave a shudder.

I  couldn't take the pressure and suspense of not knowing any longer.  I made my
choice, bent down and picked the second scroll from the right up in my mouth and
turned towards Charlie.

He took it from my mouth. I turned my head quickly so I could see him.  He undid
the ribbon, let it drop, then began to unroll the scroll.   He read for a
moment.  Looked into my one eye that was pointed right at his face and smiled.

I didn't like the smile because I knew that if I had chosen the pardon he would
have been scowling.   So it was a punishment.   Which of those terrors were to
be visited upon my poor body?

"Let it be here by proclaimed." Charlie read out loud.

"That whereas, Slave Dink has made a public disgrace of himself and thereby
disgracing his Master;   And whereas, he disgraced himself in a public place, in
the same manner, for a second time;  And whereas he had been warned by his
Master that such actions were disgraceful,  Let it be know that Master Charlie,
the Master of said Slave, Dink, has decided that a punishment is warranted to
prevent this behavior from occurring in the future and to train said Slave in
the proper manners of a man."

I think Charlie was really getting his rocks off over this.  He had a big
fucking grin on his face the whole time he read that ridiculous bit of gobblety
gook. 

"Said Slave, Dink," he continued,  "was given the opportunity to choose his own
punishment from a selection of 5.   He has made his choice and this be the
punishment that he would prefer:

A urethra plug is to be inserted into his urethra.   He will become a urinal for
any guest at this gathering or any member of this household that wishes to make
use of his services.  The urethra plug will not be removed until this party has
been declared officially over, by Master Charlie, or a period of 5 full hours
has elapsed, which ever comes first.  So be it Dink's wish, so it be done." 

I didn't see the look on his face when he finished reading I was too busy
wishing I was dead.  

"Dinky doggie, play dead." Charlie commanded.

I obeyed without thinking.  I went down and over onto my back so quickly you
would have thought I had been training for a month, rather that the one session
yesterday.

Two big guys appeared at my head and held my shoulders down.  A couple more
grabbed my rear legs and pulled them apart.   I could feel the little black
leather strap thing that was tied around my dick being undone.

Someone took hold of my dick which was now becoming fully erect.   Shit this was
embarrassing.   I was being man handled and my fucking dick was getting hard.

I then felt something cold at the slit.  It was pushed in a bit and it hurt.   I
gave a little cry of pain.  

"This will be a bit painful, Dink, but there is nothing we can do about that. 
Once it is in you will not feel it.  Here, bite down on this piece of rubber
until the pain subsides."   It was Pete's voice but it was not him holding my
dick. 

He was right beside my ear talking to me.  I felt the rubber piece being pushed
gently into my mouth.  I opened and then clamped my teeth on it.

"Ok Dink hold on it is going to be placed.  It will only hurt for a moment." 
Pete said into my ear.

Then the pain came, it felt like my fucking dick were being torn off.  I bit
down hard on the piece of rubber but it only helped a wee bit.  However the pain
subsided almost as quick as it came and those that were holding me down released
me.

I felt the little leather belt being refastened around my dick.

"Up you get Dinky doggie."  Charlie commanded.   "It's all done."

I got back up on all fours and took another quick look around the room.  There
were a lot of people here, if even a very small portion of them decided to make
me drink there piss I was going to be in very poor shape well before this party
or the 5 hours was up.  

Pat then whispered in my ear that he and Larry were going to put me on the
floor, and to remember to go with the flow.   The time would pass swiftly.  They
picked me up and put me back on the floor.

"Gentlemen,"  Charlie bellowed, "Let the party begin."

I hadn't been on the floor ten seconds when someone had hold of the leash and
pulled me roughly.   I could not see who or where he was taking me but had no
choice but to follow.   As I crawled along I had hands rub my ass, grab my nuts
and slap me.

Finally whoever had me stopped.  I was beside  a chair with a big man sitting in
it, that was the last thing I was to see until the party ended.  Something was
placed on the lens of the eye piece on each side and I was now completely blind.

"Ah, that's much better Dinky doggie, you look much better with blue eyes." the
voice said while it laughed.

There were others close by and they all laughed as well.

"Do you suck cock, Dinky doggie?"  the voice asked.

"Rrrrough" I replied. (yes)

"You have learned your language lessons well I see.   Well Dinky fucking doggie,
get your sorry butt over here and take me in your mouth."  he commanded.

I wasn't sure exactly where he was and I couldn't see him.   I only had one
alternative, I headed to where I thought his voice had come from, that too was a
problem because of the noise in the room.   I was moving forward when all of a
sudden my back end was lifted right up off the ground and I howled in agony.

Someone had grabbed me by the balls and lifted me up.  My hands were still on
the floor, but my entire rear end was up in the air.  The mean bastard shook me
a couple of times causing even more pain,   then he just let go.  I dropped like
a rock right onto my knees.   The dog paws offered some protection, but they
were not meant to protect me from drops.

I let out another howl of pain.   Through out this whole ordeal, guys all around
me were egging the bastard on to lift me higher, shake me harder.  Luckily, the
prick only wanted to cause me a bit of pain, had he followed the advice he was
getting I would have lost my balls right there and then.

My knees were really hurting and I had tears of pain rolling down my cheeks. 
The bastard that had blinded me and now wanted me to suck his cock gave a
fearful yank on the leash pulling me forward.

I had to push my pain aside or get my neck torn off.   I moved forward and in
just a couple of steps his crotch was against my mouth.  His zipper wasn't
opened though.

"Come on you stupid fucking dog, unzip me and give me a fucking blowjob." he
yelled.

I felt around with my lips, trying to find the tab for the zipper.   When I
finally found it and managed to get my lips on it, I found my lips didn't have
the muscle power needed to grasp tightly and pull.  It dropped from between my
lips and I had to start again.

This time, once I got it between my lips, I grasped it with my teeth and pulled. 
It slid right down.   Getting his dick out with out the use of my hands was
impossible.   He wasn't wearing underwear and  the shaft was pressing against
the opening.   I could see and I even licked it a few times but I couldn't get
it out.

Finally I looked upwards towards where I thought his face might be and barked. 
This got his attention as well as the others.   Many snide remarks were made,
but he finally put his hand in and pulled it out.   I didn't waste anytime
working that cock.

While I was sucking him, someone was playing around with my nuts.   I wasn't
sure what the hell they were doing, but it didn't feel bad.   I had to
concentrate on getting this dick to fire it's load. 

It must have taken a good fifteen minutes or more before he finally shot his
load deep into my throat.   I swallowed it as fast as I could, but felt a little
escape through the side of my lips.  Once he finished shooting, I licked his
dick as clean as I could.   It was flaccid by now and he pulled it out of my
mouth.

I felt my collar get tugged again and had to follow the tug.  I hadn't gone very
far when there was a sudden pulling on my nuts.   That playing around I had felt
earlier, was someone had tied a rope or string or something similar around my 
nut sack.  The other end was tied to something heavy and I had to pull it along
behind me.

There were guys laughing and yelling all around me.  They thought my predicament
was hilarious.  I thought it was fucking sick.

"Sit up and beg, Dinky dog," a voice ordered.

I went upwards with my front paws straight out front as I had been taught. 
Someone on each side grabbed an arm and brought it down and around behind my
back.

"How about this boys, Dinky doggie's got a sweet pair of little doggie titties. 
Too bad the nipples ain't a little bit longer.  How's his poor puppies supposed
to get nourishment from those stubby little nipples." the voice asked.

"Ain't no puppies ever gonna be able to drink from those little fucking stubs,
Hank."  another voice said.

"Maybe we should do something to help poor old Dinky doggie to train his nipples
so they will be able to feed his poor little puppies." the voice of Hank said.

"Now that sounds like a fair and noble thing to do Hank.  Go for it."  the
second voice said.

"Anyone got a set of nipple clamps?" he yelled out.

"Hell no, but I got a pair of C-clamps." a third voice answered.

"Hey man they'll be great, we can tighten them tighter than nipple clamps
anyway.   Make this little doggie know he has nipples." and they all laughed at
that.

Meanwhile I am being held here with my arms behind my back.  Someone else is now
down fucking around with my cock and balls.   Did I mention, by the way that my
fucking traitorous cock was hard and throbbing.   It was having a grand time,
while I was suffering unending shame and humiliation.

"Here," that third voice said, I think it was Hank, "Put this one on his right
nipple while I do his left."

I felt a hand roughly grab my right nipple and squeeze tight, I let out a little
gasp of pain.   The squeezer kept squeezing while he twisted that nipple around.  
It was hurting and I howled.

Then the same thing was happening to my left nipple, these guys were really
causing me some serious pain here.  I howled and howled but it didn't do any
good they kept on squeezing and twisting.

Whoever was fucking around with my cock and balls and started wanking me and
massage my nuts and every once in a while letting a finger rub all around the my
glory hole.   His finger pushing right up against what-ever it was that held the
tail.  

After a good five minutes or so of this treatment they both stopped and I let
out a sigh of relief, but that was short lived.  I felt something cold being
placed against the tip of the right nipple, then it was being squeezed very
tight.   I really let out a howl this time.

"This dog don't half howl?"  Hank said  laughing.

"Ya they must have given him howl training."  the second voice said and they all
broke out in hysterical laughter.

I broke out in a cold sweat.  The C-clamp had been modified, I felt the pin
pierce through the nipple as the bastard tightened it.  Of course I screamed out
in pain, but they thought that was funny too.

Then I felt the same coldness against the left nipple end and they tightened up
the clamp.   I howled in pain again.   Now both of my nipples were pierced and
felt like they were on fire.   It was very, very painful. 

The wanker was still working away on my dick and what with all the things that
were happening I was getting close to release.

"Well now we got'em clamped, all we need is somethin' to make'em stretch." Hanks
voice again.

"Well now, Hank, it just so happens that I have two, two pound nipple weights
here in my pocket, now what a coincidence."  the third voice said.

"Those should work just splendidly, David."  Hank answered.

They each grabbed one of the clamps on my aching nipples and fooled around for a
second.

"Well now, David.  Should we drop them together or do it individually so Dinky
doggie gets to really feel his nipple stretchers?"  Hank asked.

"I vote for individual."  David responded.

"Ok, you get the honor of going first, seeing as they are your clamps and nipple
weights."  Hank said.

"Why thank you Hank, that is right honorable of you." David said.

I felt a sudden upward tug on my left nipple.  I gave a little gasp of pain. 
Then the pressure was released.   Just as the pain struck I realized what he had
done.   He had lifted the weight as high as possible and let it drop.  

When it hit the end of it's fall it pulled hard on my poor nipple.  I let out a
little scream of agony.  It bounced around for a few seconds causing me even
more pain.  At the same moment I started to cum, but nothing was happening.   It
was the most horrible feeling.  My nuts were trying to empty but couldn't.

Before the pain subsided in the left, I felt the right being lifted.   I now
knew what was coming and gritted my teeth.   I felt the upward pull released and
then the pain when it hit the end of the chain or rope or whatever attached it
to the clamp.

My nuts were trying even hard to empty now.  The guy that was wanking me then
stopped.   I wanted to scream, no, no but didn't dare.

"Now that looks ever so much better, Hank." David said.

"Why thank you David,  now lets put this pig slave to work.  I gotta have me a
piss."  and he laughed uproariously.

"Is the urinal open, Dinky doggie?"  he asked.

"Yes Sir, the urinal is open." I gasped through my pain and disappointment, then
opened my mouth. 

I hated this but could do nothing but obey.  Oh why couldn't I have chosen the
pardon?

I felt his dick touch my lips and I opened my mouth, stuck out my tongue and
formed it into a trough as the boys had taught me.

My nuts and dick were feeling terrible.  I prayed that this not being able to
shoot didn't damage my nuts.

Hank then began a controlled piss into my mouth.   His hot urine was bitter and
I almost gagged.  I had to work hard and concentrate fully in order to get it
all down my gullet without spilling any.  The boys had warned me that if I
spilled any I would probably be beaten.

When Hank finally was finished I licked the end of his dick and he pulled it
away.  I pulled my tongue back and closed my mouth.

"Not so fast, Dinky dog." another voice, one I had not heard before said.

"Is the urinal open?" it asked.

"Yes Sir, the urinal is open."  I replied.

He stepped up and placed his dick on my waiting tongue.   He also controlled his
piss, but he pissed much faster then Hank had.   It was a real chore keeping up
with him.

When he was finished, someone touched me on the back.

"I think the doggie has fleas,  it has an itchy back, don't ya doggie?"

"Rrrrough, rrrrough."  I answered. (No)

"Oh yes you fucking do, now show us how ya can scratch yer fuckin' back." he
yelled at me.

Realizing that I had made a mistake, playing the wise guy, I quickly lay down
and rolled over onto my back.   With my four paws up in the air I did the wiggle
on my back to scratch.   I could feel their eyes staring down at me.   I could
hear the laughter.  

The weights connected to the nipple clamps were moving back and forth, pulling
on the clamps.   My nipples were still on fire.   I prayed that they would let
me up and stop treating me so bad.  Well there was nothing to stop me from
praying,  however the prayers sure as hell weren't answered.

"Up ya get Dinky dog." someone ordered.

I got back up on my feet.   The nipple clamps dropped and I gave out another
howl of pain.    They were pulling hard on my nipples now and I sure didn't like
it much.

"Is the fucking Dinky doggie urinal open?" a voice asked.

"Yes Sir, the urinal is open." I said in a weary voice.

"Don't need it right now, just checking'." the voice said and started laughing.

"But I want a good blow job, right now.  Get that sweet doggie mouth wrapped
around my dong."  he ordered.

I made my way towards the voice and felt his knee when I bumped into it.  He was
sitting in a chair.  I moved my head around to find his crotch.

"Ah, look boys.  The Dinky dog is sniffin' around my crotch.  We got us a horny
dog here."  and he started laughing and those around him joined in.

I found his dick and started sucking.   He dick was large and fat, but the most
remarkable thing was the taste.  He must have coated it with something, 
something with a strawberry flavor.   It was fucking delicious.   I sucked for
all I was worth.

I felt someone grab my tail and pull it out of my ass.    I sighed in relief,
the thing was a real annoyance.   But that relief was very short lived.  I felt
something round, about the size of a golf ball being pushed up my ass.

I had that delicious cock down my throat and let out a little yelp of surprise
when that ball was pushed in.   Then another and another.   Oh fuck I thought,
this crazy bastard is going to fill my fucking bowels with golf balls.  

That is precisely what the prick did.   By the time he finally replaced my tail,
I had counted 15 balls pushed in.   They were extremely uncomfortable and I felt
a real need to dump.  On top of all my other miseries, that is just what I
needed, having to hold back a dump.

Strawberry dick finally exploded and filled my mouth and throat with his man
juice.  He must have squirted 6 loads down my throat before he was finally
drained.   I cleaned him up quickly and pulled away.

I felt my leash being yanked again and followed.   The nipple clamps were
swinging, causing my poor nipple to swing back and forth and send jolting pains
through my chest.   The thing tied to my balls dragged along behind, pulling on
my nut sack and causing minor pain to my nuts.   

The fucking golf balls started moving all over the place in my bowels and I had
to concentrate on not dumping.  That would be all I would need to start shooting
golf balls out of my fucking ass.  Charlie would cut my nuts off if that
happened.  So I concentrated real hard.

But concentrating is difficult when ya have to walk blind on your hands and
knees, with a pair of pulling down on recently pierced nipples and another
weight tugging at you nuts.

On top of that, my nuts had not emptied and were now starting to ache.   My dick
was fully hard and throbbing like mad.  How many hours had gone by I wondered.  
I really needed a break.

Well another wish went unfulfilled.  I was batting a thousand.

The guy that was leading me finally stopped.   I could hear what sounded like a
bunch of feet shuffle around me.  

"Now you really are a sight Dinky doggie." a voice called out and there were
murmurs of agreement.

"But I think I am going to have to tell Charlie that his doggie has some serious
flaws."  he went on, and again murmurs of agreement.

He had my instant attention.  What flaws?   What had I done wrong.   Shit just
what I need more fucking punishment.

"Of course I guess we could give him the training to help over come the flaws.  
What do you think boys?"  he asked.

There was immediate agreement.  Something bad was coming, I could feel it in my
bones.

"Now tell me Dinky doggie is there something wrong with your sniffer?"  he
asked.

"Rrrrough, rrrrough."  (no)

"Well I wonder why we ain't see ya sniffin' around like most hounds do." he
said.

"Now you get your sorry little butt over here dog and give this a real good
sniff."  he ordered.

I moved carefully towards the sound of his voice.   Then I felt him directly in
front of me.    Well not only him, but his ass, and he had pulled down his
pants.   It was his bare ass.   The perverted bastard wanted me to sniff his
ass, so I did.

"Now a really good hound, would lick a delicious smelling ass like Martin's in a
flash." another voice spoke up.

Ok, now I knew what these pricks wanted.   I was going to have to sniff and lick
some assholes. 

Without giving it another thought my tongue was out and licking the asshole of
someone I had never met and never seen and probably never would.

I started on his ass cheeks, worked my way to his crack and then slowly,
tantalizingly down.   They wanted their asses licked, ok, but I would do it my
way.

The guy was saying things like, oh yea,  wow, that's great, what a fucking
tongue, etc.   I paid not attention just fucking licked.

I finally made my way down to his glory hole.   I flicked my tongue lightly
around the outside, drawing moans from him.   This was the part I liked best, to
hear the moans of ecstasy.   Then I increased the pressure a little at a time,
always using his moans a my cue to increase pressure or do something else.

Eventually a licked right across the hole, he wasn't expecting it and gave a
little jump, then yelp of pure pleasure.   That turned me on even more than I
was.   I now started work on that hot rosebud.

He was now forcing his ass back pushing against my tongue in rhythm with it's
movements.    I felt he was ready and forced my tongue as deep into the hole as
it would go.   Again he hadn't been expecting it.  He gave another squeal of
pleasure.

His excitement had increased and he could no longer hold back.   I felt him grab
his own dick and start wanking.  If it hadn't been for the paws I would have
done it for him.

He was really moaning and gasping now.   He buddies were cheering him on, and me
as well.   He was climbing he hill fast and I figured he would be blowing his
load all over the floor any second now.   Then he suddenly pulled away from me.  
I heard my tongue give a little plop when he pulled away.

What had I done wrong, I wondered.   But didn't wonder for long.   I hadn't done
anything wrong, he wanted to finish in my mouth.   I being the cock slave that I
had become obliged him happily.

He unloaded his hot seed deep in my throat and I swallowed it lovingly.   I
couldn't believe how much I now loved the taste of man juice.

When he was finally spent I licked his dick clean and he stood up.

"Not bad for a fucking dog, Dinky." he said.

"Who wants him next?" he asked his buddies.

The words were no sooner out of his mouth then a bare ass was pushed up against
my mouth.

It was while I was licking and sucking on the fourth ass in a row that the first
pain struck.   My bladder was full and wanted emptying.  I had ignored it
because I knew there was nothing I could do.

Well my bladder was not happy with me.   It was now sending little sharp jolts
of pain throughout my abdomen.  The pains were not debilitating, but they were
very uncomfortable.

The guy whose ass I was now working on sudden spoke out to one of his buddies.

"Mat, get the fucking dog lubed up, I want to get doggie fucked."

What?  I thought he wants me to fuck him.   Oh shit this could be very fucking
painful for me.

Too fucking bad about my pain or discomfort.   I felt a hand applying lube all
around my hard throbbing dick.

"Ok, Dinky," the voice of Mat said close to my ear.  "get yourself up and mount
Eric.   He likes it hard and fast so you better perform.  Eric gets a little
ornery if he is not satisfied."

I lifted myself up and moved forward.  The nipple weights gave a tug that hurt,
and the thing tied to my nuts pulled.  I felt my dick touch his ass, I tried to
find the hole with just my cock but couldn't do it.

I felt a hand grab my member and guide it to the love hole.   I pushed and it
slid right in.   I leaned forward onto Eric's back and grabbed him around the
chest with my doggie paws, just like a dog would do and began to fuck his glory
hole as hard as I could.

He screamed out his pleasure, thrashing his ass back onto my humping cock.   The
crowd around us had grown and they were all cheering.   I would have love to see
this myself.   I could just imagine how fucking sexy it must have looked.

I know because there was moaning in the crowd which meant cocks were being
wanked.

Eric was really screaming and bucking now.   I was having difficulty just
holding on.   The cloth and fur that the doggie paws and arms were made kept
slipping,  I didn't have my fingers to grasp each other to hold on.

He bucked wildly and I kept humping as hard as I could.   My fucking bladder was
really sending sharp pains now.   It sure was pissed at me for all this
activity.

My own erotic pleasure was growing as well, but I knew there would be no release
for me.   That fucking urethra plug wouldn't let my nuts empty and if I should
reach climax it was going to be painful again.

Eric finally climbed his Mount Everest and began shoot.   He screamed out his
pleasure and I could hear others in the crowd doing the same thing.   I didn't
stop the hard banging, not yet.   I  couldn't my own climax was only a fraction
of a second away.

It came as a fucking great pain that felt like my balls were going to explode.  
But it was a whole bunch of explosions following one upon the other.   Each time
my nuts tried to shoot the load, it was stopped and the nut retaliated by
sending a sharp pain all through my groin.

Eric was finally sated, my own shooting had stopped and I pulled out of Eric. 
My dick was still rock hard and it made a loud popping sound as it exited.  I
was gasping for air.   Humping like that takes a lot out of a body.   I really
desperately needed a rest.

"Is the urinal open." a voice demanded before I could get that rest.

"Rrrrough." (yes) I responded, opening my mouth.

Two more guys wanted to take a piss after this one.  My stomach was feeling
bloated and I wondered if it was going to be physically  possible for me to take
much more.   After all there is only so much room inside, and once it is full,
well, it is full.

I was then led away and sucked at least 6 more cocks and had to be a urinal one
more time.   I was really getting tired and was not feeling well at all.  I
wanted this to be over, more than anything else in the world.

The golf balls were now really giving me a hard time as well.   My bowels wanted
to dump them.   But there was no way I could do it without getting severely
punished.  

My leash was suddenly pulled sharply.  It really hurt and I gave a little yelp. 
A voice spoke into my ear.

"Open your mouth dog."

I obeyed and felt a large rubber ball being forced in.   Once it was shoved
passed my teeth I couldn't force it back out.  I was gagged.

The leash was tugged again and followed.   The golf balls started moving around
again.  It was all I could do to hold onto the tail.

I couldn't see anything so just concentrated on not dumping and followed whoever
was leading me.  He stopped for a moment.   Then started up again.   It felt
like we had left the bar.   Was my five hours up already, oh I hoped so.

I heard the door close and the noise of the party was left behind.   There were
at least two people leading me away from the party.   We walked for a few
minutes and I heard a door open.  We went in a room and the door closed.

I was standing there on my four legs waiting for the next move when the first
agonizing pain sizzled across my back.  I couldn't scream out my agony, the gag
made me keep it inside.   I bit down on the ball trying to ease this fucking
pain.

I didn't know what the fuck was happening only that someone was whipping me.  
Then a second blow, this time across the shoulders.

I tried to crawl away, but the whip lashed out again.  I was in agony, totally
confused and unable to protect myself.  Frantically I tried to get away from my
tormentor, but the whip found me again.  I tried to wrap my fur lined arms
around my back to protect myself, but this only caused me to loose my balance
and I fell to the floor hitting my chin.

My teeth snapped together and I felt at least one chip.  I spit out the piece of
broken tooth.  I felt warmth and could taste my own blood flowing from my mouth.

But the whip struck again.    My bladder was scream in pain now as well, it
wanted to empty but couldn't.  The golf balls were moving around and I needed to
dump but nothing was happening.  I didn't need to worry about it, something was
stopping me from dumping.

"Look at the dumb, stupid doggie try to get away from his Master's."  a voice
suddenly said.  

"You hear me stupid doggie, We are your Master's.   We are going the beat the
hell out of ya, ya stupid fucking faggot dog.   Ya know why we are gonna beat
hell out a ya?"  the voice taunted.

"Just for the fucking fun of it, that's why.  Then we are gonna fuck your cunt
mouth and fill you with our man cream." he sneered.

They all started laughing.  It sounded like there were three of them.   Then the
whipping started again.    I tried rolling up into a ball but the fucking doggie
legs made that almost impossible.   All I could do was bite down on that fucking
ball and pray that this horror would soon end.

My back was on fire when they finally quit.   I was just hanging on to
consciousness.  

"Come on Dinky fucking doggie time to put that cunt mouth of yours to work." 
that voice ordered.

I managed to get myself back up onto all fours.  Someone put his fingers in my
mouth and pulled the gag out.   I  it felt good to have my mouth free again.  My
tongue licked across my teeth and I realize that it was one of the upper front
they that had chipped.

One of them pulled on the leash, I followed it to a crotch with a throbbing
cock.   I took it in my mouth and sucked.

I don't remember much more, I sucked all three of them and they then led me back
to the party.   I could barely walk.   My nipples were on fire,  my back felt
like it had been shredded,  my bowels were aching, my nuts were really sore now
from whatever it was I was dragging around.

They opened the door to the bar and the three of them just disappeared into the
crowd, leaving me at the door alone.   I couldn't see anything so had no idea at
all where I was.   With nothing better to do I just started moving forward very
carefully.  

"Whoa there, Dinky doggie." a voice commanded.

I stopped dead and waited.  I wished whoever it was would just go away and leave
me alone.   I was dead tired, in extreme pain and just wanted to be left in
peace.

"Looks like someone has been working you over pretty good." he said.

"Rrrrough." I answered. (Yes)

"Are you hurting?" he asked.

"Rrrrough." (Yes)

He touched me and I pulled back.

"It's ok, Dink I'm not going to hurt your.   It's me Pongo,  I'm a slave just
like you.   Let me get that fucking string off your balls." he said.

Pongo, I remembered him, the tall, thin guy.   Always sits at the back corner
table.  He fiddled around with my balls for a few minutes and I suddenly felt a
small jolt of pain.

"Relax Dink, it's just the blood rushing back into the areas that were squeezed
by the string.  It will go away in just a second." he said as he started to
massage my scrotum.

The pain vanished in a few seconds.   His hands felt good massaging my nuts. 
That thing had been tied on for quite a while and they were sore.

"Let's go find Charlie." he said.  "I think he should know that someone has gone
beyond the limits set for the party."

He took my leash and led me back into the crowd.   A few hands touched me, but I
it seemed that when they saw the mess of my back they pulled their hands away.

A few minutes later I could hear Charlie's voice up ahead.  He was laughing at a
joking with someone.  I also noticed that the room was getting quieter.   It
seemed as soon as I passed by and they saw the mess of my back they stopped
laughing.

Pongo stopped.  I heard him say something to Charlie but was unable to make out
exactly what.

"Sonofabitch."  Charlie bellowed and the room became instantly quiet.

"Pat, Pete, Larry, get over here." he called out into the now quiet room.

A few moments later I could hear them getting close.   Pat was the first one
there, Pete and Larry right on his heels.

"Get Dink back to his room right away and look after him.   He needs attention." 
Charlie said, anger in his voice.

"Larry get the cart." Pat said.

He then bent down and whispered in my ear.

"Just take it easy Harold, we will get you back to the room and get you out of
this shit, then look after those wounds.   Larry is bringing a cart so you won't
have to walk."  Pat said, anger in his voice as well.

Larry brought the cart and they lifted me up gently and placed me on it.  I was
then wheeled back to the cell room.   I breathed a big sigh of relief when I
heard that door to the bar room close behind us.

As soon as we entered the cell room, Pete removed the eye piece and I could see
again.    It only took them a few moments to remove all the doggie fittings.

Larry pulled out the tail and jumped back startled when a golf ball shot out. 
Then another and another,  I couldn't help but break into laughter at the look
on all their faces.

"Oh man is it ever nice to dump." I said impishly.

"Some of the guy pushed those up me early in the evening and I have had to dump
them ever since."  I laughed again and they joined me.

They had to remove the leg pieces with me still kneeling.   Apparently my back
was in such bad shape they didn't think I should lay on it.   Once the stuff was
off I sat up.   The fur leggings had protected most of my ass cheeks.   They
were only slightly sore and I paid no attention.

The clamps and weights were still on my nipples, but the rest of my body ached
so bad I couldn't feel them.  Either that or the nerve endings around the
nipples had become numb. 

"Jeez they really worked on you, Dink."  Pete said.   You are going to have to
grit your teeth.  Those fucking things are going to hurt when they come off.  
It will only be for a few moments but it will feel like your tits have be cut
off."

"It's ok Pete go ahead and take'em off.  I can take it."  I said bravely.

He started undoing the first clamp and was surprised that it didn't slip right
off once he had loosened it a bit.

"What the fuck?"  he exclaimed.

"The fucking things pierced my nipples Pete.   They hurt like hell when they
were screwing them on."  I said.

"Bastards!"

He loosened the clamp some more and then the pain hit.  It was incredible, I
gave out a scream of agony.   The damned needle of the clamp was stuck inside
the nipple.   Pete had to really pull to get it out and of course that caused
even more pain.

They finally got them both off and Pat rubbed them gently to get the circulation
moving again.  Quite a bit of blood poured out but only for a short time.  Pat
had a large bowl of warm water and a clean cloth.  Once the pain subsided he
washed my chest off.   Larry had a clean towel and dried it when Pat was
finished.  

Pat then applied an antibiotic cream. 

"They will probably be sore for a couple of days, but they will heal ok Dink." 
He said.

"Now we have got to get to work and clean up your back before it is too late and
you end up with scaring.  I am going to give you an injection, it is a pain
killer.   For the next 3 hours you are not going to feel a thing Dink, not a
thing."

Pat injected the painkiller into my left arm.   He then told me to lay down on
my  stomach.   Before I could get there the pain killer started to work.  The
pain in my nipples disappeared,  the pain on my back was gone.   I could feel no
pain at all, I could feel nothing at all, literally.

I had no sense of feeling what-so-ever.  I could not feel the coldness of the
leather padding on the table.   I could not feel the table with my hands. 
Whatever it was they had shot into me, it worked and it worked well.

"Oh Pat, when you get finished with my back will you look at my mouth.   One of
them picked me up by the balls and my chin hit the floor pretty bad.   A tooth
chipped and there was some bleeding."  I said.

"No problem Dink.  Now you just close your eyes and try to sleep for awhile." 
he ordered.

I closed my eyes and soon fell into a deep, but troubled sleep.  It was peopled
by shadows that were out to hurt me.  They kept getting closer and closer.  I
fought to get away.   I knew that I could not let them catch me, not even so
much as a light touch, for that would mean death.

To be continued.

Stay tuned, Dinky doggie returns in part 9

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com

Don"t forget to have a gander at Dinky doggies family photo's  use , "next and
previous", to view all the photo's.  Just click
here  




A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 8.

A False awakening.

I awoke in a warm, soft bed.  

A real bed.

There were covers, covering my naked body.

I opened my eyes, but could see nothing.

It was dark in the room.  

What room?

I did not have a bed in the cell room. 

I had a cot.  

The cot was anything but soft.

I was lying on my stomach. 

I tried to roll over and my back erupted into a symphony of pain.  

I screamed out my agony, just as an appreciative audience will scream out their
delight at a superb performance.

A door opened and light filled the room.

Footstep running towards me. 

I could not see through my blinding pain.  

I knew there was light but it was defused with colored shadows moving about
through it's mists.

"It's ok Harold."  a voice...., speaking to me....., it called me Harold....,
not Dink.

"Just relax." it said.

"Don't move." it said.

"The pain will be gone in a minute." it said. 

A voice speaking to me from far, faraway.

A friendly voice.

I felt a pin prick in my arm and the pain vanished, only to be replaced by the
shadows.  

The shadows, chasing me, hunting for me, they wanted me.  

They were all around me.  

Looking everywhere for me, but they couldn't see me. 

Oh thank God they couldn't see me.  

For I knew the truth. 

Oh yes I knew. 

The shadows............

They wanted me..........., dead.

To be continued.




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street.

by Rob

Part 9.

I awoke, laying on my stomach on the leather covered table and was very
uncomfortable.   The pain killer had worn off and my back was throbbing.   

Opening my weary eyes I could see Pat sound asleep on the cot, in my cell.  I
smiled a warm smile of affection for him.  He was always there for me when I
needed someone.

"How are you feeling Harold?" Pete asked.

His voice startled me.  I hadn't noticed him sitting in the chair beside the
table.

"Still a lot of pain, Pete." I answered.

"Want another shot of pain killer?" he asked.

"No thanks Pete, I think I would like to try and get along without it for now." 

My bladder was full and I needed to empty it, but was afraid of the pain I would
suffer when the urethra plug was removed.  The need to void however, was quickly
over coming my fear of the plug removal pain.

"Pete, my bladder is bursting.  Could you please remove the urethra plug?  " I
asked in a pleading voice.

"Nope!" he said flatly looking straight into my eyes.

I felt tears began to well up in my own eyes.

"I can't do that,"  he continued with a smile.  "simply because it is already
out."
 
"Oh." was my stunned response.

"We took it out last night.  You pissed out almost a gallon of urine.  Fuck you
must have been really bloated up.  How many guys used you anyway?"

"Don't know and don't really care, I just know I got a bladder full right now
and would like to lose it." 

"How fucking stupid of me, just a sec, I'll get the pan."

He was back in a flash, helped me lift my butt end, then pushed the pan gently
under my dick.   The moment the pan was in place my bladder released.  I pissed
and pissed, hell I didn't think it was ever going to stop.

Then I felt the warm piss begin to bath my balls.   The pan was getting full and
my balls were hanging right down into the fucking piss.   Shit, one problem
after another.   And still my bladder didn't feel anywhere near being empty.

"Got a problem, Pete.   The pan is getting so full my balls are floating in the
piss."

"Hey that's great news, Harold." he answered

"What!" I exclaimed in surprise.

"Well just think, now you know that if you are ever on a boat and it sinks, your
balls will float and your dick,  having it's own built in life preserver, won't
drown."  he said, breaking into a fit of laughter at his own sick joke, as he
went to get a replacement pan.

"Fucking comedian's," I shouted after his retreating body."  "Always plenty of
comedian's about when all that is really needed is a good bed-pan-man."

He returned right away with a replacement pan.

"Stop the flow for a moment and I'll switch pans.   Don't worry about the
jewels, there not going to melt away.  I'll clean them up once your finished."

At first, having my balls floating around in my own hot piss, disgusted me.  
However, when Pete raised my rear and pulled out the pan, that warm feeling
surrounding them went with it.   Cool air quickly surrounded them and they felt
cold.  Now I wanted them back in that hot piss.   Man, was I becoming fucked up
or what?

After my bladder finally emptied and the pan had been removed, Pete brought a
couple of firm foam pillows.  Together we managed to get me up enough, without
causing me too much pain, for him to push them under my chest and abdomen.  This
was so much more comfortable then laying flat on that table.

Next he brought over a stainless steel bowl, filled with warm water.  After
wiping the  entire crotch area with a dampened cloth, he squirted a bit of
liquid bath soap into his hand and began to rub all around my cock and balls.  

My cock was as solid as the Rock of Gibraltar in about two and a half nano
seconds.   His hand felt so sensual, I moaned in ecstasy.  He kept rubbing  and
my moaning got louder.  He soon had me gasping and crying for release.  

"What the hell is going on here." Pat's voice suddenly boomed beside me.

I looked up startled.

"The fucking dog pissed all over himself this morning and now I gotta clean him
up."  Pete said in a, damn I hate this, tone.

"Don't believe him Pat, he is full of shit.   He knew my bladder was full to
overflowing, so he brought the smallest fucking pan he could find.   He is 
jealous of my low hangers because they are so much more macho lookin' then his. 
He knew they would hang down into the bowl and get pissed on,  it's only right
that he clean them up." I said in a mock hurt voice.

"Bullshit.   Ain't no way you can even consider those little cherry pits to be
low hangers.  Hell they don't even reach the end of that little embarrassment
you have the audacity to call a dick." Pete shot back.

"Ok, ok." Pat said laughing.  "Sorry I asked."

"How ya feeling Harold?"

"A little sore but I'll manage, Pat." I answered.

Pete had stopped wanking my dick and I wanted him to continue.

"Excuse me a moment, please Pat ." I said, trying to turn my head to look back
at Pete.   A pain shot through the base of  my neck, I stopped trying to do that
pretty damned quick.

"Pete, are you going to finish what you started or are you going to stand there
all day looking stunned?" I chided.

"Well it seems to me that all that's needed now is to rinse the soap off." he
said.

"Well Pete,"  I said in mock seriousness, "something sure as hell should cum off
and it damned well ain't the soap." 

"Oh, you want to release a little bit of that cherry stone juice, do you?"  he
mocked me back.

"Well, I know it may seem like only a little, but I wonder whether you are a big
enough boy to be able to handle it."  was my rejoinder.

Pat chuckled out loud.

"Look Dinky,"  Pete snorted,  "why don't you do something useful for a change,
like giving Pat a nice, good morning blowjob, while I look after this little,
tiny, itsy bitsy problem back here."

"Bitch!" I swore with a laugh.

They both joined in laughing.  Pete started washing my dick and balls again and
I gave Pat the fish gulping sign with my mouth.  He quickly dropped the jeans he
was wearing.  He wore no underwear and his dick began to rise as he headed
towards my waiting, hot mouth.

I loved the taste and feel of Pat's dick in my mouth.   It just felt so right
for it to be there.   I worked it carefully, finding all his little G spots,
teasing them till he was moaning in ecstasy.

Pete had rinsed all the soap off my crotch and had somehow managed to get his
head between my upraised abdomen and the table.  He took my throbbing dick head
into his hot mouth and continued pleasuring me.

Pat and I both came at the same time.  Pat shout five or six heavy squirts and I
greedily swallowed it down, but I seemed to shoot forever.   All that sex last
night, without release, had filled my nuts to over flowing I guessed.

I heard Pete gag a couple of times.   He couldn't swallow it fast enough.   When
he finally crawled out from under my legs, his face, chin, cheeks, neck, hair
and even part of his chest dripped gobs of my cum.

"Fuck I thought you were never going to stop."  he said trying to get his
breathing back to normal.  

"You must have pumped a fucking gallon of that shit down my throat."

"Stop yer complaining'.  A real man can't help it if his low hangin', macho
balls produce gallons of, He Man Juice." I said, emphasizing the taunting words.

Well that cracked us all up and we were laughing hysterically when the cell room
door opened and Charlie came in.

The laughing ceased immediately.

"Eric, Fred and Clyde." he said.  "Those are the three bastards that messed with
my property." 

He walked over to the table and looked down at me.

"How are you feeling Harold?"  he asked with a tone of real concern.

"Much better, thank you, Sir.  The boys have been looking after me real well." 
I answered politely.

He looked at Pat, still doing up his fly and at Pete, his head and face all
covered in cum.

"Mmmm....I guess they have." he said with a chuckle.

"Well, we have the fuckers that did this to you, Harold.   They are men that I
do business with quite regularly.   I bested them on a deal a few months ago. 
They were pissed about it and the stupid bastards thought they could get back at
me by hurting you."  he informed me.

"But they made the mistake of  bringing you here to the cell  room.   One of the
rooms with 24 hour a day video monitoring.  The whole thing was recorded.  They
have lost more than a business deal this time.  They have lost everything.  
They now belong to me." he stated as a matter of fact.

"Pete and Larry will begin training them just as soon as they finish punishing
them for what they did to you."  he continued.

"In Pat's professional opinion, Pat's a fully licensed medical doctor by the
way,  you are going to require a week for your body to heal.   That really
pisses me off because it means I have to put your training on hold." he said,
his dark eyes boring right into me.

"Don't get too fucking comfortable while you mend Dink, this is not a holiday
cruise ship here.  You still belong to me, your still a slave and you still owe
me Dinky doggie time.  Your debt has been cut as promised, however if it is
going to take you a whole fucking week to mend, the fucking thing will be right
back where you started yesterday." he said angrily.

Fuck, here I am half dead from taking a beating for him and he is all pissed off
at me because I am in such bad shape.  He has gone and turned it around so that
I am to blame for his fucking enemies, beating the shit out of me, to get back
at him.  Now I am really confused.

"I need you healthy so I have no choice but to abide by Pat's professional
opinion.   My advise to you though is get up off your lazy fucking ass as soon
as possible.   I have a job for you that will help you pay down your debt."  he
advised.

"I want this lazy little fuck back to work as soon as possible, Pat.   I don't
give a shit whether he has a few aches or pains or not,  as soon as the serious
stuff has healed he goes back to training."  he said turning his attention to
Pat.

"Yes, Sir.  Your orders will be obeyed."  Pat answered.

"Good, I know I can count on you.  Keep me informed of his progress."  he said.

"Pete, you and Larry are going to be very busy for the next five days or so. We
have some new recruits."  he said to Pete.

"Yes Sir."  Pete answered in what sounded like anticipation.

Charlie then turned and walked away.  I heard the door open and close.   We all
breathed a big sigh of relief.

"Hot damn," Pete shouted.  "He really likes you Harold.  He really fuckin' likes
you."

I looked at him in confusion.

Pat saw the confusion.

"Harold, Charlie doesn't like very many people.   Most, he just tolerates.   We
kind of thought he had taken a liking to you when he started yellin' at you for
ordering a coke that day.  Charlie is very hard to read sometimes, so it is very
difficult to judge his feelings."  Pat explained.

"There were a few points along the way where we thought he was going to sell
you, when your training was completed.    But now, we know beyond a shadow of
doubt, he really does like you."

I was still fucking confused.

"If the fucking man likes me, why in hell  has  he been putting me through
hell?"  I stammered out.

"It's his way of measuring you, Harold.   He will continue to test and measure
you, just as he does the three of us.   He likes us as well." Pete giggled.

"It's not always easy, Harold, but life here has been good.   We want for
nothing, including sex.  Charlie looks after our every need and gives us
protection.   In exchange, we obey his every whim." Pat continued.

"And we all take turns in dog mode." Pete joined in.  "Pat's dog name is Dick, 
mine is Dork and Larry's is......." they both broke out laughing here...,
Stinky." and they laughed some more.

I must admit I found it funny too and joined in.   We were just getting over the
laugh when Larry walked in the room and of course we all broke out into peels of
laughter again.

"What's so funny guys?" he said walking up to the table and placing a friendly
hand on my head.

"We just told Harold your doggie name and it just about broke him up,"  Pat said
through his laughter.  " sorry bud, but we couldn't help laughing with him.  You
must admit it really is funny."

"Oh yes, very funny." he said indignantly,  turning a little pink with
embarrassment.

"How ya feelin' Harold?" he asked, quickly changing the subject.

"Pretty good, thanks Larry."

"Well you rest and get yourself better real quick."  he squeezed my arm 
affectionately.

"Thanks Larry, I'll do my best."

"Now, sorry to break this party up, but Pete and I have a rather dirty job to
do, that should turn out to be a lot of fun and we better get to it." he said.

"I'll drop by at lunch time to see how you are doing, Dink." Pete said.   "I'll
pick up your lunches and bring them with me Pat, seeing as I have to pass the
kitchen to get back here."

"Thanks Pete." Pat answered.

"And Pat, easy with the fucking, huh, the boy needs his strength to heal." 
Larry punned as he headed for the door.

"Don't you just wish you could change places."  Pat shouted playfully after him.

Larry stopped with his hand on the door, turned and said thoughtfully, "mmmmm
now that, Pat, is well with in the realm of possibility......See y'all later."
then followed Pete out and closed the door.

"Would you believe, I hated those two guys up until yesterday morning?" I said
to Pat.

"Well I suppose they gave you lots of reasons too, Harold.   They are Charlie's
main enforcers.   They are off to start working on those three that hurt you
last night."

"Do they really have to do it, Pat?"

"Oh yes, they have to do it, but Harold you best understand right now, they like
it.   They really get off on taking a helpless man and hurting him
unmercifully."  he paused and gave me a very serious look.

"If Charlie were to give the order, they would walk in here right this minute
and string the both of us up and have themselves a grand time, and not even
think twice about it."

My mouth fell open.

"My god, then they weren't kidding when they told me how they had blown their
loads just listening to me screaming." I stated sadly.

"No Harold, they weren't kidding.   They really got a lot of sexual pleasure
from your pain, just as they will from those three that hurt you.  They cannot
help themselves, Harold.  They are sadists, but luckily, Charlie has them under
control."

"Well all I can say is I hope he never looses it."  I said with a shiver running
up my spine.

"He won't" he answered.

              ********************

It took a week of patience on the part of Pat, and hard, painful work on my
part, to have me almost back to normal.

The weapon used to deliver the blows had not been a whip as I had thought, but a
switch.   A long thin, reinforced, fiber glass rod, similar to a fishing pole,
but without the eyes.

Charlie had someone watch the video tape and count the number of blows that had
been delivered.  The final tally was 235.   Each of the attackers had a similar
switch and they took turns lashing me.

The skin on my back had been broken in a dozen places but all of the lacerations
were very minor.  None would leave scars.   The real concern was the swelling
and bruising.   The switch had caused some damage to subcutaneous tissues and
muscles.

The most serious damage was centered around the shoulders.  There are a number
of muscles close to the surface.  These were badly bruised and swollen,
requiring much care and attention.  It was these damaged muscles that made it
excruciatingly painful to move or rise from the table.

 Seven days had passed and I was almost back to normal.  There was still pain,
but I could live with it. Pat finally had to tell Charlie I was fit again.  On
the morning of the 8th day, Pat arrived and went straight to the cupboard and
pulled out the box that held the Dinky doggie stuff.

I knew right away what was coming.  I got up off my cot and made my way to the
table. 

"Sorry Harold but it's back to the five hours a day as Dinky." Pat said,
bringing the box over to the table.

"How much longer is he going to force me do this, Pat?" I asked sullenly.

"Have no idea Harold and ain't about to ask him either.   He will do it as long
as he wants and if your smart you will just play the part to the best of your
ability." Pat answered.

"Ok.  Can I have a shower and use the shitter first?"  I asked hopefully.

"Ya,  but from now on make sure you get up before anyone comes in.  Pete and 
Larry won't let you.  They will put you right into doggie mode."  Pat warned.

"Ok, thanks Pat." I said heading for the washroom.

Once I had showered, shaved and emptied the bladder and bowels, Pat quickly
helped me become Dinky doggie.   He had to go get one of the guys to help lift
me off the table.  I could not get down by myself.

Fastening the leash he led me to the bar and the ever waiting Charlie.   I had
to go through the fucking scratch behind the ear shit.  You would have thought I
would get used to it, but I didn't. 

Charlie screamed for Harry to bring me my breakfast, then watched happily as I
tried to eat it without getting it all over the fucking floor.   I must have
really been out of practice because it seems I spilled most of it and had the
unappetizing task of eating and licking it up off the dirty floor.

I soon started to find out that Dinky doggie was not here just to decorate the
bar.   He had a job, or rather he had to give a job, a blowjob or asslick to
anyone that wanted it.

I had never really spent anytime in the bar, except my first day and those other
rather unpleasant situations, which I have already described.   Today I was to
get to see a normal full day.

There were a lot of regular customers.  I never kept count, but more than 50 men
entered and left the bar that morning.   Some came in together, had a drink,
talked then left.   Others came in alone or sat with a friend, had a drink and
left.  Still others came in, sat with Charlie, had a drink and talked seriously
for a bit, then left.

It was just an on going thing.   My job as Dinky doggie was to answer when
called.

"Where's that fucking dog?" a voice yelled out.  

I pulled my lips from the cock I had just finished sucking and headed for the
voice.   

"Come on dog, I haven't got all fucking day.  Move your ass and wag that fucking
tail or your going to get a good swift kick in the nuts to smarten you up" the
voice swore.

I moved as quickly as I could to the voice.  A big man, must have been between
6'5" and 7'.0" tall.   His shoulders were massive, as were his arms and legs.  
I couldn't see very well in this outfit, but what I could make out said he was
huge.

I wiggled my ass, as I crawled, to make the fucking tail wag and approached the
man with a little bit of fear.   He knew he could do whatever he wanted to me as
long as there was no serious physical damage.    Charlie did not consider a kick
in the balls as being serious,  however I kind'a disagreed, particularly since
it was my balls that might be kicked.

As soon as I got to him the man unzipped, put his hand in and pulled out the
biggest fucking cock I had ever seen.   It had to be at least three inches in
diameter and hung half way to his knees, but was still flaccid.   I gave a big
gulp, how in fuck was I ever going to get that thing in my mouth?

"Like the look of it doggie.   Bet you ain't never seen a real man dick before. 
This old boy has split hundreds of asspussies, and stretched even more throats.  
Welcome to the club."  then he began to laugh uproariously.

I knew this was not going to be fun.   Without waiting for the order I moved my
head forward and began to lick.  I opened my mouth and tried to get my lips
around it, but there was just no way.  The fucking thing was too big,  if he
tried forcing that down my throat I was in big trouble.

"Hey Charlie ya really got a faggot dog this time.  Love's it's cock.   Didn't
have to say a word to it, it just homed right in and started eating."  he
laughed again.

"Just wait till the mutt sees how big this thing is going to get,  I'll bet he
shits himself."  more laughter.

I didn't pay any attention.  I was already scared enough, I didn't need to
listen to his mocking me as well.  

The cock was beginning to harden.  With each beat of the guys heart the cock
seemed to grow another half inch.  Fuck I'll bet it took half the bastard's
blood supply just to get this monster fully hard.   As it hardened it started to
lift and stand out from the body.  That's when I first noticed his nuts.

I had pulled back for a sec to take a look at his big dick and then saw the
fucking nuts that were hidden behind it.   They were as big as fucking
baseballs.  Shit when this guy came he would drown me.

The cock kept getting harder and harder, I concentrated on licking around the
massive purple head, the slit was so big I was able to stick my tongue right in.  
That got big moans from him, so I worked that slit and the area just below.  He
was loving it.

It finally reached it's maximum size.  I estimated that it was around 15 inches
in total length and at least 4, but probably 5 inches in circumference.   Seeing
it's final size I relaxed,  he might try but there was not a chance in hell that
he would be able to even get that thing my mouth, never mind down my throat. 
The only thing I had to worry about was that Charlie might have given him the ok
to shove that up my ass.

"You ready to take this thing down your fucking faggy doggie throat dog." he
spit out at me.

"Rrrrough." (yes) I was confident there was no chance in hell of success.

He grabbed me by the hair, tilted my head back and before I knew what was
happening the head of that fucking cock was inside my mouth.   It felt like my
jaws were being torn apart.  I went into instant panic mode.

Precum had stared running out the slit and was pouring down my throat, it was
almost like he was pissing it out. 

"Take a deep breath through you nose faggy doggie, big dickie is sliding on
home."  he taunted.

Before I had a chance to take that breath he pulled my head forward with all his
might and that massive dick went sliding down my throat.  My nose was buried in
his hairy pubs.

I couldn't breath, I couldn't even gag.   My throat was filled to bursting.    I
was impaled on a massive iron rod.   This man now had my life in his hands, I
was completely helpless to do anything to save myself.

He was talking to me but I was in such a panic I could not make out the words. 
All I wanted was for the invader to leave.  I kept trying to pull my head back,
trying to pull free from the horrible phallus lodged in my throat.  Everything
was beginning to turn a hazy red and fade away.

Then the thing was out of my throat, out of my mouth.   I started gasping
desperately for air.   As the fresh supply of the precious, sweet, life giving
oxygen made it's way through my blood stream the haze began to clear.

I turned my head to look at him and was stunned to see him wanking that thing
with both hands and it was pointed right at me.    I saw the gush of his climax
a fraction of a second too late to duck.   My head was in the way and that first
gush hit me right on the eye that was looking at him and splattered across my
cheek.   It was like having a glass of hot water thrown in my face.

The next squirt got me on the mouth, which was open because I was still gasping
for breath.   My mouth filled instantly with heavy, gooey man juice.  I was
swallowing when another load hit, then another and another.  I was covered in
the stuff.   It was like having a shower in cum.

All the while this was happening everyone in the bar was making comments,
hooting, clapping, wolfwhistling, etc.   They thought this was the greatest show
on earth.  All I could think of was, I hope I don't drown in this shit.

After 10 shots from those massive balls, he was empty.   The cheering in the bar
had risen to a crescendo and was now starting to abate.   I was covered in cum. 
One shot had hit my shoulder and was running down my back.   My chest was
covered as were my face and furry arms.  

Cum covered the eye lenses so I could not focus on anything.    All that was
coming through was light.  I tried bringing a paw up to clear them off but it
didn't help at all, there was too much cum on the arms and paws.  I had to keep
licking the cum from around my lips as it dripped down my nose. 

"Well now Dinky faggot doggie did you like having a real cock down your throat
for a change."  he asked sarcastically.

What the fuck was I going to say, no?  Not a chance, the guy would probably kick
me in the balls to get even.

"Rrrrough." (Yes) I answered.

He gave a big deep laugh, placed one of his huge hands on my head and petted me
affectionately.

"I think I like you Dinky faggot dog,  yup I definitely think I like you."

I heard him zip up his fly then walk away.   I stood there on my four legs,
covered in cum and stunned by his words.    I was sure hoping that didn't mean
he was going to pay me a return visit.

Pat was suddenly beside me.  He cleaned off the lenses of the false eyes and I
could focus again.

"You are in a real mess here Dink.  There is cum all over the floor and Charlie
wants you to clean it up.  Then lick as much as possible off your arms and body. 
Do it just like a doggie would.   Once you get all cleaned up he is going to let
you go back to the cell room to change.  So get busy and do a good job." pat
whispered in my ear.

Able to see again I turned my head and looked down at the floor with my right
eye.   There was a huge puddle of the damned stuff.  I also looked at my arms
and paws.  I decided the best place to start was with the arms and began to lick
the fur clean.

A big cheer went up around the bar.  Well the boys were still getting a big kick
out of my debasement.   Lucky them.  Cum normally doesn't taste too bad  and
sometimes is down right delicious, but always while it is hot and fresh from the
nuts.   That is not the case when it lands on artificial fur and gets cold.

The taste was bloody awful and very bitter.   With no other alternative open to
me,  I kept licking and gagging the bloody stuff down.   My jaw muscles were
aching and my throat was still sore from that massive intrusion.   All this
licking was not helping matters.   I knew I would be very sore later on today.

Once the first arm was done I did the paw.   Then pulled the back of the paw up
my chest and licked the crap off, again and again I did this until the paw  came
away clean, indicating I had got it all off.

Then I did the other arm and paw, going through the whole procedure again,
including wiping the chest.

Finally, all I had left was the puddle on the floor and I really was not looking
forward to it, but bit the bullet and bent down.   I could not see what I was
doing once I started licking and had to pretty much go by feel and taste.   The
floor had been dirty so of course I ended up with a lot of grit in my mouth.  
There was nothing I could do but swallow.

When it was all clean and I figured I had done the best job possible, I went
into a sitting position and gave a little half bark.

I felt the leash being attached to my collar and Pat spoke.

"Good boy, Dinky.   Good doggie." he said.

The crowd clapped and cheered.

"Come Dinky." Pat said pulling gently on the leash.

I followed as he headed back to Charlie.  When we got there, Charlie's hand
headed for where else, but my head and he began that damned scratching.

"Take the dog out for a walk Pat.  Make sure he empties his bladder and bowels
before you bring him back in.  I will have lunch ready for him when you get back
and that will be it for Dinky doggie today." he said, all the while scratching
me behind the fucking ear.

Pat has to take me for a walk and I have to empty my bladder and bowels.   I can
certainly piss, but my bowels are already empty, I had a good shit before
getting into the Dinky outfit.

"Let's go Dinky, wan'na go out boy. A nice long walk."  Pat said
enthusiastically.

With no choice in the matter I couldn't do anything but answer in the
affirmative.

"Rrrrough."

Any hopes that I had held that the walk would be in the courtyard were dashed
instantly as Pat headed for the main entrance to the bar.  I was going to have
to perform this humiliation out on the public street again.

As Pat opened the door, I was surprised to see that the entrance way had been
changed.  The dug out area had been enlarged, the stairs moved and a small lift,
big enough for a human dog had been installed.   Pat put me on the lift and
pushed the up button.

While I was slowly being lifted up to ground level, Pat climbed the stairs and
met me at the top.   He took hold of the leash and we started up the street,
towards Queen Street.  

We passed right by the tree I had used the first time I had been out here with
Larry.   Where was Pat taking me?   I was terrified of being out on a public
street like this.  How the hell were these guys getting away with this stuff,
especially in this city,  which was known just about everywhere as. Toronto The
Good.

But Pat didn't seem to be worried in the least.   We had now past a dozen homes
and were almost half way to Queen Street.   I was really beginning to panic. 
Queen Street, for those unfamiliar with Toronto, is a main east/west
thoroughfare, that runs through the downtown core.   It is very busy in this
particular area.  Loads of pedestrian and vehicular traffic.

There was no way Pat could take me much closer without causing some kind of
disturbance that would definitely bring the police.  But he just kept on
walking.

My panic finally got the better of my fear of Charlie and I started to pull back
on the leash.  Pat looked around at me.  I began to whine and cry.

"What's wrong, Dink?" he asked compassionately.

"Am I walking too fast for you?"

"Rrrrough, rrrrough."  (No)

"Well what's wrong?"

"Oh, bet you have to empty your bladder, right?"

Figuring that if I gave him an affirmative and had my piss he would turn around
and take me back to the bar.   I wanted off this street desperately.

"Rrrrough."

"Ok, here is a nice tree for you." he said taking me up onto a lawn with a huge
Chestnut tree.

I lifted my leg against the tree and opened my bladder.  Wouldn't you know it,
the moment the piss started to flow....

"Hi Pat, that Charlie's new dog?" a voice asked.

All this fucking way we had walked and not a soul.  I stop for just a second,
lift my leg to piss and bamo, someone there to watch.   Shit.

"Ya, a real beauty don't ya think?" Pat answered.

"Sure is.   Charlie sure has one hell of an eye for dog meat.  I don't think he
has ever had a mongrel, only prime stock for Charlie."  the man said.

Well at least the prick didn't think I was a mongrel.   Prime stock huh.  Mmmm
that kind'a made me feel good.   Better than a kick in the balls anyway.

I had stopped the pee when that voice had spoke out, but started it up again
when I realized this guy was not going to credit me with being human.

They talked for a few minutes and then the man said his good byes.   He was
headed down the street towards the bar so I started after him. 

Pat, however, had other ideas.  He pulled back on the leash.  But I tugged,
indicating I wanted to go back.

"Gotta have your shit first Dinky." he said, and started walking towards Queen
Street again.

I tried lagging back, but he would just give a little tug on the leash each
time.  I finally gave up because the tugs were starting to really hurt my neck. 
We kept getting closer and closer to the dreaded Queen Street.  

Please Pat, please I begged in my mind, turn around and lets go back.  Don't
take me out there.  But of course Pat wasn't listening,  how the hell can a
human be expected to hear the thoughts of a dumb dog.  Just shows how much I was
into this dog thing.  I really had expected him to be able too.  I sure was one
dumb fuck dog.

Right on the corner of Queen and Kelly Streets there was a little grassy area. 
Pat walked right up onto the grass tugging me along behind.   My head was
swinging back and forth looking to see which of the people walking by would be
the first to realize I was not a dog.   The first to realize that I was a man
with his fucking dick and balls hanging out.

"There you go, Dinky," Pat said.  "this is a great spot to have your shit."

I looked at him like he was out of his fucking mind.   I couldn't shit here. 
This was a public place, it was the middle of the day and there were hundreds of
people all around.

"As soon as you finish we can go back to the bar."  he said with a smile and
just stood there waiting.

He was out of his fucking mind.   I began to shake.   Tears began to form in my
eyes.   I felt like I was going to be sick to my stomach.   Pat put a reassuring
hand on my head and bent down.

"Dink," he whispered.  "If you don't want to be on a plane out of the country
this afternoon, have the shit.  There is a camera on the top of that building
across the street.  Charlie is watching so just do it."

He rubbed my head again and moved away a bit.  With tears flowing down my cheeks
and my body shaking like a leaf, I spread my back legs and leaned back a bit and
tried to shit.

It took a lot of grunting and pushing but finally I managed to push out a couple
of small turds.   Just at that moment a man and woman were walking past arm and
arm. 

"I tell you Jack this fucking city gets sicker and sicker every day.   Just look
at that sick fuck." the woman said to her companion.

"Probably one of those poor bastards the Provincial Government just threw out of
the Psych Hospital."  he replied shaking his head.

That ended any chance of my pushing out more.   I started really shaking now and
was feeling sick to my stomach.  I straightened up, gave a whine and began
pulling on my leash.   I wanted back to the bar, as quick as possible.

"Turn around and sniff it Dink, your a fucking dog, damit." he cursed at me.

Unused to him being anything but caring towards me was a shock.   What the fuck
was I going to do.   I looked around and could see people staring at me.   It
now seemed certain, Pat was going to stay right where he was until I sniffed my
own shit.   Fuck.

I wanted off Queen Street so I turned around quickly, bent over and sniffed
around where I had just shat.  I found it and started gagging, I almost lost the
contents of my stomach. 

"Good boy." Pat praised me out loud and pulled gently on the leash indicating we
were heading back to the bar.

I gave a sigh of relief and followed right along.   It then hit me that other
than the sick'o comments made by the man and woman, no one else had said a
thing.   No one else had been shocked or mortified or whatever the word for it
was these days.   What the fuck was wrong with everyone.   Had the people of
this city really become so closed off to what was going on around them that they
couldn't or wouldn't see a naked man crawling around pretending he was a dog and
do something about it.

These thoughts just kept rattling around and around in my mind.   Before I
realized it we were back at the bar.   Pat put me on the lift and pushed the
button.

Back inside the bar, Charlie was.... scratching me behind the ear as Pat filled
him in on our little walk.  How I had been a good little doggie and made my pee
pee and did my dodo's.  Damn, it was degrading to hear myself talked about like
that.

"Harry."  Charlie yelled.  "Bring the dog his lunch."

A few moments later the dog dish was pushed under my nose.  I bent down to eat
what looked like brown mush.  It didn't taste too bad and I ate it all licking
the bowl as clean as possible.  Charlie didn't much like it if his dogs left
food scrapes in their bowls.

When the mush and the milk that had been in the other half of the bowl were gone
he called Harry back.

"The dog really loved his dinner Harry, it must have been really good.   What
was it any way?" Charlie asked.

"Oh just some scrapings from the garbage can Sir." Harry answered and I almost
threw it up there and then.

The fucking bastard had fed me garbage, Sonofabitch.  I was never going to be
able to trust any of the food they forced me to eat when I was in doggie mode.

"Well Harry he liked it so much I guess that's what we will have to give him
from now on." he said to Harry.

He then turned and looked down at me. 

"You really like eating garbage, don't ya Dinky?"  he asked it as a question for
which I knew he wanted an answer.

I also knew what answer he wanted and that I would be ten times a fool not to
give it to him.

"Rrrrough." (Yes)

"Good, we throw away much too much here.   I will make sure Harry keeps all the
edible garbage just for you.   Nothing but the best for my dog."  he said with a
smile.

I just felt sick inside.

"Well Dinky, time for you to rest, you have had a busy morning and tomorrow will
be just as busy.  Pat take him back to his kennel."  Charlie ordered.

After the doggie outfit was removed I headed straight for the shower.   I still
had lots of dried cum on me and it was itching.

Once I was all cleaned up and feeling better I went back into the cell room. 
Pat was there waiting for me.   He threw something to me and I caught it.

It was a black leather pouch, much like I had seen him, Pete and Larry wearing
from time to time.

"Put that on Harold, Charlie has some work for you this after noon and he wants
you dressed."

I put the thing on. It was a tight fit and my nuts were pushing out the sides. 
I felt more exposed like this then I did naked or as Dinky doggie.  I would have
to be careful when I was moving around that they didn't pop out. 

What is going down now, I wondered.  I had a terrible feeling Charlie had some
sort of plan for more humiliation.

"What's up Pat?"  I asked. 

He gave me a look that said, hush can't tell you.

"Charlie will tell you." he said.

"Ok.  Do I get anything else or is this it.?" I inquired.

"Ya, you get a great pair of knee high leather boots with four inch heels.   You
also get to wear a leather muscle strap across your chest and shoulders."  he
replied.

Whoopee ding dong, a pair of boots and a leather strap for my chest.  Ya, that
would hold my nuts in.   Now I knew for sure I wasn't going to like this.

After I had the boots, pouch and straps on we headed down the hall to the bar. 
Why was I not surprised it was the bar.

It was just after 1pm and the place was fairly crowded.  A loud cheer went up
around the room as I entered.  Hands rubbed my ass and even grabbed at my crotch
as we moved towards Charlie.   I am sure my face was bright red by the time we
got there.  This was worse than the damned doggie thing.

"Ah Dink," Charlie said with a big smile.  "We are very busy in here today and
we need a waiter.   Go let Harry know you are ready for work."

"Yes Sir." I said starting to head towards the kitchen.

Charlie's big hand reached out like lightening and grabbed my crotch.  He held
tight, not enough to cause any pain, but tight enough to say, all I gotta do
boy, is squeeze just a little and you will be on your knees.

"You be real nice to the customers, Dink.  Our philosophy is, the customer is
always right, so you make the customers real happy." he said in a very serious
tone.

"Yes Sir, I will Sir." I answered in a voice that couldn't help but relay my
fear to him.

He smiled at me, let go of my crotch, then gave me a playful slap on the ass,
sending me to  Harry.

Harry gave me a small tray and an order pad.   Told me I had better try and
figure out a system so I would know what order came from what table.  He also
warned me not to mix the orders up under any circumstance.  He then gave me a
slap on the ass, much the same as Charlie had and sent me out into the room.

Never having waited tables before, I really had no idea how complicated the job
could be.    I walked up to the first table and asked if there was anything I
could get for anyone.  While one of the guys at the table was giving me his
order, the one I was standing near shoved his hand under my pouch and started
playing with my cock and balls.

Charlie had said the customer was always right and to keep the customer happy.  
But wasn't this going a little too far.   Probably but I was to damned scared of
Charlie to say anything.  I was trying to concentrate on taking he orders and
this guy was making me hard. 

He now had both hands on me, one under the pouch working my jewels the other
rubbing my ass and fingering around my hole.   I was gasping for breath I was so
turned on, but at the same time I had turned pink with humiliation.  All these
guys sitting at the table watching me get masturbated.  But it felt so good
damned good.

I was really gasping and panting now.  I think I was probably moaning as well.  
Then the bastard pulled his hands away and started talking with one of the other
guys.   He just left me.   He'd had his fun and now just stopped.   I was
standing there almost on the verge of a major climax and unable to do anything.  
The front of the pouch was sopping wet with precum and my cock was pulsing up
and down, pushing out the thin leather of the pouch.

I staggered back a bit from the table and made my way to the next.   There I got
drink orders without anyone doing anything except a slap on the ass as I headed
to the next table.

I had begun to regain my composure by now.   My dick was still hard and
throbbing, but I had dropped down from that sexual high that I'd had been in
just a short time before.   My nuts though were screaming for release.

I calmly, well as calmly as possible for someone that has a raging hard on
tenting his little tiny dick pouch in a room full of horny men, made my way to
the next table.

"May I take your orders gentlemen." I asked politely.

"Ya, whip yer dick out and place it on the table."  a big man with a long black
beard, wearing a black T-shirt with a pic of a skull and cross bones on the
front and tattoos all up and down his huge muscular arms ordered.

Not able to believe what I just heard I made a stupid reply.

"Pardon Sir."

"Are you fucking deaf or just plain fucking stupid, put your fuck slab on the 
table, NOW." he shouted loud enough for the whole room to hear.

I dropped my free hand to the pouch and released my throbbing dick from the
pouch.  Moved towards the table and bent my knees till my cock was resting on
the table.   Tears filled my eyes and I started shaking from the shame of having
to obey this man I didn't know from Adam.

"Why is your cock hard, asshole?" he shouted at me.

I was dumfounded.   I didn't know what to say.   My mind was in complete turmoil
and couldn't think straight.

A big hand, on the guy sitting next to where I was standing, snaked up and
pinched my right nipple.   He pinched hard and then began to twist it.

"Answer the man faggot bitch." he said roughly.

"Ah....b..b..b.b..bbbbecause I am horny, Sir?" came blurting out of my trembling
lips, but it came out as a question.

This broke the table up into a fit of laughter, which only added to my shame.  

(Dear reader, please stop your damned laughing, get yourself into such a
situation and just see how you react.)

"Oh the little faggot bitch is horny is she.  Well the little faggot bitch can
just sashay her little fanny on over here to big daddy and maybe, just maybe,
big daddy will help her to become unhorny." the Beard teased in a high falsetto.

More laughter, they were having a great time.   Well I guess I was working to
Charlie's rule, keep the customers happy.

Really up tight now, I made my way over to stand next to him.   My dick sticking 
out in front of me, by it seemed a mile.  Precum dripped in a long silver thread
from the end just as I got to him.

"Come closer, sweet thing, big daddy ain't gonna hurt ya..........much." and he
gave a big belly laugh.

When I was within range he shot out a big beefy hand and grabbed my throbbing
cock.   He pulled me closer squeezing tighter.  

"Now tell me sweet thing, how would you like Big Daddy to wank your little
weenie, weenie for you?" he asked with a straight face.

This broke the table up into fits of hysterical laughter.   One guy was laughing
so hard he was practically choking.

"Yes Sir Big Daddy Sir, that would be nice." I said stupidly.  

Man was I on a stupid role this afternoon.

"Sorry sweet thing, but Big Daddy don't wank no wussy faggot dicks. Nope.......,
wouldn't be caught dead doin' that.   But now that I got this thing in my hand
bet we could have some other fun with it.  You'd like that wouldn't you wussy
faggot? he said.

Again, not having any choice, I had to answer in the positive.

"Yes Sir,  the wussy faggot would like you to play with her dick, Sir."

"Hey Red, push me one of those cocktail swizzle sticks, the long thick ones with
the knob on the end." he called across the table.

The guy named Red, picked up a swizzle stick from a small pile not too far from
his left hand.   It was about 8 inches long, a quarter of an inch in diameter
and had about a half inch round knob on the end.

"Open your cocksucker, bitch." he ordered me.

I opened my mouth and he pushed the knob end in.

"Now get that nice and wet bitch, I like you so I am making this easier for ya
by letting you wet it first." he said.

He then pulled it out of my mouth and before I even realized what was about to
happen the knob end had disappeared up the slit of my throbbing cock.

I felt nothing but a warm sensation at first, but then suddenly, the damned
thing started to burn.   It burned a lot.  I let out an involuntary gasp of
pain.

"Oh, I don't think the wuss faggot much likes that, Killer." a man sitting next
to me said to the Beard.

"Too fucking bad for the bitch, ain't it."  Killer answered.

"Is this hurtin' ya faggot bitch?" he asked.

"Yes Sir, it burns quite a bit."  I answered biting down on my lip.

"Good it's supposed to, but I am only just starting wait till I start fucking
the inside of your dick with it, then you will know pain, faggot." he spit out.

He then pushed it all the way in and I screamed out in pain again.   He had
transferred the hand that had been holding onto my dick to my balls and he held
me tight so I couldn't back off.

Then he started to fuck the inside of my dick with that swizzle stick and I
started screaming in pain.   It hurt a whole lot and I wanted him to stop.   I
just couldn't hold back from begging.

"Please Mr. Killer, Sir, please stop.  It hurts so much.  Please Sir, please." 
I begged, pleaded and cried.

He just laughed and kept it up.

"The little faggot keeps trying to tell us he doesn't like this, but look at his
fucking dick, it is still hard and still throbbing.    The little bitch loves
this."

"Hey Red are there a couple more of this type of swizzle over there?"  he called
out.

"Ya got two more here, ya need 'em Killer?." was the answer.

"Ya, bring'em on over here.  Let's give the little bitch faggot something to
really remember us by."  he said.

I watched in terror as Red got up from his chair and made his way towards me
with two more swizzle sticks.    What the fuck was the Killer going to do to me
with those.    I was really frightened and began to shake along with the cries
of pain I was emitting.

"Get right behind the little faggot Red and work one of those things up each
nostril.   Once it is up all the way it will stay there all by itself."   Killer
instructed his mate.

"Please no, don't do this." I begged in vain.

Red grabbed my hair and pulled my head back.   He leaned over my shoulder and
leered into my eyes.

"Gonna really enjoy this faggot.   Bet this is gonna hurt like hell." he
whispered in my ear, then stuck his tongue in and wiggled it around. 

He roughly placed the first knob at the opening of my left nostril, then began
to push it in.   It didn't really hurt much, but it didn't feel good either.  He
reached a certain spot and the movement of the knob caused me to start sneezing.

Red pull the stick out and pinched my nose while I was trying to sneezing.   It
was fucking terrible.   The sneeze had nowhere to go and it felt like the top of
my head was going to blow off.

As soon as the sneezing spell was finished he then proceeded to push that
swizzle in again.  It had gone in almost two inches before I started to feel
pain and I let out a cry.  He just smiled and pushed until it wouldn't go any
farther.   It was hurting now.

Without waiting, he then started pushing the other one up my right nostril.  I
guess because the left nostril was filled with a stick already, this one did not
have the freedom to travel up as well as the first one had.   This one hurt
right from the start.

I could feel every fraction of an inch of movement as it forced it's way into
the tender reaches of the Nasal cavity.  The pain had become incredible.   My
eyes were watering uncontrollably.

The pain in my dick hadn't lessened any either.   Killer was still working the
swizzle stick in and out at a ferocious rate.   I was crying and begging for
them to stop, but they only laughed.

Suddenly, Killer stopped ramming the thing in and out of my dick.    Just the
fact that he stopped made it feel much better, even though it was still on fire.

"Ya know wuss, if I push this thing in far enough  the knob will push into the
bladder, the urethra will squeeze tight around the shaft and we won't be able to
get it out.   I somehow don't think you would like that very much would you?" he
asked.

"No Sir, I wouldn't like it very much, Sir."  he was going to do it.

He must be, otherwise, why was he telling me this.   The bastard was going to
push it up and get it stuck there and I was going to have to go through hell
until they could get it out again.

"I think it might be fun to push it up a little farther.   I mean let's take a
little risk, life is so dull without risk don't you think faggot." he asked.

Damn, he was going to force me to give him the ok to push that fucking thing
into my bladder.  What the fuck was I going to do?

Well I did the only thing I could do.   I started to cry harder and shake
harder.

"Come on faggot answer me, you would like to have a little risk in your life
wouldn't you." he was smirking.

With tears running down both cheeks I answered.

"Yes, Sir.  I would like some risk in my life."

I had to, the punishment for not agreeing with the bastard could be a hundred
times worse than what I would suffer from that little swizzle stick becoming
stuck up my cock.

"Maybe the wuss faggot is not such a wuss after all."  Killer announced to the
table.

"The way I figure it faggot, with this swizzle stick in as far as I can get it
from the outside, the knob end is now approximately 3 inches from the entry to
the Bladder.   I propose we play a little game of cards to determine how much
farther up your dick we should push it."  he smirked.

"I think maybe Black Jack would be a good game...ya..mmmm  let's say 6 hands of
Black Jack.  For each hand that I win, I get to push that little swizzle stick
up a half inch.  In order for me to get to push that stick into your bladder I
would have to win all 6 hands.  The odds however, are in your favor, because you
are bound to win at least one hand, the law of averages applies here, faggot." 
he said looking me square in the eye.

"Well faggot are you game or are you going to wuss out?" he challenged.

He was right, the odds were in my favor that he would not win all or even half
of the games so the risks of that swizzle stick getting pushed into my bladder
were so small that I would be ok.

"Yes Sir, I will play Sir."  I said meekly.

"Well, well the faggot's got balls.  Nick you be the dealer, Arnie you keep
score.  Ok lets play cards."  Killer said enthusiastically.

From the sound of it he was a gambler and loved the chase.  Nick pulled out a
deck of cards and started dealing.

Killer won the first hand with 20 I went over.   He won the second with 18 I
went over.  This was not looking good.  The next hand I won with 20, he went
over.  I won hand number four with 18, he stayed at 17.  Hand five he won with
19, I stayed at 18. 

On the final hand Killer was dealt the Queen of hearts and I got the 4 of
diamonds.  Killer took a hit and received the 8 of spades.  He stayed.   I took
a hit and Nick dropped the 2 of spades  in front of me.  I took another hit and
down came the 9 of hearts.  I am sitting a 15, Killer has 18.  I crossed my
fingers and told Nick to hit me.  He dropped the Queen of clubs down and I was
over.

Killer won four hands and could now push that fucking swizzle stick an extra two
inches up into my urethra.   At least he wasn't going to push it right into the
bladder, so I didn't feel all that bad.  But I should have.

All the time we were playing, Red had been massaging my dick, making sure it
didn't soften.   He also kept working that swizzle stick in and out, just enough
to keep me on edge.   The two sticks, sticking out of my nose were still causing
a fair amount of pain.   I was hoping that all of this abuse was going to come
to an end real soon.

"Well there, faggot bitch, I guess I get two more inches of your fucking dick,
huh."  he laughed.

"Pull one of those out of his nose Red, I need it to push this other one deeper
into his cock."  he told his buddy.

Red grabbed the end of the swizzle stick sticking out of the right nostril and
pulled quick.  It felt like he was pulling the whole inside of my nose out with
it.   My eyes welled up with tears, and I gave a little cry of pain.  The
tearing of my eyes was so bad I couldn't see at all.   The inside of my nose was
burning like someone had started a big bonfire.

Red handed the swizzle stick to Killer.

"Fucking things got snot all over it.  Open your cocksucker faggot and clean it
off.   We don't want to be shovin' anythin' dirty up your dick now do we."  he
said laughing as he pushed the snot covered swizzle stick into my mouth.

"Come on faggot clean it off and get it good and lubricated while your at it."
he demanded.

I sucked on the stick, having no other option.   My stomach was revolting at the
idea, but I managed to get it to calm down.   There was no taste at all.

He pulled the swizzle stick out of my mouth, looked at it and gave me a big
grin.   It was clean.

"Now how much you reckon is two inches faggot." he said looking me in the eye.

Oh fuck he was going to make a guess at two inches.   That stick was going to
end up in my Bladder, I just knew it.   That is what this was all about.   The
bastard was just prolonging the agony.

He held the swizzle stick up in front of my face, his finger at the half way
point of the stick, which would have made the distance about four inches.   I
shook my head no.

"Too much or too little, bitch?"

"Too much, Sir." I answered.   "Two inches is about half of that Sir."

"Half of that!   Are you sure?" a false look of incredulity on his dark, bearded
face.

"Yes Sir." I said, trying to sound authoritative.

"Bullshit, what do you think Red, is the faggot bullshitting me or what?" he
asked his buddy.

"He's fuckin' bullshittin' ya Killer.  Squeeze the little pricks balls to teach
him a lesson."  Red suggested.

"Right after I push this fucker in." Killer answered.

Red grabbed my hair and pulled my head back.   He grabbed the end of the swizzle
stick that was sticking our of my right nostril and moved it around a bit.  
Just enough to cause more pain.

At the same moment Killer placed the second swizzle stick at my piss slit and
started to push the first one farther in my urethra.   I could feel it sliding
along the urethra burning as it went.   

I was crying out in pain from both of the intruding instruments.   I begged and
pleaded for them to stop but that only made them go at it harder then before.

Red let go of the stick and my hair at the same time as Killer withdrew the
second swizzle stick from my cock.

"There we go, it is in the full two inches."  Killer announced.

"Ya really like this kind'a stuff, huh, faggot?   Fuckin' cock is still just a
throbbin'." he said with a chuckle.

He then wrapped one of his massive hands around my dick and slowly began to wank
me.  He hadn't pushed the stick  all the way up and into my Bladder, there was
still about half inside my dick.   His hand wrapped tightly around my cock was
pressing against the stick.   He started to wank my dick and the stick began to
move back and forth with his wanking.

"Aaaaaaaaagggghhhhh." I screamed out. 

The pain was unbelievable.   But my cock stayed hard and Killer started wanking
me faster.    I was now getting intense pleasure and intense pain at the same
moment, coming from the same organ on my body.   However the pleasure was
starting to overcome the pain.

I began to moan,  I was being filled with an ecstatic feeling, pain mixed with a
pleasure like I had never experienced before.    I was screaming again, but not
in pain,  I was screaming out my lust.

"Oh yes Killer, wank this faggots cock. Oh yes, make it hurt Killer, wank my
fucking dick right off.  Oh yessssssss."

Killer wrapped his free had around my balls and started squeezing.   Not hard
enough to cause me excruciating pain, but enough that I could feel it.   This
new pain joined the pain in my dick and just added to my lust.    I could not
believe that pain could feel so fucking good.  

"Yes, Killer squeeze my nuts.   Tear the fuckers off.   Squeeze them, pull them,
break the fucking things. Yaaaaa..ohhhh ....ohhaaaaayaaaa."  I screamed out.

Killer wanked me harder and faster, squeezing ever harder on my nuts.   Red
grabbed me by the hair, pulled my head back and pulled the swizzle stick from my
nose.   This just added to the pleasure pain. 

Red then planted his lips on mine and his tongue invaded my hot, dry mouth.  I
sucked on his tongue greedily.  I wanted, I needed his tongue, his mouth and his
mouth juices.

Someone else had started to squeeze and pinch my nipples.   I had ceased to be
Harold, I was now just a living organism full of sexual lust.   Nothing they
could do would have any effect but to pull me deeper into my lust.

My nuts exploded without any warning.   I was shooting hot streams of my juice
all over the front of Killer's skull and cross bones T-shirt and the hair of his
beard.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhh." I screamed out my ecstasy as my balls began to
release the pressure that had been building for the last hour or so. 

Rope after rope, shot forth.   As my lust started to die away, the incredible
pain in my cock returned and my cries turned from pleasure to pain again.

My nuts were drained, Killer let go of my dick, and I grabbed the table to keep
from falling.   I stood there for a few minutes trying to recover.   I was
gasping for air and shaking all over.   I started to feel a chill and realized
that I had been sweating during the whole thing and now that the activity had
stopped I was getting cold.

My breathing finally started to return to normal and my strength returned.  It
had been one hell of an experience.   Although there had been intense pleasure,
pleasure like I had never experienced before, the pain had also been intense and
still was.   I was not sure I would ever like to go through it again though.

"Look at the fucking mess you made of my shirt, faggot bitch."  Killer growled
menacingly.

I looked at his shirt and almost broke out laughing.   If it hadn't have been
for the look on his face, I would have.   His shirt front was just covered in my
cum.  He didn't say a thing about his beard, just that stupid shirt.

"Now what the fuck are you going to do about?" bitch, he growled again.

"I am sorry Mr. Killer Sir." I said meekly.  

"I guess I could lick it off, Sir." I added lamely.

"Oh yer gonna lick it off all right, now get busy."  he ordered.

I got down on my knees in front of him and started licking my cum off his shirt. 
Once I had it as clean as I could get it, I leaned back and opened my stupid
mouth again.

"Is that ok, Mr. Killer, Sir." my dumb mouth said, one of these days I was going
to learn to keep it shut.

His eyes turned to fire.   His face started to turn red.    I nearly shit
myself, the man was getting angry.    He was going to kill me I was sure, so I
cowered down.

"You fucking faggot creep." he spit it out at me. 

"You ruined my favorite shirt with your fucking sissy seed.  How can I be
expected to wear a shirt that has been covered in sissy seed?   I would be the
laughing stock of all my friends.   Oh no faggot, it is not, OK,  and you are
going to have to pay.   ." he paused, but kept his fiery eyes locked on mine.

"This shirt cost me fifteen bucks.   On top of that there is the cost of going
back to Florida to get a replacement.  Figure that at around eight hundred
dollars return from here.  Then there are all my expenses, food, hotel,
entertainment, etc.   Let's say a nice round figure of....oh...fifteen hundred."

I gave a little gasp, the bastard wanted me to pay him fifteen hundred dollars
for his fifteen dollar fucking T-shirt.  My mouth dropped open in amazement.

He reached out and grabbed my nuts.  Then I saw his other hand go to his waist.  
He pulled out an eight inch hunting knife.   I went into panic mode again and
began to shake.

"Now I tell you what, faggot.  You place fifteen hundred smackers, on this table
right now and I won't castrate you."  his eyes were blazing.

"I don't have any money on me at all." I squeaked out through trembling lips.  

"I am naked, Mr. Killer.   Please don't cut off my nuts.   Master Charlie will
pay you Sir." I blurted out in my panic. 

"You think Charlie is going to fork out fifteen hundred to save your fucking
worthless nuts, do you?"  he laughed at that.

"Well, tell you what, faggot.  Let's just find out shall we."  he challenged.

He quickly stripped off the shirt.

"Open your mouth faggot." he ordered.

Much too terrified to do anything else I obeyed.   He pushed part of the T-shirt
into my mouth and ordered me to hold it there.

"Now faggot you go over and tell Master Charlie what you have done  to upset
this very good customer, and show him the shirt.    Explain that you now owe the
customer fifteen hundred dollars.  That you promised the customer that Charlie
would make good on his slaves debt.   Now off you go faggot."  with that his big
hands turned me around and he gave me a slap on the butt to send me on my way.

When I had told him that Charlie would pay him, I had felt confident that
Charlie would.   Now I was more scared of what Charlie would do then the knife
that Killer threatened to use to castrate me.

I was now at a point of trying to decide which evil was worse, Charlie or the
knife.   I hesitated a couple of times, almost turning back and letting Killer
remove my nuts, rather than face Charlie.

Then other things began to happen.  As I passed the first table, where I had
taken the order, one of them grabbed me and asked where the hell their order
was.  I pulled quickly from his grasp and hurried as quickly as I could towards
Charlie.

I was approaching Charlie's table from an angle at which he could see me.  He
looked up and stared at the sight of his slave waiter, heading towards him with
his dick hanging out and a T-shirt sticking out of his mouth.   It must have
been either as weird or as funny as hell to watch, depending entirely on your
perspective.

When I reached the table I stood quietly until Charlie acknowledged me.   I was
scared and shaking like crazy.  My whole body just a vibrating.

Charlie finally looked up at me, grabbed the T-shirt and pulled it out of my
mouth.

"You want something, Dink." he asked in a calm, gentle voice, as though all his
slaves approached him everyday like this.  Well maybe they did.

Tears started rolling down my cheeks as I tried to explain.

"I was taking orders from the tables like I was supposed to Sir.   He made me
put my dick on the table.  Then he wanted to play cards with my dick and then
the swizzle stick was hurting and my nose was full and hurting, I came all over
his shirt and he wants to cut off my balls.  I failed Sir, I failed you."  I
blurted all this nonsense out, fell down on my knee and placed my head in his
lap and cried like a baby.

His big, warm, soft hand gently rubbed my shoulder.

"It's ok Dink.  Just relax, that's a good boy.   Now calm yourself down, no one
is going to cut off your balls."  he said gently, kindly, fatherly.

He continued to rub my shoulders and talk gently to me, getting me settled down. 
It must have taken five or ten minutes, but finally I had calmed down enough and
looked up into his face.

"I failed to do a simple job like waiting on tables, Sir.   I am so sorry."  I
cried.

"Don't worry about the tables, now tell me what happened."  he continued in that
fatherly tone, making me feel confident.

I explained the whole thing right from the moment I had started waiting tables.  
He listened very patiently, not saying anything, just giving me that fatherly
look and rubbing my shoulders.

"So you now owe Killer fifteen hundred dollars but have no means of paying him."
he stated.

I nodded yes.

"Well I guess that does put you in a pretty awkward position, Dink."  he said in
that same calm voice.

"But you made a terrible mistake by making me responsible for paying your debt.  
That was very wrong, Dink.   If you had told him you would ask me for a loan,
well, that would have been different.   But you told him I would give him the
money.  Do you understand the difference, Dink?" he asked.

"Yes Sir, I am sorry, he had my balls in one hand and pulled out that knife.   I
was not thinking clearly Sir.   I panicked I guess."  I tried to excuse away my
stupidity.

"Well that creates a real problem Dink.  I will now have to make good on your
promise.  You are my property and I am responsible for all your actions."

Then he changed his tone, putting more authority and warning into it.   

"Your nuts are safe Dink, Killer won't be cutting them off.  But Dink, if you
ever make a promise like that again, I will personally cut off your nuts and
make you eat them.  Is that clear."

"Yes Sir, very clear.  Thank you, Sir." I said, tears of gratefulness falling
down my cheeks.

"Pat." Charlie called out.

Without a word Pat got up from the table and disappeared.   He was back a few
minutes later and handed something to Charlie.   Charlie picked it up and handed
it to me.    It was fifteen one hundred dollar bills.

"Go pay your debt to Killer, Dink." he said with a smile on his face.

I took the money, thanked him and stood up.

"Oh Dink, before you head back, put your dick back into the pouch.  You really
are a mess, boy.  What do you think the health inspector would do to my
establishment if he walked in here and caught one of my waiters serving tables
with his dick hanging out of his uniform.  You really are one sick fuck, Dink." 

Feeling really ashamed,  I started to stuff my dick back in when the swizzle
stick made an appearance.   Pat took hold of it and pulled it out.  I gave a
little cry of pain, but thanked him.   I then stuffed my dick and balls back in
the pouch and headed back to killers table.   I handed him the money and his
soiled shirt.  

I went back to work.  The rest of the afternoon went without further incident. 
Oh, I had my ass rubbed and slapped, I was grouped, poked and prodded, but
nothing serious.  

I soon learned how to wait tables and keep the orders straight.   It was
actually nice to be doing something productive again. 

At one point I had to piss and headed for the men's room.   At the urinal I
whipped out my sore dick and opened my bladder.    The pain that suddenly ripped
through my dick caused me to scream out loud.   I quickly shut off the flow and
the pain faded.

I had broke out in a cold sweat.   This time a I controlled the flow, but the
moment the urine entered the urethra, instant severe burning.   What had killer
done to me, I wondered in another state of panic.

I quickly stuffed my sore dick back in my pouch and headed over to Charlie's
table.

I stood quietly until Charlie acknowledged my presence.

"What is it Dink." he asked in the fatherly tone.

"May I speak with Pat for a few moments, Sir?" I asked.

"Why certainly Dink go right ahead.   He is right here." Charlie answered.

"Could I speak privately with him, Master Charlie?"  I started to stutter, I was
becoming nervous and scared.

"Now Dink, what could a fucking, useless slave like you have to say to Pat that
would be a secret to your Master?   I think you are going to have to have some
very serious training boy.   Now you ask Pat your question, but make it loud
enough that everyone in the bar is able to hear."  Charlie ordered.

Oh, fuck.   I went and did it again.   Will I never fucking learn.    What was I
going to do.    I wanted to ask Pat about the burning in my cock, I didn't want
the whole bar to know about it.   Now I was stuck, I was too nervous to come up
with something else that would sound plausible.    I was going to have to state
my problem in public.

"Ah..... I....ahhh just....ahhh...tried to... ahh pee... ahh Pat and it ahhh
burns so bad.    Will ah you aahhh check aaah to ah see if ah there is ahh any
ahh permanent damage to ahh the urethra."  I was shaking like mad, and
stuttering and mumbling.

"Now how do you expect Pat or anyone else in this bar to understand what he fuck
your problem is if you mumble and stutter like that dink?"  Charlie admonished.

"Now get your fucking act together and yell it out loud and clear." he ordered,
the fatherly tone now gone.

"It burns real bad to pee, Pat.  Would you look at my dick."  I yelled out in
fear.

Well that broke the bar right up of course.

"What the fuck, are you some kind of faggot, Dink?" Charlie challenged.

"It takes a lot of fucking nerve to ask another man to look at your dick in a
public place.   I ought to send you to your room for a good whipping from Pete
and Larry for your gross behavior in my bar."  Charlie said sternly.

I could see big time pain coming if I didn't get this whole thing turned around
real quick.   For once my head started to work properly.

"I only meant for him to check it, professionally, as a Doctor, Master Charlie.  
There was blood in the urine as well.   I was afraid that your property had been
damaged and if I failed to have Pat check it I would not be fulfilling my duty
to you, Sir.   I believe that I would committing a great crime if I allowed this
body that belongs to you to become damaged and not report it Sir." 

"Quite right, Dink, quite right.  However, in future you report everything to
me.   I decide if you need looking after or not.   You must not ever make
decisions on your own.   I will forgive you this time, but don't let it happen
again, understand."  he said in that voice that meant listen up sucker or you
will be sorry.

"Yes Sir."  I answered.

Anyway, I now had to submit to a public  medical examination.   Pat went behind
the bar and came back with a doctor's instrument bag.   He pulled out all manner
of device and began checking out my dick.

I guess the patrons had never seen a man get his dick examined, because the next
thing I new every fucking guy in the bar had formed a group around us so they
could watch.

Talk about humiliation.   Pat's fingers were so soft and warm and my dick began
to get hard.   Here I go again, I thought.   Pat had some kind of scope thing
that he cleaned with some alcohol, then lubricated.   He started pushing it
slowly up my urethra, his eye glued to the little viewer thingy.

Like the swizzle stick it didn't hurt at first, but it hadn't gone more than an
inch when it began to sting.   That didn't stop him.   He told me to grit my
teeth and hold on.   He pushed the thing all the way up inside me.   That scope
are was twice as long as the swizzle stick had been, and it was now all the way
up my cock.

Pat lifted his eye from the scope.

"The linings of the urethra are scratched and a bit raw from the stick,  Dink.  
It is going to burn like hell to piss for the next couple of days until
everything heals up.  But you got no worries, no permanent damage."  he said
smiling, then he gave a pull and the scope came sliding out.

Just like that swizzle stick being pulled out of my nose by Red, pulling that
scope out so quickly felt like the whole inside so my cock was coming with it.

I gave out a scream of pain and my hands whipped around to grab my poor burning
cock.

"You mean there is no way to stop the pain when I piss, Pat?" I asked in
desperation.

"Afraid so, Dink.   You will just have to live with."  he said shaking his head
sadly.

I went back to the toilet, my bladder was still full and it wanted emptying.  
It took a long while and a lot of pain to get it empty.   I would let a little
dribble out and cringe, then a little more and cringe.   Letting it out faster
was just too painful.

My dick ached for the rest of the afternoon, but I did my duty and had no
complaints from the tables.

It had just turned six when Harry told me Charlie wanted me at the main table.

I headed over and stood beside him waiting for him to acknowledge my presence.

"Grab a chair Dink, time for supper." he said.

I sat down in the only empty chair, the one to his left.   Not long after I sat
down, Harry brought us all a round of beer.   I hated the damned stuff, but
didn't dare say anything.   I also knew I had to drink it in long, manly
swallows or Charlie would be all over me.  On top of that, it would fill my
bladder and I would have to go through a very painful piss.

Charlie ended up ordering me two rounds and making sure I drank both before he
let Harry finally bring out the dinner.    Tonight's fair was roast beef,
potatoes, and mixed veg.   It smelt wonderful.   I was even given a set of
cutlery.   Now if I could only eat it before Charlie managed to get it onto the
floor and kicked around.

I need not have worried.  We ate at a leisurely pace and continued the same
discussion that had been going on while we drank the beer.    We talked sports,
but I had never heard of any of the teams we talked about.

After the meal was consumed, Harry brought another round of beer.   Charlie was
bound, bent and determined that I would suffer to the maximum.   We continued to
talk until the glasses were empty.  Then Charlie turned to me.

"Dink, you were a real disappointment today.   You care too much for your
fucking nuts and not enough for me, your Master.  You now owe me another fifteen
hundred.  To teach you a lesson, I am going to take that fifteen hundred back
from you by having your nutsack stretched.   I am going to take it back at the
rate of one dollar per hour,  that means you owe me fifteen hundred hours of nut
stretching time." he said looking at me.

I just swallowed.  More pain was all I could think.

"Larry is very good at stretching nut sacks so you will be spending four hours
every evening from now until your debt is paid in full.  That's 375 days Dink. 
Those nuts should be hangin' pretty low by then."  he added with a chuckle.

"Now there is the little matter of neglecting your Master.   You really do need
much more training.   But I will not except lack of training as an excuse for
neglecting your Master." he said crossly, looking me right in the eye.

"Therefore, you will remove your pouch, your boots, socks and chest straps.  Do
it now."  he commanded.

Without hesitation I began to strip.   What did it matter they had all seen me
naked today anyway.   It didn't lessen my humiliation, but it did make it easier
to obey.

It only took a few minutes to strip, but as I was stripping I was wondering what
hell he had in store for me now.   I soon found out and it was hellish.

"Now go over and lay across Pete's lap.  He is going to spank your bottom.   You
have been a very bad boy, Dink and you need a good spanking.   He will only use
his hand, but you will find it hurts just as much as a belt.   He will give you
20 paced spanks and then 20 fast spanks.   I want your fucking ass red.   You
are going to learn who your Master is, even if it kills you Dink.  Now get over
there."  he ordered.

On trembling legs I made my way to Pete.   I felt full of shame, a grown man
having to submit to a spanking across another mans knee, in public.

The moment I was across his lap the first spank came.   It stung like hell and I
cried out.  The second followed shortly after and I cried out again.   They were
delivered in a regular rhythm.  Spank, 1,2,3, spank,1,2,3,spank.  The pain just
kept getting worse with each spank.

Pete was up to the tenth spank when I felt his cock pressing into my belly. 
Pete was getting really turned on by this.   His cock was throbbing and pushing
up, trying to escape from the tight jeans he was wearing.

By the time he got to 20 I was crying uncontrollably.   I guess I better tell
you that although the spanking was hurting, my cock had also risen and was
pushing against Pete's leg.   It was almost getting masturbated by his leg,
because when his hand hit my ass I was thrust forward then would move back.

If I though the 20 rhythmic spanks were bad I hadn't felt anything until the 20
fast ones started.   The blows came bang, bang, bang, one on top of the other.  
My ass felt like it was on fire.   My cock was still moving against Pete's leg
and I was really turned on.

Pete's cock was still pushing and pulsing against my belly through his jeans. 
He was just coming up on the 18th fast spank when I start to cum.

"Spank my useless ass Pete, spank it hard." I suddenly screamed out.

"Spank me, spank me, spank me.  I am a naughty boy.  I have failed my Master so
many times.  Spank me Pete make this faggot bitch feel it."  I just kept
screaming out these insane things as I blew my load all over my belly and Pete's
jeans.

Pete had started to cum as well and he couldn't stop at the 20 any more than I
wanted him to.   He kept spanking until we both had drained our nuts.   He sat
back exhausted from the effort that was need to do the spanking.  I lay limp in
his lap, by ass on fire, but my nuts satisfied.

Charlie brought us both back from that euphoric land we have a tendency to
travel to after blowing a load.

"Get your fucking ass up off Pete's lap you lazy little bastard."  Charlie
yelled.

I jumped up quick, my face as red as my ass, I am sure.

"Now what do you say to Pete, Dink." he ordered.

I had to do some quick thinking to figure out what he wanted from me. 
Thankfully my wits were about me.

"Thank you Pete, Sir for teaching me a valuable lesson.   I shall alway remember
to treat my Master with respect and to bring all my problems to him first in the
future."

Charlie gave me a big smile, which I now understood to mean he was satisfied
with my answer.

"Time for your ball stretching, Dink.  Have fun." he said.

"Yes Sir, thank you Sir." I said, surprised that tears were still running down
my cheeks.

My dick was burning, that fucking swizzle stick had really done a number on it.   
My ass was now burning from the spanking.  I was dead tired from all the torment
these people had put me through today.  Now I had four hours of nut pain to look
forward to .   Oh what a wonderful life  I was leading.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 10

"I will meet you in the cell room in twenty minutes, Dink.  Be naked." Larry
said.

I looked at Charlie and he nodded.   I had never been permitted to ever go
anywhere by myself before.   Charlie must be damned sure I wouldn't try getting
away or he wouldn't be letting me do this alone.

When I got to the cell room I went straight to the shitter.   I sat down and
spent the next 10 minutes in extreme pain emptying all that fucking beer out of
my bladder.

Then it was into the shower for a quick one.   I felt dirty after all the things
that had happened to me this afternoon.  The hot spray, peppering my body like
little darts felt great  and helped to rejuvenate me.

I returned to the cell room feeling clean and half human again, Larry was
already there.  He had brought in a strange looking piece of equipment.  A kind
of low bench with wheels,  it had all kinds of steel rods and pulleys attached.  
I walked over and looked at the thing, I figured it had something to do with the
torture I was about to undergo, but hadn't the foggiest idea  it worked.

Larry noticed my look of consternation.

"It's a ball stretcher, Dink.  Designed it myself, you may never believe it, but
this contraption will actually make the whole thing easier on you." he
explained.

"Well if you say so Larry, but I'll tell you right now I know this whole fucking
thing is just going to be another exercise in pain.   Charlie seems to delight
in hurting me."

"I ain't going to try and shit you Dink, it is going to be painful, at lest for
the first week or so.   I'll try not to hurt you too much, but Charlie has given
me orders and I must obey.   I do hope you don't take any of this personal."

"No, I understand. Let's get too it then.  The sooner we start the sooner it is
finished."  I said with half hearted resignation.

"Lay down here with your head right on this little pillow thing and your feet on
these stirrups." he instructed, showing me where to put my head and feet.

I lay down and was surprised at how comfortable the bench was.   I thought it
would be hard like most benches, but this one had great foam padding.

Larry quickly cuffed my ankles to the stirrups, fastened some straps around my
legs so I could not move them.   Then belts were fastened across my abdomen and
chest.   Finally he had me place my arms under the  bench and grasp each
opposing elbow.  He then cuffed each wrist to the opposite side.   My arms
effectively became the binding to hold me tightly to the bench.   I was not
liking any of this at all, but had no choice but to  obey Larry's commands.

"There, we are all set to start.   Dink,  I have to be very honest with you.  
As I mentioned before this is a painful procedure,  hurting you is going to turn
me on.   I can't help it Dink, believe me, the last thing in the world I want to
do is hurt you, but I have no choice.    It is very possible, in fact most
likely that should I get turned on I will loose control, so Dink, don't do
anything to that will add to my lust.   Try not to scream if you possible can. 
If you do, I could end up really causing you some serious pain and not be able
to help myself.  Ok?"

"Yes, I understand Larry." I answered.  I was really frightened now.

He held up a little leather thing with straps and silver rings attached.  He
explained that it was a jacket that would fit around my nuts.   The weight
pulleys would be attached to the straps.   Once the weights were applied, this
arrangement would ensure that the pull was even all around my nuts and I
wouldn't end up with an uneven stretch.  That is, one side hangin' lower than
the other.

As soon as he started man handling my nuts, my dick rose up.   He bent over and
gave it a little kiss and a lick.  Then finished fastening the jacket.

"Ok, all set here.   I am going to fasten the pulley cables and you will feel
your nuts pulled down.   The cables only have a one pound weight attached, just
enough weight to pull everything nice and snug." 

He fastened the cables and I felt my balls being pulled down towards the end of
the bed, but there was no pain.

"There how does that feel?"

"Ok, doesn't hurt or anything.  Just a pulling sensation."  I answered.

"Well that's going to change in just a second, Dink.  I am going to start you
with ten pounds.   That may not sound like much, but if you have never had 10
pounds pulling on your nuts before, it will feel like a hundred."

He walked around to the back, where the weights were hanging.   He lifted the
one pound weight slightly and I felt my balls loosen.  He removed the one pound
weight and attached the ten.  

"Here it comes Dink."  he said as he let if fall from his hand.

"Noooooooooo." I yelled when I saw what he was going to do.

Then the pain hit.   My nuts were suddenly yanked with a tremendous amount of
force towards the end of the bed.   It felt like a giant hammer had been smacked
against them.

I saw stars and could feel bile rising in my stomach as the pain traveled around
and around in my groin.   It was no different then getting kicked in the balls. 
The only real difference is the pain continued.   That little black jacket was
squeezing my nuts together,  it felt like a hand had grabbed hold and was
squeezing and pulling at the same time.

I cried and begged for him to release the weight, instead I heard a strange,
maniacal laugh.   I opened my eyes and was horrified.    Larry had a big raging
hard on.  He lifted the weight up relieving the pressure.

"Scream baby, scream." he said and let the weight drop again.

The pain ripping through my balls was complete and total.   I existed around a
ball of fire that centred right in the centre of my nuts.   I could hear someone
screaming, but it was far away and hidden by the fog that blinded me. 

All that really existed was that all consuming pain. 

I don't know how long I was lost in the fog, but it did finally start to lift.  
The pain easing off from a steady fire to regular sharp jabs.   As the fog
continued to dissipate I realized that I was alone. 

A strange humming sound filled the room and I looked around through the
remaining wisps of the fog to try and track it down.   It was coming from the
end of the bench.   This stretch machine was motorized.    The fucking thing was
lifting the weight about an inch, on a regular cycle and letting it drop.   This
is what was causing the sharp pains.

I called out for Larry but there was no response.   I cried out for Charlie, I
begged him and pleaded with him to please stop this.   But no one answered, no
one came.   The machine hummed on, sending sharp jolts of pain continuously
through my aching nuts.

After what seemed an eternity I heard a door open and someone step into the
room.  I tried to see who it was but my position on the bench made that
impossible.  However I assumed it was Larry.

"Larry, please Larry, shut if off.  It hurts so much, Larry.  Please." I begged,
tears flowing down my cheeks.

Suddenly he was behind my head looking down.   He was naked and his dick was
sticking straight out from his body.

He then went behind the machine and lifted the weight up, relieving the
pressure.

"Thank you, Larry....thank you."  I gushed out.

But my thank you's were much too soon.   I watched in horror as he detached the
10 pound weight and then picked up one that looked much bigger and began to
attach it.

"My god Larry, no.....please Larry don't do this.   Larry nooooooooooo"

My pleading did no good and I screamed out in agony as the 20 pound weight near
pulled my nuts off after he dropped it. 

The pain was incredible.   My bladder let go and my dick turned to fire as I
began pissing uncontrollably all over myself.

I was screaming in agony again and was lost in that red haze.  If I'd have had a
knife at that moment I would have gladly cut off my own cock and balls to
relieve the pain.   Instead I strained against the bindings trying to get away
from this horrible torture.

Eventually the pain began to ease off and the haze lifted.   I was still crying
loudly, my head was shifting from side to side, the only part of my body I could
still move.

As the haze lifted an apparition appeared above my head.   I stopped moving it
back and forth and tried to focus in on this red, hazy ghost.  It took
tremendous concentration, but the haze began to clear and there was Larry
standing over me.  His big cock pulsing and throbbing and dripping precum.

He got down on his knees behind my head, and did something to the bench.   The
part behind my head fell away.  He looked into my eyes and smiled.   At the same
time he placed a hand on my forehead and pushed my head down.   I knew then that
he wanted me to suck him.

Larry pushed his cock into my mouth and I started to suck.    He grabbed on
tight to my nipples and thrust his big cock all the way down my throat and began
to fuck my face.

I was a little stunned by this, I hadn't expected it at all.   Now besides the
sharp pains shooting through my nuts every half second or so, my nipples were
burning from his pinching and my throat felt like hell from the jabbing of his
cock.

It took Larry a long time to reach climax.  The whole time he just kept jabbing
that cock down my throat and pinching on my nipples.   I was crying but he paid
no attention.   His lust had hold of him and nothing mattered but getting it
off.

I finally felt him tighten up and knew he was going to blow.   With a scream he
rammed his cock as far down my throat as it would go and held it there.   I
could feel his nuts shooting his load deep in my throat.   It was the strangest
feeling I had ever had.    Larry did not move until his nuts stopped pulsing.

He was pushed up tight against my mouth and nostrils, I could not breath.   I
tried moving my head to get him to pull back to let me have air, but he held
tight, his nuts still discharging his seed deep into my throat.

I had become desperate and was on the verge of biting his cock to get him to
pull off when he pulled out quickly, got up and left the room, slamming the door
behind him.

I felt terrible.  I felt used, I felt like I had been raped.   None of the other
acts that I had been forced to perform while here had made me feel this badly
used.  A shudder ran through me and I cried.

Another hour or two went by.  The machine continued to raise and drop the
weight.   My balls were one mass of steady unrelenting pain, interspersed with
sharp knife like jabs.   I had just about given up hope, when Larry finally
returned and silently removed the weights and released me from the bench.  

He helped me to sit up, put his arms around me and pulled me tight to his body. 

"Please don't hate me Harold?" he begged sadly.

I looked into his sad eyes and I saw sincere remorse.   He was almost on the
verge of crying himself.

"No Larry, I don't hate you.  But I was angry with you." I answered.

"I tried to warn you about what might happen Harold.   I get terribly turned on
by hurting people.   Once it gets started the lust grows in me and I become
unable to control what I do.  I no longer see my victims as human, they are just
a source of pure pleasure.   The more they scream in agony, the more pleasure I
get."  he had tears in his eyes now as he confessed.

"I had made up my mind that I would not make you scream Harold, but when that 10
pound weight was in my hand my heart started to beat faster and faster and the
lust took over and I dropped it.   Your scream was music to my ears, from that
moment, you ceased to be Harold, you were just a source of pleasure."   Tears
were falling down his cheek now.

"I am very sorry Harold, very truly sorry.   But tomorrow night it will probably
be the same.   If you scream out, I will loose control and I will hurt you
again.    But I have no choice Harold, Charlie has ordered me to stretch your
nuts, I must obey."

I hugged him tightly and kissed him tenderly.

"It's ok Larry, I do understand.  We are all victims here,  we must obey the
Master.  I am very tired, it has been a very long day.   My body is racked with
pain and I really would like to go to bed?"  I whispered wearily in his ear.

"Yeah, I guess you would.  Thanks for understanding Harold.   For the first time
since I became a slave for Master Charlie, I am doing something I really don't
want to do?"  he gave me a squeeze and then helped me up.

"Good night." he said giving me a peck on the cheek.

"Good night, Larry." I answered.

I rubbed my aching nuts gently and waddled carefully over to my cell and lay
down on my cot.   I listened to him fussing around with his equipment of
torture.  He wheeled it out into the hall and I heard the door close.

I lay there, my mind going over all the terrible things that had happened to me
today.   The big guy covering me in his cum and then being forced to slurp it up
off of the floor and lick myself clean.

Killer pushing that swizzle stick deep inside me and masturbating me with it
inside.   My dick was still sore from that.
Me cumming all over his fucking shirt and then being forced to pay fifteen
hundred bucks for a fifteen dollar shirt.   Finally Charlie sending me for ball
stretching.  

I think I could have handled the ball stretching with no real problem if it
hadn't been for what Larry did.   I felt sorry for him,  he was genuinely broken
up over what he had done in his state of lust.  It really wasn't his fault, it
was Charlie's.

I fell into a troubled sleep with these things running through my mind.

I awoke early, my nuts were aching something fierce.   I gingerly climbed off of
the cot and made my way to the toilet.   The moment my bladder opened I let of a
scream of agony and grabbed my burning cock.    The piss was like red hot molten
lava as it traveled down the urethra.  

It took a good ten minutes of pure agony to slowly empty my bladder.   I was
soaking wet from sweating.   This was not going to be much fun at all and I
vowed not to drink anything until my dick healed.

I then headed into the shower soaped up and just stood there for the longest
time letting the hot water play over my aching body.   I was finished my shower
long before Pat arrived.   He had a big box under his arm as he entered. 

"Good morning Harold." he said placing the box on the leather table.

"How are you feeling this morning?"

I looked at him and replied without a lot of enthusiasm, "Fine."

He came over to me and put his arms around me, pulling me close.  He kissed me
tenderly.  I loved him more at that moment then I had ever loved anyone in my
whole young life.   All I wanted was to spend the rest of my life making him
happy.

"Your dick is still burning when you pee, huh?"  he asked but it was more like a
statement.

"Yeah, and my nuts are fucking sore to boot." I whined.

"Hang in there Harold, things will get better soon, believe me." he said softly
in my ear and then kissed me.

"I hope so Pat, I really hope so."

I heard the door open and Pat and I separated.   It was Pete. 

"Good morning guys." he called out cheerily.

"Morning."  Pat answered.

"Good morning." I said with a little more cheer than I had managed for Pat.

"Well I guess we better get you suited up Harold." Pat said as he opened the box
that he had brought with him. 

I had been curious about what might be in the box, I hadn't expected it to be
the Dinky doggie stuff.   Apparently they had sent it out to get it cleaned up
after yesterdays little fun and games.

They went to work getting me into the outfit.   It didn't take very long before  
I was lifted and placed on the floor.  The leash was not attached this morning,
so  I  just  followed along behind them to the bar.

With my lower legs strapped to my thigh and covered in the fur thing,  my balls
were brushed and bounced with every step I took.   Each brush, each bounce sent
a sharp pain surging through my groin, just as the bouncing weight had done last
night.   Walking on ones knees with the legs spread wide apart to avoid having
your balls bounce is damned near impossible,  fuck no, it is impossible.   Ah, I
thought, welcome to another fucking day filled with misery and pain, Harold.

Charlie did his usual thing with the fucking behind the ear scratching and
breakfast was placed before me.   At least it wasn't garbage.   Harry had made
me a great tomato and mushroom omelet filled with cheddar cheese.   I
practically wolfed it down.   Only burnt my tongue twice, and never got a single
speck on the floor.   I guess I was learning to be a good dog.

Under the bite sized pieces of omelet I found bite sized pieces of sausage and
home fried potatoes.   It was an excellent breakfast, the only thing that would
have made it perfect would have been if I could have eaten it with a fork and
knife. 

Harry had also given me another surprise.   My water dish side had coffee, with
exactly the right amount of cream and sugar.  He must have watched me mix one
yesterday just before I started serving in the bar and remembered.   Shit I
think the guy likes me.

I licked both bowls as clean as I could.  Charlie lifted the bowl after I had
finished and praised me for being a good dog and not spilling my food all over
the place.   Then just to ruin my breakfast he picked up a sausage  from his
plate, chewed it a couple of times, then spit it into his hand.

"Here Dinky, daddy's got a treat for you." he called.

The prick made me eat his chewed up piece of sausage.   It felt disgusting going
in my mouth, but what fucking choice did I have?   That's right none, so I ate
it.

But I suppose dear reader that you have noticed that I made a big mistake while
eating that wonderful breakfast.   I had forgotten about my fucking sore dick. 
I had really enjoyed that coffee.  

I was waiting for someone in the bar to call me for a suck job, when Pete
excused himself to go for a piss.   It then dawned on me that I had drunk the
coffee and would have to piss it out very soon.   Coffee goes through my system
rather quicker than most other drinks.

Of course I really didn't have any choice, I think Charlie would probably have
forced me to drink it if I hadn't done it on my own.

However the morning went very quickly, I had to suck damned near 15 cocks.  My
jaw muscles and my tongue were aching.  Luckily there were no more incidents
like yesterday.   I even managed to hold my bladder right up until lunch time.

Pete took me out to the street to have a piss.  I was not required to shit.   I
knew this was going to be the worst.  I had to piss out here or would not be
permitted back inside until I did.  

I got my leg propped up on the tree and began a very slow, controlled piss.  
Again the piss was like molten hot lava flowing down the urethra.   It took
quite a bit of time to get it all out.   Pete pulled a white rag from his pocket
and cleaned off my dick gently.

"Rrrrough." I gave a little half bark to thank him.

"Any time Dink, glad to help." he replied  as he led me back to the bar and
Charlie.

I sat  down beside him and waited for lunch.   Harry came along and placed my
bowl in front of me.   The smells wafting up from it were out of this world.   I
was just about to tuck in when Charlie asked Harry what he had served me.

"Just as you ordered Master Charlie, I warmed up some stuff out of yesterday's
garbage, Sir."  he said with a bit of a tremble.

"It smells pretty damned good to be garbage, fuckhead.  Pick that bowl up and
let me have a look." he ordered.

Poor Harry bent over and picked up the bowl.   I could seen his legs shaking
like mad.   The poor bastard was scared out of his wits.

"What are these little bits here." Charlie asked.

"Tea leaves Sir, I thought I had got them all out, Sir.   I am sorry Master
Charlie, Sir, I'll take it back to the kitchen and get the rest of them out,
Sir.   I will,  I promise Sir, I will get all the tea leaves out, Sir." he
prattled on and on, the poor bugger was so scared.

"Relax, relax Harry.   The tea leaves won't hurt anything, after all it is only
a dog that has to eat it.   Look I can even spit in it and he will eat it."  he
called up a wade from deep in his throat and let it go into the garbage I was
going to have to eat.

"See, nothing wrong with that.  Here you spit in it too.   The fucking stupid
dog won't know the difference."  he ordered.

Poor Harry hawked up and spit into my lunch.    But Charlie was wrong, this
stupid dog did know the difference and didn't much like it.  But it got worse.
Charlie was on a role now and had to have his fun.   After all he had two slave
to torment, so why not make the best of a good thing.

"Just to show you how fucking stupid the dog is, take this bowl around to all
the tables and ask the customers if they would like to spit in the dog's lunch." 
he said with a chuckle.

I was listening to all this and was beginning to turn green.   Not enough to
spit in it himself, now everyone in the bar.   My eyes filled with tears again.  
I was going to have to force that mess down my throat, I had no choice in the
matter.

It took Harry a good ten minutes to take that bowl to every table in the room.  
I could here a lot of throats hawk up.   Charlie had dropped his hand to my head
and was scratching me behind the ear.

"Your dinner will be right back, Dinky.  Harry is just getting everyone to add a
little flavor for you." he said in that fucking sweet voice.

Harry returned with the bowl and was about to put it on the floor when Charlie
stopped him.

"Just a minute Harry.   You can't expect the poor dog to eat it with all those
fucking goobers floating around on top like that.   It sure don't look too
fucking appetizing.    Here is a spoon stir it around good, mix all the green
and yellow goobers into the food so they look appetizing."  he said gleefully to
the still shaking Harry.

After he had stirred all that shit into my food, Harry was about to put it in
front of me, when Charlie stopped him again.

"What are you doing Harry?" he asked.

"Putting the bowl down for your dog, Sir." he replied totally confused.

"Did you taste it to make sure it was well mixed, Harry?"  Charlie asked.

"Ah, no Sir, it's full of spit Sir."  he stuttered.

"So fucking what?  Your a slave, not human, it won't fucking hurt, you now taste
it."  Charlie yelled at the poor bugger.

I couldn't see what was happening from my position and didn't dare move. 
Charlie would have been on my case in a flash.

"How does it taste, Harry?" Charlie asked.

"Ok Sir." Harry replied, but the tone said, I am going to throw up my guts.

"Just fucking ok.  You were going to feed my dog food that was just ok.  Well I
have news for you, you piece of shit, you ain't feeding, just ok, slop to my
dog.  You eat it." he yelled.

I could see poor Harry's legs vibrating, the poor bastard was scared out of his
wits and now had to eat the garbage that everyone in the room had spit in.

I couldn't see him, but I could hear him gagging it down.   Although I felt
sorry for him, I was saying thank yours, that I wouldn't have to.

"Now lick the fucking bowl clean." he ordered Harry.

Once Larry had complied Charlie went on again.

"Didn't like having to eat everyone's fucking goobers did you Harry?"  Charlie
asked quietly.

"No Sir." he answered.

"Then let this be a lesson to you.  When I give you an order you obey it.  Just
be thankful that all you had to do was eat that crap.  Next time the boys will
work on that bum leg again.  Understand."

"Yes, Sir, Master Charlie I understand."  he answered.

"Good, now you make sure that the dogs lunch is always garbage, and I mean
fucking garbage.  Now you get your ass back to that kitchen and fill this
fucking bowl with the most disgusting fucking garbage you have.   Get it back
out here pronto." he ordered.

Harry rushed off to do the Master's bidding.   I felt my heart sink.   From
fucking bad to worse, I thought, from fucking bad to worse.

Harry was back a few minutes later.

"What's that in the water dish, Harry?" Charlie asked.

"Milk Sir." he said.  "the dog needs lots of calcium Sir."  Harry had started
thinking.

"Hmmm  is that so, well why the fuck did you give him coffee this morning?"

Poor Harry was floored again and couldn't come up with an answer.

"Go to the kitchen and bring back a bottle of vinegar." Charlie ordered.

Off Harry went again, while I started wondering what the fuck he wanted vinegar
for.

Harry returned with the vinegar.

"Now Harry, if you are going to give the dog our good milk, for the calcium of
course, then make sure that it is not fit for human consumption.  Sprinkle a few
real good shots of that vinegar into the milk.   That should turn  it sour real
quick."  Charlie ordered.

Oh fuck no.   There is nothing worse tasting than sour milk and the bastard was
going to make me drink it.  Tears formed in my eyes how much longer could I take
all this damned abuse.

Charlie was now satisfied that my food sufficiently unappetizing for a human and
therefore was perfect for me, his dog.   Harry placed the bowl in front of me. 
I made the mistake of turning my head so I could see what it looked like.   Well
the only word that describes it is, disgusting.   It didn't even smell good.  

"There you go Dinky," Charlie said.  "Eat up boy, gotta keep ya healthy."


Charlie's big hand was suddenly on my neck and he squeezed hard enough that it
brought out a squeal of pain from me.

"Eat up your lunch, dog." he said gruffly.

He let go of my neck and I bent down and began the totally revolting task of
consuming the mess.  The slop didn't taste all that bad, but it wasn't all that
good either.   The sour milk on the other hand was a real chore to gag down.

When it was gone, Charlie gave Pat the ok to take me back to the kennel. 
 
Pat and Pete had me out of the doggie outfit pretty quick.   I excused myself
and headed straight for the toilet.   I stuck my fingers down my throat and got
rid of the disgusting mess that was churning around in my gut.  I kept sticking
my fingers in and force vomiting until nothing more would come up.

I then had a hot shower.   I stood there for the longest time just letting the
hot water rain down on me.   Washing away all the mornings aches and pains.   I
must have been in there a lot longer than I thought because Pat came calling for
me.

After I was dried it was back into the dumb outfit I had worn yesterday.  A
black leather pouch, two sizes too small, the leather straps across my chest,
and the knee high, four inch heel boots.

Then it was back to the bar.  Charlie wanted to see me so I went straight to his
table and stood silently beside him until he acknowledged my presence.

"Ah Dink, sit my boy, sit." he said in that fatherly, I love you tone.

Warily, I sat down in the chair to his left that always seemed to be empty.

"Pete and Larry have been busy, training the three assholes that hurt you so
badly.     It is time for you to punish them for the pain and aggravation they
have caused you, not to mention all the money you lost due to lost time." he
smiled at me.

"This afternoon you will accompany Pete and Larry to the training/punishment
room.   There you will punish each and everyone of those bastards.   Now I know
you are normally a gentle soul, Dink, but you are going to have to put that
aside.   It is imperative for the continued good moral of the other slaves that
you, yourself administer some severe punishment."  he stopped and let that sink
in.

I was not liking what I was hearing.  He wanted me to go and torture those three
guys.   He wanted me to be just as bad as they were.

"You really are not going to have any choice in the matter, Dink.   You either
administer the punishment or you take it on their behalf."

My heart fell and tears filled my eyes.  Was I going to be able to accomplish
this dastardly deed.   Whatever happened, I was going to suffer.  It was just a
matter of whether that suffering were physical or emotional.

The so called Training/Punishment room was just this side of the Kennels.   The
first thing I noticed when Pete unlocked the door was how thick it was.   We
entered into a small foyer.  Larry closed the door behind us and Pete opened
another door that was directly in front of us.

A stench of sweat & urine greeted my nestles the moment the door opened.  The
room was fairly large with cages or pens along the right side.  My three
tormentors were hanging, spread eagle, from chains in the ceiling, side by side,
in the centre of the room.

Their heads hung down on their chests so they were either unconscious or trying
to catch up on sleep.  Not one lifted his head when we entered.

Their bodies all bore evidence of constant beatings.   Red welts covering almost
every inch of what had once  been soft, sensitive skin.   

Larry walked over, grabbed each of them in turn my the hair and struck the man
hard across the face.   Each face barely recognizable as the faces of the men
that had beaten me so badly.

The eyes blackened on each one, the lips cracked and swollen.   They had all
taken constant blows to the face, probably with an open hand.  None of the
bruising looked like a punch from a fist.

After being open handed by Larry each raised his backend eyes up and looked at
us.

I suddenly recognized the man on the right as the ringleader.  He had thrashed
me unmercifully, laughed at my helplessness and verbally tormented me and egged
the others on.

"Please." he begged in a soft pathetic voice, not much louder than a whisper. 
"no more.  Please just kill me.  Please....." his voice trailed off.

"Now why would we want to kill you Pigface."  Larry taunted as he walked up to
the man.   "You are so much fun to play with.   No, no Charlie wouldn't like it
if we were to kill you.   Oh no Pigface, he would not like that at all."

Larry's hand dropped to the man's testicles and he began to squeeze.   I could
see pain erupt on the poor bastards face and a few seconds later he was
screaming in agony, as Larry squeezed harder and harder.

Larry was wearing tight black leather pants and I could see his dick spring up
and push out against his left leg, he was turned on.

He kept squeezing the man's balls then started viscously twisting, then yanking 
downward at the same time.

"Scream Pigface, scream.  It won't do you any good.   I am going to twist your
fucking balls right off.   You don't need them anymore, your a fucking whore
now, whores don't fuck, they get fucked."  Larry taunted as he continued to
twist and squeeze the man's balls.

Just as suddenly as he had started, he let go of the guys balls and walked away.  
I could see the lust shining in his eyes.   The same lust I had seen last night
when he raped my mouth.   Suddenly I really pitied these 3 poor devils.    They
must be in hell with no sign of the exit.

Larry walked right over to Pete and I. 

"That Dink, is what Charlie meant.   You will make these three cocksuckers
scream, just like I made Pigface scream.   If you don't we will string you up
and you will do the screaming for them.  Is that clear?"  he said with a
maniacally look on his face.

"Yes." I croaked, it was obvious I really wasn't going to be the torturer here,
I was still a victim.

This was not the Larry I knew and had come to love.   This was a beast, an evil
beast from the primordial ridges of time.  Come to life in the body of this
beautiful man.  I could have gone on, but he didn't give me anymore time to
pursue these thoughts.

"Now you get over to Asslicker, he's the one in the middle, and do exactly what
I just did to Pigface.  I'll be right beside you to guide you in the fine art of
making some poor fucker scream his fucking lungs out." he said with a laugh.

On shaky legs I headed over to the poor wretch hanging in the centre of the
room.  He saw me coming and knew without doubt I was going to hurt him.   I
watched the fear well up in his eyes, saw his body begin an involuntary shudder. 
All the things that I did when I was in his place.  I pulled my eyes of his face
right away.

I couldn't look the man in the eye.  I knew deep inside that a couple of minutes
after looking anyone of these three men in the eye, I would end up taking their
place.

Instead I looked at the nuts I was about to torment.   Nuts that looked
relatively unscathed compared to the rest of his body.  They weren't huge balls,
they were about average size, about the same size as mine.   His flaccid cut
dick was about four inches long and lay peacefully on top of his scrotum.

"Get your left hand under his nuts and wrap your thumb and forefinger around so
they touch." Larry instructed.

Knowing the consequences for failure to obey, did as instructed.

"Now pull down until the balls are pulled tightly together and fit in the palm
of your hand."

Again I did as instructed.  The mans nuts slid up into the palm of my hand. 
They were warm and I could feel a slight pulsing.   They felt so good, I wanted
to bend down and start licking and sucking on them.  Larry had other ideas.

"Now slowly close your fingers around them, squeezing tighter and tighter.   You
must do it under complete control so the pain builds gradually.   Listen to
first his moans, then his little cries as it starts to hurt, then his begging
when it is hurting a lot, then his fucking screams as it feels like you are
tearing his nuts off."  as he told me all this the excitement in him kept
building and his voice got louder and louder.

The man's nuts felt so good as I closed my hand.  Oh why oh why did I have to
hurt them?   I knew why of course, because Charlie said so.

He gave a little gasp when my squeezing started to get a bit tight.   What
surprised me was I knew just before he gave that gasp that he was going to. 
Then the cries began.   Short ones, not a lot of volume either.   Then some
intakes of breath and the duration of the cries got longer and shriller.

A few seconds later he was screaming in agony.   My fist had closed tight on his
nuts.  I could feel them in my palm pulled tightly together, much like a couple
of small rubber balls.

"Come on Dink, squeeze fucking harder, make this puke scream.   He's just
laughing right now.   I want fucking screams."  Larry growled in my ear.

I squeezed harder, the man screamed louder and longer.   It finally reached a
point where he would gasp in air and scream one long steady scream until the air
was used up, take another gasp and scream again.  

Tears were falling down my cheeks I felt  so sorry for the man, I wanted to
stop, but couldn't.  I did not want to end up in his position.   He and his
buddies had brought it on themselves, I kept telling myself, trying to ease my
conscience.

"Ok, you have a nice scream going there, Dink, now lets really make it hurt,
pull down roughly and twist to the left and right quickly while you do it.   You
will hear an immediate difference in his screams, the volume will increase
tremendously."  Larry instructed.

Again I complied with the order.   The poor bastard screamed from the depths of
his soul, but Larry wouldn't let me stop.   I pulled and twisted those poor nuts
20 times by my count before Larry  finally let me release them.   The poor
bugger kept howling for quite a few minutes after I had let go.  

I knew what he was going through, hadn't I gone through something similar last
night, and would have to go through again to night.   And my crime was not even
one tenth as bad as theirs had been.

"You know how to do it now Dink, so your on your own with Pussyhole.  Don't take
any short cuts.  Do it exactly the same way you did the Asslicker.  Remember the
consequences.   Pete and I will watch from back here.   If you do not do it
exactly the same way or worse, we will string you up and Pete and I will both do
it to you one at a time.  Now go do it." 

I approached the guy and could see him trying to get away from me even though he
was chained spread eagle and there was no way out.   He had watched and heard
his two buddies go through this and knew what to expect.   In many ways this
poor bugger was going to get it worse no matter how hard I squeezed.   He had to
go through all that watching and waiting for the horror.

I didn't waste any time.  I wanted this over with as soon as possible.  I
grasped his nuts as Larry had shown me.  Wrapped my thumb and forefinger around
them and pulled down until his nuts were resting in my palm.

Pussyhole had much bigger nuts than Asslicker.   Almost twice as large.  I have
big hands, but his nuts filled them.  I closed my fingers gently at first, then
began to squeeze.  I realized right away I was not going to be able to squeeze
these nuts as well as I had the other guy.  There was no way I wanted to take
his place so I decided  to play it safe.

"Larry, Pete, this guys got big fuckin' nut I can't get the same grip on them I
had with the other prick."

Larry came right over and slapped me playfully on the back.

"I knew you were a real man, Dink, not some fucking wuss.  In this case do his
nuts one at a time.   Use the same procedure only wrap your thumb and forefinger
around one nut and pull down.   This is a better method anyway, it causes twice
as much pain."  Larry said happily.

I did as instructed and before I even got the one nut into the palm of my hand
the guy was crying in pain.  I pulled down tight and closed my hand squeezing
his nut.   His screams were unbelievable.   I didn't know it was possible for a
human voice to make such sounds.  I figured since I was only doing half his nuts
at a time I would only do half the pulls and twists to each nut.   It didn't
seem fair to make him take 20 on each nut.

It didn't matter any way he faded away into that world of blackness on the
second pull and twist of his second nut.

Pete came over and said that would be enough for him.   They both congratulated
me for sticking with it even though I didn't like having to do it.

"You are learning a valuable lesson here Dink.  A slave must always follow the
Master's orders, even when you hate it as much as we know you hate doing this." 
Pete said.

"You will be happy to know Dink that because you obeyed and performed an act
that is inherently against your nature,    you have only one more punishment to
deliver to these asshole.   Although they will see it as a punishment, it really
isn't." Pete informed me.

"For the past week or so, we have been opening their asspussy's, but they are
all still virgins.   We are going to bring them down from the chains and the
three of us are going to take their ass cherries all at the same time."  Larry
said gleefully.

I could see that his cock was still throbbing inside his tight leather pants.  
That made me take a quick look down at Pete's crotch.   He had on the same type
of leather pants and his dick was just as hard as Larry's.

This was the first thing that I had been forced to do since being abducted that
didn't cause my fucking dick to betray me.   He was no happier about torturing
someone than I was.

We let the prisoners down one at a time, and carried them over to a leather
topped table, similar to the one in my cell room.   They each were placed across
the table.  Their wrists were cuffed to a bar that ran along the bottom of the
table on one side and their ankles were shackled on the other.

It was quite a sight to see the three rather bruised, red welted bottoms lying
there side by side, waiting for a cock to be driven deep into their holes.

Pete walked around to the side of the table with the men's heads.   He crouched
down so he could look them in the eye.

"In just a few moments your new lives as male whores will begin.   The three of
us will have the pleasure of taking your ass cherry.  From that moment, your
asshole will cease to be an asshole.   It will become your pussy."

He got up and returned to the back end.  They both stripped down and I removed
my pouch.  As soon as their pants were undone their cocks popped out, throwing a
string of precum into the air.  They had an advantage over me, they were both
hard.   But so far nothing had happened to turn me on.

"Give me your pouch Dink."  Larry said.

I handed it to him.  I didn't see Pete come up behind me. 

"Hands behind your back Dink." Pete ordered and when I did he cuffed them
together.

What the fuck was going on, I wondered.

"Go down to the bar and tell Charlie that we are about to take the cherries of
the assholes."  Pete instructed.  "You will do that by entering the bar and
yelling it out at the top of your lungs.   You will then go to the outside door
and go out to the street.    Walk to the middle of the road and scream out, "My
name is Harold, I am a wussy, dip shit faggot and Charlie should string me up by
my little cherry pit balls."   You will then reenter the bar and yell it out
again.   Then you will come right back here.  Have you got that?" 

I gulped, now why the fuck do I have to do that.   Shit I did what they wanted. 
Why do they always have to make me do humiliating things and to go out onto the
street naked, not dressed as a dog. 

"Yes, Pete." I said, tears forming in my eyes.

"Stop your fucking crying and get out of here."  Larry yelled.

I moved quickly to the door.  I had expected one of them to come and open the
door for me but they didn't.   My hands were free, they were just cuffed behind
my back, so I turned around and opened the door.

I looked out into the hall to make sure no one was there then hurried out.  
Naked as the day I was born I scurried down the hall to make an announcement in
a public bar and the street outside.

When I got to the bar I opened the door and stepped in.   Of course the place
was packed and they all started whistling and everything the moment I stepped in
the room.   At that same moment my fucking cock sprang to attention and saluted
the bastards.  The little prick really liked this shit.

Just what I fucking needed, my cock embarrassing me again.  I knew I had to
carry out the order and do it quickly so I took a deep breath and let her rip.

"Master Charlie, Sir." I yelled out as loud as I could.   "We are about to take
the cherries of the assholes."

My cock was throbbing and precum started to drip in a long silver string.  But I
could do nothing about it and went on with my instructions.

I scurried quickly across the bar, hands reached out, grouping my cock and
slapping at my ass.   All eyes were on me, my heart was beating a mile a minute
and I felt like shit.

I opened the door and went out into the dugout and up the stairs.   The sun was
shining, it was a beautiful day.   Every time I had been up here as Dinky doggie
the street had been empty except for the odd pedestrian passing by.

When I reached the top of the stairs I stopped dead in my tracks.   The fucking
street was crowded with people.   I began shaking and trembling uncontrollably.  
My dick was throbbing more then it had ever throbbed in my life.

I had to go to the middle of that street and make that fucking announcement.  It
was too late to do anything else, I was already outside and to go back in
without making the announcement would be a hundred time worse than anything that
could happen to me out here.

I forced myself to run to the middle of the road and stop.   I was instantly
surrounded by people.  They formed a circle, completely enclosing me.  I almost
pissed myself from the shame and fear that was coursing through me.

"My name is Harold, I am a wussy dip shit faggot and Charlie should string me up
by my little cherry pit balls."   I yelled.

The people, men and women all started laughing at me.   I am sure I turned every
shade of pink that it is possible for the human skin to generate.  I hung my
head in shame and started to head back towards the bar but the crowd seemed to
have no intention of opening up to let me by.

I felt like an animal trapped and cornered with the hunter closing in, and for
good reason they were.

They started moving inwards, laughing and shouting at the naked man that had
just yelled out some insane remarks.  What the fuck was I going to do, what the
fuck were they going to do.   I ran all around the slowly closing circular wall
of people closing in on me, looking for a weak spot or opening.  There was none.

I cried and begged them to let me through but no one paid me the slightest heed. 
They just kept laughing at me and closing in.   I suddenly noticed that any time
I got near someone in the front row, that person moved back a bit.   Almost as
if they were afraid I would touch them.

I had to get off this street for two very good reasons.   The first, Charlie
would be real pissed if I didn't get back in there toots sweet.  The second, I
couldn't stand being out here naked.

I had the incentive to take a chance so I walked towards the front edge and kept
moving forward,  those in front backed up as I advanced.   It was slow going but
eventually they parted just above the steps and I scooted down and into the bar.  
I could hear the crowd cheering and laughing as I closed the door.

I went quickly to the centre of the room.  Charlie's table was almost directly
in front of me.  He was looking at me with a little smile on his face.  
Bastard, I thought. 

"My name is Harold, I am a wussy dip shit faggot and Charlie should string me up
by my little cherry pit balls." I yelled out again, hoping beyond hope that he
didn't actually carry that out.

I then got myself back to the Training room as quickly as I could.   My cock was
throbbing like mad and precum was dribbling all over the fucking place.

Pete met me inside the door and removed the handcuffs.

"Well that seemed to have worked."  he said.

"What worked, Pete?" I asked in confusion and still shaking from my ordeal.

"Sending you down to the bar naked.   You now have yourself a nice raging hard
on.   Charlie said it would work if you didn't get it up working on these guys." 
and he began to laugh.

I realized that he was right.  For just a second I was angry with him, but then
realized it wasn't him, it was Charlie.  So I did the only sensible thing  and
laughed along with him as we made our way to the three virgin asses waiting to
be de cherried.

As I had been the aggrieved party, the guys graciously gave me the first choice. 
Without hesitation I chose the ringleader, I may not get to give him the pain
that he caused me, but I would take his dignity in its place.

I had no intention of giving  the bastard any preparation time.

"Ok whore," I said, placing my throbbing dick up against his virgin hole.  "Her
comes your first dick." and I shoved with all my might, ramming my cock all the
way into his virgin hole.  

He let out a scream of pain.   I didn't give a fuck. I pulled all the way out
and rammed in again.  The insides of his hot pussy felt good as my throbbing
cock slid in and out of his warmth.  

I am natural bottom and don't much like being a top.  But this was a revenge
fuck and I didn't intend on stopping until I blew my load up his ass.  His cries
of pain had now changed to sobs.   I was doing my very best to make sure he
didn't get any pleasure from this at all.

However I hit his prostate a few times and he began to get into it, giving
little moans of pleasure.   For some reason this really pissed me off.   I
forced my hand down between his legs and gave his nuts a tight squeeze.  He
squealed in pain and I was happy again.

I humped away, driving hard, for a good ten minutes before I felt that familiar
tingling in my nuts, telling me they were about to explode.   I picked up the
pace and saw those beautiful stars as my seed shot deep into the pricks bowels.

"There you go you mother fucking shit head." I yelled out.  "Take my cum up your
butt.   The first of many, bitch.   Take it. Take it."  and then I gave a scream
of my own.

I had forgotten about my sore fucking urethra.   My cum was like liquid fire
shooting down that raw tube.   It was a strange mixture of pleasure and pain.  
Being in the throes of climax most likely made the pain more bearable.

All my frustrations of the last few weeks were emptying into this man who
symbolized for me, all that was wrong in the world.   When my nuts were finally
empty, I had to hold still for a few minutes to let the pain in my urethra fade
away.  I then pulled my cock out of his new asspussy.   It was covered with shit
and some specs of blood.

I quickly walked around to the other side of the table, grabbed him by the hair
and lifted his head up.

"Open your fucking mouth cunt.  My cock needs cleaning." I ordered.

He kept his mouth firmly closed.  He didn't want anything to do with the
disgusting mess stuck to it.   I was high enough to force the issue.   I brought
my free hand up and placed my thumb over one of his eye's.

"Open your mouth and clean me up or in ten seconds you will be blind, prick."  I
said pressing my thumb into the eye.

He must have believed me capable, because his mouth flew open.  I didn't
hesitate for a second, I rammed it in.  The smell must have got him because he
started gagging.

"Fuck off with the gagging nonsense," I yelled at him.   "Eat the fucking shit
off my cock and make sure you swallow every fucking sickening piece, you good
for nothing piece of shit."

He realize I was almost out of control and that he had better do everything he
could to appease.

I watched fascinated as he actually cleaned all that disgusting crap off my cock
and swallowed it.   He gagged a few times in the process, but he got it all
down.  By then my cock was throbbing again it went from a clean up job to a
blowjob.   At this point my lust had taken over again and the pain of
ejaculation was forgotten for the moment.

It was at just about this point that I looked up and saw Pete and Larry staring
at me.   It was a look of respect.  They both smiled when I looked up.

"Make the faggot bitch suck that cock, Harold.   Cum in the bitch's mouth and
make him swallow it all."  Larry said happily as he humped the ass of his
victim.

"Fuckin' A." I responded in my sudden lust.

I much prefer to have my dick sucked to pushing it in an asspussy, so it didn't
take very long before I shot my wad into the fuckers hot mouth.   There was pain
again, surprisingly much less so then the first time.  He swallowed most of my
cum, but a bit dripped onto the floor.

"You fucking piece of shit."  I yelled at him.  "I told you to swallow it all,
now you've made a fucking mess all over the fucking floor. Well I know how to
fix fuckups like you prick."

"Are there bowls in that cupboard over there?" I asked the guys.

Pete said yes so I hurried over and found what I was looking for, I also found a
big spoon.   As well there was a box of nasal tissues, which gave me an idea.  
I pulled out a few and  hurried back to Pigface.

I placed the bowl and spoon down, took a tissue and wiped up the dribbled cum. 
I grabbed Pigface by the hair and pulled his head back. 

"Open your cocksucker, pig." I demanded.

This time he complied right away.   The moment he opened it I jammed the cum
soaked tissues in his mouth.

"Eat up the fucking mess you made, pig." I demanded.

With no other alternative available to him he started chewing.  I bent down,
picked up the bowl and spoon and went around to his back end.   I placed the
bowl up against his pussy hole and demanded that he shit.

He pushed and soon my cum came squirting out along with some little bits of shit
and mucus.   I used the spoon to clean around his new pussy, to make sure I got
it all.

Back around front I went.   Pete and Larry now knew what I was about to do and
heartily endorsed this by yelling out encouragement.

"Way to go Harold." from Pete.

"Feeding time down at the farm." from Larry.

And more insane stuff like that.   I really wasn't paying all that close
attention.   I had discovered, power.   I had the power to do just about
anything I wanted to Pigface.   He was mine.

 "Look at all the nice stuff that was up your pussy, Pigface." I said evilly. 
"Time to pay for failing to obey orders.  Next time you are told to swallow it
all you fucking well better swallow it all."  I taunted him.
 
I dipped the spoon into the shit mixed goop and came out with a spoonful which I
pushed into his mouth.   Big tears formed in his eyes and rolled down his
cheeks, but I had no mercy for this bastard.  I made him eat every last drop of
the crap I had collected in that bow.

By this time Pete and Larry had finally blown their loads.   They went around
and made the guys clean up their cocks.

I went around behind with the bowl and collected the goop, then had a great time
feeding it to Pigface.  I never realized that I was capable of such an act of
cruelty, but this guy and his buddies had really hurt me and I wanted revenge.

Pete, Larry and I had a quick wash-up at the sink then got dressed and headed to
the bar, leaving the poor bastards bound to the table.

Back in the bar we all sat at the table with Charlie and the guys told him all
about what had happened.   As they went on and on about how good a job I had
done, Charlie's smile got bigger and bigger.

"Well Dink, I guess you have earned a reward.  You can have your name back. 
From now on we will all call you Harold." he said proudly.

Whoopee shit, I thought.  I got my name back.   I would much rather have my
life, but I guess I had to take things one step at a time.

"Thank you Sir.  I really do appreciate your kindness, Sir." I said.

"Your quite welcome Harold.   I also have another reward for you.   I still want
your nut sack stretched, but it will be done by a different method then the one
Larry uses.   Therefore Pete will take over that chore starting tonight." he
said, placing a hand over mine.

That was indeed a reward.   I sure hadn't  been looking forward to tonight.  It
was time to build some more points.   I really hate brown nosing, but.......

"Thank you, Sir.   I know I don't really deserve such consideration after all my
fuck ups yesterday, Sir.  I do appreciate your kindness, Sir."  I humbled
myself.

"Quite alright Harold.  Now lets have a nice dinner." he said.

"Harry."  he yelled.  "Bring on the chow."

The chow was a steak dinner exactly the same as the one we had that first day I
was here.  This time though, I was given a set of cutlery and was able to enjoy
Harry's culinary skills.   The dinner was delicious.   Charlie even had Harry
bring me a coke to drink instead of beer.

When dinner was finished, Charlie gave me permission to go back to the cell
room.   Pat and Pete said they would join me in about an hour.   I rose from the
table, remembering to thank Charlie for the great dinner.  Then headed back to
the cell room.

It was into the shower right away to wash away the afternoons collections of
sweat.  All and all I reflected, as the hot water beat down,  it really had not
been a bad day after all.   The only really bad parts had first being forced to
eat that garbage and sour milk at lunch.   The second had been having to go out
into the street naked, but I had survived the day and had no new pains.

After toweling down good I went and lay down on my cot.   I soon fell into a lie
doze and didn't hear Pat and Pete arrive.    A kiss on the forehead from Pat
brought me back into the real world.

"Wake up sleepy head, the evening awaits."  Pat said jovially.

I sat up, rubbing my eyes.

"I must have been a lot more tired then I had thought." I said yawning and
stretching.

"Well come on get yourself over to the table, Pete has some work to do." Pat
said.

Ya Pete, I thought, all I could do was hope that he would not put me through the
pain that Larry had.

I made my way over to the table and jumped up, sitting with my legs dangling
over the edge.

"Ok, Harold, first off there is no way to stretch you sac without causing some
pain or discomfort.   My method is much less drastic than Larry's and therefore
much less painful." he stated.

"You don't have to worry about 50 pound weights being dropped by that fucking
machine of his."

That made me feel better right away.

"However stretching still involves weights.    I am going to start you with a
one pound.   You will have to wear it for the full four hours this evening.   It
will be uncomfortable and it may even be painful, but it doesn't come off and it
must hang down the whole time."

"Well it has got to be a thousand times better than a twenty pound weight
bouncing for hours on end."  I said.

"Yes, it will me much better than that, however,  you will not be bound and you
may get the desire to reach down and pull up on the weight to relieve the
pressure for a few seconds.   That Harold is a no, no.   You do that and I am
required to automatically add four more hours onto the current session."

"Four extra hours, just because I shift the weight around?" I asked in
consternation.

"That's right.   My advice is keep your hands completely away from your groin.   
You will be monitored at all times while wearing the weight.  If in the opinion
of the monitor you have attempted to relieve the pressure, the four hours will
be added.  Do you understand?"  he asked.

"Yes, I will try to keep my hands in plain view and away from the jewels." I
answered

He brought out a little leather jacket similar to the one that Larry had used.

"This one is almost the same as the one you wore last night, the difference is
the number of straps that attach to the weights.    This one has four, it
spreads the pull of the weights much more evenly around your balls.   You will
find this much more comfortable then the two strap version you wore last night.  
As we increase the weight, we will also increase the number of straps.   The
four will be good until we get up to twenty pounds."

He then placed the little jacket onto my nuts and fastened it so it was snug.  
He then attached the one pound weight, it hung between a half and an inch below
my nuts.   As Pete had warned it was uncomfortable.   My nuts were still sore
from last night, however I would be able to manage.

"Now up you get and walk around a bit.  You will have to get used to carrying
the weights around.   There will be times when you will have to wear them while
working."  Pete instructed.

"What!" I exclaimed in surprise.

"You can bet your booties that there will be times that Charlie is going to want
you to work the bar or do some other job in the evenings.   He has already said
the  stretching was to take place in the evenings, so it is quite possible, in
fact more than likely that you will have to wear the weights while working."

"Oh shit just what I need."  I complained getting off the table carefully.

It really wasn't too bad at all.  The hardest thing to get used too would be the
banging of the weights against my legs.   I didn't like that at all, there
wasn't any pain, it just didn't feel good.

"Well, how does it feel?" Pete asked.

"As you said, uncomfortable, but I can manage."  I replied.

"If you decide  you don't like it, you could always go and ask Charlie to let
Larry use his machine again."  Pat piped in.

"Oh yes, I am sure I would do that, not." I laughed.

They had me walk around the room a few more times with them both giving little
bits of advice on how to avoid the little snaps of pain I kept getting.   Within
a very short while I had mastered the technique and could walk quite well.

"Ok, Harold, we have a little surprise for you.   Charlie has decided that you
deserve another reward."  Pat said with a smile.

"I do?   What for?"  I asked.

"Don't ask questions, just take the rewards and be thankful." Pete warned.

"Sorry." I replied meekly.

"No probs, it takes time to learn everything Harold."  Pat said.   "Now for the
surprise,  were going to watch a couple of movies."

I perked right up at that.   I had not had any form of entertainment, except for
a couple of books that Pat had brought me, since my arrival.   A movie sounded
fantastic.

"Afraid you will have to stand the whole time though.   The seats in the theatre
were not designed for someone wearing a ball stretching weight."  Pete warned.

"Hey I can handle that.   A movie, huh, a real down to earth fucking movie, wow.  
I promise I won't touch my nuts either.  Oh yeah..... when do we go."   I was so
excited, I felt like a little kid going to the movies for the first time without
his parents.

They both laughed at my childish glee and told me to calm down.   We had a half
hour to kill before we could leave, so I practiced my walking.

The first movie was Spartacus followed by a gay porn flic,  A Slave is Born. 
Spartacus of course is an old epic, which I have seen a number of times and
love.  A Slave is Born on the other hand, was almost a complete reenactment of
what had happened to me so far, plus a whole bunch of things that
hadn't........yet.

I was particularly upset by what the dogs did to the poor slave when he was
taken on his first outing, away from his Master's dungeon.   I just shook my
head and prayed that nothing like that ever happened to me.  Of course you
should know about me and prayers by now.

When we arrived back in the cell room, Pete announced that I still had ten
minutes to go and then the weight could be removed.   Then Pat gave me some news
that sent chills up my back.

"You won't be going into Dinky doggie mode first thing in the morning, Harold. 
So once you are showered and shaved, put on your boots, pouch and muscle straps,
then head down to the bar.   You will be going on the special job Charlie has
mentioned, tomorrow afternoon.   After breakfast you will be helping Harry in
the Kitchen for the morning."

"Ok." I said, knowing better than to ask questions for which I would not receive
any answers.

I was wondering what the hell the special job could be, then the movie came back
to mind, and I started to worry.

Pete finally announced that it was time to remove the weight.   He bent down and
quickly detached the weight, then the little leather jacket.   It was a relief
to get the fucking thing off, but at least my nuts weren't throbbing.   Life was
looking up.

Pete said good night and left.   Pat wrapped me in his arms, gave me a long
passionate kiss then said his good nights and was gone.  

I made my way to my cot and lay down.  I closed my eyes and visions of big, mean
dogs filled my head.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 11

The Job

I awoke early, had my shower and shave then dressed in that ridiculous, skimpy
outfit and headed to the bar for breakfast.  Charlie and Pat were at the table
talking and drinking coffee.  I made my way over and stood silently beside
Charlie, waiting for acknowledgement of my presence.

"Good morning Harold,  sit down, boy, Harry will have your breakfast ready in a
moment." Charlie greeted.

I bid him good morning and sat down on his left, where I had always sat before. 
A few moments later Harry came shuffling out of the kitchen with a plate in one
hand and a cup of coffee in the other.   He set both down in front of me, then
reached in his apron pocket and placed a set of utensils, wrapped in a paper
napkin, beside the plate.   Without a word he turned and headed back to the
kitchen.

I ate my breakfast in silence, listening to Charlie and Pat discuss business.  
Apparently Charlie owned some very big, important companies.   It would appear
from the conversation, that he had people that ran those businesses for him.   
The whole thing didn't make a lot of sense to me so I just tuned it out.

I had just finished my last bit of toast and was sipping the coffee, when
Charlie turned his attention to me.

"Going to put you in the kitchen with Harry for the morning Harold.   You can
help him out and also do some table waiting.   Finish your coffee then off you
go, take your dirty dishes with you." he instructed then turned back to Pat, not
even waiting for me to reply.

I drank the coffee as quick as I could, picked up the dirty dishes, wiped the
table with the napkin and hurried off to the kitchen.

There was no sign of Harry, so I went straight to the dishwasher with the
dishes.   There was a pile on the side waiting to be loaded.  I opened it,
removed the clean, then filled it with the dirty.

Harry came in just as I was loading the last of the pile in.

"Guess I got me a helper for the day." he said quietly.

"Yes Harry, Charlie said I will be here for the morning and I was to help you
here and to serve tables."

"Could use the help, it's gonna be a busy day.   Thanks for changing the
dishwasher load, it's nice to have someone to help that can see what needs doin'
and does it."

"It's the way I was brought up Harry, now anything special you want me to do?" 

"The potatoes and carrots can go in the automatic peeler, but I need about 2
dozen onions and they have to be done by hand,  you can start with those."

He took me to the veggie room and showed me where everything was.  I went right
to work and within about 60 seconds flat I was crying my eyes out as I peeled. 
It seems all I ever do around here is cry, at least this time there was no pain
involved.

The morning moved along quickly and so far had been totally uneventful, nothing
happened.  Not one single embarrassment.   Oh, I got the occasional slap on the
ass and a few snide remarks, but that was it.

Harry and I worked well together.  For the most part he never had to ask me to
do anything.   I just seemed to sense what he wanted and did it.   The only time
he really had to ask was when he needed me to go out and do the tables.

"Harold." I heard Charlie yell about mid morning.

I was up to my elbows in soap suds, busy washing some pots.   I grabbed a
kitchen towel and quickly dried my hands and arms.

"Be right there, Sir." I yelled.

Then hurried out to the table and again stood silently waiting for instructions.

"Sit down Harold," he instructed.

Pat, Pete and Larry were sitting at the table and watched as I pulled out the
chair and sat down.    Having them looking at me like that set my nerves on edge
and I figured something terrible was coming.   I knew the day so far had been
too good to be true.

"You have been doing very good on your training, Harold.    I am fairly certain
though that you still harbor a belief that one day you will be going back to the
life I took from you."  he said.

Oh, how true, how true Charlie and the sooner the better, I thought.

"Well you can forget it Harold.   You will never be a free man again.  You are a
slave, my personal property.   I own you and will do with you whatever I wish." 

My heart fell, he was serious.   He was going to keep me locked up forever.  My
disappointment must have shown.

"Oh why the long face, Harold?   Believe it or not a day is coming when you will
not want to leave.   Your only desire will be to serve your Master."

He must have thought me a real fool if he really believed any of what he had
just said.   The day would never come when I would want to serve him or any
other Master.   I wanted to be a free man and nothing he could ever do or say
would change that.

"Did you enjoy the movie last night, Harold?" he asked changing the subject.

"Yes Sir.   Spartacus is one of my all time favorite classics." I answered.

"Now I wonder why that would be, Harold.  A quiet, peaceful guy like you.  I
would have thought, Lassie Come Home or maybe ET would be among your favorites?"
Charlie questioned.

"I don't know Sir, I guess I like the action and felt sympathy for Spartacus. 
But I do like the other two as well, Sir." I answered.

"Mmmm I wonder if it had anything to do with the slavery."  he added, then
changed the subject again.

"I have a job for you.   One much more suited to your talents then washing
fucking pots and pans like some fucking coolly."

My heart skipped a beat at this.  A job.  Not washing pots and pans.   My
interest was sparked but also the warning bells started ringing.   I did not
trust Master Charlie as far as I could throw him and I didn't think I could
throw him at all.

As well, that second movie last night, A Slave Is Born, had troubled my sleep
all night.  The first part of that movie had practically been a screen version
of everything that had happened to me here so far, in exactly that order.

It was the other things, like the main character being taken on an outing the
day after being forced to beat some badly behaved slaves.   That outing was hell
for the movie hero.

"It is time you started to earn your keep." Charlie said, interrupting my
thoughts.

"Pat will get you ready and fill you in on your duties." he paused for a moment.

"Harold, do not fail me." his voice was very hard.

Pat got up and I figured Charlie was finished with me and that Pat's standing
was a cue for me to do like wise.  I also remembered my manners even though I
was scared again.

"Thank you Sir, for having confidence in my ability to do this job for you.   I
will do my very best, Sir." I said.

"I know you will Harold, I know you will." he answered and then Pat and I headed
for the door.

We didn't speak until we were well down the hall way.

"What is this job, Pat?" I asked.

"I'll explain it when we get into the cell room.    I want you to fully
understand what I tell you so it is best we are sitting down with nothing else
on our minds." he said.

"Ok, Pat." I answered.

When we entered the cell room I asked him if he wanted a coke and he said yes. 
I grabbed two from the fridge and went over to the small table and we both sat
down.   We opened the cokes and I took two long swallows.

"Now about the job, Harold.  You may not like what you are going to have to do."
he said looking deep into my eyes.

My guard went up.   I knew it.  There was no way Charlie was going to give me
something that was easy.

"The other night one of the guests was really taken with how you handled
yourself in your role as Dinky dog.   He is a Master and owns three slaves.   He
has asked Charlie if he can borrow you for a few hours this afternoon so that
you can demonstrate how a proper slave doggie behaves."  he stopped to watch my
reaction.

So far it did not sound bad, not exactly something I would jump up and down with
joy over, but it didn't sound bad either.

"The catch?" I asked.

"No catch, Harold.   That is all you have to do, be Dinky doggie for a couple of
hours.  The Master will pay Charlie $1000.00 dollars per hour for your
services." he stopped again.

My mouth fell open at the mention of the amount.   Fucking Charlie was going to
make a couple of grand from me going out and making a fool of myself playing at
being a fucking dog.

"$1000.00 per hour." I managed to gasp out.

"Yes, and your account will be credited with half of whatever the final total
is." he added.

"Half, my account?  What account?"  I blurted out in confusion.

"Ah, you see Harold, Charlie may be a stern, strict Master, but he is also very,
very fair.   He has opened an account for you in his own trust company.   This
is a special account that always pays 2% above the going interest rate on funds
held.   The rate is also compounded monthly."

I just sat there with my mouth hanging open.  Dumfounded by what he was telling
me.

"You see Harold the day may come when it will be necessary for us to leave
Charlie's protection for one reason or another, I won't speculate on that at the
moment.   Charlie wants to be sure that when or if that day comes, each of his
slaves will have the necessary financial resources to be independently wealthy."

I continued to listen silently in fascination to what Pat was saying.

"Every time you do a job for Charlie, he will deposit half of whatever you make
into your account.   The other half he keeps to help defray the expenses of
running this place.    We all live here so we all are responsible for earning
the funds that keep it going."

I couldn't see why I should have to earn the funds that kept the fucking place
running.  I didn't want to be here, the whole fucking thing could be blown to
hell for all I cared.

"Now as to this afternoon.   We will leave right after lunch.  It is now 11 am,
I wonder what the hell we can do to fill in the hour till lunch time?"  he said
with a sly smile on his face.

"Well I suppose if you were any kind of man at all, you could rape me." I said
with a sly grin.

He did.

Then I raped him.

After lunch Pat got out the box with the doggie stuff.

"Ok Harold up on the table and I'll get you ready."  he said.

"You mean I have to get into the gear now before we go?"  I asked.

"Afraid so Harold, and you will have to adopt doggie mode from the moment the
outfit goes on.   That is a hard and fast rule around here.   So don't forget
it, ok?"  he instructed.

"Ya, ok." I answered reluctantly.

As he got me ready he talked.

"It is very important Harold that you act like a dog as completely as you
possibly can.   If this Master is happy with what you do for him, he will give
recommendations and get you more doggie work."  he said.

"And I want more doggie work?" I questioned.

"Of course you do, Harold.   Hell the pay is fantastic and you don't have to do
shit but act like a fucking dog for a few hours.   Beats some of the other jobs
that are going to come along."

"Other jobs?"  I asked curiously.

"Look forget other jobs right now, concentrate on this one.   If you really
throw yourself into it you can have a hell of a lot of fun.   Be a fucking dog
Harold, and enjoy it."

"Ok Pat.  I trust you, if you say it will be a piece of cake, then it will be.  
I will be the best fucking dog I can and I will try to have fun with it." I
said.

"That's the spirit.  Now I am going to put the eye piece on so you must now
become Dinky dog."

He placed the eye piece, then went behind me and shoved in the tail.   It felt
strange being back in the dog outfit.

"Now be a good doggie Dinky and stay right there.   I'm going to get one of the
guys to help me get you down to the floor."  he said as he walked to the door
and stepped out.

He was back a few moments later with Pete.   They lifted me to the floor and Pat
attached the leash.

Pete wished me success and went back to whatever it was he had been doing. 
Torturing still torturing those poor bastards I supposed.

Pat led me to the door and out into the hall.  Instead of heading down to the
bar we went the other way.   When we got to the kennel door he opened it and we
went in.

Just inside the room there was a cart and on the cart was a cage, similar to the
one I had been tortured in earlier.  A ramp led from the floor up to the open
door of the cage.

"Up and into the cage, Dinky, that's a good boy." Pat said.

I gave a whine to let Pat know I was afraid of the cage.    After what had
happened to me last time I was locked in one of these fucking things it just
scared hell out of me.

"Hey, it's ok Dinky it won't be anything like last time.    You will only be in
it for a short time, 30 minutes maximum.   Now up you go." Pat was reassuring
but firm.

It was difficult to see with the fucking eye pieces.  I had to turn my head to
one side and close the eye on the side opposite the one I wanted to see out of.

I made my way up the ramp carefully.  At the top I went straight into the cage.  
It wasn't much bigger than the other one had been.   It was higher though and it
had a nice padded bottom.

Once I was in Pat had me sit down.   The cage was high enough that I would be
able to sit upright.  It was a little bit awkward getting down because of the
padding on the floor, but together we managed.   

My bound legs were spread and my ass was resting on my feet and ankles.    My
dick hung out and down, I couldn't see this but could feel it.   I felt terribly
exposed.

Pat closed the cage door which was behind me and I heard a padlock snap shut.  
Well I thought it is a lot more comfortable then the last cage I was in.  Man do
I ever have a penchant for thinking the wrong things.

Next Pat attached a short chain to my neck collar and fastened it to a bar in
the door right behind my head.   I only had about two or three inches of forward
movement.

I wanted desperately to ask Pat what the hell was going on, but didn't dare.  
He had been very emphatic about not speaking any human words while in doggie
mode.   I knew how severe punishments could be and just didn't want anymore
aggravations so cooperated.

Next Pat had me lift my front paw/legs up high, just like a doggie begging.  
Once they were up he quickly shove 3 long iron bars through the cage and under
my  paw/legs and locked them into that position.   One just back of my elbows, 
one about 6 inches in front of that and another 6 inches in front of that. My
paw/legs then rested on these, I could not lower my paw/legs.

My warning buzzers were ringing like mad.   Something fucking awful was coming,
I just knew it.   Otherwise, why all this shit.   My imagination started running
wild.   My biggest fear was that they were going to wheel me into a room full of
people like this, so everyone could see my fucking cock.   At that thought the
fucking thing rose right up and stood at attention.

"Oh that is quite the boner ya got there, Dinky."  Pat said with a bit of a
giggle.  

All I could do was give a little whine to let him know I was not a happy camper. 
He didn't pay me the slightest attention and I heard him removing the ramp.  I
tried to turn my head to see, but it was impossible.

He pushed me over to the door, opened it and pushed me out into the hall.   Oh
great, he's pushing me down the hall all bound up like this, my fucking cock
waving merrily in the breeze as we move along at a fair clip. 

A door opened up ahead a some young men piled out into the hall laughing.   They
stopped dead in their tracks when they spied us approaching.  Then really began
to laugh as my fucking cock gave each and everyone of then a big wave.  I wanted
to curl up and die. 

We continued on down the hall, it seemed to go on forever.  I had never been
down this far before, and was amazed by all the doors leading off.   I was also
very curious about what could be behind those doors.  Especially as every once
in a while a door would open ahead and a gorgeous young men would walk out and
smile at me as he passed by.

We passed dozens of those doors before we finally came to a set of large double
doors.  Pat flicked a finger against a button on the wall and the doors slid
silently open.   He pushed me into a brightly lit room.

The doors closed as soon as we were in.  

"Hi Pat.  Oh wow look at the size of the dick.  Fucking dogs got the biggest
dick I ever saw?" I heard a voice say.

Would this shit never end?

"Hi Jake, taking Dinky dog out on a job.  Will need the dog van." Pat said
cheerfully.

"Sure no problem, just give me a moment and I'll have it at the loading dock for
ya.  Maybe you should help that poor mutt with his problem" Jake answered and
giggled as he walked away.

Pat gave a little laugh and began to push me across the room.    There was a big
service door and it opened when Pat pushed a button or something on the wall.

As the door opened I could feel the warmth of a beautiful summer day enter the
dock area.   The air smelt clean and fresh, after being in this building so
long.

Once the door was fully open, Pat pushed me outside.   Oh fuck, we were outside
on what looked like a long loading dock, that took up the whole side of the
building.   A couple of trucks passed by and the fucking driver's yelled obscene
things and honked their horns.   I was facing out so anyone passing could see
me.   I really want to curl up and die.

A few moments later I heard another vehicle approaching and looked around.  It
was a large white van with a yellow cross on the side with the words, Charlie's
Animal Hospital and under that, Animal Ambulance.  I just shook my head in
disbelief.

Jake and Pat opened the back doors and pushed me in so I was facing out the
back.   They secured the cart so it would not move in transit, then closed the
doors.   The back doors had large windows and I could see out with no problems
as long as I kept the seeing eye facing the door and the other eye closed.  I
felt much better once those doors were closed.

After we pulled out onto the street I had a great view of the road we had
traveled.   We hadn't gone very far before I realized that windows were not
tinted to prevent anyone travelling behind looking in.  The windows were very
large.  Larger than the cage and the cage was very close to the glass.   Shit, I
was on full public view as we drove through the streets of downtown Toronto.  

My dick was so happy with this situation that it was jumping up and down
joyfully.   I was sweating bullets and crying tears of frustration.

It was a fucking terrible trip.  Vehicles would get behind us and  the driver or
passenger would see me then the driver would pull up close and they would laugh
and point.   I was totally mortified.

The truck finally stopped on a quiet looking street that had lots of trees.  Pat
came around the back and opened the doors.   Shit I thought, he isn't going to
take me out onto a public street in this cage.

He did.

I whined and whined.

He paid no attention.

But it gets worse.  Once he had the cart off the truck, he put the ramp on the
cart and unlocked the cage door.  Nooooo I wanted to scream out loud, but my
training held me back.   He was going to remove me from the cage and make me
walk from the truck up to the Master's house. 

But it was even worse.

He got me out of the cage and down to the ground.   He walked a short ways away
from the truck.   There was a tree nearby and a large metal spike with a ring on
the end sticking out of the ground.  He tied the end of the leash to the ring,
then went back and put the cage back into the truck and closed the doors.

"Now you be a good doggie Dinky and make sure you have a pee before you go into
the Master's house.   This is very important Dink.  Use that tree there."  he
then turned and walked up the walkway to the house leaving me beside the road,
alone, confused and scared out of my wits.

I was mortified.   Out in fucking public again, tied to a ring in the ground,
naked.  Had to pee against tree.   How many years in jail or a mental hospital
would they give me for all the laws I was breaking.

My legs were shaking like crazy, my fucking dick was still standing straight out
and dancing around like it was a 4th of July party.   The cocksucker was
enjoying my predicament.  I looked around but couldn't see anyone.

My legs were shaking so bad it was all I could do to make it to the tree.   I
looked up at the house and figured they were looking out the window, waiting for
me to have that piss.   I had no choice so I lifted my leg and let it go.

And wouldn't you know it........

"Oh look at the big dog pissing against the tree Margaret, has he ever got a big
dick" a young voice said loudly.

I nearly shit myself.  I turned my head in the direction of the sound and saw
two young people, a boy and a girl, both about 17 or 18 years old, watching me.

The fact that I was a man didn't seem to bother them in the least.   The boy's
comment about the size of my dick, made me drop my leg instantly.

The boy came over towards me.   Oh shit my heart was pounding so bad I thought
it was going to burst.   Any second now the stupid fuck was going to realize
that I was a man and start calling for the cops.

Instead, he came over and placed a hand on my head and began scratching me
behind the ear.

"What a beautiful dog you are, boy.  Hey, Margaret come on over and pet him he
is friendly."  the boy said.

Oh please Margaret don't come near me, he is lying, my mind was yelling.  When
you get here your going to see a man and start screaming your lungs out.  Please
go away Margaret, I prayed silently.

But as usual with my prayers lately, they weren't answered.  Margaret started
over.   The boy kept scratching me behind the ear, which I hated and talking to
me.

"Your one great looking dog boy, do you live around here?" he asked.

My fucking training kicked in and I answered him.

"Rrrrough, rrrrough."  (no)

"Look at that Margaret, I asked him a question and he answered me." the boy
said, pleased that I would answer.

But how the fuck did he know what the two barks meant?

"Oh he is a good looking dog, Jamie."  she said as she place a hand on my head.

What the fuck was going on here?   She should be running down the street
screaming her pretty little lungs out.

The boy grabbed my collar and bent down.

"Look at the size of his fucking cock, Margaret.   This is one horny dog." he
said with a smile.

I was about ready to throw up my guts now.  The kid started masturbating me. 
Out here on a public fucking street, I'm dressed partially like a dog and being
masturbated by a fucking kid, while his girl friend looks on.

"How would you like to feel a cock this big up your twat, Margaret.   Bet this
dog could make you squeal louder than I do." he laughed.

She bent down beside him.

"Move your fucking hand Jamie so I can feel it too." she said in an irritated
voice.

"Oh your right, Jamie,  this is a beautiful cock.  I would love to feel this in
me.   Wonder what it tastes like.   I ain't never sucked a dog cock before." 
she said.

"Well bend down and give it a go.  This fucking dog is so hot he sure as hell
won't refuse you."  Jamie said.

The girl got down and took my throbbing dick in her warm, wet mouth.   I let out
an involuntary moan.    My dick had been throbbing almost from the moment we had
left the room where Pat had put me in the cage.

The boy got up on his knees and I heard a zipper being pulled.

"Ok dog, my girl is sucking your cock, you do mine." he ordered as he pushed it
up to my face.  

It wasn't very big, only about 5 inches long and an inch in circumference.  His
balls weren't very big either and hardly hung down at all.  But it smelt and
tasted fantastic.   I forgot all about where I was and what was happening.  All
that mattered was that cock in my mouth and the other mouth wrapped around my
cock.

The boy got very excited, very quickly and started shooting his load.  He wasn't
shooting much with each shot so I managed to swallow with no problems.  When he
finished I just kept sucking gently on his still hard dick and soon it began to
throb again.

The girl was doing a fair job my dick, but she didn't have much experience.  
Her teeth would scrape painfully across my swollen purple head, causing me to
jerk.  I tried face fucking her, but she would pull back, not letting more than
the head into her warm mouth.    I wanted to feel her hot lips along the shaft
as well, but that wasn't to be.

This little bitch was going to suck it her way and that was that.   It didn't
matter whether I liked it or not.  Because of her poor technique it was taking
her a long time to get me to the point of release.

Finally she brought her fingers up and started playing with my nuts and
fingering around the wire tail piece sticking out of my ass.  I began gasping
and moaning loudly and could feel my nut lifting getting ready to shoot, when
the little bitch pulled off.   Just, fucking stopped.

"Oh no you don't you dirty doggie, you ain't putting none of that shit in my
mouth."  she said sternly, getting up from the ground.

"Let's go Jamie." she said.

The bitch was going to leave me like this, I started whining unmercifully.   I
cried and cried, louder and louder.

She turned and came back.

"Ok, ok stop your fucking crying, dog." she said crossly.  

She bent down grabbed my cock and gave it a few good wanks to start me shooting.  
She laughed gleefully as my cum shot out between my front legs and landed on
Jamie's running shoes.

"Sonofabitch." he swore.

"The fucking dog came all over my fucking runners.   You better get your fucking
mouth down there and lick them clean dog or I'll make you fucking pay."  he
yelled angrily.

Rather than fuck around with this pair I did as I was told.   His runners
weren't that old and besides I'd been forced recently to put worse things in my
mouth.  His runners were spotlessly clean by comparison.

Once his shoes were cleaned off he seemed happy and they walked off down the
street arm in arm.

I backed carefully away from where I had just cum, then found a patch of ground
that looked relatively clean and lay down to await Pat's return.

I was very surprised that Pat would do this to me, leave me alone on the street. 
He had always been good to me, looked after me, cared for me when I was sick.

The only thing he had ever done that upset me was when he took me up to Queen
Street to have a shit.   I guess this situation was fairly similar.

As I awaited his return I realized that it really hadn't been too bad, so far.  
I'd had my first female blowjob, wasn't impressed, but did get my rocks off.  
Got to suck a sweet young cock, nothing wrong with that.  Fuck it, I would trust
Pat.   I closed my eyes and let myself drowse off.

"Come on Dinky, rest time is over." Pat said, I hadn't heard him walk up.

I opened my eyes and got up quickly.  I wiggled my ass so my tail would wag and
he would know I was glad to see him.  He was talking to me and his hand was only
a few inches from my face.  He wanted a dog did he, ok I would oblige, I thought
with a smile.

I stuck my tongue out and began to lick his hand while I wagged my tail.  At the
first unexpected feel of my tongue his hand pulled back slightly, but he then
held it still.

"Holy fuck, it's licking your hand and wagging it's tail." a young voice said.

"Well what do you expect."  Pat answered nonchalantly.

"It is a dog, dogs do those things."

"Ya but..." he started but Pat cut him off.

"No fucking buts.   He is a dog, he does dog things, now lets get inside, I
think he is probably thirsty after sitting out in this heat for so long." 

They headed up to the house and I followed wherever my leash went.  Inside I was
laughing.   I hadn't seen the other guy, I only licked Pat's hand for the hell
of it, but it seems I did it at just the right moment.

Inside the front door was a large foyer with a white marble floor.  I found it a
little difficult to get a footing here and almost fell.  I gave a little whine
to get Pat's attention.  When he looked down I slid my right front paw quickly
across the marble.  He got the message.

"This floor is a bit too slippery for Dinky.  Jared help me get him into the
main hall." Pat said.

The young man came around to my other side and they both lifted me up and
carried me into the main hallway.  The floor here was carpeted which gave me
good traction.

I gave a little half bark to thank them.

"Always happy to help." Pat said.

"Huh?" said the boy.

"Dinky thanked us for carrying him in, I was just acknowledging his thank you.
You must always reward your pet for correct behavior.  In this case, Dinky would
take acknowledgement as a reward."

"Oh." the boy said stupidly.

"Bring him in Pat." a deep baritone called from another room.  The voice sounded
slightly familiar.

"Yes Sir, on my way." Pat replied.

Pat and Jared walked towards a set of double doors which were open.   They led
into a large room that turned out to be a den.   Book shelves lined every
available inch of space along the walls and they were full to over flowing with
books.

Straight ahead as we entered there was a huge mahogany desk.   Behind the desk
was a huge multi paned window.   The man sitting behind the desk was in his late
40's to early 50's.   He was dressed in black leather, at least the parts I
could see of him at the moment.

His hair was slightly graying at the temples but that was really the only
evidence of his age.   He was a very handsome man, well built with broad
shoulders and a massive chest that was pushing hard against the leather.

Like Pat, this man must be a body builder or weight lifter or whatever the hell
it is you call guys that make themselves into gorgeous hunks with those really
sweet bubble butts.

He stood up as we crossed the room and came around the desk.   I recognized the
voice as one of the blowjobs I had given at the party that night.    He had been
friendly and had even thanked me afterwards, the only one that had.

"Ah Pat, me boy, so good to see you."  he said effusively, grabbing Pat's hand
and shaking it vigorously.

"It is good to see you again, Sir." Pat replied politely.

"And Dinky doggie, welcome to my home, boy."  he said warmly, ruffling the hair
on the back of my head.

"This is without doubt the best behaved dog I have ever had the pleasure to
meet.   Charlie sure is one lucky guy." he said to Pat.

"Yes Sir,  Master Charlie has received many compliments because of Dinky's
behavior."  Pat said proudly.

"Yes I believe Charlie has mentioned that more than once." he laughed.

"I have told Charlie that if he ever wishes to sell Dinky, I would like first
bid."

"Well Sir, whatever you paid, you would get the best of the deal, however I
don't think Charlie would be willing to part with him just yet."  Pat said.

"No, I don't suppose he would."  he answered wistfully.

"Now lets take him down to the training room.   I have two dogs in training at
the moment.  Have you warned Dinky that he must be a complete dog from this
point, Pat."

"He was given Charlie's warning briefing before we left.  Charlie told me you
would indicate when to give Dinky your briefing, Sir.  Maybe we ended up with
our wires crossed I will do it now."  Pat said, there was a tone of sudden
concern in his voice.

That put me on the alert.  Something was not right.   Either Charlie had not
given Pat all the info or this Master was going to try and pull a fast one.

"Dink, listen very carefully, I am only permitted to tell you this once.  You
must be a complete dog from this point on.   Everything you do, every action,
every sound, must be doggie.   Think constantly dog and act accordingly.  Do you
understand so far?"  he asked.

"Rrrrough." (Yes).

"Remember Charlie's last words to you this morning, "Do not fail.", he was very
serious, Dink.  It is imparative that you not fail.  The punishment for failure
will be very, very severe.  No matter what you have to do, no matter how
distasteful or degrading, no matter how sick you may think it is, do it.  I am
not permitted to say anymore, except good luck and be the best dog you can be." 
Pat said gravely, there were tears in his eyes as he finished.

I was right, something terrible was going to go down and he hadn't warned me
earlier.  Tears of betrayal started to form in my eyes.   But as fast  as they
formed, I forced them away, the same with the thought.  Pat had not betrayed me. 
He was every bit as much a slave as I was and had to obey orders no matter what
his own personal feelings.

Ok, Pat.  I will be the best fucking dog these pricks have ever seen.   I
followed along behind them as they made their way down a hall.   I didn't watch
to see where we were going, it was too much trouble.  I just closed my eyes and
crawled.   My mind was deep in thought, what the hell lay ahead?

The hall made lots of twists and turns, this must be one hell of a big house, I
thought.   Shit I don't think I could find my way back out from wherever the
hell we were even without the eyepiece.

"Ah, here we are the Master said.  Well Pat, continue on down this passage  and
turn right at the very end.    You will be in a large garden room, just go
through that to the garden, we will meet you there in about 20 minutes." the
Master said.

"But Master Charlie never said anything to me about leaving Dinky alone here,
Sir." Pat protested.

"Our training program, does not allow for my dogs to be in the presence of any
other humans but the trainers and I.   It could be very detrimental to their
concentration.   We will meet you in the garden.  Don't worry, Dinky is in safe
hands, the leash please."  The Master said.

Pat conditioned to obey a Master, handed my leash over.    I was instantly
afraid.    I wanted to scream out in protest, to cry for Pat not to let this
happen.   However the consequences for doing or saying anything that could be
construed as human were just to terrifying to contemplate.

When the Master pulled the leash I followed.    I gave one little whine, to let
Pat know that I was afraid.

The Master opened the door in front of us and we entered.  I turned my head over
my should and watched Pat standing all alone in the hallway, then the door
closed separating us.

I turned back and looked into the room. Straight ahead of me were two dog cages,
with a dog in each.   Bile rose and rumbled in my stomach from the real fear
that suddenly enveloped me.  

The fucking dogs in the cages, were real.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Warning - This Chapter contains two short scenes of bestiality.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS/Beast

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com

A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 12

"Well now Dinky, meet your two new friends, Killer and Rellik." the Master said
with a smile.

"They are brothers, both German Shepherds and the sons of Killanthia and
Aristina, top breeder champions." he said proudly.

"We are in the process of training them to breed, however they just don't seem
to understand what is required.  I thought that since you are such a great,
intelligent dog you would be able to help by giving them a little
demonstration."  he said.

I froze.   What the fuck is going on here.  I ain't giving these fucking dogs
any demonstrations on how to fucking breed.  But then my fucking cock said oh
yes you are Dinky.

What was I going to do.  I was definitely not into anything that had to do with
animals.   It was bad enough the other things I had been forced to endure, but
this?

Then I remembered Pat's words and then I heard the voice of Charlie, "Don't fail
me, Harold."   I began to shake and tears formed in my eyes.

"Hey, easy there Dinky, it is not that bad." the Master said squatting down
beside me.

"Your going to really enjoy this, so just relax.   Now I am going to remove the
face piece because we want you to be able to see what is going on.  I will
replace it with a Nose instead.   You are in doggie mode and don't forget the
consequences of not staying there."  he warned as he lifted the eye piece.

I fucking well was not going to enjoy this.   It was good to have the eye piece
removed, but I would rather wear it than play with those dogs.   He brought
forward what looked like a black plastic dog nose.  It had two long spike things
inside and they slid inside my nostrils as he pushed the thing onto my nose. 
Once it was on he did something that caused the two spike things to expand and
hold the plastic nose in place.  It was not a comfortable feeling at all.

I was shaking even worse now and tears were flowing freely down my cheeks.  I
looked at the Master, begging him with my eyes not to let this happen.   Then I
gave some whines.

"Relax Dinky, Killer and Rellik won't hurt you, I promise.   There's  a good
dog." he tried to comfort me  as he rubbed my head.

"Ok, let Killer out." he said to one of the trainers.

The man walked over and opened the dogs cage, he bounded out right away and
headed straight to me.   His tongue hangin' out of his mouth and saliva dropping
in long strings as he bounced over. 

The first thing he did was start slobbering all over my face.   That big, wet,
sloppy tongue licking like there was no tomorrow.

"Dinky kiss the fucking dog back or I'll have you on that fucking truck and back
to Charlie faster than you can blink." the Master said angrily.

He scared hell out of me and unable to do anything else I opened my mouth and
started playing, dueling tongues, with the damned dog.   It was fucking
revolting.   The dogs breath stank and it was all I could do to keep my stomach
from throwing up my lunch.   Even though I knew that a dogs mouth was cleaner
than a human mouth, I still hated it  and was revolted.

Killer tired of the tongue games for the moment started to sniff me out.   The
Master stamped a foot and I started doing the same with Killer.   Then Killer
found my throbbing dick.   Oh did I forget by any chance to tell you that my
fucking dick was hard and throbbing again?  Oh god I was beginning to hate the
treasonous little bastard.

He started licking first my dick then my balls, then my dick, then my balls.  He
even went up and licked around the fucking tail piece sticking out of my ass.  
All the while eliciting moans from me.   As much as I hated this, I also was
loving it.   Killer sure knew how to bring pleasure with his tongue.

It wasn't long before Killer brought me off and I started shooting as he kept
licking.  Not a fucking drop hit the floor.  This fucking dog liked cum.   Once
I had blown my load the Master smiled.  I felt fucking like the lowest fucking
thing on this earth.  The two trainers were smiling as well.

"Killer, three." the Master suddenly ordered.

Killer dropped to the floor, rolled over on his back with this legs up in the
air.  The Master then stamped his foot on the floor.   I looked up at him and he
smiled.    Then I looked down at the dog.   His dick was sticking out of it's
sheath, he was fucking horny.  Oh fuck, I thought, then looked at the Master
again.   He nodded his head up and down, the bastard had read my mind.

On hands and knees that were shaking and ready to collapse, I slowly made my way
to the dog.   If I had felt sick before, I felt twice as bad now.   I just stood
there, looking down at the dog, his mouth was open, his tongue hanging out the
side and he was huffing like dogs are wont to do.

Then I looked at his pink dick sticking out of that sheath.   It was fucking
huge.  The part sticking out of the sheath was about 7 inches long and it was
almost 2 inches in diameter.  How the fuck was I going to be able to force
myself to suck that damned thing.   That question was quickly answered, when I
felt a sharp sting across my back.

Without a word the Master had laid a small switch across my back, I screamed out
from the unexpected pain.  Now I knew how I was going to be able to suck that
thing, and bent my head down.

I closed my eyes to try and make it less offensive, and opened my mouth and
stuck out my tongue.   I tentatively touched the tip of my tongue against the
dogs monstrous, ever expanding dick.   There was a bit of an odour and a bit of
a strange taste but other than that it was not really all that bad.

I licked along the dick hoping that the dog would cum and this nightmare would
be over.  After a while I guess the Master was getting bored watching me just
lick the fucking thing, because he brought the switch down gently and  just
moved it lightly across my back.   I knew right away what he wanted.

I moved to the head of the dogs dick, opened wide and took it into my mouth. The
thing almost filled my mouth.  It didn't taste bad or anything but just the idea
made me want to throw up.   To make it even worse I opened my eyes and could see
the two trainers laughing at me.   One of them held a video camera and it was
on, capturing my degredation forever.  How much lower am I going to have to go,
I thought.

I sucked and sucked on that fucking cock but still it didn't cum.   I was
beginning to think it would never blow it's load, when the strangest fucking
thing began to happen.     The end of the fucking dogs dick was beginning to
swell.

It kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger.   What the fuck, I thought to
myself.   Is there something wrong with the poor mutt?   Should I pull off and
let the Master know?   But that switch was still moving around on my back and I
didn't relish the thought of another whack so I just kept sucking as that knob
got bigger and bigger.

Before I really realized what was happening the fucking thing got so big I
couldn't get it out of my mouth.   It swelled up and filled my mouth and even
forced my jaws apart.   If it hadn't been for my teeth I might have been able to
pull off, but my jaws were open at maximum and the fucking thing was caught
behind my teeth.

I no longer could suck or make any movement on that dogs cock.   My tongue was
pressed down into my lower jaw.   Then I began to panic.   I tried pulling off
with all my might, but the poor dog started to cry, I guessed I was hurting him.

The Master and his two fucking trainers must have thought this the funniest
thing they had ever seen because they were laughing their fucking heads off.   I
had broken out in a sweat and started really crying again.   What the fuck was
happening?

The trainer with the video camera came over and got down on the floor close to
me, takin close ups, I guessed, of my panic.   He was finding it hilarious and
the camera was shaking all over the fucking place.   Good I thought, his fucking
video will be useless.

It had to have been five or ten minutes that my mouth was locked to the fucking
dogs swollen cock.  The Master and his trainers continued to laugh and make
jokes about Dinky doggie being so in love with Killer that he refused to release
the poor dogs cock and would spend the rest of his life with Killer's cock in
his mouth.

I hated those guys with a passion.   I felt so depraved.  I was going to feel
even more depraved when I got back to the bar and had to watch and listen to the
catcalls every time Charlie would run his copy of this video, wich turned out a
lot better than I thought it would.  

I was really in a bad way.   It was hard to breath with that big dog cock stuck
in my mouth, my nose was in such a position that every time I inhaled dog hairs
tickled around the end of my nostrils.  Then without any warning the dogs
swollen dick gave a sudden pulse.

His hot cum started to shoot down my throat.   I was right in the middle of
taking a breath at the time and began to choke.   Some of the cum had gone down
the wind pipe.   I tried to pull back but that cock was still too swollen and it
just kept shooting the doggie juice down my fucking throat while I tried to keep
from choking to death.

Killer finally finished emptying his nuts down my throat and his swollen cock 
collapsed.  I pulled away and coughed and wheezed and did all the things you do
when something goes down the windpipe instead of the throat.

Once I had got my pipe cleared and my breathing returned to normal  I looked
down at Killer's huge dick as it slowly receded into it's sheath.

"A good dog should lick it's partners cock after a good mouth fuck and then lick
the balls and ass hole." the Master said.

No, no, no, no, noooooooo I screamed in my head.  I have done what you wanted
let me along.   But it wasn't to be, that switch started moving around on my
back again.  With tears falling down my cheeks again I lowered my head and stuck
out my tongue.

I licked around the now fully receded dick and made my way back to the balls, as
I licked them, I wretched a couple of times, but it was just dry heaves.   I
hadn't even got to the worst part yet and my stomach was rebelling, I could just
imagine what would happen when I got to the fucking ass hole.

I finished the nuts and looked up at the Master.   My eyes begging more than
ever for mercy, but he just smiled and tapped the switch against his palm.

As I got close to the dogs anus I could smell the odour of shit.   The closer I
got the stronger the smell.    Stealing myself, I opened my mouth, started to
stick out my tongue and then puked all over the fucking dog.   Now this was not
just a little tiny puke, no sireeee, this was a multiple, gut retching puke.   I
emptied everything.   Then collapsed on the floor in a ball crying my heart out.

I don't know how long I lay there, I may even have fallen asleep.   But I was
suddenly aware of someone rubbing my head.   I opened my eyes and the Master was
squatting there beside me.

"Are you feeling better now Dinky?" he asked in a concerned voice.

I looked up at him and gave a short, single bark, indicating yes.

"Well up you get then and follow me." he said, getting to his feet.

I got myself up and noticed that the dogs and cages were gone and the floor
where I had barfed was clean.   He gave a gentle tug on the leash.

"That's a good dog, come along." he coaxed.

I followed as he led the way to a set of large, glass paned doors that led
outside.   He opened the door and we went out into a garden.   It was beautiful, 
there were flower beds in the most glorious arrangements that took my breath
away.

I had been so thunderstruck by the beauty of it all I had stopped and he stopped
with me.   He gave me a few moments to look all around.

"Ah Dinky doggie likes beautiful gardens." he said impressed.

"Rrrrough."  (yes) I answered.

He gave a bit of a laugh, then tugged gently on my leash.

"Come along." he said, walking out onto the grass.

We came to a flagstone walk way and he followed it.   Everywhere I looked there
were mounds of flowers, the colours were spectacular and so artistically
arranged.  To top it all off the air was full of the most wonderful fragrance. 

I started to hear voices in the distance.  Being on hands and knees it was not
possible to see ahead at all, but it sounded like quite a few people were
gathered together.

Then I remembered that I was Dinky doggie and that other than that uncomfortable
nose piece my face was visible for whomever may be ahead.  Fuck, it was bad
enough being out in public acting like a dog with my face hidden by the
eyepiece.   If he was taking me into a group of people like this it would be a
hundred times worse.  Guess who thought this was a wonderful idea?   You guessed
it, my dick.

The sound of voices and laughing got louder and louder and I got tenser and 
tenser.   We rounded a gorgeous red rose bush and there straight ahead was a
garden party in full swing.   It looked like there were 50 or more people.   A
couple of large tent awnings had been set up one with a bar the other with food.

Every one was milling around sipping drinks, nibbling on snacks and babbling, as
folks are wont to do at gatherings such as this.     Someone spotted me and the
shout went up, everyone turned to look in my direction.    I wanted to turn and
look in the direction I had just come.  Actually I wanted to go back in the
direction I had just come and very quickly.   But of course we all know by now
that my wants were totally immaterial.

Then I froze right up.   The Master hadn't been expecting it and kept walking. 
Of course the leash pulled tight and almost choked me to death, but I paid it no
heed.   I just stopped dead in my tracks.    I could feel the flush beginning in
my cheeks and quickly travelling throughout my body.   I also felt the
adrenaline begin pumping through my system.    I began to shake.

There standing in front of me, staring at me, laughing at me,   were my old boss
and all of my co-workers.   I pulled back on the leash, I tried turning to run
back the way I had come.   No way did I want to stay here.  They could string me
up and beat my ass from now until dooms day, but I did not want to stay here.

The Master gave a strong vicious yank on the leash, which caused me to fall over
on my side.   The crowd broke out into hysterical laughter.    I was so
embarrassed by this turn of events that I shamed myself even further, when my
bladder let go and I started pissing myself.

This only made all the fucking pricks that I had worked so closely with, guys
that I had thought were my friends, to laugh even more then they had been.  
They began making all kinds of snide remarks, which only made it worse for me.

The Master gave another strong tug.

"Get on your fucking feet you lazy, fucking hound.  Come on get up." he yelled
at me, all the time tugging on the leash.

With tears rolling down my cheeks, my whole body shaking with shame and anger, I
made it to my feet and let him lead me into the crowd.

Hands patted my head, rubbed my back and a couple even reached under and
caressed my nuts.   Talk about humiliation.    There was one thing I was 
absolutely sure of, I could never go back to work at that company.   This party
made sure of that.

As he pulled me forward I also noticed that it wasn't just my co-workers that
had been invited here, it was also people that I had known, guys that I had
called friends, although not close, we were still friends.  Well we used to be
friends, we sure wouldn't be after today.

The Master kept walking forward and the crowd parted to let us through.   It
finally parted and I saw a huge circular area ahead.    Chairs had been formed
into a large circle facing in.   The Master led me to the centre of this circle.   
The crowd followed and began sitting in the chairs.

I knew then that more humiliation was on it's way.    Oh Pat, I thought, you
lied to me.    An easy afternoon you said, just be Dinky doggie for a while.  
Oh yes this sure was easy, I thought as more tears rolled down my cheeks.   The
only thing that stopped me from yelling out for them to stop and leave me alone
was the dreaded thought of the punishment that would lay in store if I were to
do anything so stupid.

Once everyone was seated the Master started to speak.

"Gentlemen, you have all been invited here this afternoon to witness the most
remarkable dog in the City of Toronto.  His pedigree is unknown, but he is
remarkably intelligent, for a dog.   He belongs to Master Charlie and was
trained by him.    This afternoon, we will demonstrate how well this dog will
obey his Master."  he said loudly.

The audience applauded loudly and even a few whistles and cat calls could be
heard.    I just hung my head in shame to hear myself being talked about in this
manner, in front of people I know.

The Master raised his hand up in the air and someone from the side lines threw
him a red ball, which he caught one handed.

He held the ball over my head.

"Up Dink, up boy, take the ball Dink." he called to me.

Unable to do anything but obey I got up with my paws straight out front as I had
been taught by Pete and Larry.  He held the ball just out of reach, continuing
to tell me to take the ball.   I tried jumping up a bit but it just didn't work.  
So finally I said fuck it, if he wants me to take it in my mouth he can fucking
well put it there.  

It worked because he finally got tired of that little game and brought the ball
down to my lips.   It was a soft foam type ball so was easy for me to grasp with
my teeth.   Once it was in my mouth I decided to play the part of a dog and
dropped back to my feet.

The Master reached down to take the ball from my mouth but I moved my head.  It
was then that I noticed that he had detached the leash.  So as quickly as I
could I trotted away from him with the ball in my mouth.

"Dinky." he called.  "Bring the ball here boy.  Come Dinky, bring Master the
ball.  That's a good dog."

Fuck you and your little red wagon, I sang out in my mind.   You ain't getting'
this ball off of me that easy.   The fucking crowd, my so called friends and
co-workers loved this little show and were clapping and yelling encouragement to
me.

I could see the Master was getting pissed, but I didn't give a fuck.   He wanted
a fucking dog, he was going to get a fucking dog.   As soon as he would start
towards me I would start moving.   I even placed the ball down between my front
paws once and barked at him.

The crowd went wild.   I was starting to really get into this thing.   I was
having a grand time.   But of course that was not what the Master wanted and he
finally caught up with me.  

He grabbed my collar and bent down.  I saw him put his hand in his pocket as he
crouched down and pull something out.

Just loud enough for me to hear he said, "Having fun are we Dinky?   Open your
fucking mouth and chew this.  If you spit it out, I will have the trainers take
you inside and drive a fucking nail through your tongue.   Don't fucking test
me."

I quickly opened my mouth and dropped the ball.  He then pushed something into
my mouth, it was soft like a marshmallow.  I began to chew and my mouth filled
with the most disgusting taste imaginable, then the burning took over.   I
almost forgot his warning and began to spit the fucking thing out.   His big
hand resting on my neck squeezed tightly for just a second, reminding me of the
warning.  I kept chewing and swallowed it as quickly as possible.

Between the awful taste and the burning,  I was suddenly not a happy, playful
little puppy any longer.   I was not quite so proud of the fact that I had been
able to piss him off.   The message was very clear, obey or pay.  I quickly
decided that I had better obey.

"Good show Dinky."  the Master said out loud as he stood up.

"Let's hear it everyone, ain't he one hell of a dog."

The crowd applauded loudly.

"Up Dink and take a bow." the Master ordered.

My mouth on fire, no humility left I raised myself up, paws straight out and
bowed my head.   Again the crowd went wild.

The Master picked up the ball.

"Here Mr. Crawford." he said throwing the ball to my old boss.

"Now we are going to play a little game so you all can get to see how really
smart Dinky is.     Mr. Crawford has the ball.   In a moment I will send Dinky
over to him to get the ball.   Dinky will take the ball in his mouth and Mr.
Crawford will tell Dinky to take it to someone, either on his left or on his
right.   Now suppose Mr. Crawford wants Dinky to take the ball to you...ah Hank
isn't it?" he said pointing to one of my co-workers.

"Yes, Hank.   Now as we all can see Hank is sitting six spaces to the right of
Mr. Crawford.    Mr. Crawford therefore would tell Dinky to take the ball to,
right 6, and Dinky will take the ball there.   Hank would then tell Dinky to
take it to someone else,  everyone got the idea.   Great let's play." he said
jovially.

"Ok Dink, go to the man with the ball, boy.  Go get him Dinky."  he ordered.

Ok, stupid game time and off I trotted to Mr. Crawford.    I could see by the
look in his eye that he was enjoying this immensely.   One of his former
employees reduced to dog status, being ordered around and obeying his Master.

"Right 10," he shouted out loud and then whispered,  "What a fucking ass hole
you turned out to be Harold."

I took the proffered ball in my mouth, tears filling my eyes.   Mr. Crawford and
I had always gotten along real well.   He had been a very good man to work for.  
Now when he looked at me his eyes were full of disgust.

As I made my way to right 10 snide remarks were made such as, "What a sick dog", 
"Shit for brains", "faggot" and more.   Every step brought more humiliations.   
This went on for a good hour, everyone having a grand time, sending the stupid
man/dog  on this mindless errand of taking the ball from person to person and
enduring terrible insults the whole time.  

But it was obvious everyone was becoming bored with this little game so the
Master finally called me.

"Bring the ball here Dinky, that's a good boy." he said.

He took his hand out of his pocket and I realized he was going to pop something
in my mouth.  Not another of those horrible fucking marshmallow things I prayed.  
My mouth was still tender from last time.

His hand pressed against my mouth and I opened to admit it.   Yes it was another
marshmallow thing.   With no choice I started to chew.    This one tasted just a
bad as the first one, however there was no burning, just that rotten taste.   I
chewed quickly until it was in small enough bits that I could swallow.

While I was busy trying to chew that horrible fucking thing up the Master
announced my next torture.

"We are next going to demonstrate Dinky's stamina.   He really is a very strong
and very self controlled doggie.   He can take a great deal of pain before he
will give in." he said and looked down at me.

I shivered.  

"We are going to demonstrate that strength and determination, by placing him in
a situation where he has to give himself a great deal of pain, in order to avoid
something we know he will detest even more than the pain."  the Master said
cheerily.

"We know that Dinky hates the smell and taste of shit and will do just about
anything to avoid it.   Therefore in this little test, if he fails to achieve
the goal, he will be held down  and forced to eat two pounds of dog shit.  
Either way we should get a lot of entertainment out of this." he finished,
looking right at me.

Dog shit, they were going to force me to eat dog shit if I didn't succeed at
this little fucking test.  Oh yeah, I'll bet this test is little.   About the
only thing that will be little about it will be my chances of succeeding, I was
sure.

One of the trainers came over and started putting something around my nuts.   It
felt like that little jacket thing I wear when getting my nuts stretched.

"This is very simple really, Dinky is going to be tethered by his nuts to the
steel tether sticking out of the ground over there.   We will use an elastic
cord.   

All Dinky has to do is get to and pick up this ball, which will be placed twenty
five feet from the tether." the Master said holing up a red ball.

"The elastic cord is fifteen feet long,   Dinky will have to stretch it ten feet
in order to get the ball.  The cord has been tested and in order for him to
reach the ball he will have to apply a force equal to the downward pull of a 150
pound weight." he explained.  

"We know he has never had that much weight suspended from his nuts before,  his
maximum is 20 pounds, so this will be a very fair test of his endurance
qualities." the Master spoke as if this was nothing at all.

One hundred and fifty fucking pounds.  Man I would never be able to do that. 
The fucking twenty was bad enough.   But if I failed, it was even worse.  I
would be force fed two pounds of dog shit.   This whole crazy thing just keeps
getting worse and worse.

A trainer attached my leash and walked me over to the cord which was lying on
the ground.  He turned me around then attached the cord.   The cord itself was
heavy and created quite a pull on my nuts.  I didn't like the feel of it one
little bit.

The other trainer took the red ball from the Master and walked over to a place
marked on the ground by a little white marker.  I assumed that was a measured
twenty five feet from the tether.

"Dinky, you have 15 minutes to get that ball, if you fail, you eat the shit. 
Go." the Master commanded.

I moved forward, the weight of the cord creating drag and pulling on my nuts.  
I finally got to a point where the cord was in relaxed state but was stretched
out it's full fifteen relaxed feet.   I started moving forward and immediately
felt the pull on my nuts.

I hadn't gone more than a foot or two when the pull was about the same as I
remembered from the twenty pound weight.   It didn't cause any pain, but it
wasn't all that comfortable either.

I continued to move forward, each inch adding more pressure and squeezing my
balls tighter and tighter.  I was now only about five feet from the ball, I
still had no pain, but was very uncomfortable.

Still I crept forward, at four feet away the first pains began.   They were like
little knife thrusts deep in my groin.  I tried to ignore them and kept moving
forward.  Each inch started increasing the amount of pain that burned through my
nuts.

I was only two feet away from the ball.   I was sweating profusely, it was
running down my forehead and into my eyes.  One of the trainers saw and came
over with a rag and whipped the sweat away.   He also had a small white rag that
he pushed to my mouth.

"Suck it gently, Dinky it will relieve the dryness in your mouth."  he said
quietly.

I gratefully sucked on that rag for a few moments then began that forward
journey again.   I wanted to stop, to go back and give my nuts a rest, then try
continuing, but I knew if I stopped I would not be able to get going again and 
would for sure be eating 2 pounds of dog shit.

Gritting my teeth I made the supreme effort and decided I had only one chance of
success and that was to go for the prize all in on fell swoop.   I would either
win or loose, but I couldn't keep up this creeping, it was hurting too much.

I took a deep breath, clenched my teeth and lunged forward, my balls felt like
they were being pulled off my body.  I bent down opened my mouth and grabbed the
ball.    Just as I lifted my head, the Master called time.   I had won.

The crowd broke into a loud cheer.   Bully for them, I thought as my nuts felt
like they were being torn off.   I knew  I had to move backwards as quickly as
possible to relieve the fucking pressure before my fucking balls went flying off
into the next century.

It really didn't take long to get back and as I moved backward the pain
lessened.   Once there was no more pressure, one of the trainers detached the
cord and then removed the little jacket.   I sighed a big sigh of relief.

"Let' have a big round of applause for Dinky's success." the Master shouted as I
walked up to him and presented the ball.

He rubbed my head and then popped another of those marshmallow things in my
mouth.   Right away the foul taste enveloped my taste buds.   I chewed it
quickly and swallowed.

"We will pause for a moment before the next demonstration.   I think Dinky is
thirsty after all this exercise.  

"Are you thirsty Dinky?" he asked.

Stupid dog that I am answered right away.   I was thirsty, this shit was hot
work.

"Rrrrough." (yes).

"One of the trainers will bring him a nice drink.   Once he has satisfied his
thirst, by drinking it completely from the bowl we will continue."  he
announced, with emphasis on  the part about "drinking it completely".

A warning went through me that I shouldn't have said yes.  I didn't like the
sound of that emphasis.   Why would he emphasize that?   Guess I was soon going
to find out as one of the trainers approached with a stainless, steel bowl.

He placed it down in front of me and I bent over.   Whatever the fuck it was, it
wasn't water.   It had some white bubbles on top and seemed to be a yellow
colour.  As I bent down, I realized right away what is was.   Someone had pissed
in the bowl and they wanted me to drink it in front of all these people that
know me.

I don't know where he got it from, but as I hesitated above the bowl, I felt
that switch begin to rub back and forth along my back.  Fighting back my pride I
bent down and began to drink the piss.   It was warm which meant it was fresh
and it had a bitter taste which only complimented the foul taste from that
fucking marshmallow.

If it weren't for the fact my stomach were already empty, I think I would have
started puking again.   But I managed to get it down, there was only a small bit
left in the bowl when the Master again began to speak.

"Did you all notice the gusto with which  Dinky attacked that bowl?" he asked.

"It wasn't because he was thirsty, believe me.   It was because it was his
favorite drink..." he paused here for effect, while I kept lapping up the last
drops.

"Dog piss." he said, and the crowd sounded like they were going to be sick.

I turned green and wished that I could be.  Fucking dog piss, the miserable
lousy bastard and made me drink dog piss.  I wanted to rear up and bite the
bastard on the fucking throat and tear out his juggler vein.   I'd show him a
fucking dog.   But of course we know that was not possible, so I just sat there
looking at the ground in my shame and felt sick.

The Master reached down and pushed another marshmallow thing in my mouth, this
one had the fucking spice in it and my mouth was on fire again.

"Now for our next little demonstration of Dinky's abilities.  While Dinky was
busy lapping up his favorite drink, the trainers have been busy setting up a
little something to show you just how intelligent Dinky really is."  he said
pointing to a steel rod with a ring welded to the top and pushed deeply into the
ground.  

In a huge circle all around the steel rod other rods had been driving into the
ground, there had to be thirty or forty of them.   They each had a hooked top,
in other words the top bent over much like a candy cane.

A rope was tied to the main steel rod and then had been threaded all around the
circle of hooked rods, it was a complete tangle.

The Master took me over and clipped the end of that rope to my collar.

"Now gentlemen this is a timed demonstration.   If you look way down at the end
of this field you will see the red ball.  All Dinky has to do is get that ball
in his mouth before time runs out.  He will have exactly 30 minutes."  he
announced.

I looked at the tangle of line around all those little posts, how the fuck was I
going to get that all undone in 30 minutes?

"If he fails to get the ball, then it is obvious he is a pretty stupid dog and
doesn't deserve the credit we have been giving him." the Master went on, then
paused.

Oh, oh something mean is coming.

"So if he fails it will mean he has disappointed all you fine gentlemen and
therefore owes you some entertainment.   Would you not agree."  he asked loudly.

The crowd cheered out a thunderous, "Yes."

"And so it shall be."  as he said this the trainers wheeled out the cage that
held Rellik.

As soon as I saw the cage I knew exactly what I would be forced to do if I
failed to get the red ball.

"I am not going to spoil the surprise by telling you what Dinky will do to make
it up to you, but will say it involves, Rellik." he said pointing to the dog.

"Do you understand what you have to do Dinky?" he asked.

"Rrrrough." (yes) I barked with no enthusiasm.

I looked at the tangled mess and knew right away that there was no way I could
get this tangle undone before the time ran out and that bastard knew it.  This
was just a little game to please the crowd and that was all.   I was not
supposed to win this one.   They wanted me to play with Rellik.

But I couldn't give up, if there was any chance at all that I could avoid
Rellick I was going to go for it.  I quickly went the to first hook the line was
wrapped around, bent down, taking the line in my mouth and unhooked it, then
hurried to the next and the next.

The biggest problem emerged at around the 10th hook.    The line that I had
unhooked became tangled in the other hooks as I released more.   I stopped and
gave it a little thought while looking around the circle.

An answer presented itself and I went for it.   I pulled all the rope I had
untangled so far, out to the edge and made sure it was on the outside of a hook.   
From then on as I unhooked rope I took the loose bit out to the edge.   This
seemed to work real well and I could see I actually was making progress.   My
only other problem was I had no idea how much time I had left.

As I worked away as quickly as I could I began to sweat from the heat.   The
tangled mess slowly became untangled and was wrapped around the outside of the
circle.   

Finally I unhooked the last of the tangled stuff.   Now I had to get all that
rope off the outside hooks so that I could head for that ball.   The crowd had
been cheering me on the whole time and now had gone wild.   I figured I must
still have a good chance of winning this thing so went all out.

Once I had it all unhooked from the outside ring and knew that I would be able
to stretch it out, I headed for the ball.   I was only ten feet from the ball
when the rope snagged on something and stopped me short, choking me.

I looked back and could see that somehow it had jumped or something and got
tangle in a hook.    I turned around and hurried back as quickly as my doggie
legs would carry me.

I was out of breath and sweating like a stuffed pig by the time I got to the
tangled bit of rope.   I had to stop for a moment and catch my breath.   Then I
bent down and untangled it.  Then headed back towards the ball.

I was just bending over to pick the ball up in my mouth when the Master standing
beside the ball shouted.

"Times up.  Good try Dinky, but you loose."

Filled with the most terrible frustration I had ever felt in my life, I lifted
my head and did the only thing I could to relieve the pressure, I howled.

"Owwoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
Owoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo" as loud and with as much force as my throat and
vocal cords would allow.   It was a howl of anguish and complete  despair.

The crowd had been extremely noisy and boisterous up till then, even the Master
had been laughing.   But that howl was so full of anguish, everything became
deathly quiet.   The birds stopped singing, the breeze stopped shaking the
leaves.   Not a sound prevailed, except for that howl of anguish and despair
being emitted from my throat.

The Master was the first to recover.   He quickly jammed one of those fucking
marshmallows in my mouth.  I of course stopped the howling immediately and my
mouth filled with that foul taste.   Then as I began to chew, my mouth was on
fire again.   Another fucking spiced one.

The Master unclipped the rope, then clipped my leash and started walking back to
the centre of the circle.   The trainers quickly moved in and coiled up the rope
and began pulling out the hooks. 

When we were back at the centre of the circle he ordered me to sit.   He then
crouched down and talked to me.

"You did a great job on that one Dink, but you were just a few seconds too slow.  
There is nothing I can do about that.   You knew the penalty for not succeeding
and now must pay it.   I don't know why you don't like it, you should be loving
it.    I know how much you like to suck cock.  You did a great job on mine."  he
taunted me.

I just sat there feeling dejected.   The crowd was still strangely quiet.   I
noticed and looked up.   They did not seem to be too happy that I had been so
close.   It seemed to me that they had somehow managed to drum up just a small
spark of sympathy for me, their old comrade.

"Same as you did for Killer, Dinky." the Master was saying.   "And afterwards be
sure to lick all around his cock, balls and ass hole.   This time you better not
fucking puke or you will be severely punished."

He stood up and gave a sign to the trainers.   They opened Rellik's cage and he
came bounding over, his tongue hangin' out the side of his mouth and saliva
dribbling all over the place.

As soon as he got to me he started the licking, the Master touched my side and
my tongue came out and the dog and I were licking each others faces.   I heard a
loud gasp of disgust from the crowd.

"Just look how Dinky loves to suck tongue with his boyfriend Rellik." the Master
sung out.

The crowd cheered and laughed at the Master's funnies.

When Rellik finally became bored with trading spit, he headed for my back end
and began licking around my cock and balls.    My dick had already begun to rise
and was now up fully as Rellik gave it pleasure.   I moaned in spite of myself.

"Just look how Dinky loves to have his cock and balls licked by Rellik.    Ain't
he one great faggot pig." the Master spit out.

I was too far gone to worry about what he was saying.   Rellick had me
squirming.  Rellick was much better trained than Killer.   When he got to my
asshole, he managed to snap his tongue inside my hole, despite the wire holding
my tail.   This shot waves of pleasure through me that I just could not ignore
and I moaned loudly.

Then he was back licking my dick and I started shooting my load.    Rellik
continued to lick as my load shot out.   I was so ashamed, I just couldn't look
at the crowd and kept my head down.

The Master called the dog and snapped his fingers.  Rellik stopped licking my
back end and hurried around in front of me.

"Rellik, three." the Master ordered and Rellik dropped to the ground and rolled
over, with his legs up in the air.

"Well as you can see gentlemen, Rellik did a great job of giving Dinky pleasure,
now to show his appreciation, Dinky will reciprocate."  the Master announced to
an astonished crowd.

I looked down and could see that Rellik's dick was every bit as big as Killer's
had been.   It was only sticking out an inch from the sheath at the moment.   I
would have to use my tongue to get it growing.

I wanted to get this humiliation over with, so bent down and started licking 
the small bit of dick sticking out.   At the first touch of my tongue it began
to grow rapidly.  I licked it faster and faster and it grew to a huge size. 
About 8 inches long and 2 inches in diameter.

I had the head in my mouth and was doing my best to get him to the point of
cumming when the Master softly whispered in my ear.

"Force the whole thing down your throat Dinky and face fuck yourself that way.  
You keep deep throating until his knot forms." he ordered.

His knot, what the fuck was a knot.   It was about five or ten minutes later
that I knew.   I had forgotten that the end of Killer's dick had grown large in
my mouth and it was stuck there until he had cum.   Rellik's dick was now doing
the same thing.  Now I knew what a fucking knot was.

I wanted to pull off before it got so big it would be stuck there.   But I knew
if I did that this Master would not hesitate to cause me serious pain.  In fear
I let the damned thing swell until it filled my mouth and locked itself inside.

"Ah, Dinky has succeeded in bringing Rellik to orgasm.    The knot has formed
and now they will stay locked together until Rellik shoots his load down Dinky's
throat.   After Rellik has delivered his load to Dinky's gullet we will chain
Dinky up to the tether and any of you that would like to come and say good bye
to him before you leave, please feel free."  the Master said, walking away and
leaving me with Rellik's fucking swollen cock locked in my mouth.

I watched as he went over and started talking with Mr. Crawford.   They began
laughing and joking about something, probably me.  Then I saw Pat approach from
outside the ring.  He was up behind Mr. Crawford's chair and got into the
conversation.

It took Rellik a good five minutes or so before he finally decide to shoot his
fucking cum down my throat.   Again I wasn't prepared and almost fucking choked
to death.   Once he had emptied his nuts his dick returned to normal size and I
was able to pull off.

As soon as I did, one of the trainers was beside me.  He nudged me gently with
his boot.   The Master, Mr. Crawford and Pat watched from the side lines.   Why
wasn't Pat doing anything to help me, I wondered.

I knew what the nudge was for and bent back down and licked around that fucking
dog cock as it receded into it's sheath, then it was down and around the balls.

The worst part was still to come and I bent forward, but it did take another
nudge from the trainers boot, to force me down.

My mouth got closer and closer to the dog's asshole, but this time there was no
smell, well other than the normal smell you would get from a dog.   My nose was
right up, almost touching the little, wet, grayish coloured hole, but there was
still no smell of shit.

I let out a small sigh of relief, they had cleaned the dog good to make sure I
didn't puke.   Nice and fucking considerate of them, don't you think.

My tongue flicked out and touched the warm little hole.   There was no taste and
still no smell, so I licked.   I figured the sooner I get this over with the
sooner I get back to the relative safety of the bar.

I was just about to pull my head away, figuring I had given them what they
wanted when the little pucker gave a little heave and a fucking turd popped out. 
I lifted my head right quick.

"Get your fucking head back down there and smell that turd or you will really be
in shit." the trainer growled just loud enough for me to hear.

I lowered my head and pretended to be sniffing that fucking piece of shit.  The
other trainer called the dog and he got up and trotted off.   I was forced to
continue sniffing the fucking turd. Finally the trainer pulled gently on the
leash and led me to the tether.  He tied the leash to the tether and walked off.

"He's all yours gentlemen." I heard the Master announce.

I was soon surrounded by people that used to be my friends, but were now nothing
more than a heard of animals, helping my captors torment me more.

The first one over was Jack.  I had worked very closely with him for going on 3
years.   We had got along fine and had even gone to TGIF together a few times.

"I didn't fucking believe it when Crawford told us that you had sold yourself to
a guy as a sex slave, Harold.  I still find it hard to believe.  You must be one
weird fuck.   Well enjoy you life sick'o." he spit out at me and then walked
away.

Tears formed in my eyes and I whined softly.   How could they all believe such
bullshit.   Couldn't they see that I was being forced.   Damn it what the fuck
was wrong with everyone.

After Jack, it just kept getting worse and worse.  Almost every male I had known
for the past few years came up and denounced me as a pervert of the worst order. 

The last one to come over was Crawford. 

"I am really sorry your such a demented soul Harold, but I am sure glad you left
when you did, I was about to promote you to manager of the communications
division.  Well enjoy your sick sex life Harold, they say it takes all kinds and
I guess they are right."  he shook his head and walked away.

I was now all alone, the others had abandoned me and gone back to the tents
where the food and drink were.  I was completely ignored, left all alone in my
misery.

I lay down on the grass and put my head in my paws and just cried.

"Ready to go home Dinky."  Pat asked.

I lifted my head quickly and there he was crouched in front of me.   I was so
happy to see him but all I could do was break in to terrible sobbing.   I was a
little kid again, with a broken heart.

He moved up close and wrapped a strong arm around me, pulling me close.  He
whispered softly too me, words of love and affection.   Telling me not to worry
about what all those assholes had to say.   They knew nothing about nothing and
never would.

He finally managed to calm me down, undid the leash and led me from the garden,
by a route other than through that crowd.

Instead of going through the house, he took me to a gate.  A few moments later
we were back out on the street.   He opened the back door of the truck and
pulled down a small ramp.   I could see now so had no trouble climbing up and
into the cage which as sitting there waiting for me.

The ride back was uneventful.   I was not fastened in that upright position so
anyone looking in could not see that I was not an animal.   I made sure of that.

Back at Charlie's place he pulled up to the loading dock and Jake helped him get
the cage off the truck.   They spoke a few words and then Pat wheeled me all the
way back to the cell room.  He placed the ramp on the cart and opened the cage
door.

"Get yourself over to the table, Dink and I will get one of the guys to help me
get you up onto it." he said as he popped back out the door.

I waddled over to the table and waited until he and Pete returned.   They lifted
me up and Pete left.

It only took Pat a few minutes to remove the doggie gear.

"Oh I can not tell you how glad I am it  is over, Pat.   That has got to be the
worst thing that has ever happened to me.   I think I would rather be whipped
then to have to go through that again."

"Easy Harold, just relax. It's over and you were great.   That Master was so
fucking impressed with you that he is paying Charlie a bonus." Pat said calmly.

"What!" I exclaimed in surprise.

"The fucker treated me like a piece of shit, made me suck dog cock, humiliated
me completely in front of people that know me.   Now the bastard adds insult to
injury by paying a fucking bonus.   I'd like to cut the bastards guts out and
make him eat them as he dies." I cried out in anger.

"Easy, easy Harold.   I wasn't that bad.  Your not hurt are you?" he asked.

"Your fucking wrong Pat, I am hurt. I am hurt more than the fucking whippings,
more than the agony of that fucking little cage.   They made me into a nothing
today Pat, a nothing.  A worthless piece of shit, that is all that I am now.  
Just a worthless piece of shit."  and I began to cry uncontrollably again.

"I'll be right back Harold.  Stay right here." he said.

I lay back on the table and continued to cry uncontrollably.  

Pat returned a few moments later carrying a little black bag.   He quickly
opened the bag took out a syringe and a small bottle of clear liquid.   He
carefully filled the syringe. He lay the syringe down on the table for a moment,
took a small square package from the bag and tore off the end.   From the
package he took a little wipe and wiped my shoulder.  He picked up the syringe,
held it upright and pushed the plunger up a bit until liquid squirted out.   He
then quickly plunged the syringe into my arm and pushed down on the plunger.

"Relax, Harold this will help you to calm down and you will probably get tired
and fall asleep.   Just relax, let it happen and you will feel much better."  he
whispered to me.

I just continued to cry and sob.  I didn't want to feel much better, all I
wanted to do was die.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Chapter 13

Harold is punished

Whatever it was Pat had injected into my arm it made me sleep until the next
morning.   I noticed right away that I was on my cot and not the table where I
had fallen asleep.  Someone had moved me.

I sat up, my bladder was full and it needed emptying.   I got up from the cot
and was confronted by two surprises.  One, the cell door was closed and two, it
was locked.

My cell hadn't been locked for over a week, what was up?    I hadn't done
anything that would give Charlie the impression I would try to escape.  At least
I couldn't remember having done anything.

What the hell was I going to do.   I usually woke up an hour or more before Pat
arrived in the mornings.   How the hell was I going to hold my bladder that
long, it felt ready to burst.

Then I remembered that the cell room was monitored 24 hours a day by video and a
mic.

"Master Charlie, Sir."  I called out into the empty room.

"My bladder is ready to burst Sir, could someone come and let me go to the
toilet?" 

Like a real nut case I waited a moment for some reason, expecting an answer from
the empty room.

"If I have done something to displease you Sir, I apologize." I humbled myself, 
I really did have to piss.

"I don't remember doing it, Sir.   Please let me go to the toilet." 

I started to feel just a little too self-conscious talking to the empty room and
stopped.   I went and sat on the cot, hoping someone would come right away and
let me have a piss.

Well just like my prayers never seemed to get answered around here, neither do
my hopes get fulfilled.   It was at least an hour before Pete showed up.

As soon as I heard the cell room door being opened I was on my feet.  I was
surprised to see Pete enter, normally Pat came in the mornings.

"Good morning Pete, am I ever glad to see you.   My bladder is about to burst."
I said.

Pete ignored me completely, not even looking my way.   He went straight into the
washroom and I could hear him moving around in there.

"Pete." I called out desperately.  "Please let me go to the toilet.   What did I
do wrong?  Pete, please man, I really gotta go." I was starting to beg now.

Pete appeared at the washroom door.  He looked at me and I could see a bit of a
sad look in his eyes.   He was being forced to do something he really didn't
want to do.   My begging was not making it easier on him I could see.

He walked over to the cage, standing in front of me.  In his hand he held a
clear bag.  He passed it through the bars to me.

"That bag contains  a sterile penis catheter.   You will also find a small tube
of lube.    Open the package and lube up the long part, you will be pushing it
up your urethra so make sure you lube it good. Open the bag and begin."  he
instructed.

I was really scared now.  I had done something and Charlie was really pissed. 
Other wise Pete would have at least been civil.   With shaking hands I tore the
top off the bag and removed the catheter.

It was a semi flexible, clear plastic tube about eight inches long and three
eighths inches in diameter.  One end was rounded to make insertion easier.  The
other end had a harness affair, I really wasn't sure how it was used at this
point.

I punctured the top of the tube with the thingy in the lid and spread the lube
all over the catheter.

"What's wrong Pete?   Why do I have put this thing in my Dick"  I asked with
trembling lips.

"Never mind the fucking questions, just do what your told or we will come in and
do it for you.   I guarantee you won't like it if we do."  Pete said sternly.

"Ok, Pete sorry, don't get angry." I said.

Then with a sudden surge of bravado I called out loudly.

"Master Charlie, Sir.   I think I at least should be told why I am being
punished, Sir.    How can I correct my behavior if you won't tell me what I did
wrong?"

All the while I kept spreading the lube onto the catheter.  Pete was watching me
closely and once the thing was well lubed he gave me the remaining instructions.

"Now place the rounded end at your piss slit and push the catheter all the way
until that little flange at the end rests against your slit.   It shouldn't be
painful, just feel a bit uncomfortable." he said.

Well Pete was wrong.   The inside of my urethra was still tender from that
fucking swizzle stick that had been used on me.  The damned catheter burned all
the way in.   I clenched my teeth and gave out a little yelp of pain.

Once the thing was in, the pain receded to a dull ache.   The need to piss had
increased a hundred fold as I started inserting that catheter.   I stood there
bouncing from leg to leg and holding it from being pushed out by my squirming.

"Come close to the bars and I will hold the thing in place while you fasten the
cock ring around you cock and nuts."  Pete instructed

A cock ring!  Now I could see how it worked.   The collar was actually a leather
strap about one quarter inch wide.   It was joined by Velcro, all I had to do
was pull the two ends apart and it opened.   Four elastic straps joined the cock
ring to the flange on the end of the catheter.  I followed his instructions and
wrapped the cock ring straps around the root of my dick and balls then pressed
the Velcro ends together.   It was a fairly snug fit and caused my cock and nuts
to be forced outward.

I had a sudden thought.   What if I should get a hard-on while wearing this
little, torture device, and I was sure it was going to be a torture device.   I
was thinking it just might be pretty damned painful.   It was bad enough I had
to piss, I really didn't need a lot of other pain along with it.

Once the catheter was in and the cock ring holding device fastened, Pete
unlocked the cell door.

"Get over and up on the table, you have to go into doggie mode right away." Pete
ordered.

"But Pete I have to piss so fucking bad, my guts are on fire."  I complained.

"Look Harold, just do what your told or you may find things a lot more
uncomfortable then they are now."  Pete warned.

With that warning, I shut my mouth and went over and got up on the table.   By
now I knew exactly what to do during preparation for doggie mode so I rolled
over onto my back and waited.

Pete went to the cupboard and brought out the box that held the doggie outfit.  
He had just placed it on the tray beside the bed when the cell room door opened
and Charlie entered, followed by Larry and then Pat.

Charlie walked right over to the table and looked at me with fire in his eyes. 
That look told me I was in terrible trouble.  I had done something that had
really pissed him off and now I was going to pay a very stiff price I was sure. 
But what the fuck did I do?

"You really are one dumb fuck, Harold." Charlie spit out at me.

"I thought you had learned you status, your place in the chain of things.   But
no, you still think you are somebody, you still think you have rights, you still
think you are more important than your Master's wishes."  the anger in his voice
was mounting as he spoke.

He motioned to Larry.   Larry stepped forward with what looked like a small
cassette player.   Larry pushed a button and the sound of my voice filled the
room.

"The fucker treated me like a piece of shit, made me suck dog cock, humiliated
me completely in front of people that know me.   Now the bastard adds insult to
injury by paying a fucking bonus.   I'd like to cut the bastards guts out and
make him eat them as he dies."

"Easy, easy Harold.   It wasn't that bad.  Your not hurt are you?" Pat's voice
spoke.

"Your fucking wrong Pat, I am hurt. I am hurt more than the fucking whippings,
more than the agony of that fucking little cage.   They made me into a nothing
today Pat, a nothing.  A worthless piece of shit, that is all that I am now.  
Just a worthless piece of shit." 

Larry turned off the cassette player.

"Was that your voice saying those thing Harold?"  Charlie asked.

How could I fucking deny it, it was my voice and it was what I had said to Pat.

"Yes, Sir."  I answered sheepishly.

I was beginning to get an idea of what this was all about.

"You called one of the finest Master's in this city a, "fucker," and a,
"bastard."  Then you made a threat against him.  You wanted to cut out his guts
and make him eat them as he dies." he was almost screaming now.

"On top of that you were complaining about being humiliated, being made into
nothing, being made into a piece of shit.  How the fuck can you possibly be
humiliated.  You are a nothing.  You are useless piece of shit.    You have been
lower than a piece of shit from the moment you were taken into service."  he
yelled.

"You have no rights.  You are nothing.  You belong to me and I will fucking well
do anything I want to you.   I couldn't careless what you think about it.   You
are not entitled to think.  You can't think because your a useless piece of
shit."  he was absolutely livid now.

My bladder was pushing really hard against the catheter and I was in some real
pain.    As well I was shaking like a leaf.   Charlie was mad as hell and I was
in some really serious trouble.   I had made some bad mistakes and was now going
to pay the price.

Pat handed Charlie a glass of water and whispered something in his ear.  
Charlie walked away, taking sips of the water.   I continued to shake and now I
could feel my guts rolling around.   I was going to vomit, I was just about to
let Pete know when everything went black.

A strong burning smell entered my nostrils and brought me back from the land of
peace and quiet.  He was tapping my face gently.

"Come on Harold wake up.  Come on....., wake up Harold." he was saying.

I coughed and choked from the retched stuff he was holding under my nose.  I
opened my eyes and could see Pat standing beside me, he pulled that fucking
stink pad away.

Charlie, Pete and Larry were standing to Pat's right and slightly behind.   Once
I was awake, Pat backed away.

"Not only are you a useless piece of shit, your also a fucking wimp." Charlie
spat at me.  

Charlie's face was no longer a deep scarlet, it was back to it's natural colour.

"I am tired of playing games with you Harold.   I am going to give you one last
chance to dedicate yourself to me.   If you fail, then despite Pat's pleas, I am
going to sell you for body parts to a South American Medical outfit."  he said
calmly.

"I don't want to have to do that, but, by the lord liftin', if you don't learn
this time you are gone.   Do you understand?" he a very serious tone.

"Yes Sir." I answered in a very shaky voice.

"Master Dieter is hosting a party tomorrow night.   He wanted a slave to punish
as entertainment for his guests.   I was going to send one of the guys that
worked you over, but have decided that you need to be put in your place once and
for all.   If anyone can do it Dieter can."  he paused to let this sink in.

"Dieter's father was very high up in Hitler's Nazi Germany and rumor has it that
he was a master interrogator.   I believe it,  I have seen Dieter work on a
recalcitrant slave.   He could only have learned his little tricks from an
expert."

He lifted the water glass and took another sip.

"You will be shipped over to him this afternoon and will spend 48 hours in his
care.   I am sorry, Harold.  I wish it hadn't come to this, but  you can not get
away with the things you said about Master Granger.    When you return, you will
be a very docile slave and that is a fact.  Be in the bar for breakfast in 15
minutes." he said as he turned and walked away.

I was speechless.   I was being turned over to the son of a fucking Nazi
torturer. His little warning about returning as a docile slave meant I was in
for 48 hours of pure hell.   Right there and then I stopped thinking.   I just
closed in on myself.

I don't remember the guys getting me into the Dinky doggie outfit.   One moment
Charlie was there making his fucking pronouncements the next I was on the leash,
following Pat down the hall.      

Instead of the eyepiece they had inserted the nose piece.   I could see with no
problems, but couldn't be bothered looking at anything.   I just followed
wherever my leash went.

Pat led me over to Charlie and handed him the leash.  I stood beside his chair
on all four doggie legs waiting for the inevitable fucking behind the ear
scratch, but it didn't come.

Charlie never said a word to me or even touched me.

"Harry."  Charlie yelled.  "Bring the fucking dog his breakfast."

That was not a good sign.   He had never called me a, "fucking dog," before.  
Breakfast was not going to be edible, I just knew it.    I must be becoming
clairvoyant, because I was more than right.

It consisted of what could only have been scrapings from the garbage can.  There
were coffee grounds, tea leaves, bits of egg shell, small bits of fat and bits
and pieces of vegetable peelings.   It smelled like fucking garbage and tasted
even worse.

The water dish side at least contained fresh water.

I gagged and choked that breakfast down and drank the water to clear away the
taste in my mouth.   As soon as I was finished Harry picked up the dish and
walked away.  

A few moments later, I gave a big heave and puked the whole breakfast up, all
over Charlie's legs.   Now if I was out to impress him, I don't think I did a
very good job of it.

He jumped up and pushed back, his chair went flying into the table behind where
a couple of guys were eating.  One had a cup of coffee at his lips and it
splashed into his face and then ran down onto his chest.  He in turned jumped up
screaming, because the fucking coffee was very hot, sending his chair into the
table behind him and well it was just one of your normal chain fucking
reactions.

"Get that fucking animal out of my sight before I ship it off to South America
right fucking now." Charlie bellowed.

I really wasn't paying that close attention because I started puking again.   I
suppose if you were a bystander it may have been a funny sight to behold.   But
I wasn't a bystander, I was the major player and I was in even more trouble than
I was before.

"Get it into a cage and ship it off to Dieter now, I want it out of this fucking
building until it is tamed." he ranted.

Pat quickly came around the table and grabbed the leash.  He led me to the door. 
On the way I got one hell of a bladder cramp and doubled up, falling to the
floor.  My nose hit the floor hard and it knocked me almost unconscious.

Pat didn't see me go down so just kept walking, just as my nose smashed into the
floor the leash tightened almost breaking my fucking neck.   I had a bruise on
my neck for almost two weeks afterwards.

In a flash Pat was beside me.   He then started giving orders.   I was bleeding
pretty badly from the nose.   The two spines on the plastic nose had broken off
and were lodge up in the nostrils.

Before I fully regained my senses, I was on a cart and being wheeled quickly
down the hall to the cell room.   It took Pat over two hours to get those spines
out of my nostrils and stop the bleeding.  The whack on the nose had caused my
eyes to blacken.   They were swelling and Pat had Pete applying ice to try and
stop it.

By noon hour, the bleeding was stopped, the swelling around my eyes had stopped,
all I had left was a constant throbbing inside my nose.

Charlie came in just before lunch to check and see how I was doing.   Pat called
him over to the side, out of my hearing range and said something.

"No fucking way, Pat.   It goes to Dieter anyway.   I don't care if we have to
take it on a stretcher, it goes, do you understand? he said angrily.

"Yes Sir." Pat answered in a defeated voice.

Charlie then made his way over to me.

"You may have thought puking up your breakfast all over me was a good way to get
me to change my fucking mind.   You may also have thought smashing your face on
the floor on purpose would also get you sympathy, well your fucking wrong.  
Your going to Dieter's in exactly one hour from now." he spit out.

"Please, Master Charlie, Sir.  I am sorry Sir.   I will try to change, Sir.  I
promise I will.  Don't send me away, Master Charlie, please." I cried. 

"Your fucking well going so forget the damned begging, it won't do you any
good."  he bellowed.

"At least let Pat empty my bladder, Sir.   My guts are on fire.   The cramps are
really bad, Sir.  Please, permit the emptying of my bladder." 

"The reason you are going to Dieter's Harold is because you still have not
learned that it doesn't matter how much you hurt.   It doesn't matter to me one
little bit.   The way you asked for relief proves it, you keep babbling about
your pain, I don't give a fuck about your pain.  No they will not empty your
fucking bladder.   Maybe Dieter will, but I fucking doubt it.   Suffer." he said
angrily and walked out of the room taking Pat with him.

"Up you get Harold." Pete ordered.

"We have to get you packed and crated for shipping."

Packed and crated, that was me.  A piece of property being moved from one
building to another.   Not taken out and driven like you would a man or even
your dog.   No, they were going to pack me and crate me for fucking shipping.

A moment later the cell room door opened and Jake the guy I had seen yesterday
at the loading dock, looked in.

"This were you want the box Pete?" he asked.

"Ya, just bring it on in, Jake."  Pete replied.

A crate just big enough for a man all folded up in a fetal position  was pushed
into the room on a cart.   Jake pushed it to the centre of the room.  He and the
guys talked quietly for a moment then he left.

Larry walked to the crate and lifted the top off.   He unfastened something and
lifted one of the sides up and off.

"Get over here Harold."  Larry commanded.

It was useless to argue so to avoid any further trouble I made my way over on
very shaky, rubbery legs.

Pete made me hold out my wrists while he applied leather cuffs.   He then bent
down and applied leather cuffs to my ankles as well.

Pete ordered me to open my mouth and a large foam ball was forced in.   Once it
was in I had to close my lips tight and Pete taped them closed.   The foam ball
was not light foam it was a very heavy foam and it soon forced my jaws wide
apart.   It was terribly uncomfortable.

I was then ordered to get in the box and sit down.   I was surprised to see that
the insides had molded Styrofoam, contoured for a man in a fetal position.   I
had to squeeze myself in.   It was a little difficult because my ass had to slid
down into a kind of well, and my legs rested on top.   Once I was seated
properly, they each grasped a wrist and padlocked it to an ankle.   Another
large piece of molded Styrofoam was placed on top of me, effectively coccooning
me inside the Styrofoam.   There was a large hole above my face to facilitate
breathing.

The side of the crate was then reinstalled and the top placed on and I heard
screws being driven in with an electric screw driver.

A few minutes later the box was being moved.   It seemed to take forever before
it stopped  for a moment then started moving again.   Then it stopped.   I heard
Pete talking to someone, but it was very difficult to make out what was being
said.   The Styrofoam acted as sound proofing.

The crate move a few more feet and stopped again.   All became quiet.   It
seemed like hours before the crate was moved again.   I was in terrible pain. 
This was not a good position for someone that had a full bladder, to be in.

My bladderbecame a constant burning pain, interrupted by severe cramping every 5
to 10 minutes.    The waiting for something to happen was interminable.  I
cried, I moaned, I prayed.  I knew the prayers wouldn't help, but I said them
anyway.

After what had to be at least an hour, there were a couple of bumps then I felt
the crate being lifted.   It was carried, probably by a couple of guys a very
short distance and then it was just dropped.   The force of that dropped caused
extreme cramping in my gut.   I tried screaming but all that came out through
the foam ball jammed in my mouth were moans that sounded more like moans of
pleasure then moans of pain.

I heard a door being slammed and a few moments later the vehicle engine started
and the truck started moving.   It must have been a fairly large truck, because
I felt every single little tiny stone that it ran over on that fucking road.   
Each one felt like we had driven over a fucking bolder.   My guts were really on
fire now and I was beginning to feel like I might puke again.

I big wave of fear shot through me.   If I were to puke now, I would suffocate
in just a few moments.   All Master fucking Dieter would find to torture would
be a dead body.   I instantly focused all my attention on not puking.   Master
Dieter or no Master Dieter, I did not want to suffocate in my own puke.

I was spared that fate as I managed to get my roiling stomach to settle down.  
Now the fucking bladder pain was even worse then before.   I just couldn't win.

The truck stopped and then began to back up.   It came to a stop and the door
was opened immediately.   My crate was man handled to the door and whoever was
doing the man handling didn't give a fuck for the contents.   Each fucking time
he banged it down or twisted it, sharp pains shot through my guts.

Then the crate was lifted up and carried a short distance.   Again instead of
being placed down it was just dropped.  The jar this time was just too great.  
The pain that surged through my guts was beyond my ability to endure and I
passed into blessed unconsciousness.

When I awoke I was laying on a floor in a cell.   I was fastened to the floor
spread eagle.  The pain in my bladder was gone and for the first time since
awaking this morning I felt almost human again.

Having puked up my garbage breakfast this morning and having puked up my lunch
yesterday while smelling Killers ass, I was starving.   Well what could I
expect, get rid of one pain only to replace it with another.  

I lay there for what seemed like forever, hunger pains knawing at my guts.   I
finally heard someone entering the area where I was being held.

"Ah, it has revived.   Master will be most pleased." I heard a voice say.

I could not say anything, the gag was still firmly in place.  Instead I craned
my neck trying to see who had just said those words.   I don't know where he was
but I missed him completely.   He left the room and I was alone again.  But not
for long.

The door smashed open and the metallic click of someone with metal clips on
their boots walked straight towards me.   Suddenly there he was, standing above
my head looking down.

My first look at Master Dieter was one of great, shuddering fear.    He looked
like evil personified.  He wore a black hood that only revealed a slightly
hooked, but long nose, sunken cheeks and a sharp pointed mouth and chin. I
didn't get to see any more of him at that viewing because he suddenly hawked up,
bent over and spit in my eyes.

It was a big gob and hit square on the nose ridge between my eyes, splitting in
half, with each half running into an eye and effectively blinding me.

He gave a great evil laugh, a laugh I was going to get to know only to well in
the next two days.

"The little fucking worm is awake and ready to learn how to be a slave, Dickie."
he said to someone.

"Yes Master." came an answer, I presumed from Dickie.

"Get the catheter out of it's dick and put on a proper cock ring.   I want it
strung up in the punishment room, with it's heels one inch off the ground.   We
will see how it likes standing on the pads of it's feet for a few hours." he
ordered

"I also want a 50 LB weight hung from it's nuts and 20 lbs. from each nipple. 
Then leave it in the dark for two hours.   Notify me when the two hours is up."
he further ordered Dickie.

"Yes Master, your wish is my command, Master Dieter, Sir."  he said, as the
Master turned and left.

The spit had drained away from my eyes and I was able to focus again, just as
the Master disappeared.

Dickie came around into my view.  He was about 5' 8" or 5' 9" and must have
weighed in at around 200 lbs.   He was very muscular which led me to believe he
was involved in some kind of regular body training program.

He also wore a black hood that only permitted his nose and lower face to be
seen.   The eye holes revealed two very dark brown eyes.   He wore a black vest
that was cut to reveal the chest area, but came together and fastened at the
navel.

He wore a pair of black leather pants with the crotch cut out and had a black
leather pouch covering his tool.   He was very well endowed judging by how he
filled out the pouch.   On his feet he wore a pair of high sided boots that had
been highly shined.

Dickie wasted no time.   He bent over and began unfastening the leather cock
ring that held the catheter in place.   He was not gentle.    Once it was undone
he just gave the catheter a jerk and pulled it straight out.    It felt like he
was tearing the insides of my dick out with it and I gave a cry of pain, which
probably came out as a grunt, through the gag.   He just looked at me and
laughed.

I had no doubt that this Dickie character was as sadistic as his Master.   I
could see in his eyes that my pain had brought him pleasure.

"I am going to undo your bonds.  If you so much as move a finger without me
telling you to, I will break both your fucking wrists.   I would not advise you
testing to see if I can or not." he said with a big smile, almost trying to
convince me to go ahead and do something stupid.

I was so scared now,  I made up my mind that I would do exactly what I was told
for the next two days.   These guys were crazy and they would hurt me seriously
if I did not obey.   My only hope was that I would survive and leave this horror
hole in one piece.

After he had my bonds undone he ordered me to stand and place my hands behind my
head.  Then he warned me that under no circumstance was I to move them until
given permission.  I obeyed immediately. 

The he ordered me to spread my legs.  I shifted them apart, but he wasn't
satisfied and called for more.   I obeyed, they were spread pretty wide now and
it was getting difficult to maintain my balance.

"Not fucking far enough asshole." he yelled.

"Spread those fucking legs or I start breaking some fucking bones."

Terrified of this crazy bastard I continued to spread my legs.  My cock and
balls were only about two feet off the ground now and I was having a hell of a
job trying to keep my balance.

"That's better shithead.  Now just stay like that until I give you permission to
get back up."  he ordered and then turned around and walked away.

I heard him leave the room.    I was in a really difficult position.    It was
very hard to maintain my balance and at the same time it was creating a terrible
stretching of my leg muscles.   They were feeling like they might start
cramping.  

If my legs began to cramp I would be in really serious trouble.   I might fall
and that would cause me to have to move my hands from behind my head to catch
myself.   I was also ordered to maintain this position.   How the fuck was I
going to be able to do that if my legs cramped up.   My fear just grew and grew.

He was gone for a good fifteen minutes or more.  I was just starting to get a
bit of a cramp in my right foot when Dickie finally returned.

"Alright come along with me." he ordered.

Well now, I found I had a new problem.   I could not obey him.   I was totally
incapable of drawing my legs back together.   I tried and tried but they
wouldn't move.  I was beginning to panic.

"I said come along pukeface." he yelled.

I couldn't tell him that my legs wouldn't respond, the gag was still in place. 
I was sweating like a stuffed fish.   But it was useless my legs refused to
respond.

I could see Dickie getting angry because I had not started to move yet.  Any
moment he was going to come and start breaking my bones.   Tears of fear and
frustration arose in my eyes.

I was saved by my foot.  That little cramp suddenly turned into a very sharp
pain which caused me to topple over.  I saw Dickie looking at me and remembered
that he had not given permission for me to lower my arms.

As I went down I kept my fingers locked together behind my head, but brought my
elbows forward.   I then let myself go into a role as I fell.    I hit the floor
under complete control and did not hurt myself at all.

"If your finished playing fucking games, asshole, I am waiting." he said with a
smile.

I quickly got myself up to my feet and followed him.   My leg muscles were
scream stop, stop, but my fear of Dickie kept saying go, go.  I managed to keep
my hands still firmly locked behind my head the whole time.

He walked down a wide, brightly lit hallway.   We passed a half dozen doors 
before he finally opened one and motioned me to proceed him in.

It was a fairly large room with all kinds of weird stuff.   There were saw
horses, tumbling horses, benches of all sizes, shapes and descriptions, spaced
around the room.   From the ceiling hung chains, they were everywhere,  the
ceiling was quite high, maybe 20 feet or more.   They would be able to haul a
victim pretty high up off the floor.  The thought sent shivers down my spine.

Up against the wall straight ahead of us as we entered the room were two
contraptions, on the left a large T frame on the right a large X frame.   I
wasn't really sure what they would be used for but it looked suspiciously like I
might end up fastened to them so they could beat me.   I shook some more.

Along the left wall were more contraptions of which it is almost impossible to
describe never mind trying to figure out what the hell kind of pain they would
inflict.   One however was a large round tub that stood about 3 feet off the
floor and it was full of hot water, I could see the steam rising.  More shivers.

Along the right wall were all kinds of different wooden scaffolding things. 
Again I really didn't know what they were or how they were used.   But they sure
didn't look pleasant.

Dickie led me to the centre of the room and pulled a little black box out of the
pocket of his black leather vest.    He pushed some buttons and  two chains
started to lower from the ceiling.

When they were low enough he grabbed my left wrist and attached the ring on my
cuff to the chain.   Then he did the same with the right wrist.   He had me
spread my legs so my feet were about two feet apart.

On the outside of each foot there were four inch square metal plates flush with
the floor surface.   They fit so well I hadn't even noticed them until now.  

He lifted the plate off the left one and brought out a chain which he attached
to the cuff at my ankle.   There was some kind of motor device attached to the
chain because he pushed something in the hole and the chain retracted taking up
the slack from the chain.   When it was just tight enough that I wouldn't be
able to close my legs he let go of the button or whatever.   Then he did the
other ankle.

He stood up and pushed a button on his hand held device and the chains fastened
to my wrists began to lift and separate, pulling out to either side.   He kept
the chains retracting until my heels just lifted off the floor.  He went down on
his hands and knees to check how far.   My full weight was now resting on just
the front pad and toes of my feet.   He seemed to be satisfied, because he
pushed some more buttons then put the device in his pocket.

I was not in any pain but this certainly was not a comfortable position to be
in.  I had a terrible feeling that before long the pads of my feet were going to
be aching horribly.   The Master had said I would have to stay like this for two
hours.

Dickie had gone somewhere behind me.   I could not get turned around enough to
see what he was doing, but I could hear him opening doors and pulling things
out.

I heard a cart being pushed and soon he reappeared pushing a small cart with the
instruments of torture upon it.   He stopped the cart right in front of me.

"Every had any weights hung from your nuts?" he asked.

I nodded assent, the gag wouldn't let me speak.

"Well hope for your sake they were heavy cause the Master has ordered 50 lbs.
for you.   That is a lot of weight to carry for ten minutes never mind 2 hours.  
I think your in for a little pain there asshole."  he said with a big smile.

He squatted down and took a small silver coloured ring from the tray.   I
couldn't see what he was doing but I sure could feel it.   He pushed each of my
nuts, one at a time through the ring.   Then he forced my flaccid cock through. 
He was none to gentle and he was causing me a lot of pain.   It was a very tight
fit, my cock felt like it was being torn off.

Finally he had it on and pushed it up tight to the root of my dick and balls. 
My dick was still burning a bit from his manhandling them.

Next he took a little black leather jacket off the tray.   It looked exactly
like the ones Larry and Pete had used on me.  He quickly fastened it around my
nuts.   As with the one Pete had used, this one had four straps hanging down to
ensure an even distribution of the weight.

He then picked up a large leather bag affair, he had to use both hands to get it
off the cart.   I realized that this was the weight and knew that I was going to
be in a world of hurt in just a few seconds.

Dickie bent down again and I could feel him doing things, a few seconds later I
saw stars and began to scream through my gag.   My nuts felt like they were
being squashed by a giant hand.   Even the pull yesterday of over a hundred
pounds had not felt this bad.

I just kept screaming and screaming.   The pain seemed to get worse and worse
with each second.    Stars were flying all around my eyes.   Two fucking hours,
I was going to have to endure this pain, two fucking hours.   Please somebody,
just fucking shoot me, please I screamed behind my gag.

Dickie just stood back and enjoyed my agony.   When I was finally able to focus
again I could see that he had a raging hard on.   His pouch was tented out
around 9 inches.   He was just standing there breathing hard as he watched the
agony coursing through me.

The pain was still intense, but my vision had cleared.  I figured any moment now
I would pass into that blessed blackness where pain did not exist.    I must
have been hoping  again, because it didn't happen.

He stood there enjoying my pain for a good ten minutes or more before he finally
moved.

"Well now shithead are you ready to get your nipples stretched?" he said with a
laugh.

He picked up a weird looking gadget from the tray, it looked like a small C
clamp but it was different.   He held it up for me to see.   The part that
screwed it closed had a pin in place of the flat clamp head of a C clamp.  The
pin was pointed at the open end and coned back to about an  eight of an inch in
diameter.

The part where this would press against instead of being solid, had a hole
exactly the right size for the pin.    It was obvious what this thing was
supposed to do.   He was going to clamp it onto my nipple.   It would pierce the
nipple and therefore would not slip off.  It might tear off, but it sure as hell
wouldn't slip.

I tried to beg him not to do this, but begging is next to impossible with a gag
over your mouth.   He placed the thumb and forefinger of his left hand on my
right nipple and started tweaking it gently.    He then reached in and licked it
with his tongue.   In just a few seconds he had it standing straight out.   He
grasped the nipple again in his fingers and pulled.  He placed the clamp so the
pin would drive through the aureole.   

I felt that pin piercing into the nipple and screamed out my pain, but he kept
turning it slowly.   The pain shooting across my right pec was indescribable.  
I finally felt the pin break through, but he kept turning I looked down and saw
that the nipple was beginning to compress, that is when he finally stopped
turning.

I was gasping and crying from the pain that was still shooting through my pec.

"Doesn't that feel nice, asshole." he chided.

He then took the other nipple in his fingers an tweaked.   Then his tongue
again.  How could my fucking nipple respond so well and stick out sot straight,
knowing what was going to happen?

He placed the clamp and had himself a wonderful time causing me more agony.  But
the real pain was yet to come.  I had forgotten about the weights.

Funny, or maybe it is not so funny, thing about the nipples, if you cause severe
pain to one of the little buggers, they get back at you by spreading that pain
completely across the entire pec.   Both of my pecs felt like they were being
torn out by the roots.   The pain reached all the way to the underarms where the
pain seemed to travel down the inside of the arm.

Of course for a good 5 or 10 minutes I could do nothing but scream out my agony
and try to get out of my bonds, which was impossible.   This in turn caused
quite a bit of chaffing to my wrists and ankles.   However I wouldn't find that
out for a while yet.   The pain in my chest combined with the pain in my nuts
obliterated all other feelings.

The pain across my pecs finally started to fade to a dull ache in my nipples.  
I had stopped screaming and now just moaned a bit in my misery.

"Pain is leaving is it asshole?"  Dickie said with a wicked grin on the part of
his face that was visible below the mask.

"We can't have that, now can we?" he asked rhetorically as he turned and picked
up a stainless steel ball about 5 inches in diameter.

A stainless steel chain about 10 inches long was attached to the top of the
ball.  He held the ball up by the chain and let it swing back and forth in front
of my still tearing eyes.

"Ten pounds of steel, shitface.   Your gonna get two for each nipple.   Think
the nipple clamps were painful?  Wait till I drop these babies." he said with a
great laugh.

He quickly connected the loose end of the chain to the clamp on my right nipple. 
He then held the ball even with the nipple.

My  eyes pleaded with him not to drop it. However, he just continued to laugh
and I started screaming as I watched the ball roll off the palm of his hand.

When the ball hit the bottom of its fall the chain took up the slack and tried
to pull my fucking nipple off.   The pain in my pec that had receded to a dull
ache was now back in full force, but even worse than before.

The pain was so incredibly agonizing that I couldn't even scream, I was too busy
trying to breath, large gasping breaths through my nose.  My arms and legs were
yanking uncontrollably at their bonds.   I had to escape, I had to get away from
this incredible pain.   But there was no escape.

I was so overwhelmed with the pain that I didn't even notice as he attached a
ball to my right nipple.    When it hit the end of the chain after he dropped it
I noticed it alright.  At that moment, if I had not been gagged I would have
been begging him to snuff me.   I would rather have been dead than go through
this agony.

The pain seemed to go on and on and on.  The balls were swinging from side to
side and even banged into each other a couple of times.

When the pain finally began to ease off my vision cleared and Dickie was
standing in front of me a stupid grin on his evil face.   There was another guy
standing behind him.

I was then stunned to see the guy behind Dickie was masturbating him.   He had
his arms around Dickie and his right hand was stroking Dickie's huge 9 in cut
dick, in a steady rhythm, while his left hand rubbed and played with Dickie's
nipples.

The sight caused me to momentarily forget about the pain I was suffering.  I
took it all in and found it almost impossible to believe.

"Ah the fuckface needs more weight sweetie." he said looking over his shoulder
at the guy behind him. 

He moved over and picked up the two remaining weights from the cart and then
moved towards me.   The guy wanking him never missed a beat as he followed
everyone of Dickie's movements.

He attached both chain ends, one to each nipple.   Then he held the balls up
even with the nipple.

"Come on Sweetie, wank daddies cock.  Make daddy cum, you fucking shit faced
faggot." he sneered at the guy he was calling Sweetie.

Then he let the balls drop.   The pain was worse than before.   My world turned
to a red haze of pure agony.   I know I was screaming, I could hear the sound
travelling up my throat and into my nose.   The mouth was still gagged and it
had to go somewhere.

My pecs were being torn off, my arms felt like red hot rods were being shoved
under the skin.  The pain climbed higher and higher and then blessed blackness.

I don't know how long I was in that black void, all safe and at peace with the
world.   I only know I wasn't there long enough.   I awoke to a chest on fire
and a set of balls that felt like they were being crushed.

I was still in blackness but there was no peace, no safety.    I was still
hanging from the chains and my ankles were still secured to the floor.    My
calf muscles had now joined my nuts and pecs in their competition for the title
of, Pain of the Year. 

The pads of my feet, which had been supporting my weight since I was strung up
were uncomfortable, but not causing any pain at the moment.

Being in such pain, and being forcefully immobilized in a dark room, plays games
with your head.   They had not removed the gag so I was still breathing rather
heavily through my nostrils and they had dried out, causing more discomfort.

Through the pain I tried to assess my situation.   I remember Master Dieter had
told Dickie that I was to hang for 2 hours.   How long had I been hanging, I
wondered.   By the feel of my body it had been more than two hours.   However, I
had a feeling that when Dieter said 2 hours, he meant 2 hours and that I would
be visited at that time exactly.

The time passed slowly and I just hung there and suffered.   I was beginning to
think they would never come back.  Time can play tricks on a trapped mind and
body. 

The pad of my left foot started to shoot a pain up my leg so I tried to shift my
weight around to relieve the pressure.   That was a big mistake.   The 50 LB
weight attached to my nuts started to swing as did the four 10 LB weights
attached to my nipples.    The pain started shooting all through my body again. 

I was screaming through my gag in complete agony when the over head lights came
on.   A door opened and I heard that same metallic click of boots heading my
way, from behind.   I was in just too much pain to even be curious.  I was too
busy screaming in my gag.

Through a red haze that had formed in front of my eyes I could just make out
Dieter standing in front of me.   I thought he might be saying something, but I
was screaming my agony so loud behind the gag that I couldn't hear him, nor
could I stop screaming.

Suddenly the gag was removed and my screams filled the room.    They just kept
coming, I had no control.   For the first time since I had been packed in that
fucking crate back at Charlie's place, I was able to take a deep breath of air.

The weights finally stopped swinging and the pain slowly started to ease off. 
Dieter was still babbling away but I was still unable to catch the words. 

The crushing weight on my nuts was suddenly lifted.   There was a sudden jolt of
severe pain and then it was gone.   My nuts were aching, but the pain was
tolerable.

Then the weights on my nipples were lifted as well.   Again a sudden jolt
through each nipple and pec, then just a dull ache.

I stopped screaming and moaning and opened my eyes.  The read haze had lifted
and I could see Dieter standing to one side as Dickie placed the ball weights on
the tray.

Dickie back away and Dieter came forward.

"Did you find that a little painful, Harold?" he asked softly.

Catching my breath I answered as respectfully as I could.

"Yes Sir, Master Dieter, Sir.   It was very painful, Sir."

"You have not been a good slave, Harold.   Master Charlie is very, very upset
with you.   He tells me you hold out such great promise to be a good slave, but
you keep fighting it."  he still spoke softly and now shook his head sadly.

"That is not good, Harold.   You are now a slave, there is not a thing you can
do to change that, so you are just going to have to learn to like it." he paused
and looked deep into my eyes.

"Master Charlie wants to keep you, however he has indicated to me that if I
fail, you will be sent to the Parts Farm." he paused again.

"Do you know what the Parts Farm is Harold?" he asked.

"No Sir, Master Dieter, Sir." I answered.  I had begun shaking again.

"Well Harold it is a place where they take healthy young men like you and keep
them until someone with lots of money needs a body part.   If you meet all the
requirements for a particular customer, then that part of your body is sold to
the individual.  It could be your heart, your lungs, even an arm or leg.   The
lucky ones are the ones that have their hearts taken first, they don't have to
live through the horror of having themselves dismembered a piece at time." he
said sadly.

"Now I am sure you would not want to go there would you, Harold?"

"No, Sir, Master Dieter, Sir.  I don't want to go there, Sir." I answered with
tears now falling down my cheeks in a profusion.

I was totally terrified.

"Well Harold, your only chance of avoiding the Parts Farm, is this two days of
training.   I have never failed to succeed in training a slave to obey
explicitly.  However, I have never tried to do it in such a short time frame.  
Master Charlie was very adamant though, you will be trained in two days or you
go to the Parts Farm."  he let this info sink in.

"I will now try everything in my power to save your life, Harold.   Everything
that happens from this moment, until you leave here and go back to Master
Charlie has only that aim, to save your life."

He was looking deep in my eyes and I could see that he believed every word he
said.   All I could think of was that he was as big an asshole as Charlie.   He
was just looking for any excuse, no matter how flimsy, to justify in his own
mind torturing me.

"From this moment, until Master Charlie decides differently you loose your name
again.   If we decided to call you by a name it will be, Dink.   You also loose
your humanity and will always be referred to as it." he then walked away and
snapped his fingers.

Dieter sprung forward, bent down and unfastened my ankles.   He then stood up,
retrieved that remote device from his pocket and lowered me down.    My wrists
were then unfastened from the chains.

My knees were rubbery and I had trouble standing on my own.   But I was not
offered any assistance.  My balls were on fire, and I had to keep my legs
slightly apart to prevent them from knocking against my thighs.

"It will get down on it's hands and knees and will crawl to me.   It will lick
the floor the whole way.   Dickie will watch it closely to make sure It licks
the floor completely.   Failure to meet Dickie's very high standards of floor
licking will result in a very severe punishment.  We will nail It's tongue to a
two by four ten inches long and It will then be forced to run on the spot for 1
hour."   Dieter ordered.

I dropped to my knees.   The punishment chased away any inhibitions I might have
had about licking that dirty floor, and it was dirty.   I got my head right down
and licked as if my life depended on it.   Dickie got down beside me and watch
very closely.

It must have taken me a good half hour to make my way to Dieter.   There was no
way I was going to give them any excuse to nail my tongue to a board.   My mouth
was full of grit and other dirty fucking shit from the floor, but I made no
complaint when I reached Dieter.

I got up on my knees and kept my head bowed, staring at the floor.   Trying to
be as subservient as I could.   The lessons that Pete and Larry had taught me
came back real quick.

"How did it do, Dickie?" Dieter asked.

"Master Dieter, Sir, it was not the best floor licking I have ever seen, not
even one of the best." Dickie said.

My heart sank.  The mother fucker was going to tell Dieter I did a lousy job
just so he could enjoy watching me get my tongue nailed to a board.   Tears
welled up in my eyes and started dripping down my cheeks, but I kept my head
bowed.

"However, it did a pretty good job for a first timer, Sir." Dickie said.

I wanted to grab the man and give him a great big hug and kiss, but didn't dare
move.   I also let out a big sigh of relief.

"There may be hope for It yet." he said.

"Take It to It's cage and feed it Dickie.   We will let It get some rest and
then start the training in earnest first thing in the morning.  Have if fed and
watered by 7am, then get it into the punishment room." Master Dieter instructed
Dickie.

"Yes Sir." Dickie answered.

Dieter turned and left the room.   I could hear the click, click of his boots as
he walked down the hallway.

"It will follow me, but will stay on It's hands and knees.   It will keep up and
not fall behind." Dickie ordered as he opened the door and stepped out.  

The door started to shut but he made no effort to stop it.  It caught me on the
shoulder and knocked me over.  Dickie did not stop, he kept walking at a fairly
quick clip down the hall.

 
My shoulder hurt like hell from the blow by the door.   But, I got myself up and
started crawling as fast as I could to catch up.   My nuts were being banged and
squished between my legs and the pain was terrible.   As well the nipple clamps,
which had not been taken off, were now causing more serious pain across my pec's
as I tried using my arms for legs.

Dickie was, way and the fuck down the hall. I was not catching up to him.   It
just was not possible.   Then to make matters worse, I came to a section of the
hall where the cement floor had recently been torn up and was in rough
condition.   This played hell with my knees.

Suddenly Dickie was gone.   I had been looking down trying to pick my way
through the rough parts of the floor.   When I looked up he was gone.  Terror
was beginning to build up in me again.  These guys didn't fool around.  Dickie
had ordered me to keep up and I had failed.   I was sure I would now be punished
for failing.

The rough part of the floor finally ended and I tried to speed up again.   But
that was impossible.   My knees had been badly cut on the rough stuff and now
every step was agony.

I crawled to the point where I believed I had last seen Dickie.  There were no
doors, no branching hall ways.  Nothing.   What the fuck to do.  I decided to do
what you are warned to do if you become lost in the bush.  Sit down and stay the
fuck where you are.   Searchers can not find you if you are roaming all over the
fucking place.   So I sat.   Dickie would come looking for me, that was a
certainty.

The moment my ass hit the floor, I heard Dickie bellow.

"It will get It's fucking ass down here right fucking now."

There what did I tell you, he found me.  I got up and made my way to him.   He
held the door open for me this time.

I entered a rather small room.   It couldn't have been more than 12ft x 12ft. 
Smack dab in the centre of the room was a small cage, just big enough for
someone my size to sit in.  It had a door facing me as I entered the room and
Dickie told me to crawl right in.

Once I was in he had me turn around and sit down with my legs folded up almost
completely to my chest.  He then closed the door, pulled a lever which snapped
three hooks from the side of the cage to grip around the edge of the door.  I
watched as he then placed a padlock through some eyes on the lever and clicked
it closed.   I assumed the padlock would prevent the hooks from being opened.

Without a word Dickie left the room and was gone for the longest time.   I was
very hungry and also extremely tired.   I closed my eyes and soon fell asleep. 
I don't know how long I slept, but agonizing pain in my left nipple woke me
pretty damned quick.  

Dickie had hold of the nipple clamp and was twisting it around.   I screamed and
begged him to stop.

"It does not do anything without permission.   I did not give It permission to
sleep when I left, did I?"

"No Sir. You did not give me permission." I gasped through my agony.

Dickie let go of that clamp but then grabbed the other one and twisted it just a
viciously.

"It will not refer to It as, me or I.  It is not human and therefore may not use
human terms to describe Itself.   Does It understand?" he growled twisting the
clamp again for emphasis.

"It understands, Sir." I screamed out my agony.  "It understands, Sir.  Please,
no more pain.  It will obey, Sir.   It is sorry, Sir. Please."  I cried and
humbled myself.

He let go of the clamp and stood up.   He had a cart beside him, from which he
took a small bowl and placed it on the floor.   He then took a bottle and
fastened it to the top of the cage upside down.   It had a half inch hose
connected to the lid and a clamp prevented the yellow liquid from escaping when
he turned the bottle over to connect it to the cage.

The other end of the hose had a black plastic piece shaped like a nipple.   It
had what looked like a ball bearing in the centre of the nipple part.  He
attached this to the side bars of the cage, within reach of my face.

He then opened a small hatch in the side of the cage and passed the small bowl
into me.   It contained small cubes.

"That's dinner.   Be sure to chew them real good or It will have trouble
digesting them and will then end up with stomach cramps.   The bottle contains
what we call Dieter Pilsen.   It will drink it all before I return again.   It
drinks by placing It's lips on this plastic nipple.  Push the bearing in with
It's tongue and suck."  he gave me a big smile when he saw the revulsion on my
face.

"I will return before bed time to refill the bottle.   While It is here It will
get nothing but those cubes, that we call Manna, and Dieter Pilsen to eat and
drink.   Failure of an animal to consume It's food and drink will result in 
severe punishment."  he was enjoying telling me this.

"Oh, and one last little thought.   Those pellets, they are made right here by
our slaves.   They contain everything an animal needs to maintain good
nutrition.   However they are not produced under what you might call hygienic
conditions.   It could contain just about anything.   I hear the area where they
make it is just full of mice and rats." he said this with sadistic glee, as he
watched my face turn green.

"Enjoy your dinner." he got up laughing like this was the greatest joke he had
ever heard.   He was still laughing uproariously as the door closed behind him.

I was revolted and stunned.   Garbage was one thing, even piss to a certain
degree, I was fairly certain that Dieter Pilsen was piss, I could handle, but to
eat something that might contain mouse and rat droppings, or even mice or rats.  
I was feeling terribly green over this and couldn't even attempt to put any of
it in my fucking mouth....yet.

Then I tried rationalizing.   Dickie had only said that about the mice and rats
to turn me off.   There is no way they would take a chance contaminating the
food.   It could cause serious illness and I was sure they didn't want that.  
Did they?

I tried a few times to put some in my mouth, but each time, the thought would
come back, what if he wasn't lying?  My revulsion would win and I dropped them
back into the bowl.   I was starving and I was also very thirsty, but I just
couldn't bring myself to consume any of this possibly contaminated food.

Eventually I gave up even trying and placed the bowl on the floor between my
legs and just cried softly to myself.   What the fuck was going to become of me.  
Was I going to end up at the fucking Parts Farm.   Held in a cage, waiting for
the bastards to come and take away a part of my body to sell to some old rich
bastard?

I had never been much of a praying man, I mean real prayers, to God.   But I
started at that moment.   I opened my heart and prayed for all I was worth.

I was lost in those prayers when the room door opened and Dickie came back in.  
It had been quite a while, probably a couple of hours.   I had not drank any of
the piss, nor had I touched the food.

"Oh dear, oh dear.   I think It is in a considerable amount of trouble.   It was
told to have all the pilsen drunk, but it doesn't look like It even sipped a
little."  Dickie said, shaking his head sadly.

"It can not drink that, Sir.  It is not healthy, nor can It eat food that has
been contaminated by rodents.   That is very unhealthy and could damage the
slaves body and make It useless for the Master."  I tried bluffing my way
through.

"Is that so?" he answered in an irritating tone.

"Well I have news for It.   It is even more unhealthy not to obey orders."  he
said as he bent down and opened the little hatch.

"Pass the bowl through to me." he ordered.

I picked it up and passed it to him.   He then clamped the hose leading to the
bottle and unfastened the plastic piece from the side of the cage.   Next he
removed the bottle and placed it beside the bowl.

"Does It remember what It was told would happen if It failed to consume It's
meal before my return?" he asked calmly.

"Yes, Sir.  You said It would be punished severely.  But Sir, It could not do
anything that would damage the Master's property, Sir."  I tried again, but
could see that was not going to work with Dickie.

He never said another word, just turned and left the room.   I was now beginning
to worry.   Maybe I should have forced my revulsion aside and ate that stuff. 
Surely they wouldn't force me to consume something that would make me sick?   I
was now thinking I had made a major mistake.

The door opened and Master Dieter entered.   He had a very angry look on his
face.   Now I knew for sure I had made a big mistake and was in deep shit.

"It refused to eat It's dinner, mumbling some kind of bullshit about getting
sick.  Well It is going to get sick, but it sure as hell won't be from the
fucking food." he said angrily.

He pulled a black stick out of the belt attached to his waist.   It was about
two foot long and about an inch or so in diameter.   It had a small handle and
trigger affair at the end he was holding.

He walked up to the cage and pushed the thing in until it was down around my
crotch and was resting on top of my flaccid dick.  I thought he was going to jab
it into me, but didn't dare move in case it made him angrier than he was
already.    I had no idea what that stick really was.

"When It is fed It will eat." he said and squeezed that trigger.

A jolt of pure pain traveled from my cock to every part of my body.   My arms
involuntarily flew out to the sides smashing into the side of the cage as did my
legs.   My head was thrown back and hit the cage behind me.

I was totally incapable of screaming, my throat muscles had seized.   I could
not even take a breath.    It was as though my whole body had suddenly become
paralyzed.    All that existed was the all consuming fire, in every part of my
being all at the same time.

The paralysis only lasted for a few moments and then the scream started.   He
let me scream for a few moments then stuck the thing against my cock again.   I
was incapable of pushing it away.  I looked up, my eyes meeting his  and pleaded
silently for mercy.

He pulled the trigger again.   There was at least a ten fold increase in the
pain.   My heart was now thumping wildly in my chest.   It felt like it was
going to tear itself out.    The bastard was going to kill me with electric
shocks.

It took even longer this time before the scream erupted from my parched lips.  
Then the gasping for air.   My entire body was again paralyzed.   I could not
move.   I watched in complete terror as he slowly brought that electric gun back
down, only this time he placed the tip on my chest.

He watched me, enjoying the terror he could see in my eyes.    I looked down at
that evil rod sitting on my chest, knowing now what it could do to me.   I
looked back up at him and managed to squeak out.

"It is sorry, Master, mercy."

Then I passed out.

When I awoke again, the Master was gone.    Dickie was sitting beside the cage.

"Ah, It returns to the land of the living." and he gave a little laugh.

The pain had pretty much subsided, all that remained was a strange feeling
throughout my system.   I shifted a bit, my backside was sore from being in the
same position too long.

"Is It hungry, yet."  Dickie asked with a grin on his evil fucking face.

I am not a fool.   I know when to give up.   I could not handle another go with
that stun gun or whatever the hell it was Dieter had used on me.

"Yes, Sir, It is hungry." I answered without any enthusiasm.

"You don't sound like your hungry.   Guess I better go tell the Master you still
don't want to eat." he said starting to get up.

"Please, please, Sir." I begged.  "It is hungry Sir.   It is very hungry.   Oh
yes Sir It will eat whatever It is given gladly, Sir." I was desperate.

"I don't believe It.   I think It is only saying that to avoid the, Prod.  No, I
had better go and tell the Master."  and he started for the door.

I was terrified now, my entire system was shaking with fear.

"Please, Sir.  I want to eat my dinner, Sir, I really do."  I cried, tears now
running down my cheeks as I desperately tried to keep him from going after the
Master.

He stopped and turned around.

"I think It is lying, however I will give It a chance to prove It really does
want to eat It's dinner." he said moving back and sitting down beside the cage.

I gave a little sigh of relief.   Whatever it took, whatever I had to say or do,
I would do it to avoid that, what did he call it.... yeah... the Prod.

"Does It really like to eat shit?" he asked.

Now I knew where this was going to go and I had no choice but to follow.  He was
going to force me to make humiliating statements even though they were not true. 
Humiliation may be bad, but that stun thingy was worse.

"Yes Sir, It likes to eat shit, Sir." I answered with as much enthusiasm as I
could muster.

"What kind of  shit does It like the most?" he continued to torment me.

"It likes brown shit more than any other, Sir." I answered feeling sick inside.

"Why?" he asked and broke into a big grin.

He had me right where he wanted me.   If I didn't give him good enough reasons
he could use that as an excuse to go get the Master and get me zapped again.

With tears streaming down my cheeks I tried to keep that from happening. 
Humiliating myself my answering his sick questions.

"Brown shit tastes wonderful, Dickie, Sir.   It has great, subtle flavors.  
It's mouth, waters just thinking about how good it is.    The way it sticks to
the teeth and coats the mouth with brown slime."  

As I talked my stomach started churning,  this was making me sick.   If I wasn't
careful I was going to start puking.   Though I didn't think much would come up,
there couldn't really be anything down there.

"What about the Dieter pilsen does It like  pilsen?"

"Sir, It has never had pilsen  but It is sure it would be like drinking the
nectar of the god's themselves.   Sweeter than honey." I answered.

He reached up and unlatched the hatch.  He then passed me the little bowl.   He
closed the hatch.

"Start munching." he ordered as he reached back for the bottle.

He reattached the bottle and the suction nipple.    With the only alternative
being another hit with that prod, I placed a few cubes in my mouth and started
chewing.   I expected it to taste bloody awful, but it had no taste at all, well
maybe a slight taste of flour.

The cubes were very hard and had to be chewed quite a bit to break them down.  
I was chewing a handful as Dickie reattached the bottle.

Once he did I was forced to start drinking whatever the Pilsen stuff was.   It
was very salty and left a bitter, after taste.   Dickie didn't show any sign of
leaving so I was unable to take a break from this horrible task.   With a sigh
of relief I finally managed to chew the last few pellets from the bowl and
washed the mess down with the last dregs from the bottle.

Dickie unscrewed the bottle and removed it from the holder.   He then left the
room.   I sat back in my little cage feeling bloody awful.

Dickie was back a few minutes later with the bottle.  It was full.   He screwed
the cap on then put the bottle back in the holder.

"It has have until morning to drink this.   When I leave I will be turning out
the lights.   It may sleep.   I will be back by 6 in the morning to provide feed
and water." he said again with that evil smile.

"Sir!" I said.

"What!"

"It has to pee Sir.  May It go to the toilet before going to sleep, Sir." I
asked.

"Sure, but It will do It in It's cage like all animals do." he said giving me
that evil grin and leaving.

As soon as the door closed, the lights went out.   I was alone, in the dark,
with a full bottle of pilsen to drink and a full bladder to release.

I tried to hold it and go to sleep, but my bladder was insistent.   How the hell
was I going to piss in here without getting it all over me and having to sleep
in it.   All I had was the small bowl my dinner came in.  But I was sure it
wouldn't be big enough.  

I just couldn't hold it any longer so I carefully felt around until I had the
bowl right under my dick.  I started the flow and was very careful to control
it.   From the sound the bowl was filling up much too fast.   I would be left
with my bladder still almost full.

Then the fucking over head light came on and Dickie entered the room.   It
happened so quickly I had no time to hide what I was doing.

"What the fuck is It doing?" he yelled.

Humiliated beyond belief to be caught like this.   I was totally flustered.

"It had to pee, Sir and all It had was the bowl."  tears were falling down my
fucking cheeks again.

"Typical fucking animal, pissing in It's own food bowl.   Wait until I tell the
Master what It has done." he said with a big grin.

"Please Sir."  I begged.  "Don't tell the Master Sir.   Please, It will do
anything for you Sir.  Anything, please Sir."

"Empty the fucking bowl." he ordered.

"Where Sir." I asked confused.

"Down It's fucking piggy throat, where the fuck else does It have to empty it."
he shouted.

Scared to death he would tell the Master, with shaking hands I picked up the
bowl of piss.  I couldn't hold it steady and it was splashing around a bit.  I
was going to actually drink this, oh man, what was  I being turned into?

I brought the bowl to my lips, my hands still shaking and dribbling the damned
stuff over my chest.    I took a sip, it was not exactly foul, but it was not
exactly palatable either.   I closed my eyes and tilted my head back and drank. 

"Did It completely empty It's bladder when It filled the bowl?" he demanded.

"No Sir, the bowl was too small, Sir." I answered.

"Well fill it up again and drink it.  It will keep doing that until It's bladder
is empty."

Ashamed, really needing relief and terrified that he would tell the Master, I
obeyed.  I filled the bowl three more times before my bladder emptied.  I didn't
much like drinking it, but what the fuck else was I going to do.  Let the
bastards zap me again, and then I would have to drink it any way.  I had to take
the road that was going to afford me the least amount of pain.

"The pig likes drinking It's own piss doesn't It." he said, not as a question
but as a demand that I answer yes.

"Yes Sir, It likes drinking It's own piss." I complied.

All the while he was forcing me to drink the piss, his dick had risen and was
tenting his pouch.   Once my bladder was empty he knelt beside the cage and
pulled back the pouch.  

"I bet It likes to suck cock too."

"Yes Sir It loves to suck cock." I answered moving my face over, close to the
bars.

He didn't waste a second.  He brought his cock up and placed the head in my
waiting mouth.  His cock felt great, I do indeed love the feel of a cock in my
mouth and I went to work on his.

I licked gently, teasingly all around the big purple head.   My tongue flicked
underneath the head eliciting moans from him.   The bars of the cage limited my
ability to suck that cock the way I would have liked.   I was restricted to only
being able to suck what he shoved between the bars.

I took the head in my mouth and then pushed my lips up to the bars, encouraging
him to fuck my face and get the hot rod as deep into my throat as he could
manage.   He got the hint and in a few moments he was fucking my face like there
was no tomorrow.

My own cock and risen and I grabbed it with my hand and start to wank in time to
his face fucking.   He was moaning loudly now, my tongue busy slurping all
around his rod as it pounded into my mouth pussy.

I felt tensing in his cock and knew he was going to explode any moment so
increased the pace of my wanking.   I wanted to cum with him.

A few seconds later he was unloading his hot man seed deep in my throat.   I
started swallowing as fast as I could manage.   My own cock had started
squirting and was shooting great ropes of cum up and through the bars.  

When he was drained I licked him as clean as I could manage.   I was full of
regret  when he pulled it away.   I wanted to keep licking and sucking on it.  
My hand was covered in my own cum so I licked it clean.

Dickie walked to the door put his hand on the handle, then turned to face me.

"Make sure you drink all that fucking pilsen in that bottle before morning or
you will be feeling the Prod again."  he opened the door and left.   A moment
later the lights went out.

The bottle of pilsen.  I put my lips on the nipple and my tongue pushed in the
bearing.   A luke warm liquid filled my mouth.   It was still salty, but it was
not quite so bitter as the last batch I had drunk from this bottle. 

The first thing I really noticed was that it didn't taste anything at all like
my piss had.   It tasted more like warm, salty water, that had a bitter after
taste.

Could it be that these guys were pulling my chains?   He had tried to make me
believe this was piss, but is sure didn't taste anything at all like mine had.   
It might be a bit salty and leave a bitter aftertaste, but it wasn't
unpalatable.   My piss was.

I sipped some more and decided that it was water that had been fucked around
with.    I also decided to leave the rest until morning, otherwise I would be
pissing in my little food bowl and drinking it all fucking night long.   Instead
I made myself as comfortable as possible and soon fell into a troubled sleep.

To be continued.

 This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare On Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 14

Punishment, Day 1, (morning).

The room was still in darkness when I awoke.   It took a few moments for me to
realize where I was.   There was one thing for sure, I hadn't been dreaming.  I
was in a cage, so I must be at Master Dieter's place.

Minor cramping in my gut kept reminding me that  I needed to have a bowel
movement.  I hoped someone would be along soon.

My mouth was dry and I was very thirsty.   That Pilsen crap didn't quench the
thirst it only made it worse.   I had not been permitted to brush my teeth so my
mouth had a terrible taste and my teeth were coated in goop.

My bladder was calling and I wondered whether they would allow me to piss in a
toilet or would I have to keep pissing in this little bowl and drinking the
damned stuff.   What about my bowl movement, surely they wouldn't expect me to
shit in the cage.   That would make a hell of a mess, not to mention the
accompanying smells.

Then I remembered the damned bottle of Pilsen, sitting above my head.     
Dickie had tried to convince me that it was piss.   He had succeeded until he
made me drink my own just before going to sleep last night.    I was now
uncertain, it may be nothing more than coloured water with salt and some kind of
bitters added, then again maybe it was piss.  I did not make a habit of going
around drinking piss so I really wasn't sure.

In any case I had to have it all drunk before Dickie appeared and I figured he
would be along soon.   I placed my lips on the plastic nipple, pressed the
bearing with my tongue and the now cold liquid, filled my mouth.  I drank until
the bottle was empty, sat back and grimaced from the bitter after taste.

It seemed like an hour or so went by before Dickie finally showed up.   My gut
was really cramping now.   I had to have a shit and wasn't going to be able to
hold it much longer.   As well, my bladder was not helping matters.   That
bottle of Pilsen I had drunk had not helped matters, I needed relief.    I was
really in a bad way.

The light went on and practically blinded me.   I had to close my eyes to let
them adjust to the light.  Dickie entered the room almost immediately after the
light went on.

"Ah, I see It is learning to obey." he said, as he unfastened the empty bottle.

"Has it emptied It's bladder yet?" he asked.

"No Sir, It has to have a bowel movement and was waiting to be taken to a
toilet, Sir." I answered carefully.

"It does not use toilets.   If It must have a bowel movement It will do it right
now." he ordered, that evil grin back on his face.

"But Sir, it would make a mess of the cage, Sir." I said worried that he really
meant it.

"Too fucking bad." he sneered, he really meant it.

He opened the side hatch and had me hand him my bowl.

"I am going to get It's food and drink.  It had better have had It's shit before
I get back or I will tell the Master It is not cooperating, and It knows what
that means."  he gave a little laugh as he headed out the door.

I could not move more than a few inches, so if I dumped my load where I sat it
would be all over my ass.  But there was nothing else I could do.   He had
warned me and I sure didn't want the fucking prod hitting my dick again.  
Sitting in my own shit for a while was much more preferable.

With no real options opened to me I pushed and started my dump.   I am one of
those that can not control my bladder while dumping.   As soon as I pushed, my
bladder opened and I pissed myself.   The warm liquid puddled around under my
ass and mixing with a mess of soft excrement which shot out under pressure.

A terrible stink filled the room.   I don't smell great at the best of times
when I crap, but at least the toilet bowl and water help to keep the smell down
a bit.   What came shooting out was very soft, almost like the runs.   The smell
was sickening.    I almost puked up my guts as my bowels kept shooting out load
after load of this runny foul stuff.  What the hell were they putting in the
food and drink?

I was very uncomfortable, as I waited for Dickie to return.   It was a
particularly hard job trying to hold my stomach down.   The bile kept rising.   
All I wanted was for Dickie to return and get me out of this stinking mess.  

He was gone for the longest time and the stink just seemed to get worse.   I
wanted out of this fucking cage and away from the mess under my ass a quickly as
possible.   I'll swear it was over an hour before he finally came back.   
Either I had finally got used to it or the smell had died down to an acceptable
limit.

The door opened and he stepped in.

"What the fuck has It been doing." he shouted.

"The fucking pig shit in It's cage.  Wait till I tell the Master.   He is not
going to be very happy at all." he bellowed.

"But you ordered me too." I said in self defense, terror creeping through me.

"Not only is It a pig, It also lies.   Well the Master will not listen to a
single lie that falls from the lips of a pig that shits in It's own cage." he
said with that evil smile on his face.

He walked over to the cage and opened the hatch.   He passed me the little bowl
and it was full of those cubes.   He closed the hatch and told me to eat.   He
then placed a full bottle of Pilsen on the top of the cage and got it connected
to the hose.

"I am going to get the Master so he can come and see for himself what a stinking
mess It has made.   I would suggest It have the Manna and all of this fresh
bottle of pilsen gone before he gets here or you will make him even madder than
he is going to be about the mess." and he gave a little laugh.

"Please Sir."  I begged with tears in my eyes.

"Don't do this, Sir.   Don't get the Master back to zap It, Please, It will do
anything you want, Sir.  Anything, but please, don't tell the Master."  I was
really pleading and crying now.

But it worked.   He had the door almost open, but turned and closed it.

"Ok, but this is conditional.   It will obey me completely for the next couple
of hours.   If It disobeys or hesitates  when given an order, I will tell  the
Master about this filthy mess It has made.  Does it agree to that condition? 
Total and complete obedience." he demanded.

"Yes Sir, Dickie Sir, It will obey all of your commands instantly, Sir.  It will
be obedient"  I quickly answered.

"Then It will finish It's breakfast.   I will be back in ten minutes." he said
as he turned and left the room.

I had been absolutely terrified that he would carry out his threat and tell the
Master that I had shit in the cage.   There was no doubt that he was going to
make my life miserable for the next two hours, but as far as I was concerned
nothing could be worse then that fucking  Prod.

I began chewing the cubes.   They are hard little bastards and took a lot of
chewing to break down.   Even sipping the yellow liquid, which was not quite so
salty this morning, didn't help to soften them down.   I only had ten minutes
and there was just no way I would be able to get all these cubes chewed before
he returned.

He had ordered me to finish them before his return and the last thing I wanted
was for him to think I had disobeyed.   So I only chewed enough to be able to
swallow, I know he had warned me to grind them up real good or they would cause
cramps, but fuck, I got cramps from the fucking things even when I did chew, so
what's the difference.  I ate as quickly as I could and was just sucking the
last of the liquid out of the bottle when he returned.

"Has It finished eating?" he asked.

"Yes Sir.   The Manna has all been eaten Sir."  I answered.

"Did It chew them up good?" he asked.

"It tried to Sir, but that would have taken too long and then It would not have
been obeying your order to be finished before you got back, Sir."  I answered.

"Does It remember that It was warned about what would happen if It did not chew
them up good?" he asked.

"Yes Sir.   It would suffer cramping, Sir."

"Well, if It didn't chew It's breakfast and It ends up with cramps later, It had
better not complain.   The Master would not be very happy.    If It gets cramps,
It had better suffer in silence." he warned.

"Yes Sir.   It will suffer in silence Sir." 

He came over and unlocked the padlock, pulled the lever and opened the cage
door.

"Out," he ordered,  "but stay on It's hands and knees.   It must never try to
get up and walk on two legs while It is here."

Getting out of the cage after 8 or 9 hours of confinement was much easier said
then done.  My knees had been bent up  fairly close to my chest the whole time.  
The thigh muscles protested when I tried to drop them too quickly.

I could not get my hands down to the floor at my sides in order to get some
leverage to push myself forward.  I worked on getting my legs bent to a 30
degree angle then grabbed the bars on each side and pulled.

I could feel my ass slide through the shit and the piss on the floor.    As soon
as I moved, another great stink arose in the room.   There was nothing I could
do so I just kept using my legs and pulling myself along with the bars.

When my sides were finally at the door and I could get my arms out I placed my
hands on the floor and lifted my body and swung it out.

"Stop fucking around." Dickie growled.

"I don't have all day to play fucking games with you."

I got my self over and up on my hands and knees.   My nuts touched my legs and I
almost doubled up from the pain.   I dropped my head and looked under myself to
where my nuts and dick were hanging down.  

I would have sworn at that moment that my nut sack had grown two or three
inches.   My nuts were hanging almost half way down my thigh.    The nuts
themselves were swollen to at least twice their normal size.

Crawling was a nightmare.    I had to be very careful not get my nuts caught
between my shifting thighs.    This meant keeping my legs spread as I crawled,
not exactly the easiest thing to do.

My pecs were no piece of heaven either.   Those clamps where still screwed on
tight.   My areolas had swollen and my tits looked weird.   As I crawled, pains
shot across each pec in turn with the motion of my arms.

Dickie of course was playing the part of, "Prick", right to the hilt.   He went
power walking down the hall, leaving me way behind.   It was physically
impossible, even without sore nuts to keep up with him.   I did my best and that
was all I could do.

Then I was up to that rough part of the hallway floor.   My knees were still cut
and sore from crossing it last night, but with no choice I moved ahead.

By the time I got to the end of the rough stuff, my knees were bleeding again
and aching terribly.   There was no sign of Dickie, I don't know where he
disappeared to.   I decided to continue on down the hall for a little bit
farther anyway.

He finally reappeared just up ahead.

"If It doesn't get a move on I am going to come and kick It's balls all up and
down this hall for the rest of the fucking day.  Now move it." he bellowed.

I was moving as fast as I could manage, fear gripped me.   If he decided to
start kicking me in the balls there would be nothing I could do to stop him.  
With my balls as sore as they were I wouldn't stay conscious for more than one
kick.   Well if that were to be my fate, then so be it.   I kept plodding along
at the fastest speed I could manage.

Dickie never bothered to follow through with his threat.   It was becoming
obvious that he would not follow through on all his threats.    The only
problem, I had no idea which ones he would follow through and which ones he
wouldn't.   I couldn't take any chances so would just have to always do my best
to obey.

As I reached him he held a door open for me and I crawled through into a large
men's room.  

Dickie walked over to a urinal.

"Get over here." he commanded.

I crawled over as quickly as I could.

"It will get up on It's knees and stand still." he said pointing to a spot close
to the wall and to the right of the urinal.

He moved up to the urinal.

"I have to take a leak, take my cock out and hold it while I piss.  When I am
finished give it a shake, then lick it clean and put it away in it's nice warm
pouch." he instructed.

Before I could lift my hand to obey the toilet door opened and three gorgeous
young men, about my age walked in.   They were all hunks, wearing business suits
and were chatting away.

They greeted Dickie and looked down at me as they talked to him.  Dickie's hand
gave me a slight slap to the face and I knew what he wanted.  I looked away from
the men and reached under his pouch and pulled out his flaccid dick.

I can not tell you how humiliating it is to be naked, on your knees before a
urinal holding another man's cock while he pisses and have a small group of men
in suits watching.

My cock began to rise almost immediately.   Just what I needed.  Holding
Dickie's cock wasn't shameful enough, I now had to advertise that I was turned
on doing it.

As soon as his dick was out and aimed he started a flow.  It was a strong flow
forming a clear hot stream into the urinal.  He stepped back just a bit and I
almost lost hold of his cock.

"The piggy will take a drink from the fountain." he ordered.

Ah fuck no.   Not in front of all these guys.   But I had sworn to him I would
obey all his orders so I bent forward and too a sip from his hot stream.

His pissed tasted almost identical to mine.   It was hot, slightly salty and
unpalatable.   But I took the fucking drink and moved back hoping he would be
satisfied with that.

"Well you have that pig nicely trained, Dickie.   Don't know how you do it in
such a short time.   Dieter said he only came in yesterday."  One of the suits
said.

"If you apply just the right amount of discipline at just the right moment, a
piggy will always respond.   Won't you piggy?" he said turning his eyes to look
down at me.

"Yes Master Dickie Sir." I answered and lowered my eyes to the ground.

The men laughed and walked up to the urinals.  When the flow stopped, I shook
Dickie's dick.   He stepped back slightly and got himself into a position where
the three suits would have a good view of me licking his dick clean.

With no choice and face red from all this humiliation I crawled to his dick and
licked and sucked it clean.   In the process I hit his buttons and his dick rose
up hard and throbbing.

"Fucking piggy piece of shit." he screamed pulling his dick out of my mouth.

"I did not order It to make my fucking dick hard....... Sonofabitch."

I just stood there shaking again.    I was only doing what he had ordered.   It
wasn't my fault if his cock gets hard when I lick it.   Now he was yelling at me
in front of these fucking guys.   They of course thought it was funny.

"I am sorry Master Dickie, Sir." I cried out, terrified he may use this as an
excuse to go get that fucking stun gun.

"I was just trying to do a good job of cleaning your cock, Sir."  tears were
rolling down my cheeks again.

"Has It been urinal trained yet, Dickie?" one of the suits asked.

"No, not yet.   This is It's first dick cleaning.   The fucking thing can't even
get that right." he answered.

"Well as punishment for disobedience, why not make it French kiss the urinal
rim.    We would love to see how it reacts to that."  the suit replied.

"Great idea.   It is new to this and finds it all revolting, so that should be
an excellent punishment.

My heart gave a thump and I took in a deep breath.   The bastard.   I took a
quick glance at the urinal rim.  There was dried piss all around the lip and
sides. 

"Kiss the rim of the urinal, piggy." he commanded.

Bile rose in my throat.   Shit no, I thought to myself as I started moving my
head towards the lip of the urinal.   There was no doubt in my mind that he
would call the Master if I didn't obey.  When my lips were close to the rim, I
kissed it.

"Does It call that a fucking kiss?   Get the fucking mouth open and the tongue
working.   Give that fucking urinal a kiss it will remember for all fucking
time." he yelled.

Fighting off a nausea that was growing in my gut I opened my mouth and began to
French kiss the rim of the urinal.   The taste was a hundred times worse than
the smell of stale urine.   The bile was rising quickly in my gorge, but I
fought it back down.   I could not afford to spew, he just might force me to eat
it.

Then the vile comments started.   The fucking suits were enjoying my
humiliation.

"Oh It love's that urinal."

"Kiss that baby."

"What a fucking pig."

"Look at It's cock, It loves this shit."

"Fucking pig."

They kept laughing and making disgusting comments about me and that fucking
urinal.    The shame kept creeping higher and higher.    My cock throbbed, my
eyes leaked tears and my mouth sucked on that filthy urinal rim.

I continued French kissing that urinal rim until Dickie gave me permission to
stop.   Where I had been kissing, the urinal was shiny clean.  All four of them
laughed and made more disparaging remarks about the piggy.  They talked about me
as though I really were a dumb animal.

It was all I could do to keep from letting them hear my sobs of despair.  Life
with Charlie was much better then the few hours I had spent here.    I wished
with all my might that he would come and get me and take me home.

Fucking home!!!   I was now thinking of Charlie's place as being home, and
wanting to get back there.   Oh man, I was loosing the battle.

The three suits had finished pissing by this time and they talked with Dickie
for a few moments before saying they would see him later.  They then filed out
of the washroom.   I just stood there on my knees, head bowed and crying.

"Quit it with the fucking bawling." he sneered.

"No one here could careless how It feels about anything."

"I must go tend to some other things the Master wishes me to accomplish this
morning.   I will be gone for about an hour.   It did such a good job of French
kissing that urinal rim, and seemed to really enjoy doing it so much, that I
will give It a little reward for It's good behavior." he said with a smile.

A reward?   Oh fuck no, no rewards please, I thought.   I didn't think from the
way he was talking that his idea of a reward and mine would be any where near
the same.

"It will clean all of the urinals before I return.  Remember It is never to
stand up.  It will stay on It's hands and knees."  saying that he turned and
left the room.

Just what I thought some fucking reward.   At least cleaning them would not be
all that hard, I could manage that in no time at all then just sit and wait for
his return.

My mouth was still full of the taste from sucking on that fucking urinal.   I
crawled quickly over to the sinks, rinsed my hands, then using my hands as a
cup, proceeded to rinse my mouth out.

Once my mouth was feeling cleaner, I looked around for something to use to clean
those urinals.   I certainly was not going to use my tongue.   He had not
ordered me to,  he had just said have them clean by the time he got back.

Both paper towel dispensers were empty.   I checked the garbage can figuring it
would be full of paper towel waste, but the fucking thing was empty.

Then took a quick look in each of the cubicles looking for toilet paper.   But
again, not one of the cubicles had toilet paper, they had a bad smell though.  
What the fuck was I going to do?   How could I get those urinals clean without
something to do it with, besides my tongue that is.

I decided I would just have to try and get them clean using just my hands and
flush water.    I went back to the one Dickie made me kiss.   I put my hand in
and pulled the flush arm, nothing happened.    I pulled it again still nothing.  
The fucking flushers were turned off.

Dickie was making it impossible for me to clean them any way but with my tongue.   
Tears welled up again, unfortunately the tears didn't work as a water source,
there weren't enough.  All they did was smear  the filth around a bit.

Time was flying by and I still had done nothing.    Using my tongue it would
take at least an hour, maybe more to do all four.   

Thoughts of the Prod being pushed against my dick or balls because I had failed
to get the urinals clean, over came my reluctance to use my tongue and I started
licking.   The taste was unbelievably bad.   I couldn't force myself to swallow
any of this shit.   Once my mouth got full of the foul stuff I crawled quickly
over to the sink and rinse it out.

But then a light clicked on and I started bringing back mouthfuls of water.  By
squirting it out carefully I found I was able to use my hands to assist with
getting them clean.   I finished the first one, stood back and took a quick
look.   It didn't look too bad so I hurried to the next.

I worked away at a frantic pace.   My knees were on fire from the constant
moving back and forth from urinal to sink.   My mouth now had a permanent foul
taste.   Rinsing just would not remove it.    I had no time to worry about it.  
I figured my time was just about up and I still hadn't finished.

I was almost finished except of a couple of more licks on the flush lever of the
fourth urinal when, Dickie reentered the toilet.

He walked over and looked at each urinal.  

"It missed a spot, clean it." he ordered pointing to an almost invisible
brownish coloured bit of stain on one of the urinals.

I quickly used my tongue to clean it.  He then went on with his checking.   He
seemed satisfied as he turned to me.

"Not great, but they will do.  It will bend over, put  It's forehead on the
floor and It's front piggy feet behind It's back."

I immediately adopted the position.  He came over and cuffed my wrists tightly
together.   He connected a chain to each of my ankles, then connected the chain
from my right ankle to my left wrist and the left ankle to my right wrist.

I heard him get up and walk away.   He had not given me permission to lift my
head so I kept it glued to the  dirty floor.

"It will come here." he called.

I lifted my head and my body up so I was on my knees.   I then waddled over to
him.  As soon as I got there he told me to go back to the urinals.  Then he had
me turn around and face him.

"Stand up."  he ordered.

Without thinking I tried to stand, but the chains binding my ankles to my wrists
made that impossible.   I fell over instead.

Dickie thought that was the funniest thing he had ever seen and broke out in a
fit of hysterical laughter.    I went red in the face with shame for my
stupidity.

"I guess....(laughter)... you... ( more laughter) .... ain't gonna be... (more
laughter) ... using the sink.... (laughter) ...to rinse your fucking mouth this
time.  (Now a fit of coughing with the laughter.)"

He had seen how I had done the urinals.  There must be a hidden camera in here. 
They could watch and be amused by my degradation.   I could feel my shame in  my
cheeks as the blood flowed in,  turning my face red.

"See that black line on the floor around the urinals." he said.

I looked down at the tiled floor.   One row of black tiles, was set at a right
angle to the wall and went out about 6 feet at both ends of the  set of urinals.   
They were joined by another line, in effect enclosing the urinals in a kind of
marked off box.   The entire area was about 6ft x 8ft.

"Yes Sir, It sees it, Sir." I answered.

"Clean it.   Stay away from the sinks and the urinals.  You have one hour." he
commanded and then left the room.

I looked at the floor.  It was filthy.   There was dirt, dried piss and blood
stains from my knees, which were still bleeding.   How in the name of heaven
could I possibly be expected to clean up that mess with just my tongue in an
hour?

I was afraid that this time he had me.   I was not going to be able to finish
this in the time allotted.   There was just too much dirt and filth.  
Swallowing that would make me sick for sure and that would only lead to a bigger
mess.   What the fuck was I going to do?

I knew I would have to work backwards.  I could never crawl across an area once
I had cleaned it or it would be dirty again.  The urinal on the left end was
next to a toilet stall so I figured that would be the best place to start and I
crawled there on just my knees.   It was very difficult now that I did not have
the use of my hands and arms.

I went to start licking near the wall when it dawned on me that the toilets
would all have water in them.   Ok, it might not be pleasant having to wash my
mouth in a toilet bowl, but it was a hell of a lot better than trying to swallow
that dirt from the floor.

I decided that I would clean in strips of one foot width.   I would clean
outward a foot from the wall and then clean right down along the wall until I
had a strip approximatley one foot wide cleaned.  Then I would move out another
foot and just keep doing that until the whole area was clean.

I started into to licking.   The tiles were cold on my tongue but the crap came
off right away.   When I had a mouth full of dirt and grit I crawled as quickly
as I could to the first toilet stall.   But stopped dead in my tracks.

Now I knew why this bathroom stunk so badly.   The toilet bowl was clogged and
it was full of brown water and clumps of shit.   I hadn't noticed it when I was
looking for toilet paper.  The stink was something else.   I backed out and
tried the next one.

My heart sank.   This one too was clogged, as was the next and the next.  There
was only one left.   My last hope of being able to clean that floor.   I pushed
the door open and I gave a little prayer of thanks.  The water in the bowl was
clean, well relatively speaking that is.

The toilet bowl, however was stained brown which did not make the prospect of
having to use the water to clean my mouth, all that great.   With no other
alternative,  I dipped my head down and sucked up some water.   Spit it out and
sucked up some more.   I did this until all the grit and dirt was out of my
mouth, then headed back to the urinals as fast as I could manage.  I had a
chance of succeeding.

By the time I had cleaned that first strip water in the toilet bowl was getting
pretty dirty and foul looking.   I was afraid that they may have turned the
water to the toilets off, just as they had with the urinals. 

If that were so, and I flushed, I might end up with no water to finish the
floor.   From the mess in the toilet bowl it was obvious that I could not
possibly swallow any of this stuff.   I debated with myself for a few precious
moments and then decided to risk everything on  the flush of a toilet.

If the toilet didn't have water, I would just go back out to the urinals, sit
down, and wait for them to come and punish me.    They would have to kill me
before they would ever get me to swallow the stuff that was on that floor.

Wanting to flush that fucking toilet and doing it turned out to be two
diametrically opposed ideas.   With my wrists chained to my ankles it was
impossible to get close enough to the flush lever to push it down.   I tried all
kinds of ways but always seemed to come up short.

The toilet bowl was too close to the cinder block wall on one side and the metal
stall wall on the other.   I was too big to squeeze in between on either side. 
Leaning across the bowl, my head, the only part that could be used to push or
pull the lever, was about an inch short of reaching it.  

I finally sat back, tears forming in my eyes, I felt defeated.   Then I spied
the toilet paper holder.   There was no toilet paper, just the empty bar that
holds the roll.

An idea formed in my mind but I would have to get that dispenser apart.   The
bar that holds the toilet paper roll is spring loaded, and usually not a very
strong spring.    I made my way over, bit down on the thing and pushed my head
to the right side.  The spring depressed and the bar released.

I bent down and dropped it onto the floor.    Got my mouth around one end of it
and and picked it up.  The next task was to lean across the toilet and try
depressing the flush handle.   It took a half dozens tries, but I finally
managed to get enough leverage to force the flush handle down.  To my great
relief the toilet flushed and filled with clean water.

I carefully placed the holder on the floor and headed back to the urinal area.  
The second foot out and all the way down was not as dirty as that first foot had
been.   But there was still a fair amount of dirt and grit that I had picked up.  
After fiddling around I finally managed to get the toilet to flush again.

The third foot went very quickly, there was almost no grit, mostly discoloration
and blood from my knees.

The forth, fifth and sixth rows were the same.   I flushed the toilet again
after the fourth row and then after the sixth.   I used that fresh water to give
my mouth a good cleaning as well.   I replaced the paper holder on the
dispenser, then went back and knelt by my clean floor waiting or Dickie's
return.

I was certain he had been gone a lot longer than an hour.  I was also sure
cleaning a piece of floor the size of the one that I had just done, with just
your tongue could not be accomplished in just an hour.

But here it was finished, I had messed around quite a bit trying to flush the
toilet and now had been kneeling here waiting for what seem like an hour itself. 
My knees were aching. 

The pain in my nuts had eased quite a bit, I guess with all the moving around  I
had either got used to the ache or they had actually calmed down. 

I was contemplating what other horror's these bastards might have in store for
me when dickie finally returned.  He walked over to the floor and had a look.

"That will have to do, I suppose.   It will have to hope Master Dieter is
satisfied when he inspects later." he growled.

I said nothing, just knelt there with my head bowed.

"Follow me." he snapped.

He moved from the urinal area, down past the row of toilet stalls to a door way.
I walked along painfully on my knees trying to keep up.  We entered into a men's
locker room and continued through to a large communal shower, with 6 shower
heads on each side.

He had me go to the centre of the room right over top of the drain and place my
forehead on the floor.  He unfastened the chains and removed the cuffs from my
wrists and ankles.

Walking over to the wall at the far end, he opened a large metal door on the
wall.  I could see all this from between my legs.   I still had my forehead on
the floor.   Inside the compartment was a hose.   I knew what was going to
happen now.   Animals don't take showers,  I thought,  they get hosed down and
the Sonofabitch was going to hose me.

The hose was on a spindle and all he had to do was pull.   He turned on the
valve first and a heavy spray of water shot out the knozzle end.  It looked like
an inch or inch and a half hose, which meant the pressure was going to be quite
high.

When it hit it almost knocked me over.  It was ice cold and I let out a squeal. 
He paid no attention to my discomfort, just kept hitting me all over with that
fucking high pressure stream of ice cold water.

"The piggy will get up on all fours and turn It's back end towards me so I can
clean the shit off It's ass." he ordered.

Shivering with cold and trying hard to maintain my balance against the onslaught
of the hose, I raised my front end and turned my back end towards him.    As
much as I hated the cold, I really wanted that shit off of me.  

He aimed the fucking stream right for my ass hole and hit it square on.   The
water was under such pressure that it actually penetrated up into my bowels.   I
almost moved to avoid it, but my fear of the prod caught me in time.

I could feel my bowels filling from the water pressure.    Please stop, I kept
saying to myself over and over.   This was almost like having an enema, but a
very painful  enema.   The water was really hurting my hole.

I had tried holding my pain inside but it had gotten so bad I started cry out.

"What the fuck are you yelping about?"  Dickie growled.

"It's anus is burning really bad, Master Dickie, Sir." I gasped out.  "And It's
bowels are full and beginning to cramp, Sir."

"Too fucking bad.   It is a filthy fucking pig that shat all over itself and now
is being cleaned.    It will keep It's fucking mouth shout and stop the
whining." he ordered.

I tried but the pain was much greater than my ability to stem the yelps and
cries of pain.   He kept the water going for another 5 minutes or so, then shut
the thing off.

My bowels were full and were now wanting to empty.   But Dickie hadn't given me
permission.   I squeezed tight on my rectum muscle, hoping I could hold it until
he gave permission for me to let it out.

I was facing away from him and he hadn't given me permission to turn around and
look at what he was doing so I had to try and guess.   I heard him open another
door and the sound of a bucket being banged around.   Then there was the sound
of a bucket being filled with water.

A smell of strong soap and disinfectant filled the room.    I got a sudden chill
up my already frozen back.    He was going to wash me with disinfectant.   How
many  more indignities was I going to have to suffer?

I heard him pick up the pail and start to walk towards me.   He was up to my
back end when he placed the pail on the floor.

"It will spread It's legs so It may be scrubbed to get all the crap off." he
ordered.

"Master Dickie Sir, It's bowels are full of water from the hose.   It is having
a very difficult time trying to hold it until permission is give to release.  
It does not want to be, or appear to be, disobedient Sir.  But if It follows
your order to spread It's legs, It will be disobedient by loosing control of
It's rectal muscle, Sir."

"Did I ask for a fucking sermon.  It will spread It's fucking legs, now."  he
yelled.

I spread my legs so quickly my knees lost the grip they had on the slippery
ceramic tiles and my legs spread wide apart.   My centre went straight to the
floor mashing my cock under my pubic bone and my balls dropped like stones.   
They hit the floor rather hard and considering that they were already extremely
tender, this sudden bouncing of the balls, caused me to start screaming in
agony.

At the same moment, I lost control of the sphincter muscle and all that shitty
water came shooting out my back end, under great force.

Now you would think that a man like Dickie, who tortures people on a regular
daily basis, would know better than to stand behind one of his victims, whose
ass he has just filled with fucking water.   Particularly when the victim has
warned him that he is loosing control of the muscle that holds it all in.  

But me thinks Dickie is one card short of a full deck.   That high pressure
stream of filthy brown water with clumps of shit, hit him square on the chest,
splashed up and got his face.   I think maybe his mouth was open because there
was a whole lot of spitting going on before the swearing began.

I, of course, was in too much fucking pain from my balls bouncing around on the
floor to worry too much about poor Dickie and his chest/mouth full of shitty
water.

The pain was so bad I couldn't move.  I didn't know at this point that my dick
had been smashed quite hard into the floor and would be a little swollen and
bruised for almost a week.

When the pain eased enough that I could stop screaming, I heard a shower going.  
Dickie was still spitting and swearing.

"Fucking goddamned pig, gonna fucking kill It.   Hear that pig I am gonna kill
you."  he swore over and over.

Although I was in a lot of pain and knew he was really gonna hurt me, I also
managed a little smile inside.   He was so upset he had forgot himself and was
using the, "you", word to describe me.  I was still human to him, no matter how
hard he tried to make me feel other wise.

The pain finally eased enough that I was able to get back up onto my hands and
knees.   My nuts were still throbbing and now I could feel the pain in my dick
as well.

Dickie finished his shower and went into the dressing room.   He was gone for a
good ten minutes or more.   I had a bad feeling he was gone to get the Master
and they would start shooting me with that stun gun thingy again.

Remembrance of the terror and pain I went through last night with that prod,
came back with full force and I began to tremble violently.

I was still in the same spot, shivering from cold and trembling violently with
fear, when Dickie finally made an appearance.  But he was alone and there was no
sign of the stun gun.

"Fucking pig.  It will be punished later for shitting on It's Master.  Master
Dieter  is really pissed and will most likely let me string It up and use the
prod on It for a couple of hours." he said with a big smile.

"I really will enjoy that, pig." he snapped.

Well all I can say is if his intention was to scare me more than he had already,
he succeeded admirably.  This news cause my stomach to cramp up and the next
thing I knew I was spewing my guts all over the floor in front of me.   What
came up was a greenish mess that couldn't have been anything other than those
hard cubes I had so quickly swallowed this morning.

But that is not the worst of it.   Oh no.   Now I was getting more cramps and
the next thing I know I am shooting more water out my back end.  I wasn't
finished that when I started spewing again.

Between the shivering from cold, the violent trembling from fear and now the
cold sweats from.....well from whatever, I was in a very bad way.   I lost my
balance again and fell to the floor.   I was a little more fortunate this time,
in that I fell on my side rather than straight down.

My balls only got crushed between my legs instead of getting splattered all over
the fucking floor.   Mind you it didn't really matter, because the pain was just
about the same, if not worse.

My arms which up to now had been partially supporting my front end went flying
back so I could cup my burning balls.   I had no control what-so-ever.  I had
doubled up into the fetal position and was screaming in agony.   I was also
rolling around on the floor.   Do you remember, by any chance what it was I had
just done on that fucking floor?

Well I was obliviously rolling around in that foul mixture.   Round and round
and round I rolled.   I suppose you could use that old cliche, "rolling around,
happy as a pig in shit", to describe my actions.   Well Dickie had been calling
me pig and piggy, so what the hell, might as well be a happy piggy.

The white hot pain began to pass and I stopped rolling, instead I was just
rocking gently.   As the pain eased my other senses began to return
proportionally.   The smell was first and I was kind'a wishin' it would go away
again.   I really didn't much like what I was smelling.

The red haze that had clouded my vision from the first moment of impact, when my
legs squashed my nuts, began to clear and I could see Dickie standing there, his
mouth moving like crazy.

My hearing was the last to come back and it was proportional to the reduction in
my screams of agony.   Unfortunately, my screams of agony were replaced by
screams of abuse from Dickie.

I could hear his screaming but really couldn't make out exactly what it was he
was screaming.   I was still in too much pain to really give a damn.   It was
then that he chose to go back and get the hose.   I watched him through the red
haze and shivered more.

He turned the hose back on but this time it was  a luke warm, gently spray that
washed over me.   He rinsed me down good and hosed down the floor all around me. 
The warm water trickling down around my legs felt good against my aching nuts.

I guess he must have realized that the water was helping to ease the pain
because once he finished the floor he held the hose in such a way that the water
flowed down and around my nuts removing the burning heat.

"Can It get Itself up yet." he asked, with no real emotion.

"It will try Master." I answered weakly.

I managed but it was slow going and every movement caused sharp pain in my nuts.   
That 50 lb weight yesterday had really done a number on them.

"Is It finished shitting or does It have more?" he asked.

"I think It is finished Sir.  It no longer has any bowel cramps, Sir." I replied
through still trembling lips.

He knelt down beside me and pulled the pail over.   I heard water splashing in
the pail and then a fucking scrub brush was washing my ass with pretty hot
water.  It is a good thing all this delay took place.  If he'd of tried
scrubbing me as soon as he had made up that pail it would have burned my fucking
skin off.

The brush felt terrible.   Mind you my nuts were still aching so they probably
saved me from feeling the real pain that brush was causing to my soft flesh.  He
scrubbed my ass good, then down the backs of my legs.   He carefully grasped my
nuts and pulled them gently out of the way so he could scrub up my crotch.

The moment he started scrubbing there,  I began to cry out in pain.   That
fucking brush felt like it was tearing my skin off, and it probably was.  He
paid no attention, just kept scrubbing.  When he was finished with that side he
let my nuts down carefully and changed hands.

His other hand wrapped around my nuts and lifted them.   Then the fucking brush
proceeded to tear the skin off the other side of my crotch.   It was not
agonizing pain, it was just the kind that would make any man cry.   You can take
it but that is all.

If I thought this was bad I was in for a big surprise.  Once he had finished my
crotch he made me get up so I was just on my knees.   He then proceed to scrub
my abs.  I grit my teeth and tried to hold back from letting the yells of pain
out but only managed for a few brush strokes.

The pain was terrible.   I tried pulling back and away from him once.

"It will stand perfectly still and let It's Master clean It or I will go get
that fucking prod right now and prod the shit out of It.   Understand." he
yelled.

"Yes Master Dickie." I cried out, biting my lip and trying with every resource
in my body to hold still for this torture.

It just went on and on and on.  He scrubbed my abs, my sides, my pecs, right
over top of the fucking nipple clamps which made them feel like they were being
torn off.   Then it was my pits and my arms.   Finally he did my back, and
although it wasn't pleasant it wasn't painful either.

I was covered in soap bubbles and my skin was burning everywhere he had
scrubbed.    My crotch and pecs were on fire.  The longer it took before the
soap was washed off, the more the scrubbed area burned.

After finishing my back he stood up and got the hose.   He opened the knozzle
and the first bit of water to hit was cool, but it then warmed back up again.  I
thought the rinse would help to stop the stinging, burning feeling.    But of
course I was wrong.    The stinging and the burning only got worse.

He finally finished with the hose and let it recoil back into the compartment
and turned off the water.   He dumped the pail and put it and the scrub brush
away.  He then headed for the locker room we had come through on the way in.

"Well come on stupid." he sneered.

I followed him through the locker room, the toilet and back out into the
hallway, on my hands and knees of course.  Water was still dripping off me and I
was cold.

He went down the hall a bit and opened another door and held it for me.   I
entered and noticed right away that it was the punishment room I had been in
yesterday.   The one where they tried to tear my nuts off.

Dickie walked over to the place where I had been strung up and indicated I was
to get over there.  

"The piggy will stand up and put It's paws straight out." he ordered.

I had been down like this for so long the act of standing up caused me to become
very light headed and I almost went into an uncontrolled fall.  Luckily I
managed to get my arm out and absorb the force as I reached the floor.   I also
said a little prayer of thanks that it didn't cause any serious pain to my nuts.

I then got up slowly.   Giving the blood a chance to build up the pressure it
needed to keep my brain supplied.

Once I was up I placed my arms straight out, as Dickie had ordered.   I thought
he was going to chain me up again but he didn't.

"Stay here and do not move until I return.   If It moves or let's It's little
piggy feet down It will be punished.  Is that clear." he growled.

"Yes Sir, It is very clear, Sir."  I answered.

He left me standing there with my arms stretched out in front.  I knew exactly
what the evil plan was now.   Leave the poor bastard stand there until the pain
of holding his arms out like this gets so bad he has to drop them, then charge
into the room and punish him for disobedience.

Well fuck'em if they are going to punish me anyway, why the fuck should I let my
fucking arms get all cramped up as well.  In an act of supreme defiance I
dropped my arms to my sides, and started counting.  I figured about 30 seconds
before they came charging in.

But it didn't happen.   I became totally confused.  What the fuck was going on. 
I was sure there was a camera and they were watching, they had to be.  But still
no one came.  In another grand act of defiance, shit was I getting brave or
what.  I left the spot I was told to stay in.

Again nothing happened.   Fear started to set in, and it set in deep.  
Something was wrong.  They should have been here to punish me.  Tears formed in
my eyes and I began to cry.  

Why the fuck was I crying?  I didn't know.   I went back to the spot I was told
to stand in and lifted my arms back up.   Tears were falling down my cheeks in a
cascade, but I didn't know why.  My arms began to feel like lead.   It took
effort to hold them out there.   Tears still flooded down my cheeks and I could
see my arms drop.

I pulled them back up forcing them to stay.  I was just about at the end of my
ability to hold them any longer when Dickie finally returned.

"It may lower It's arms." he said.

I was crying like a little kid.  Sobbing even.   Then I did something I couldn't
believe I was stupid enough to do.

"Sir." I said meekly.

"What piggy!" he answered.

"It lowered It's arms while you were gone Sir, and it moved from the spot you 
told it not to move from."  was that my voice saying that?

"Did It's arms get heavy and It couldn't hold them up any longer?" he asked
quietly.

"No Sir.   It deliberately put It's paws down and then deliberately walked away
from the spot It was told to stand in and not move.  It was an act of defiance,
Sir."  what the fuck was I saying.

"An act of defiance.   It is telling me It committed an act of defiance against
It's Master?"  he asked incredulously.

"Yes Master, It did, Sir." I answered.

He was stunned.   If I'd have taken a hammer and hit the bastard over the head
it would not have stunned him more.   He became speechless, just standing there
looking at me.   He didn't know what the fuck to do.

He finally regained enough of his senses that he could move.   He turned around
and quickly exited the room.   I was the one that was now dumfounded.

I stood there, trying to figure out why in the hell I told him that I had defied
him.  It didn't make any sense.   Then it dawned on me that he had gone to get
the Master.   Oh fucking shit, I thought, the fucking Master.   I am in big time
shit now.

I heard him before he even got to the door.   The click, click, click of the
metal things on his boots, beat out a steady rhythm as he approached the room.  
I went into full fear mode.  

I was a fucking fool and deserved whatever this perverted bastard did to me.  
My whole body was violently shaking getting worse with each step that drew
Master Dieter closer.

The door opened and he took a couple of steps inside and stopped.   Dickie, 
right behind, closed the door.

He stood there looking at me.  He was about 6 foot tall, broad in the shoulder
and narrow of hip.  He wore a black hood that covered the upper portion of his
face,  but left his nose and lower face visible.  Two slits allowed his
piercing, ice blue eyes to bore into his victims.

He wore a black vest, that was open, revealing a well developed set of pecs,
with a light covering of blond hair.  He wore a set of straps across his chest,
much as I had seen Pete and Larry wearing.

His trousers were black skin tight leather and he wore a pair of highly shined
black high top leather boots.

The eyes that stared out through the hole piece were ice blue.   They were cold,
heartless and stared straight through me.   When he looked at me I could see
that he could care less about me or my welfare.    He had no sympathy, no
feelings for me at all.

"Did It tell Dickie that It had defied him?" in a flat no nonsense tone.

"Yes Master Dieter, Sir.  It defied him, Sir, and then told him that It had done
so, Sir."  I answered with trembling lips.

"Does It enjoy being punished?  Is that why It did such a stupid thing?" he
asked again in that same flat tone.

"No Sir, It does not like being punished, Sir.   I don't know why It did it Sir. 
It thought that the Master should know that the piggy did not obey his
instructions, Sir."

"Do you think that It should be punished for disobeying Dickie?"  he asked.

"It is only a worthless slave, Master." I cried, big sobs escaping between my
words.  "It is incapable of thinking.   The slave only knows that It should have
obeyed the Master, Sir."  what the fuck was I saying.

"It will lay down on the floor and spread It's arms and legs in a spread eagle
fashion and hold them there." he commanded.

I dropped to the floor as quickly as possible and adopted the position.  I
watched fearfully as he walked up between my legs and stood there looking down.

I watched in terror as he reached to his belt and pulled out the prod.   My
whole body began to vibrate.   I was shaking so bad that parts of my body were
vibrating on the floor and had set up a din in the room.

He placed the end of the prod on my dick.   His cold blue eyes bored into mine
and I could see only coldness.   He couldn't care less about how terrified I was
that he might pull that trigger.

He wiggled the prod around on top of my dick.   My fear had risen so high that I
could feel my stomach rebelling again.   It didn't really matter because I knew
my stomach to be empty.   I had lost it's contents in the shower.

Tiring of rubbing my dick with the fucking thing he moved it down and gently
rubbed it against my nuts.   I was unable to hold anything back now and began to
cry out loud.

I watched a smile curl his lips.   He was enjoying my fear, my torment.  He then
moved it back to my dick and rubbed it around.  

"Defying your Master is a major offence and should be punished severely.  
However, you confessed to your defiance without being confronted, that is a good
sign that you are finally begining to learn your place.  For that reason, and
that reason alone I shall not make your punishment as severe as it should be." 
he stated in a cold, unemotional voice.

He continued to rub the prod around my dick.   Then suddenly he moved it up to
the centre of my gut and pulled the trigger.  Pain enwrapped me in its arms
again.  I involuntarily curled up into a ball and then entered that wonderful
black place where only peace and quiet reign. 

When I regained consciousness I was strapped in some kind of a hammock
contraption.    My arms were strapped to my sides, my legs were up in the air
and spread wide apart.   I was bound tight, unable to move at all except for my
head.

I thought I was alone because I could hear nothing.  I tried raising my head but
that did no good at all.  I  could only see above and slightly to the sides.

"It is most fortunate, piggy." Dickie said suddenly from directly behind my
head.

"The Master only hit you once with the prod.  Defy me again and you may not be
so lucky next time."

"Well the morning has been going very nicely so far, but it is far from over.  
The Master would like the piggy to service some of the slaves.   These slaves
have not been permitted to have any release for quite some time.  Their nut sacs
are full and they are hornier then hell.  So for the next couple of hours they
will have full use of the piggy's mouth and ass pussy."  he beamed.

"It will not be permitted to cum though.  Any time it looks like It might, It's
nuts will be squeezed and It knows what that means." he laughed.

Fucking sadistic prick, I screamed at him in my mind as he walked away.  Great,
I was going to get to suck a few cocks and get fucked in the ass, but would not
be permitted to cum.  Ok, I could handle that, but why squeeze my fucking balls?  
Hadn't they damaged them enough?   If they kept this shit up I would be singing
soprano before I got back to Charlie.

That of course brought Pat to mind.  What was he doing, I wondered.   Did he
miss me as much as I missed him.  Did he really care or was his concern for me
just an order from Charlie?   I was so confused about everything.

I wanted desperately to go back to that dull, drab existence I had led before
that fateful day I walked into Charlie's bar.  Life had been boring, but I knew
who I was, what I was and what the future held in store.   I no longer knew
anything.   By this time tomorrow I could be on a plane to the Parts Farm.  
There to be dissected and my parts sold to the highest bidder.

I was lost in this reverie when the door burst open and loud voices entered the
room.   Holy fuck, it wasn't a few, it was a whole fucking herd.   If I was
going to have to fuck and suck this whole crew I was going to be hurtin' before
it was all over.

They headed straight for me.   Before I could even blink, one of the suits from
this morning was pushing his dick up my ass.   He didn't even try to lube it.  
It hurt and I had trouble relaxing my sphincter.   If the prick had taken his
time It would have been easier for the both of us.

I was in a bit of pain and had let out a yelp when another body appeared behind
my head.   He did something to the hammock I was lying in and the part
supporting my head fell away.  My head dropped back and there was a hard cock
pushing against my lips.

I opened my mouth to suck it, but the bastard didn't give me the chance.  He
just rammed it down my throat.  I wasn't expecting it and of course I began to
gag and choke.   He didn't give a fuck, he just started into humping my face as
hard as the suit was humping my ass.

There was nothing erotic or stimulating about this.   It was fucking rape.  Two
guys were raping me, I felt cheap and I felt used.  But worst of all I felt like
I was going to choke to death.   The prick fucking my face was not giving me a
chance to breath or to get my gag reflex under control.

His cock was flying in and out, in and out.  Then he was cumming.   He let out a
hell of a yell, rammed his cock hard down my throat and held it there.   I could
feel him shooting, but I was turning blue at the same time.   I needed fucking
air and he was keeping his cock jammed deep in my throat.   His pubs pressed
tight against my nose.  I was beginning to panic.

I tried shaking my head to let him know he was suffocating me, but he paid no
attention.  On the verge of total panic I started to close my mouth to bite his
fucking cock, he got the hint and pulled it out.

I gasped for air, but didn't gasp for long, another cock was rammed in and
started fucking my face again.  They were not going to give me a chance to get a
reasonable lung full of air.   My chest was heaving, it wanted more air but the
fucking cock using my throat was restricting the air flow.

Then my world was on fire again, someone decided it would be fun to twist those
clamps still holding on tight to my nipples.    Now along with gasping for air I
was trying to get enough air to scream out my pain.   The bastard just kept on
twisting those fucking clamps.   My pec's were ablaze of pain.

The suit had finally dumped his load up my ass, but someone else had taken his
place.   I did not have to worry about getting a hard on.   I was in too much
pain.  I have no idea how many of them there were, I lost count somewhere around
ten.   Each one drove his cock down my throat and fucked my face hard.

The outside of my body was bathed in sweat, the inside with pain, as the rape
continued, guy after guy.  One up the ass and one down the throat.    I had
almost no feeling at all left in my ass.   I didn't feel them cum, nor could I
feel them change places.

I was worn out, I didn't know how much longer I would be able to take this
abuse.  My whole system was numb and I could no longer respond to any of them at
all.   They still twisted the nipple clamps but my nipples and pecs had become
completely numb and I could only barley feel them twisting.

One of them didn't like the fact that I was not responding and decided to see if
he could wake me up.   He awoke me beyond his wildest dreams.  He grabbed me by
the balls and squeezed.

The white hot fire went blazing through me in an instant.  A scream built up
deep in my soul and headed for my lungs, then up my airway, past my vocal cords
and into the world.   Of course there was a big fat cock in the way impeding
it's progress.

My body involuntarily responded to this blockage by closing my jaws, rather 
hard and rather forcefully.  My jaws, in this involuntary action met with some
resistance, that being the big fat cock  that was raping my throat for the
umpteenth time.   Unfortunately, for the cock, I have rather strong, sharp
teeth, and they just happen to be part of the jaw that was trying to close.

That poor cock was the recipient of my strong, sharp teeth and began to bleed
profusely where my teeth had sunk in.   Now attached to that cock, was a strong,
virile young man.    He had his cock in a mouth and that mouth had just clamped
shut trying to bite his fucking cock off.   Now as any other virile young man
who thinks his cock is being bitten off would do,  this young man tired to yank
his cock out, but the jaws were clamping down and couldn't let go because it was
all involuntary to begin with.

My mouth filled with hot, viscose blood.  It started pouring down my throat and
choking me.  This activated another survival mechanism and the jaw muscles
released.   The cock pulled out, the scream continued on it's journey to the
mouth and joined in with the young man whose cock I had almost bitten off.

The two of us had a wonderful time trying to out scream each other in our agony.  
I think my agony was much greater than his though, because after that initial
scream I could not hear him anymore.   I was lost in that world of agony were
there is nothing  except pain, a searing, agonizing pain that just didn't want
to stop.

As in the past, it finally began to die down and with it my screaming and the
return of my senses.  Someone was washing my face with a cold rag as my sense of
feeling returned.  Then my hearing came back and interspersed with my moaning, I
could hear subdued chatter.

Finally the red haze began to clear and I returned to the land of the living.  
One of the young studs was wiping me down with a rag.   It must have been him I
felt wiping my face.   He was now wiping carefully around my hugely swollen
nipples.  Then Master Dieter's cold, blue eyes were above me looking down.

"It has seriously damaged one of my best slaves.  It will be punished."  He
lifted the prod for me to see and started walking down toward my bottom end.

Oh fucking no, not again.

"Master Dieter Sir, please no, I didn't do it on purpose.  Someone squeezed my
tender nuts hard and my jaws closed involuntarily.   I had no control Sir." I
cried.   "It wasn't my fault."

He paid no attention to my pleas.  He got down to the end and came up between my
legs.  He lifted the prod and placed it against my tender nuts.  

He gave me a big smile then pulled the trigger.   I was off on another, first
class, all expenses paid, trip  to hell.   Again I was unable to tolerate the
pain for long and quickly passed into that dark, silent world.   It was getting
to become my favorite vacation spot.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 15

Punishment, day 1
(afternoon & prep for party)

Again I have no idea how long I was unconscious.  When I awoke I was laying on
my back on a  very narrow bed.  My nuts were throbbing, I tried to place my
hands over them, but my wrists were shackled to the side of the bed on each
side.

I lifted my head and looked around.  It was a very small room, I would estimate
about 10ft x 8ft.  The bed was pushed up against one wall.   A small night stand
beside the bed held a lamp and a glass filled with a clear liquid that may have
been water.

The walls were painted beige and the ceiling had ceiling tiles, the 12' x 12'
variety, 10 down along the wall the bed was against and 8 across, that was how I
was able to determine the size of the room.   The room wasn't fancy by any
means, but it certainly felt more homey than any I had been kept in since I was
abducted.

The lamp was on and cast a ghostly glow all around the room.   Other than the
pain in my nuts, I actually felt comfortable here.   I closed my eyes and tried
to go to sleep.  Might as well take advantage of this while I could.

I had been lying there for quite a while enjoying the luxury of the soft bed. 
Caught in that twilight world, not asleep, yet not awake.   Someone opened the
door quietly and entered the room.  I debated whether to open my eyes or just
pretend I was still out.   Maybe if I kept my eyes closed they would go away and
just leave me.

I opted to keep them closed.  Foot steps crept softly over to the cot and I
heard something being placed on the night stand.  A soft, warm hand touched my
face and I could not longer feign sleep.

I opened my eyes and stared into a pair of the greenest eyes I had ever seen. 
They belonged to a sweet, smooth face  with a cute turned up nose and sensuous
lips.   I wanted to kiss them they were so inviting.   The lips parted in a big
beautiful smile when I opened my eyes.

"How are you doing....., Ok?" he asked.

"Yes, thank you, It is doing ok." I answered.

"You must be starving, would you like something to eat and drink?" he asked
gently, still rubbing my face with his warm hand.

Tears well up in my eyes.

"Please don't ask It to eat any more of those cubes or drink any more of that
Pilsen stuff.   It's insides are not feeling very good." I answered through my
tears.

"Hey, no tears, it's ok.   No one will hurt you here.   This is a relax room.  
You get to relax, to rest, to heal." he said softly as he bent over and kissed
me gently on the forehead.

He then sat up and I heard keys jiggling. He started unlocking my wrists from
the bed.

"We found it necessary to tie down new arrivals if they are unconscious.   Some
have a tendency to go wild when they first awake.  It wasn't necessary for you,
you seem to have very good control of your mind."  he said as he finished
removing the chains.

"Now would you like to eat, no cubes and no pilsen.   Just plain old fashioned
food, we don't go for the exotic stuff here." he said with a small laugh.

I had to admit that was funny so I gave a little chuckle as well.

"Come on, try sitting up.  It will be much easier then trying to do this laying
down."

He placed his hands gently around my nuts, cradling them against any sudden jar
as I tried sitting up.   His help made it much easier and except for one tiny
sharp pain which seem to travel through my left nut, it was a painless
experience.

With my legs hanging over the edge of the bed, he lifted a plate off the night
stand and handed it too me.  It was a kind of fruit salad only in large finger
size pieces.  As well I saw on the night stand a large glass of milk.  I placed
a piece of apple in my mouth and chewed slowly, savoring the cold, sweet juice
as I masticated this wonderful gift of Mother Earth to her children.

There were pieces of pear, banana, orange and plum as well as the apple.   Along
the side were small round biscuits.   It was a wonderful meal, I enjoyed every
mouth watering bite and was almost sad when it was all gone.  I then drank the
milk and for the first time in the last 24 hours, I felt human again.

He told me to lay back down and go to sleep.   I would need my rest.   He told
me I would be awoken in four hours and would then have to go back to Dickie.  
To take full advantage of this rest period and let my nuts settle down.  I did
not have to be told twice, and was sound asleep before he left the room.

The four hours flew by quicker than the snap of a finger.   The beautiful, green
eyed boy was back shaking me gently.  I reluctantly opened my eyes.

"Time to get up, you must go and be prepared for the party tonight.   You are
the main attraction." he said quietly.

The party tonight, I seem to remember Charlie said something about a party, but
I couldn't quite remember what it was he had said.

"The main attraction?" I queried.

"Yes the entertainment.   You will be strung up in the main ball room and the
guest will get to torture you all evening.  After having so many prods to your
nuts today, it became imparative that we give you a good rest before the party
starts.    The Master would not be happy if you spent the whole evening
unconscious."

"They are going to torture....It !  Oh man, what the hell do you call what they
already have been doing to It?" I asked stunned by his words.

"Oh this most likely will not be the serious pain type torture, though I am
afraid your nuts are going to be hurting.   They are into sex stuff, so your
torture will most likely be denial of release.   They will keep you hot all
evening, they all seem to get a big kick out of seeing a guy beg for release."
he giggled.

"Anyway, times a wasting.  I want to give you another meal of good stuff before
Dickie comes to collect you.   I am also going to give you a couple of shots
that will make you feel much better.   I will come around a few times during the
evening to check on you.  If you are in serious pain I will give you shots to
ease it.  Ok?"

"It doesn't really have much choice, but It would be very grateful if you can
give It something that will keep It's balls from turning to white hot pain when
they are touched." I replied.

He picked up a syringe from a tray he had placed on the night stand.  He held it
up and squirted a bit of juice out the end.  He wiped my arm with a wipe, then
plunged the needle in and injected the clear fluid.

"In about 30 seconds any pain you might have had in your nuts will be gone and
this stuff will keep them pain free for about two hours.   At that time I know
you will need another injection and I will be there to give it to you."

"Thanks." I replied.

The dull throbbing pain in my nuts started to recede before we had finished
talking.   I then sat up and he handed me a plate.   It had some cold meats and
salads along with a beautiful crusty roll.  I gobbled that food up as though I
hadn't been fed in months.   All the puking I had been doing the last few days
meant my body was not getting much nourishment.

He had also brought me a fruit drink, a glass of milk and a piece of chocolate
cake.   When I was finished not a crumb or drop of liquid remained.

He had me get up and walk around, then jump up and down a bit to check to see if
the drug was working.  I never felt a single jolt of pain.  It was wonderful.  I
placed my hand on the clamps still tightly screwed to my nipples and twisted
just a bit.  Again no pain.   This was great I thought, pain free for the first
time since I had arrived in this godforsaken place.

Satisfied, he said good bye  and good luck, picked up my dirty dishes and left
me alone.  I wasn't alone for long.   Dickie came barging into the room about
two minutes later.

"On It's fucking hands and knees, piggy.   Who the fuck gave It permission to
stand?" he bellowed.

I started to answer.

"The fe.........." was as far as I got.

"It will keep the fucking mouth shut when It is talking to me." he giggled.

I guess he thought he was being really wise here.  I just said fuck it to myself
and got down on my hands and knees, ready to be treated like a fucking animal
again.

He led me from the room, I was crawling of course, and down so many twisting and
turning hallways that I was totally lost.   I could never have found my way back
to that room we just left.

He walked at a brisk pace, but one with which it was possible for me to keep up.  
I was beginning to think he was going to go on walking like this forever, when
he finally stopped in front of a door and opened it.    He held the door open
for me and I entered a huge ball room.

This end was all empty floor space except for a pole and some hanging chains in
the centre of the area.   The far end held tables and they seemed to be set for
a dinner.   It was a very ornate room with fancy moldings breaking up the
corners and ridges all around the room.   Huge murals of males fucking and
sucking were painted on all the walls and the ceiling.

It was one hell of an erotic room.   I found my dick getting hard just looking
at the paintings.  Then I noticed that all the candelabra were in the form of
penises.   They lined the walls and even on the three large round chandeliers,
each light was held by a carving of an  erect penis.

Dickie led me right up to the pole sticking out of the floor in the centre of
the bare area.  It was leaning at about a 20 degree angle with the floor and had
a huge dildo on the top.   The dildo was about ten inches long and an inch and a
half in circumference.   The distance from the tip of the dildo head to the
floor was about 36 inches.

When we were beside it, Dickie had me stand up.   He had me turn around and back
up until the dildo just touched my ass.   I had a real bad feeling about this,
that fucking dildo was going to be pushed up my ass I just knew it.

A couple of guys, dressed almost identical to Dickie were suddenly beside me.   
They forcefully bent me over, while Dickie went around behind to make sure the
big rubber dick was positioned correctly.   Then I heard a little vibration and
the dildo started pushing upwards and into my ass hole.

I did my best to relax my sphincter, because I knew  the thing was very dry and
even in a relaxed state the thing could very easily tear my ass apart.

The drug that the green eyed boy had given me prevented this entry from being
painful, but I could feel the strong friction that was resisting the entry of
the Dildo.

Then suddenly it was in and all resistance seemed to vanish.  I could feel it
going up farther and farther until it seemed to be sitting right in the centre
of my gut.

"That's got it.  The fucking pig ain't gonna be able to get off it that's for
sure." he said with a laugh and his buddies laughed with him.

"Ok, get It's fucking feet out and I'll get them chained down." he ordered the
guys.

They each dropped down and grabbed one of my ankles.   Dickie was crouched down
on my right side so the guy holding my right ankle lifted and pulled it forward
almost a foot.  

Dickie quickly placed a leather cuff around the ankle, then attached a chain
from the floor and did something that pulled it down tight.  I would not be able
to lift that foot.

Dickie moved over to the left and the guy holding my left ankle tried to lift
it.  Time for panic attack on my part.  My right foot was locked to the floor
about a foot to the front and to the right.  If they pulled my left leg apart
and fastened it as far out as the right one much of my body weight would be
resting on that thing up my ass.  

There was nothing inside me to stop it from going up further and that thing
could rupture my whole insides.  I was  scared.

"Lean back asshole.  Take the weight off It's fucking leg."  The guy trying to
lift it bellowed at me.

"That thing up my ass will tear my insides apart if I do that." I cried.

The bastards, all three of them just laughed and Dickie shouted.

"We couldn't care less if it punctures It's fucking heart, continues on up and
pokes out between It's fucking eyes."

The guy that had done my right leg went around and helped the other guy. 
Between them they lifted my leg and pushed it out to Dickie.

I instantly felt that thing go up my butt another inch at least.  There was no
pain, but I was really scared this thing was going to puncture through my
bowels.

"Please Master, Dickie."  I begged.   "It will puncture my bowels and kill me. 
Please don't kill me, Sir.  Please." and I started fucking crying again.

They just laughed and stood up.

"Well It ain't fucking dead yet so It will quit the fuckin' sniveling." he said
laughing.

"I should call the Master to come punish It for referring to Itself as "My" and
"Me", but I am going to let It off this time.   Don't ever forget again." he
warned.

"It thanks you Master Dickie, Sir." I answered but still scared that dildo was
going to puncture my bowels.

"It will put It's arms up over It's head and grasp It's elbows on the opposite
sides." he ordered.

With tears running down my cheeks and shaking a bit from my fear, I obeyed.   As
soon as  I had grasped my elbows one of the others started wrapping tape around
my arms so I could not pull them apart.

The other guy brought over a thick collar that was at least 3 inches wide.  It
had a steel bar about a quarter inch thick and 12 inches long attached to it.  
He placed the collar around my neck, clipped it together and then inserted a
padlock and snapped it closed.

The guy doing the taping, taped my already bound arms to the bar.   It was quite
ingenious really.   My arms were now folded above my head, taped tightly
together and to the bar.   I could not lower them and any attempt to do so
caused a little nipple or ridge on the inside of the collar to push against my
adamsapple, which choked me.  If it hadn't been for the pain reliever, I had a
feeling I would have been crying with pain when one of them pulled my arms
forward to test their handiwork.

Dickie then rolled out his little cart and I could see weights on it.   I said a
little thank you to the green eyed kid for the pain reliever.   That looked like
the same 50 lb. weight that had been attached to my nuts before.

"Well wimp you can relax, Master Dieter has decided to be kind.   You will only
have to hold a 30 lb. weight on your nuts this evening.  But you still get the
20 lbs. for each nipple.  That should give the guests lots of fun.   I can just
hear your screams.  Oh that will be delicious." he said with that evil grin on
his face.

"But that green eyed guy said the Master didn't want It to have pain tonight and
that It would be getting pain reliever injections."

"We always tell the entertainment that.  They don't fight quite so hard while we
are getting them ready." he laughed.

"That injection should be wearing off anytime now and It will feel the pain.  
Another member of the medical team will be by just before the guest arrive to
give It an injection that will prevent It going unconscious.   It will have to
stay awake for the whole evenings festivities.   It will hate every pain filled
second of it, guaranteed." he laughed as he connected the four ten pound balls
to my nipples.

I was stunned.   They had made a promise just to keep me from fighting them.  
Bastards.   An injection to make sure I don't pass out.   Going to have to take
all the fucking pain they deliver.  Now I was scared.

  They all disappeared, leaving me alone in this big room, facing the tables.  
For the whole evening, I was going to be able to watch them enjoying themselves
eating and drinking, while I, a slave, was bound in this heartless position
suffering unknown agonies. 

Although not in pain, I was uncomfortable already.  The angle with which they
had secured me to the dildo ensured that I would not be able to stand straight
up of my own volition.   I could not really move the lower part of my body at
all.   The ankle chains and the dildo made sure of that.

I need not have feared the dildo.   It had gone in that extra inch but no more
than that.   The angle at which I was secured prevented it from penetrating any
further.  I was fairly certain that this was another situation where that drug
was keeping me from one hell of a lot of pain and I was not looking forward to
when it wore off.

It had been quite a while since Dickie and the two guys and left me alone.  
Perhaps as much as a half hour.  I started to wonder about what time it was and
what time this party was supposed to start.

I had been in the sling and was being fucked by those guys in the late morning.  
So assuming they finished at noon.......  oh fuck!   I had forgotten that I bit
a guys cock.  How was he I wondered.   I was pretty sure he was a slave just
like me and he really didn't deserve to have his cock  bitten off.   I felt real
bad, but it wasn't my fault.  It was that fucker that squeezed my fucking balls.  
It was his fault.

That played around in my mind for a few minutes and then I got back to wondering
about the time.  I had been fucked and had sucked a whole bunch of those guys
maybe all of them.   I couldn't remember how many, but there were a lot.   That
had to have taken a couple of hours.

If I assume Master Dieter hit me with the stung gun at noon and for sake of
argument will assume that I was taken to that rest room right away.   I had to
have been unconscious for half an hour or so.   When I woke up, Green eyes fed
me then told me to get some sleep.   Let's assume the feeding took half an hour,
that would bring the time up to around 1 pm.

He told me to sleep for four hours.  So it had to have been around 5 pm when he
woke me.  He then fed me and then I was brought here by Dickie.  If all those
assumptions were true, then it was only somewhere around 6 pm.   Most parties
don't start until around 8 or so.   Fuck that means I have to stand here for
close on 2 hours before the fucking party even starts.   How long will the party
go on?  A chill swept through me.

The time was dragging, it seemed like I had been bound here for hours.  Some
other slaves, had been in but they had been busy fussing around the tables at
the other end of the room.   Something was being done behind me as well, but I
could not get my head turned around enough to have a look.   These few
activities were all I had to break the boredom of being bound there.

I began to feel a dull ache in my balls.   The pain killer was wearing off and
soon I was going to be in agony, I just knew it.   Then I started to feel a dull
aching in my nipples, followed by a dull aching in my ass.

The aching from each area grew steadily until my balls started to have that
burning sensation.  The nipple aching increased for a bit and then became dull
again.   The pain in the ass increased until it felt like a knife had been
thrust up there.

The worst by far was the nut pain.   It became so painful I had tears in my eyes
and I think I may also have been crying out.   The pain was unrelenting, they
felt like they were being slowly crushed by a giant hand.

I was in such pain I did not hear or even see Dickie approach.

"Ah, I think It is in a bit of pain." he giggled.

I heard him but I was in no condition to answer.   I opened my eyes and through
the red haze could see the evil bastard standing in front of me grinning.

He moved up close and I watched as he lifted the four 10lb balls attached to my
nipples.  I knew he was going to drop them and I wanted to beg him not too, but
could not form the words.   My nuts were causing just too much pain.

His grin got bigger and his eyes brighter.   I could see how much amusement he
was getting, knowing that I was terrified he would drop them.

"Ready to feel the balls pull down on It's sweet little titties." he teased.

"Bet it will feel like they are being torn off." said with a big laugh
afterwards.

"Take a deep breath, piggy here goes the first one." he said as he let one of
the balls connected to my right nipple drop.

The pain was great, but the pain from my nuts was greater and I didn't  give
much reaction to the dropped weight.  This pissed him off so he immediately let
the other one attached to my right nipple go.

Again there was pain, but I didn't really react to it.  The smile left Dickie's
face, and he seemed to get a little red.

"Fucking piggy.   Let's see what happens when I drop both the left balls."  and
so saying he let them both drop.

This time the pain was sharp enough form me to give out an additional yell on
top of the moaning from the ball pain.  But it was only on the initial drop.  
Then my nipple seemed to go as numb as the other had.

"Mmmmm maybe I should lift up the nut weight and let if drop.   What does It
think.   Would It like to have the nut weight lifted and dropped?" he asked
evilly.

"Please.......M..M...mmaster Dickie...., Sir.   Please.....don't do that,
Sir.....Please." I managed to gasp out, terribly afraid he would.

I didn't think my nuts could take it.  If he dropped that weight my nuts would
be ruined forever.  I was really crying now and I managed to beg again.

"Please, Sir.  Don't drop that weight."

"Well piggy I really am a nice Master so I am not going to do that.  However you
can bet your life at least one of the guests will.   Those nuts are going to
suffer some real pain tonight."  he said and began laughing again.

"The guests should start arriving in about 15 to 20 minutes.   They may start on
you right away or they may wait until after dinner.   That's when you will have
to worry.  Once they get a few drinks in them they have a tendency to get
carried away.  Too bad for the entertainment."  he laughed and walked away.

A new worry began to sink through the waves of ball pain into my fevered brain.  
My bladder was full and needed releasing.  How long would I be able to hold it,
I wondered.   Just what I needed.

A few minutes later the green eyed guy showed up.

"Are you in pain?" he asked.

"Yes." I managed to gasp out.

"Ok, will fix you up.  Master has changed the orders.   I am not permitted to
give you a full pain reliever, however he has authorized a special shot to your
nuts.   This will keep them relatively pain free until the next injection." 

He pulled out a syringe, filled it from a little bottle, then bent down.   I
felt a sudden searing pain, then all the pain started to fade from my nuts.  
Unfortunately, the pain in my nipples now became very apparent as well as the
pain in my ass.

"Sir. My bladder is full and needs emptying." I said to him.

"Oh, well I will go get someone to come out and get you emptied.  We can't have
you pissing all over the floor or the guests, now can we." he smiled and walked
quickly away.

From the way he said it, I thought he isn't going to do anything.   I am going
to have to suffer and possibly piss myself and then be punished.   Well at least
the pain was all now tolerable.  While it was great, it was not all consuming.

To my surprise a young man, about 17 or 18 was suddenly in front of me with a 
large jug.  He grabbed hold of my penis and held it in the jug.

"It will piss now." he ordered, not even looking at me.

Well I wasn't about to look a gift horse in the mouth.   I opened my bladder and
felt blessed relief.   The jug was about half full before my bladder finally
emptied.   The lad shook my dick, then bent down and took it in his mouth.  He
sucked any remaining urine and at the same time caused me to get my first
erection of the evening.

Once he had it good and hard and throbbing, he let it go and stood up.  I
noticed that there were about five other slaves now standing just a short ways
away.  They all had small smiles on their faces.

The lad that had helped me piss, lifted the jug up to my lips.

"It will drink it's piss." he ordered and started tipping the jug up.

I had no choice, as the hot liquid hit my lips I opened them and began to drink. 
I would have thought that by now I would have gotten used to all the terrible
things they made me do to degrade myself in front of others.  But I hadn't.  
The smiles on those faces as they watched me being forced to drink my own piss,
made me feel small and insignificant.

He only made me drink about half of the contents of the jug.   Then he lifted
the jug and took a long swallow.   He turned around and walked up to each of the
gawking slaves and handed them the jug in turn.   They each took a long swallow. 
After the last one had taken his drink there was still a small amount left.  My
piss boy, well what the hell else could I call him, lifted the jug to his lips
and drained it.  They all turned and left me.

I was stunned by the whole display.   What was it in aide of?  What did it mean?  
Was it some kind of ritual?  Why did they all take a drink of my piss?  I was
totally baffled.

It was another 5 minutes or so before my next visitor arrived.   Dear old
Dickie.

"The guests have arrived piggy.   They will entering the ball room shortly and
your ordeal will begin.  I can only say that I am glad it's not me in your
place." he said this with that evil smile on his face.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 16

Punishment Day 1 (Evening)
Master Dieter's Party

I could hear a loud commotion behind me, but the collar made it impossible for
me to turn my head to see behind.  The door opened and I could hear people
filing into the ballroom.  I became extremely frightened.

Someone came up behind me and gave me a swat on the ass.  It was a hard slap and
left one hell of a sting, but worse, it caused that dildo that was holding me up
to shift which caused a sharp pain to travel through my bowels.

The slapper turned out to be a tall, blond,  blue eyed and young.   He couldn't
have been much older than I.   Maximum 20, I would be willing to bet.

"So Dieter has found us a new toy to play with." he smirked right in my face.

"I shall do my best to make your life as miserable as possible tonight,
fucknuts." he said as he wrapped a hand around my still semi erect dick. 

He began a slow wank and he held his nose almost touching mine.   He then lifted
is lips and gave me a quick, light kiss.   Then his tongue started to lick my
lips.   In spite of the pain from my nipples I was getting really turned on. 
After all this guy was a real choice piece of meat.

His hand continued to wank my dick, his tongue licking my face.  My mouth had
opened to gasp for air and his tongue found that nice warm hole and crawled
right on in.   His free arm went around my back and he pulled himself in and
began a serious deep kiss.   My cock was really throbbing now as his hot hand
worked it in a steady rhythm.

I was damned near ready to blow my load when he pulled away.  I was gasping and
moaning.

"Oh no, bitch.   You don't get to empty the old nut sac.  No sireee, but it sure
as hell is going to be fun keeping you up there." he leaned forward and gave me
another quick kiss on the lips before turning and walking off into the crowd
which had  formed all around me.

There had to be 30 or 40 people in the room.   About 15 or 20 of them had formed
a little semi circle around in front of me.   They must have been enjoying the
show the blond guy had just put on.

When the blond guy walked away, an older man dressed in a black leather suit
with a black shirt and white tie, made his way towards me.

He was only about 5' 5" or 5' 6'.   His hair had started to turn gray at the
sides and mustache and goatee were all gray.  He had sharp dark eyes that bore
right into you when he set them on you.

"So this is the famous Dinky doggie I have heard so much about.   If you survive
this training and Charlie decides to keep you I am going to have you over to
entertain some friends of mine." he said in a very pleasant voice.

"However, I have a feeling you may not survive this evening.   Just in case I
don't get a chance to later I want to have a go with your weights."  so saying
he bent over and picked up the 30 pounder attached to my nuts.

"Please don't Sir." I begged him softly.

He lifted the weight about two inches, looked my in the eye and said:

"Opps." as he dropped the weights.

The pain reliever that the green eyed guy had injected into my nuts stopped them
from feeling crushed while that weight just hung there.  It didn't do a thing
when the fucking weight was lifted and dropped.

A scream of agony erupted from the very bowels of my being and reverberated
around that ballroom, despite the number of people there.   Not only did that
weight cause severe agony to my nuts, it also cause my whole body to jerk which
in turn caused that dildo to shift again sending another sharp pain through my
bowels to complement the pain in my nuts.

I was screaming in agony and crying.   The pain was almost unbearable.   How
could these people do this to another human being.   The were all standing in
front of me laughing.   They were all treating it as some kind of joke.

Then all of a sudden the green eyed guy was in front of me. 

"The pain will go away in  a few minutes.   The pain reliever can not stop the
sudden pain caused by the dropping of the weights.  Sorry but there is nothing
else I can do for you.   I have to give you another injection.   The Master does
not want you passing out during the evening.    This will keep you wide awake
and alert." he said quietly close to my ear.

He then swabbed one of the raised arms and injected the damned stuff.   This 
whole thing was so unbelievable.   All I could do was pray that I would make it
through the evening in one piece.

The pain in my nuts was starting to ease and I had stopped moaning in pain. 
There were still tears in my eyes and they were a bit blurry.   I couldn't wipe
them, my hands were still bound.  Then I saw another older man approaching.  
Fear shot through me almost as fast as the pain had a few moments ago.

He was dressed almost identical to the bastard that had dropped the weight.  I
prayed that he was not going to do the same thing.

He was only a few feet away when my eyes finally cleared enough that I
recognized him.   My hear leapt for joy.
Charlie.

"Master Charlie, Sir.   Please take me home.  I promise I will never do anything
to make you unhappy again, Sir.   Please Sir, save me from this terrible agony."
I begged, tears flowing down my cheeks.

"What are you Harold?" he asked.

"I am nothing, Sir.  A nobody.  I am your devoted slave, Sir." I answered
quickly.

"I am thinking of having a garden party, Harold.   I would like to invite all
your old friends and coworkers to come over and you could spend the afternoon
sucking their cocks.   What do you think about that?" he asked.

"If it will please you Master Charlie, Sir, I will suck their cocks until I
choke to death, Sir." I answered.  

Do you by an chance get the impression that I really wanted Charlie get me out
of here?

"Then I thought it might be entertaining to put you in the kennel, a couple of
the dogs might like to have their cocks sucked by a useless piece of shit like
you, Harold." he said with a little bit of anger in his voice.

Oh fuck, not fucking dogs.   But I wanted out of here.

"I realize now that my only reason for living is to please you Master Charlie.  
Whatever you wish, I will do."

"Oh I know you will Harold, I know you will.   But you stay here until your
training is finished.   You have one more full day and night to learn everything
Master Dieter has to teach.   Learn well Harold, this is your last chance." he
said without any remorse.

"Yes Sir." I answered tears flowing freely again and the fear back in full
swing.  

I had taken a chance that he might relent, but lost.   I would have to go
through all the hell Dickie and Master Dieter had in store.

Charlie looked into my eyes then picked up one of the 10 lb balls attached to
each nipple.  Without a flicker of an eye he dropped them.  The pain of course
just tore through my pecs.

"The night is young Harold." he said as he turned and walked away.

The pain was still resounding through my pecs, the balls hadn't come to rest
yet.   Another young man stepped forward.   He was dressed in the crotchless
black leather pants, with a pouch for his jewels, an open black leather vest and
a hood that covered the eyes but left the nose, mouth and chin visible.   The
same outfit that Dickie always wore and that Larry and Pete wore.    I also had
noticed that quite a few of the guests were wearing this outfit.

As soon as he reached me he knelt down and took my now wilted dick in his mouth
and began to suck.   Despite the pain I had just gone through, my dick responded
rather quickly.   The lad was very good with his mouth.

He was doing things with his lips and tongue to the head of my dick while a
finger was rubbing around the rim of my ass hole that was flexing around the
dildo.  It wasn't long before I was moaning and gasping in ecstasy.  It felt so
good I didn't ever want it to stop.   All that pain was worth it to get this
wonderful feeling from those hot lips and that sloppy tongue.

I could feel my nuts begin to rise, pulling against the load they were
supporting.   I was going to cum.   My breathing got heavier and the pleasure
increased a hundred fold.  Just as I was about to blow, he stopped.

"Noooooooooo please.  Don't stop..... nooooo.  Please, please." I cried out.

The lad just stood up looked my in the eye and then spit in my face.   Of course
it got me in the eyes and I couldn't see.   I had no way to wipe my eyes.  I
heard him give a big laugh and then I think he walked away.

Tears had formed in my eyes again.   I had been so close to cumming and now I
needed it desperately.   But was totally incapable of doing anything about it. 
The spit was still in my eyes and I couldn't see anything.   The tears were
helping to wash it away, but it was a slow process.

My dick was throbbing, wanting release, but there was no release.  Then from out
of nowhere a stinging strike across my back.   Someone was taking a belt to my
back.   I cried out in pain, but no sooner did I get the yelp out then another
blow landed just below the shoulder blades.

It was a thin belt and it was really stinging.  It was nowhere near as bad as
the whip, but it was still considerably painful.  Whomever was doing the beating
was really enjoying himself.   The blows were falling repeatedly.   My back was
on fire.  All I could do was cry out my pain and beg for mercy.

"Aghhhhhhh.  Please stop. Ahggggg.  Please." I cried out.

But of course no one paid me the slightest attention.  The blows kept landing.  
He had worked his way down and was laying the stripes down my thighs.   First
one side then the other.  The bastard wanted to make sure he got every inch of
my back, each blow was so close to the previous one.

I had almost given up hope that this beating would ever end when a bell rang. 
The blows stopped instantly.  My eyes had cleared except for the tears and I saw
my tormentor for only a quick glance as he headed towards the tables at the
other end of the room.  For just a moment, I would have sworn, that it was, Pat.

I didn't get to see his face and in a moment he was lost in the crowd.  As they
all moved towards the tables I realized that while they were at the tables I
would be able to relax.  They would be so busy filling there ugly faces I
wouldn't have to worry about them tormenting me.

Up against the far wall there was a head table, Master Dieter sat in the centre. 
There were two other Masters at the table.  Master Charlie to his left and
Master Granger to his right.   Master Granger was the Master that made me suck
the dog and got me into this predicament in the first place.

Also at the head table,  Dickie sat between Master Dieter and Master Granger.   
It looked like Pete sitting between Dieter and Charlie.   The blond guy that had
kissed me earlier was sitting to the left of Granger.

I had now figured out the pecking order.  All the Master's wore black leather
suits with a black shirt and white tie.  All the slaves  wore the black
crotchless leather pants and open vest, with the half hood.

A few of the guest worn business suits.  Something didn't seem right to me but I
hadn't put my finger on it yet.   Something that was out of place.  I was musing
over that when I saw Charlie lift his arm and wave to one of the slave waiters.

The lad rushed over quick and Charlie said something to him.   I saw him nod in
agreement then rush away.  A few moments later he was heading towards me with a
large mug of beer.

Oh fucking no, I thought.   Charlie you rotten bastard.  He knows how much I
hate beer.  Besides if I drink beer I will soon have to piss and I can not get
to the toilet trussed up like this.

The lad came right up to me with the jug and lifted it to my lips.

"It will chug-a-lug.  If it spills any, I have been ordered to lift your nut
weights and drop them." he said out loud.  

"I really don't want to do it, man.  I have been in this position myself so I
know what you are going through.   I will try to keep you from loosing any." he
whispered.

I looked him in the eye, opened my mouth and began to drink.  He was very good
and managed to maintain the mug at just the right angle and was ready every time
I had to stop to catch a breath.   Between us, we managed to get the whole thing
into me without spilling any.

"Thanks man." I whispered.

He winked and turned around to face the revelers.

"The pig drank it all without spilling any, Master Dieter, Sir." he shouted out.

He then turned back towards me.

"Sorry man, but I have no choice." he whispered just loud enough for me to hear.

He then crouched down and took my dick in his mouth and began to suck.  He ran
his tongue lovingly over the head of my quickly hardening dick.   Flicking it up
and down the piss slit.   Then down the shaft.   In no time at all I was fully
hard again.

My cock was fully erect and throbbing as the lad began to fuck his face.    I
could not do a thing as it was impossible to move my lower body.   He was taking
my dick all the way down his throat.   When he was fully impaled he would start
to make vibrations in his throat which sent wonderful sensations through my
entire body.

The lad was a really great cocksucker.   I was sure he had, had lots and lots of
practice in this art.   For that is what it was, he had perfected his technique
to an art form

I was gasping and moaning again and near ready to explode.     I could feel my
nuts shifting around under the load of the weights.    The lad took me right up
to the fraction of a second before release before stopping.    I was crying out
in ecstasy and had even started to scream out that I was cumming, when he
stopped.

"Nooooo." I cried out.  "Please, noooo.  Don't leave it like this."

But of course it was no use, the lad stood up and scurried off.

Although I hate the taste of beer I had to admit that I had been very dry, what
with all the screaming I had been doing.   The beer at least wet my mouth.    It
had been a very large mug, I have no idea how much it held, but it was having an
effect on me.   As I began to get over my near climax, I could feel my lower lip
had begun to feel funny and the dull aches I had been experiencing were almost
gone.

Well I thought,  Master Charlie is playing the good guy.    The beer helps to
dull the pain.   Thank you Charlie, it is better than nothing. 

I continued to watch the bastards all being served hot plates of the most
wonderful smelling food.  My mouth was watering from the smells.  Almost
everyone had been served when I saw Master Granger's hand to up and signal to
the waiter.    The same lad as before went rushing over.  Then he dashed off.

A few moments later he was heading back towards me with another big mug of
fucking beer.

"It will chug-a-lug this beer and not spill a drop or it will be whipped." he
said out loud.

"Same procedure as last time." he whispered as he raised the mug to my lips.

Again we were most fortunate in getting it all into me without spilling any.  I
was still feeling the effects of the first one and could just imagine what this
one would do to me.

Then I had a great thought.  Hell maybe the stupid pricks would get me loaded,
then I wouldn't feel any of the shit they were going to put me through.   Yeah,
go for it, I giggled.  The giggle just slightly audible.

"The piggy has drunk all the beer without spilling any, Master Dieter." he
shouted out.

Then he turned back to me, got down on his knees and began to work my cock
again.  It was still semi erect from the last time he did this.   While he was
working my dick I watched as another slave headed towards me carrying a chair.

As soon as he reached me, the lad sucking my dick got up and walked away.   The
lad with the chair placed it directly in front of me and climbed up.   As soon
as he started to climb up on the chair I knew what was about to happen.

He pulled off his pouch and a huge 7 inch, uncut, flaccid dick stared me in the
face.

"Blow me." he ordered, loud enough for the whole room to hear.

Now I ask you, what do you do when you have a beautiful cock like that in your
face, you blow it of course.  I stuck out my tongue and beginning at the piss
slit, I licked up and over the flange of the head and down the shaft.   Just
like you would a Popsicle. 

The more I licked that beautiful example of manhood the harder it got.   It rose
up proud and strong and as it rose I got more excited and lost myself in it's
glorious texture, odour and taste. 

Being unable to bend at the waist I could not get down to lick and suck his
huge, low hangers.    He saw what I was trying to do and shifted himself, but it
was still not enough.   Sadly I had to forgo his nuts.

I made up for it by working the head as well as I could.  Little quick stabs and
licks all over and particularly beneath.   He shivered and moaned his pleasure. 
Silver streams of precum started to dribble from the slit and I grabbed each and
ever sweet little morsel as it leaked out, like the sap of a sugar Maple.

Maybe the bastards wouldn't let me cum, but I sure as hell was going to make
sure this boy did.   I wanted his seed in my mouth.   I wanted to taste and feel
it on my lips and tongue.  Flowing through my teeth and down my throat.

The time had come to get that hot piece of boy meat down my greedy throat.  I
worked the head back to the opening, gave a little gag, pulled back just a
smidgen and then rammed home, swallowing the whole 9 inches of fully erect cock
down my throat.   All that rape of my mouth and throat this morning prepared me.

The lad gave a might yell of ecstasy as he felt his manhood drive all the way
down this bound slaves throat.   He involuntarily started humping my face, I
would have done the same, in his position.

I loved the feel of that big, fat, velvety organ sliding up and down my now wet
throat.  The feeling was awesome.   My own cock was now throbbing
uncontrollably.  I suddenly realized that I was going to beat the bastards at
their own game.  I was so turned on by this lads cock fucking my face that I
knew I would cum when he did.

I gave a little giggle at the thought and the vibrations sent a surge of
pleasure through that huge mastodon humping my tight throat.   His yell and
groan only spurred me on to greater heights of ecstasy.   This was almost as
good as being sucked.

He then began a series of little cries that told me he was ready to start
shooting.   He increased the rhythm of his humping and I increased the
stimulation of my tongue around the pistoning, hot rod of male meat.

"Ahgggggggggggg suck my cock piggy." he bellowed as he started to shoot his load
into my mouth and throat.

"Oh yeah, bitch.  Take my cum.  Swallow it all piggy.  Oh fuck suck it man."  he
was in total ecstasy as his hot juices filled me.

I was busy gobbling it all down when my own balls already filled beyond
capacity, and being squashed by that fucking weight, began to unload.

It was not a strong, hard pulsing cum and there was actually a bit of pain
associated with it.   The fucking weight was interfering, but at least I managed
to get it off.   It made me feel good to be able to beat them and proud that I
still had some of my own individuality left.

When the lad finally finished shooting I cleaned him up as best I could.   He
pulled his now softening dick out of my mouth and stood back.   He then stepped
down from the chair.  That was when he noticed that I had shot my load and the
poor lads face went white.

I realized right away what the problem was.  Everyone had got up from the tables
and where now milling around us.  The lad heard the sounds and turned around.  
I saw him begin to tremble.

Too late I realized my victory, was his defeat.   He was not supposed to let me
cum, he was in big trouble.

"Strip asshole." Master Dieter commanded of the lad.

The lad quickly removed his vest, the hood, his pouch and crotchless pants.   He
sat down on the floor and just as quickly removed his boots.    One of the other
slaves stepped forward and retrieved all of his clothing.

"Stand.  Place your hands behind your head with your fingers interlocked  and
spread your legs wide." Dieter commanded as soon as the young man was stripped.

"What were your orders?" Dieter demanded.

"Sir, to make the piggy suck me to climax, but not let him cum in the process,
Sir."  he stated loudly and clearly.

"Explain why you have disobeyed your orders." Dieter demanded. 

"I let my own pleasure come before the pleasure of my Master.   I was selfish,
Sir." he answered.

"What should your Master do about this wanton disregard for his orders?" Dieter
asked, his ice blue eye's boring into the lad.

"My Master should punish this useless slave without mercy, Sir." he answered.

"And so it shall be.  You will stand in this position while each of the Master's
delivers 5 of the best to your hide.   You will not move or pull away."  Dieter
commanded loudly.

"Yes Master.  I will not move, Sir." he answered.

The Master's quickly formed up in two lines, one on each side facing the lad. 
Each of the Master's unfastened his belt from around his waist.  Master Dieter
headed up the line on the left and Master Charlie headed up the line on the
right.

Master Dieter raised his arm and laid the first blow across the poor boys
abdomen.   Charlie then delivered his first blow across the shoulders.   They
went on, each taking a turn.  I was surprised that the lad had not cried out in
pain, although I knew beyond a doubt that he was hurting.

Once they were lined up it was easy for me to take a count.   There were a total
of 20 Master's present.   The lad was going to have to take 50 lashes to his
front and 50 to his back.  When Dieter and Charlie were finished the next two
stepped up. 

Master Granger on the left and the short guy that had dropped my nut weight at
the beginning of the evening was on the right.  

Five Master's had had their go at the poor boy.   I couldn't see his front, he
was facing away from me, but I could see his back and it was one mass of red
welts.  It was the 6th Master, on the right side that brought the first groan of
pain from the boy.  From then on he was unable to hold his pain in any longer
and his yells and screams got louder.   But not once during the whole, horrible
ordeal did he lower his arms or move from the spot he had been ordered to stand
in.

Tears of pain and sorrow for my selfishness coursed down my cheeks.   This boy
was suffering this horrible ordeal because of my selfish pride.   I wanted to
scream out and tell them to stop and beat me instead.   But my fear was so great
I just kept my mouth shut and cried silently.

After the last blow was struck, two slaves moved forward and led the lad away.  
Then to my horror Master Dieter started walking over towards me.

"Was the pig given permission to cum?" he asked, his cold blue eyes digging into
me and filling me with dread.

"No Sir.  It was not given permission to cum, Sir." I answered, trembling from
the tip of my toes to the very ends of the hairs on my head.

"20 lashes on the back, ass and legs to be administered by Master Giovanni." he
said coldly and walked away.

Master Giovanni turned out to be the little shit that had dropped my weight.  
He had a wicked smile on his face as he walked towards me, slapping his fucking
belt against the palm of his hand.

I was terrified.   20 lashes.    This guy may be a bit short, but he was
powerfully built.   He would be able to deliver one hell of a wallop.   I was in
for a very painful experience, but then what wasn't around here.

He walked out and took up a position to my left.   I watched him as he prepared
to enjoy himself beating the shit out of me.   The belt was raised and as his
arm began the forward thrust I looked away, closed my eyes and gritted my teeth.   
If that lad could hold on without screaming for 50 lashes divided between his
front and back, surely I could handle 20 on my back alone.

The first lash landed just above my waist and stung like hell.   I gave a small
grunt but managed to keep the pain inside.  The next landed a little higher.  
Each lash seemed to sting more than the one before, but I managed to hold back
my screams of pain.   In many ways, concentrating on not scream eased the pain
of the actual strike, I am sure.

Now while I was able to hold back the screams, I sure as hell could not hold
back the tears.  It was a stinging, fiery kind of pain.   Compared to the pain I
had suffered in my nuts and nipples this was really nothing at all. 

Master Giovanni had been lashing me at a steady pace, then the lashing stopped. 
In surprise I opened my eyes and looked at him.    He had a big scowl on his
face as he started to place the belt back around his waist.  He was finished, 20
lashes and I had not screamed out.  I almost made the mistake of smiling at him.

He walked back to the group of Master's and slaves that had been witnessing and
having one hell of a good time at my expense.   Master Charlie detached himself
from the group and came over towards me.   I was hurting pretty bad, tears of
pain rolling down my cheeks.  Please, Charlie, I thought, no more beatings.

He came right up to me and he had a glowing smile on his face.   Yeah, alright
from him to glow and smile, wasn't him that just had the life beaten out him.

"You did real good Harold.   You did me proud, not a sound out of you and we
hadn't even got around to training you for that.  You deserve to be rewarded. 
Provided you don't do anything tonight to embarrass me, I will send Pat to bring
you home tomorrow evening." he said laying a hand on my shoulder.

All I could do was cry like a baby.

"Thank you, Sir." I said through the tears.

All I had to do now was get through the night without getting into any more shit
and he would let me come home early.   The only problem is, if he tells Dieter
that, he  will have his guys do everything in their power to fuck me up.    I
was going to have to be very careful until this party broke up.

They all started heading back to their tables.   Before they were all seated the
lad with the beer was on his way back out.   Shit, I thought, my lower lip was
still feeling funny from the last one.  Oh well here we go again. 

It was the same routine.   Before he bent down to start sucking me I told him
that I would need to empty my bladder again.   He whispered that he would send
someone out as soon as he got back.

He bent down and in no time at all had my dick up and throbbing.    He kept it
up until I was ready to blow, then stopped.   As he got up he winked, then
turned around and left.

That mug of beer went through my system pretty quick.  The numbness I had been
feeling in my lower lip now spread to my upper lip and my cheeks felt real warm. 
Although my back was still a bit sore, I was happy.

A few moments later another slave was heading towards me holding a big jug.   Oh
yeah I thought.  Gonna let me piss, but make me drink it again then I'll have to
piss again in a few minutes.   As this went through my mind, the notion that it
was funny struck me and I began to giggle out loud.

The slave arrived and thrust the jug under my dick and told me to let it go.  I
opened my bladder and felt blessed relief.   The jug was almost full before my
bladder was finally empty.   The lad gave my dick a shake then bent down and
sucked it clean, which of course brought my dick back up to attention.

I thought the lad would just lick it clean and then stop, but no he kept on
sucking.   Waves of pleasure started to roll over me again.   Oh, man it felt so
good.   This lad also was an expert with his mouth. When he had me gasping and
moaning pretty good and just about to unload, he stopped.

I felt really perturbed not so much because I wouldn't be able to cum, but
because it felt so good and he had stopped.

"Shit!" I exclaimed, loud enough that some of the guests may have heard.

The lad gave me a warning look and shook his head, No.   I realized what I had
done and it helped to bring me back to my senses, at least for a little while.  
The fucking beer was going to cost me getting away from this hell hole early.

The waiters had started taking away empty plates.   Some of the guests were
still eating and there was a dull roar from the conversations.   The beer was
really going to my head.  

I was half loaded and was humming a little tune to myself to pass the time as I
watched the assholes being waited on hand and foot.  Considering all the
terrible things that had been done to me in the last few hours, how the hell
could I be so happy?

Then Dieter's hand went up.   I took quick note of that, because it meant
another gallon of beer.   Ok, so I may be exaggerating a bit, but it seemed like
a fucking gallon, get off my case will ya.

The same waiter went rushing over, received his orders and disappeared.   A few
moments later he was heading towards me with another big jug of beer.

"Yahoo!" I said just loud enough for him to hear.  "Beer time at the pig farm." 
and began to giggle.

When the lad arrived he raised the jug to my lips and I started to drink.    I
drank and drank the foul shit, but oh my how good it was making me feel.   I
didn't give a damn for Dieter, shmeiter, Charlie, shmarlie or Granger, danger. 
How the hell we managed to get that mug into me without spilling any I will
never know.   I was so high I couldn't have cared less if I spilled it or not.

The meal seemed to go on and on.  I had now progressed from humming to singing. 
The waiters were serving coffee when I noticed one of them headed towards me
with a jug.   The jug was empty so I figured he was coming to let me empty my
bladder.  Good thing, it was full and was getting ready to be demanding. 

After I had filled the jug, the little prick did the same thing the last one
had.   He sucked my cock until I was almost ready to cum and then stopped.

"Prick!" I snapped at him.

It wasn't all that loud but loud enough for him to hear.   He looked up at me
and mouthed the word, "sorry".   I felt like a complete asswipe.   It wasn't his
fault he was only obeying orders.  What a fucking asshole I am.

The guests had all been served coffee and port and whatever the hell else they
were drinking and Dieter rose to his feet.  He addressed Charlie then Granger
and  began a long speech.

He talked about how it was going to be necessary to increase the intake of new
slaves.   The demand, particularly in the middle east was very high.  As well
the parts farms were really busy and it was becoming difficult finding enough
suitable candidates to keep them stocked.

He went on to say that although stocking the farms was important, they had to be
careful that only those unsuitable for slavery, be sent, otherwise there would
quickly be a slave shortage.  Resources had to be managed professionally.

He suggested a standing committee be struck to look into ways and means.

He then began talking about things that completely baffled me, mind you with all
that beer running around in my head, I am not surprised.

When Dieter finally finished, Charlie took his place and talked for another half
hour or so.   Then it was Granger's turn.   When Granger finished the floor was
thrown open and all kinds of little speeches were made, and questions asked by
the other Masters present.   None of the slaves talked.

When there were no more questions from the floor, Dieter adjourned the meeting.   
They all continued to sit at the tables.   The slaves were taking drink orders.  
Dieter, Charlie and Granger got up and went to various tables.  They would sit
and talk for a bit then get up and move around.  

No one paid any attention to the drunk slave, with the dildo stuck up his ass
and his feet chained to the floor.   Which made the drunk slave with the dildo
stuck up his ass and his feet chained to the floor very happy.

I was watching Charlie progress from table to table and didn't see the green
eyed guy approach.    He just all of a sudden was there, standing in front of
me.

"How are you holding up?" he asked.

"Well hello there my beautiful, green eyed guy." I said with slurred speech.

"I am a happy, but bored little piggy that has a couple'a balls filled with cum
that I would dearly love to blow all over the floor or down the throat of one'a
those sweet jocks that keep comin' out here." I started giggling at my great
wit.

"I think perhaps the beer has gone to your head, and perhaps eased the pain,
huh?" he said with a smile.

"Somethin' has that's for sure." I replied.  "Because right now I ain't....,
feelin' any pain." and I began to laugh.

"Well I am going to give you another injection in your sac.   The meeting went
on a lot longer then was expected so you may be spared one hell of a lot of
pain.   They have more important things on their minds then playing with you
tonight, but I am going to give you the injection just in case."  he said as he
took the syringe and a bottle out of his case.  

He filled the syringe, squeezed a little out, then bent down and I felt the
sting of the needle as it entered my nut sac.  The sting vanished almost as
quickly as it came.

"There that should do you until they leave.   With a little luck they may go
early.   In any case once they leave I will be back to collect you.   You will
be spending the night in that little room I had you in earlier today.   Your
nuts are going to require some special care after carrying that weight so long.  
They will be very sore tomorrow."  he smiled and then turned and left me.

"Good bye, my green eyed dream." I said to his retreating back.

So he thinks I might luck out and they won't bother me much.  Mmmmm.... all I
can say is he doesn't know me and my luck.   I started watching Charlie's
progress again and didn't see another young slave slip up to me.    First I knew
of his presence was the warmth of his mouth on my semi rigid dick.

This lad was either not as experienced or just not as good as the others.   It
took him quite a while to get me moaning.   But he knew his cocks and he kept at
it until he felt me getting ready to shoot, then stopped.   He pulled off, got
up and scurried away,  leaving me gasping for air.

"Mmmmm looks like that cock wants to shoot all over the floor again." a voice
said.

I hadn't heard or seen him creep up.   It was the blond guy from earlier.  He
came right up to me, placed his lips on mine and started searching my mouth with
his tongue again.   This time however, he kept his hands away from my dick.

My dick was throbbing and bouncing and dribbling precum.  Blondie was a
fantastic kisser, I was sure if he kept this up I would blow my load again
without anyone touching my cock.    I had started gasping for air again when he   
finally pulled away.

"Such a shame you are not permitted to cum.   I would love to wrap my hot lips
around that dick and make you blow your balls down my throat.   Oh well, maybe
next time." he said with a smile and then walked away.

"Oh I do hope there is a next time, Sir." I said.

Oh how I would love to have him suck me till I came.  Right now I would settle
for anyone sucking me till I came.  It was a good thing the green eyed guy had
injected that stuff into my nuts.   I'll bet I would have the worst case of blue
balls in the world if he hadn't.

I now noticed that the guests were leaving the tables and forming up into small
groups.    The waiters were still bringing drinks around, so this party was far
from over.   All I could do was hope that they would continue discussing their
problems and leave me the hell alone.

By now you all know about me and my, "hopes".   Like my prayers they are never
answered.    Two slave guests were headed my way.

"Mmmmm, look Jeff, the pig has a hard on and is dribbling pig juice all over the
floor." the first one said.

"Not very nice of the pig to dribble pig juice on Master Dieters floor, Rick."
answered Jeff

"I wonder what we can do to teach the pig to show better manners when It is out
in public." Rick asked.

"Well, I have something here that might teach It some manners." Jeff said,
pulling a black case about 10 inches long by 5 across, from the inside of his
vest.

"Really Jeff, do you carry those things everywhere you go?" Rick asked.

"Never know when they will come in handy.   Besides it is always fun to
practice, so one takes every opportunity." he answered with a smile.

"Your the only guy I know that travels everywhere with a set of Sounds." Rick
laughed.

"But I think they just might do the trick."

I listened apprehensively to the discussion and didn't like the look of that
little black case.    What was a Sound, I wondered.    Well one thing for sure,
it probably produced pain, these fuckers seemed to thrive on causing pain.

Jeff opened the case.   From my position it looked like about five or six steel
rods or needles.   I couldn't get a real good look from my position.

Rick wrapped a hand around my throbbing dick and lifted it up.

"The slit looks big enough to start with a number two, Jeff." he said to his
buddy.

Jeff removed one of the rods.   It turned out to be a steel rod as long as the
inside of the case and about a quarter inch in diameter.   One end had a little
round ball attached.  It then dawned on me what these two pricks were going to
do with this thing they called a sound.

"Please Sir, don't stick that thing in my dick.   I have had something like that
before and it really hurts bad.  Please Sir, don't do it."  I begged.

"Should'a thought'a that before ya dribbled your piggy juices all over the
floor.   No quit your fuckin' sniveling." Rich snapped.

Jeff handed him the Sound.   He worked the little ball around in my precum, then
carefully inserted it in my piss slit.  The first touch of the Sound was cold,
but the heat from my dick soon warmed it up.   He began to slowly push it up my
urethra.

It had gone in about an inch or so before I felt the first twinges of pain.  It
wasn't serious pain, just a sharp little twinge and a bit of a burning
sensation.   He kept pushing it further and further up my dick until the entire
length was buried in my urethra.

He wrapped a big warm hand around my dick and began to masturbate me.  He made
sure to press against the sound as he slid his hand slowly up and down my
pecker.  It was very uncomfortable and I didn't like it at all.

Mind you it did not cause me dick to drop.  If anything it was throbbing more
than before and it was still oozing precum.  His pumping my dick caused the
Sound to start pushing it's way out.  He stopped wanking, grasped the end and
pulled the Sound out until the little ball was under the hand that had been
wanking me.

"Ya ain't gonna like this piggy boy." he said, looking me in the eye and
smiling.

He grasped my dick tight and began wanking me again.   This time the ball was
under his hand and each stroke forward and back brought pain.  I gritted my
teeth and tried hard not vocalize my pain.   I did not find this erotic at all.   
My cock didn't go flaccid, but it wasn't throbbing as hard as it had been
either.

He wanked a few more strokes, stopped and grasped the end of the Sound.  He
looked my in the eye then pulled the Sound out in one quick pull.  This time I
had to make a very conscious effort not to cry out.   The fucking thing felt
like it was pulling the inside of my cock out with it.

"Let's try the number 3 Jeff,  the 2 was too loose, the piggy barely felt it."
he said.

He took the larger Sound and again lubed it with my own precum.    The shaft of
this one looked to be about three eighths of an inch in diameter and the ball
about half inch.

"This one's gonna really require some forcing, Jeff.   Piggy will scream for
sure." he said giving a big laugh.

Great just what I needed.   It's gonna burn like hell trying to piss for the
next few days.  

But of course I was wrong.   It was going to hurt for a lot longer.   The ball
and shaft of the Sound he was using was not smooth like the previous one.   This
one had ridges or something and felt like it was tearing the insides of my
urethra to pieces.

"Ahgggggahhhhhaaggggg." I cried out.

"Please, stop. Oh man it hurts so bad.  Pleaeseeeeeeeeeeeee." I cried.

"What did I tell ya, Jeff.   We got this little piggy crying and begging." he
laughed.

"Wait 'til I start wankin' ya, piggy, then you will really feel pain." he said
to me.

He wasn't going to have much to work with though, my cock and gone flaccid.  
The pain took away any lust I might have had.   All I wanted was that fucking
thing out of my dick.

Once he had the Sound up as far as he wanted it, the bastard wrapped his paw
around my dick tight and began to wank.

He couldn't get much movement, but it was enough to cause more excruciating pain
to my cock.   I cried and begged, but it did no good, he just kept having his
fun.

Thank heaven small minds get bored quickly.   He finally tired of the game and
pulled the Sound out.   Didn't do me any good though.   The damage had been
done.   My cock was burning on the inside.

"Let that be a lesson to you piggy." Rick said placing his nose practically on
mine.

"Don't go dribbling your fucking slime all over the hosts floor when you are a
guest." he said, his eyes boring into mine.

Then he kissed me on the lips, more a peck then a kiss and then he and his buddy
left.

All I could do was continue to cry from the burning pain raging through my dick.  
It was burning worse now then it had from that swizzle stick Killer had used on
me.   Pissing was not going to be much fun for quite some time.

"Dicks hurting pretty bad, hut?" said the green eyed guy close to my ear.

I hadn't seen him approach.

"Yes." I answered through my pain induced sobs.

"It is on fucking fire."

"Ok, hang on and I will fix it right up." he said as he bent down in front of
me.

He carefully lifted my burning cock.   I watched as he stuck the end of a tube
into the piss slit.  He gave a hard squeeze and the fire in my dick turned to
molten lava.

"Ahhhhhhhhgggggggggggggggggggg." I screamed out in agony.

He paid not attention and kept squeezing the contents of the tube up my dick.  
He then wrapped his hand around it and began to wank it slowly.   It was still
like molten lave inside but he continued to ignore my screams.

Then amazingly, the pain began to ebb.   He continued to wank and the pain
continued to decrease.    He kept this up until the pain was completely gone.  
Then he stood up.

"There that should do it.   Sorry it hurt so much, but there is nothing we can
do about that.    The ointment that I just massaged into your urethra will heal
any abrasions very quickly.    You will not have any more pain from what those
two did to your dick." he explained.

"Thanks man,  the pain was really bad." I said gratefully.

"It's ok, just hang in.   This will all be over soon." he smiled, touched my
shoulder and headed back out into the crowd.

It wasn't long before another slave approached.   This one was very dark
complexioned.   He may have been Italian.   The parts of his body that were
visible were covered in a heavy mass of thick, black hair.

His eyes sparkled and shone with friendly good humor.   He placed both hands on
my shoulders, leaned in and kissed me.   His tongue pushed out from his hot lips
and thrust into my mouth.   He then placed both arms around my back and squeezed
into me as he kissed.

He started to gyrate his pouch enclosed dick against mine.   Needless to say he
was turning me on in a big way.   My cock sprung right up and I could feel his
doing the same behind his pouch.

He continued to kiss and squeeze me tight while he gyrated his cock against me.   
Then I felt the most amazing thing, someone had unfastened his pouch and pulled
it away.   He was now working his bare, hard, throbbing cock against mine.   It
was the first time I had felt anything like this and it was fantastic.

I was really turned on and began gasping and moaning around the tongue exploring
every nook and cranny inside my now quivering mouth.  I must also say that my
own tongue was not just sitting there like a big lump.   It was busy doing it's
own exploring.

His gyrations suddenly became really fast humping motions as he fucked his cock
against mine and my pubs.    Then I felt his hot fluid shooting between us and
getting worked into the skin.  

I was nowhere near being ready to cum yet and I guessed he figured that because
he just kept humping until he was dry.  He pulled his tongue out of my mouth,
pulled his lips partly away, then kissed my lips again before disengaging.

A small tear formed in my eye, oh how I wanted this to continue.    I had never
experienced anything like it before.  I only knew I would want to do it again.

As he pulled away, two slaves quickly approached and kneeled in front of us.  
One started cleaning me up while the other cleaned him.  

The hot tongue lapping around my dick, pubs and abs had my old dick just a
bouncing.   I finally had reached the point where I really couldn't handle
anymore stimulation and was ready to blow.    The lad sensed this right away and
stopped.

He then dropped down onto his hands and knees and began licking the floor.   He
was cleaning up the mess my precum had been making.   How degrading it must be
for him, I thought.  

The slave that had been cleaning up the Italian guy finished and left.   The
Italian guy gave me a wink and disappeared as well.    When the lad finished
cleaning the floor he stood up and walked off.   I was all alone again in a room
full of men.

But not for long.

I watched as a slave pushing a cart, ahead of himself, headed towards me.  He
was followed by two others.   What's up now I wondered.

The slave pushed the cart up beside me and stopped.    There were a number of
strange looking objects on the top.  The bottom portion was closed in and it had
a drawer and a large door below that.

The slave pulled open the drawer and took out a straight razor and laid it on
the top.   He then pulled out a can and shook it a bit.    Bringing the can up
to my right pec he squirted white foam onto my pec.    With his other hand he
swished it around until quite a large area was covered with the foam.    From
the smell I knew it was shaving foam.

Why would they want to shave my pec.  I hardly have what you would call hair
there.   I am practically bald.

As soon as he had the foam spread around one of the other slaves picked up the
razor and deftly scraped all the foam off and presumably any peach fuzz I may
have had there.

While the lad with the razor was busy the chap with the foam went around to my
rear and foamed up my left ass cheek.  Then the lad with razor was there
scraping my ass cheek.

The lad with the foam came around in front and knelt down.   I looked down and
watched him spread the foam all around my pubs.   Well I guess I was now going
to have a bald dick to go with all my other baldness.   I still was pretty high
from the beer and found that funny, so began to giggle.

Then the razor man was down there and shaved my pubs clean.   I could just
imagine what it now looked like.   However I was still baffled.    Why the
shaving?    What dastardly, painful ordeal did Dieter have planned for me now.

When they were both finished another lad stepped up with a spray bottle.  He
sprayed my pec liberally then wiped it dry with a clean towel.  He continued on
to do my ass cheek and my pubs.

Their work completed the three slaves stepped back, behind the cart and stood
side by side.   A tall Master stepped forward.

"Harold, what are you?" he asked loudly.

"I am a slave, Sir." I answered.

"To whom do you belong?"

"To Master Charlie, Sir."

"What may Master Charlie do with you?"

"Anything he wants, Sir.   He owns me."

"Master Charlie has decreed that you should be marked with his mark." he said
looking into my eyes.

"Do you have any objections to being so marked?"

A trick question.  I knew it.  If I make any objection I will never leave Master
Dieter's hell hole and may even end up in that parts farm that so desperately
needs bodies.

"I can make no objection, Sir.  Master Charlie owns this body and may do with it
what pleases him to do, Sir." I said, hating myself for giving in, but knowing I
had no choice except pain and possibly death.

I was looking at Charlie when I said it.   He positively beamed when I finished
making that statement.   He was a very happy man.   All I can say is I am glad
someone was happy, it sure wasn't me.

The Master turned away from me then.  The green eyed guy materialized from out
of nowhere and was standing before the cart.  He bent down and opened the big
door in the bottom half.   He flicked some switches, took something with wires
attached out and stood up.

"Harold, just relax." he said quietly and calmly.

"This is a Laser Brander.   It is relatively painless and it is automatic.    I
will place this pad on your chest and tape it into place, then push this little
button." he informed me pointing the button.

"The laser will go to work and burn Master Charlie's brand into your chest.  It
is much more effective then the branding that they do on cattle.   This brand
can never be removed and it is not even painful."

Saying that he pushed the button.   There was a sudden whirring noise from the
cart and I felt a slight prickling sensation on my chest.  The whole process
only took a couple of seconds and he was removing the pad.

He motioned to one of the other slaves.  The lad stepped forward and removed a
mirror from the drawer.  He held it up so I could see my new brand.   I had
expected to see something ugly, like, "This pig belongs to Charlie."  Instead,
what I saw was the head of an eagle.  It was approximately 4" x 4" and was
black. 

While I was admiring the mark that made me Charlie's property, the green eyed
guy was taping the laser to my right ass cheek.   I guess they want the mark in
two places just in case they tear one off.   I shuddered at the thought.

A few moments later the green eyed guy was taping the thing to  my pubic area. 
He pushed the button, the whirring started then stopped.   He removed the thing
and the slave with the mirror tipped it so I could now see my pubic area.  
Instead of an Eagle what I saw was the word, "SLAVE", in big capital letters,
right across my pub.

Oh shit I thought.   What the hell did they do to my ass?   I guess I wouldn't
find out until someone decided to tell me.  However I still had enough of the
beer in me that I became very brave and just asked.

"Sir." I said to the green eyed guy.

"What was branded on my ass?"

He looked at me then over to Master Dieter.   Master Dieter gave a, "yes",  nod.

He looked at me and said:

"The Property of Master Charlie."

Damn it I knew the fucker would put something like that on me..........  
Sonofabitch.    He kept me practically naked all the time, that pouch hid
nothing except my dick and balls.   Those two fucking brands would be visible to
everyone all the fucking time.   I felt sick inside.

The green eyed guy began packing up his equipment and then he and his three
helpers left.  Charlie immediately made his way to me.

"I some how got the impression you do not like the brands, Harold." he said
quietly.

"What I like or do not like is of no importance, Sir.  My only role in life from
here on is to obey." I said sadly.

"Yes, that is your role, Harold, and your likes and dislikes are not relevant. 
But just to satisfy my own curiosity, what do you honestly think of them?" he
asked.

"Sir, I have no objection to the Eagle, I think it looks rather good.   The
words on my ass and pubs, which will always be visible are probably the meanest
thing you have ever done to me, Sir." I answered, my lips trembling, afraid he
would go off the deep end.

"Yes, you are probably right.   I don't particularly like marking my slaves,
Harold, but you are a special case.  You have such an independent spirit that I
want you to be constantly reminded of who you are and to whom you belong." so
saying he turned and walked away.

The beer slave was waiting right behind him.   As soon as he walked away the
beers slave walked up and I had to drink another mug of the fucking stuff.

When he had finished pouring the beer down my throat, he turned around and
announced that I had got it all down without spilling any.  As he left another
slave was right behind him holding a chair.  I knew what that meant, time to
suck more cock.

He was a very good looking older man.  He was about 5' 9", 170 lbs, dark hair
and well tanned.   He placed the chair then climbed up.      He placed his hands
behind my head and pushed my face into his leather pouch covered jewels.

He rubbed my face around in his crotch for a while, as the group standing around
watching made all manner of snide comment.   I like the smell and taste of
leather, but I don't much like having my face forcefully pushed into a leather
covered crotch.  My cock, on the other hand thought it was very erotic and had
stood up and was waving to everyone in the room.

The man finally pulled back and someone unfastened and removed his pouch.  A
beautiful, uncut, six and a half inch dick sprung out.   It had to be almost 2
inches in diameter.   He brought it close to my mouth and ordered me to kiss it.

Three big muscular slaves stepped forward.   The man lifted his right leg up and
one of the slaves grasped it and held it up high.   The other two slaves
supported him and kept him steady.   I was then ordered to lick, kiss and suck
on his precious orbs.   They were shaved clean and felt so velvety smooth
against my tongue.

After taking each orb in my hot mouth and giving it pleasure, the three slaves
giving him support maneuvered him around so his ass crack was right in front of
my face.   He did not have to give any orders I knew exactly what was expected.  
Although I did not much like licking a strange ass hole I knew I had no choice.

The moment my tongue touched his rim, I said a silent thank you.   He had
cleaned himself well.   His rim was smooth, it had been shaved, and had a fresh,
clean taste.   I worked my tongue, daringly all around the rim.   Every few
seconds I would run it across his pink pucker and get a thrill from his moans.

He was now involuntarily gyrating his hips.  I had to move my head to keep up
with him.    I had progressed now to licking the pucker and teasing my tongue
into the warm hole.

His moans and the gyrating of his hips were constant as my tongue forced it's
way completely in.  Then I began a gentle tongue fuck of his ass pussy.

I kept up this tongue fuck for quite some time.   The crowd of Master's and
slave's looking on were chanting and clapping their hands to the rhythm of my
tongue thrusts.

"Fuck that hole.  Oh piggy, tongue fuck that hole."

My cock was throbbing and bouncing around.   Oh how I wished someone would take
it in their mouth.   It would have made this whole thing perfect.   But I knew
it was wishful thinking.   I was not going to get off again tonight.  Not one of
the slave's would want to risk a lashing as bad as the last fellow received.

I guess my partner needed his cock stimulated as much as I.  He finally had the
supporters pull him back and get him onto his own two feet again.

Then that beautiful, fat cock was heading for my yearning mouth.  A long string
of silver precum was hanging down as it approached.   I pushed out my tongue and
caught a small bit of it, but the rest went sailing off to the floor.

I took just he head in my mouth and worked my tongue under the foreskin.  He
tasted marvelous.    Just that taste alone caused my dick to bounce a couple of
times.   I worked my tongue all around that huge head, then began to take him
deeper and deeper into my hot mouth.  I wanted desperately to have him all the
way down my throat.

I only had one tiny twinge when his dick reached my gag point.  I pulled back
slightly then pushed forward and the fabulous cock went sliding down until his
pubs pushing against my nose and chin stopped any further penetration.

I just held it there for a few minutes, luxuriating in the feel of it, filling
my passage.   Then I pulled back until the tip was at my lips and then plunged
it all the way home again.  He let out a big moan, and I then began rhythmic
fucking of my own face on this man's throbbing member.

I could feel him getting closer and closer to climax, buy subtle changes and
vibrations in his cock.    I picked up the rhythm and enjoyed the sounds of his
gasps, increased breathing rate moans and little yelps of pleasure.   I was
becoming quite the cocksucker.

A sudden surge of blood into his dick warned me he was about to blow.   I wanted
him to be deep in my throat when he shot his first load.  I tuned completely in
on the changes taking place inside his cock.   Turning off all my senses except
the feelings in my lips, tongue and throat.   The became my eyes, ears and
fingers.   Sensing all the little changes, fine tuning my reactions to what I
felt from his dick.   Increasing the rhythm here, flicking my tongue there.

Then I felt his cock perceptible increase in size.   Somehow I knew
instinctively that this was precursor to climax.   I pushed forward hard,
lodging that big cock deep in my throat, just as he screamed:

"Oh, yeaaaaaaaaaaaa.   Take my juice, piggy.   Fuck ya......take my fucking
juice."

I felt the pulse of his first load travelling down, through his urethra to
squirt with abandon deep in my throat.   I was so happy that I was able to get
him to shoot while it was down there.

As soon as I felt that first shot travelling down his dick I began to pull out
so his second shot would be in my mouth.  Again was timing was excellent and his
second shot started to fill my mouth as I was pushing forward to force him back
down into my throat.

My taste buds were now fully alive with the taste of his man juice.   His cum
was not quite as bitter as some of the younger lads.   I rather like it.

Hi had shot his third load in my throat and was now shooting his forth load in
my mouth.   I was in glory.   This was just a wonderful experience, the only
thing that would have made it better is if I could have cum with him.

When his nuts were finally emptied, I savoured the taste of him as I cleaned him
up.    Gently pushing the foreskin back with my teeth, so my tongue could clean
every inch, get every drop of his precious juice.

With great sorrow I watched as that magnificent cock was pulled away and he got
down off the chair.  Oh how I wanted to get down on my knees and take it back in
my mouth.  I watched as he picked up his chair and walked away.

I was so busy watching him walk away that I didn't see the young guy that rushed
up and took my dick in his mouth.    I just sudden felt a wonderfully hot mouth
wrap around and begin to suck.  The boy wasted no time in getting it down his
throat.   He was fucking his face at a furious rate on my swollen member.

I could feel myself getting ready to cum and though I wanted it more than
anything, I was suddenly afraid.

"Stop, Sir." I called down to him.  "Please, Sir, stop I am going to cum if you
don't stop.   Please Sir I do not want another beating.  Please stop."

The boy paid no attention to me, if anything he picked up the rhythm.   I was in
a real panic now.   I tried thinking of other things, anything that would make
me forget about what he was doing to my cock.   The more I tried to forget or
get my mind away from it, the hotter I got.

The crowd was watching and I guess they could see the panic on my face and in my
eyes.  My last chance.

"Please Master dieter, Sir, the boy is going to make me cum.  I have tried to
obey, Sir, but can not hold much longer.  Please Sir, I do not wish to disobey."
I begged.

He just laughed.   His cold blue eyes, never for a moment leaving mine.  He
wanted me to disobey.   He wanted to give his Master friends another chance to
beat unmercifully another poor defenseless slave.

I knew then that I could not win.   I had been ordered not to cum, but could not
do anything to stop it.   Defeated, I surrendered to the wonderful feeling of
the boys lips on my cock.  

I could feel my nuts shift under the pressure of that 30 lb weight.   My semen
was beginning the journey that would send it flying under great force, out into
a hostile world.

"Ohhhhhhhhh Yessssssssssssssssss." I cried out.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com



A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 17

The Morning After, The Night Before.

I awoke the next morning to the smell of hot coffee.   I was laying on the that
comfortable bed in that great little room.    I was feeling very good and well
rested.  I looked around and could see the green eyed guy fussing with some
things on a cart.

"Good morning, Sir." I said politely.

He turned and looked at me with a big smile.

"Good morning Harold.  How are you feeling?"

"Pretty good Sir.  Much, much better then I did yesterday."

"That's great.   What do you take in your coffee?" he asked.

"Cream and two sugars, please Sir." I replied.

Oh wow, I was going to get a cup of coffee.  It is amazing how we take the
simple pleasures of life, such as a cup of coffee, for granted.  We don't
realize how really good they are until they are denied us.

I watched as he made up the cup, stirred it, then brought it over to me.  I sat
up and swung my legs over the edge of the bed.   What really surprised me was
that there was no pain.

He handed me the cup and then took my breakfast order.  He told me I could have
whatever I wanted, as long as I also included a piece of fruit and a glass of
fruit juice.

I ordered eggs, sunnyside, bacon crisp, homefries and brown toast.  A glass of
grapefruit juice and an apple to round the order off.

"I'll go get your breakfast, shouldn't take more than 10 minutes.   If you would
like more coffee, there is a whole jug here on the cart, help yourself.  Ok?"

"Yes, Sir.  Ah....but just one thing, Sir.  My bladder is full, I sure would
appreciate using the toilet." I said weakly, afraid he would tell my I had to
piss on the floor or in my coffee cup.

"How stupid of me.  Certainly.  Come along and I will show you where to go.  As
soon as you finish come right back to this room.   Harold, be very sure you
obey.   Master Dieter would not be very pleased if you were to try going
anywhere in this building without permission.  Ok?"

"Yes Sir.  I understand.  Master Charlie promised me I could go home tonight if
I behave myself and I shall do everything in my power to behave, Sir." I swore
to him.

"Good, just follow me." he said as he opened the room door and stepped out into
the hallway.

I got up off the bed very carefully.   I wasn't sure what shape my nuts would be
in and certainly didn't want to have them sending sharp pains through my body.

As I followed him down the hall I took note of the number of doors we passed so
I would be able to find my way back to the proper room.   I was stark naked but
had now become used to it and didn't even flinch when a couple of slaves passed
us and smiled.

He finally stopped and pointed to a door.

"This is the men's room, Harold.   When you are finished go back to room number
18." he said.

How was I to know which room was 18?  There were no numbers on the doors.  He
saw my confusion and pointed to the sill above the door.   There was a number on
the sill, the toilet was number 24. 

I thanked him and entered the toilet.  For the first time since I had arrived at
Master Dieter's I was unbound, alone and permitted a certain amount of freedom.  
And the very first time to use a toilet. It felt wonderful.

This bathroom was almost a duplicate of the one in which I had been forced to
clean the urinals and floor.   The only difference was the colour of the walls.  
These were done in a very, very pale green, the other had been white.

I went straight to the urinal, grabbed my dick and prepared to start the flow.  
I had forgotten completely what those two bastards, Rick and Jeff and done to
the inside of it.   When the flow started I  gave a scream of pain and grabbed
my dick.  It felt like red hot lava pouring down the urethra.

It took a good ten minutes or more to empty my bladder, every second of it pure
agony.    I had to control the flow very, very carefully, only letting a few
drops down at a time.   It still burned, but nowhere near as intensely as when
it flowed.

The bathroom door opened and the green eyed guy came in.

"Your still here.  Oh, and you look like your in a lot of pain.    Those fucking
Sounds really did a number on your urethra, huh?" he asked.

"Yes, Sir.   I forgot about it.  But as soon as the flow started it felt like my
dick was on fire." I answered.

"Are you almost finished?" he asked.

"Yes, it took a while but I think I am done now."

"Ok, after you have your breakfast I will inject some more of that ointment up
there.   It will at least make pissing bearable for the rest of the day."

"Thank you, Sir." I said, as I walked over to a sink to  wash my hands.

As soon as I saw my reflection in the mirror, I stopped.  On my right pec, above
the nipple, an Eagle head.   It looked not all that bad,  but what had made me
stop, was the word SLAVE, in capitals, glaring across my pubs.    No wonder
those two slaves in the hall had smiled.   I suddenly felt terribly sick.

"Don't let it get to you Harold.  You will eventually get used to it and not
even notice." he said consolingly.

I looked at him, tears had formed in my eyes.

"No Sir, I will never, ever get used to that." I said pointing to the word
SLAVE.

"I would rather he had castrated me then that." I said very sadly.

"Don't dwel on it Harold.  Wash up and we will go get you some breakfast."

I washed my hands and splashed some water on my face.   What I would really have
liked was a good hot shower.   But the splashing was better than nothing or that
fucking hose from yesterday.

All the paper towel dispensers in this toilet were full.   I was positive that
washroom yesterday had been set up so I would have to do the things I did.

After drying my face and hands we headed back to room 18, this time I kept my
hands protectively covering that rotten fucking word. 

The green eyed lad led the way.  I still thought he had the most beautiful face
I had ever seen and I longed to place my lips against his.   They were so
inviting.

When we entered room 18 a large silver dome rested on the cart.   He had me go
sit on the bed and then he pushed the cart over.    The  lid was lifted and
there was a most beautiful site, a proper breakfast.   I just couldn't wait to
tuck in.

He sat down on the bed beside me, as good as this food was, I would have gladly
given it up to make love with him.  Instead I asked a question that had been
burning at me.    I wanted to know his name.

"Sir, if it is permissible, may I ask your name?"

"Oh sure, sorry I forgot to introduce myself, Harold.  My name is Josh, short
for Joshua.  My mom and dad were very religious types and all the children were
named after holy men and women." he said a little red faced.

"It is a beautiful name Josh, just like you.  I hope you won't get angry with me
for being so personal." I added quickly.

He just turned a little redder in the face.

"No, I don't much go for all the, Sir, stuff.  I went through all the training,
many of the things that you have just gone through and more.   I finally learned
to obey, to give up my freedom.  I realized that I could never get out of it, I
was here for life.   I belong to Master Dieter and he will do what he wants with
me."

"So I take it you do not like it any more than I do?" I said.

"No I don't like it, but my views are unimportant.   I am a medical doctor,
Master Dieter needs my services so here I will stay.    As long as I obey, life
is not really all that bad.  The Master allows the permanent slaves to live
together if they wish and provides luxurious living quarters."

"Do you have someone living with you at the present time then?" I nosed in.

"Yes, but I am afraid you won't really be very happy when you know who it is."
he said with a gleam in his eye.

I was completely taken aback, because I knew right away.   How could he possible
live with that rotten Sonofabitch?

"Dickie!"  I exclaimed almost in shock.

"Yes, Harold, Dickie.   He is a completely different person then the one you
know.   He is very gentle and loving.   Don't forget Harold that he too is a
slave and is only trying to make the best life for himself that he can within
the limitations placed on him, as do we all."  he said sadly.

"I am sorry, Josh.   But as you say I have only seen him from one side.  A side
where he is a mean bastard that only wants to hurt me."

"No, Harold, he doesn't want to hurt you at all.   You would be surprised at how
much pain he has suffered because of what he has had to do to you.   But he
knows that if he fails you, if he doesn't train you to obey, then you will be
dead in a few months time.    The parts farm is hell on earth, Harold.   It is
worth inflicting any pain necessary to teach a guy to obey, if it saves him
being sent to the farm.   That is where Dickie is coming from Harold.   He
couldn't bear to see you sent there." a tear had formed in the corner of his eye
and he looked away.

I looked down at my plate, at the wonderful breakfast that was quickly growing
cold.  Josh's words were flowing through my troubled mind.   Is it at all
possible that what he is saying is true?   I just could not see Dickie as being
the kind hearted, loving individual that Josh was trying to paint.    It just
wouldn't compute.

I started picking at the food.   Once I started eating I couldn't stop.   I was
hungry and this food was good, even if it had grown luke warm.  I popped the
last bit of toast into my mouth and picked up the apple.

I turned and looked at Josh.   He really was very sad. 

"Josh, I will do my very best today to learn whatever lessons Dickie has for me. 
I will also do my very best not to make him have to use any methods he really
doesn't like to use.   Now that I know what is happening I will give it one
hundred percent.  Ok?"

He turned and looked at me.

"Thank you Harold, because I would hate to see you sent to that damned farm as
well.   Do your best today and I think you will see the side of Dickie that I
see.   I think you will like that side Harold.  I think you will like that side
very much."

We talked about a few more mundane things as I finished the apple and drank the
juice.   Then we each had a cup of coffee and talked some more.   He gathered
everything said good bye, and hoped we would see each other again before I left
this afternoon.

After he left I went back and lay down on the bed.   Imagine that, Dickie was
only trying to help a stubborn fool save his own life.  Na, still didn't
compute.

I closed my eyes and went over the events of last evening in my mind.   Other
than the beating it really had not been all that bad.   I remembered how
terrified I had been at the end, as the lad was making me cum.

I had begged for him to stop, then had begged Master Dieter to give permission
for me to cum so that I would not disobey him.   I remembered all the laughing
and giggling that went on as they all watch my panic stricken face as the moment
of climax drew near.

I remembered how I had finally given up and surrendered to the wonderful
feelings of lust threading through my body.   Of that final moment when my nuts
erupted and I spewed forth my seed into the hot mouth of the frantically bobbing
head humping my cock.

It felt so good to finally release that load, that had been building up for so
long.   It meant another beating I knew, but oh it did feel so good.

Once I had emptied my nuts the lad licked me clean, stood up and gave me a big
kiss on the mouth.  He then turned, bowed and took off for regions unknown.   
The Master's and guest that had been watching clapped their hands
appreciatively.    I was totally confused.  What the fuck was going down now?

Master Dieter came right over to me, still clapping his hands.

"You did well tonight, Harold.  Charlie is very proud of you."  he said, placing
a hand gently on my shoulder and giving me a warm smile.

The first warm smile I had ever seen on his face.  Then he shocked the hell out
of me.  He leanded forward and placed his hot lips on mine.   He opened his
mouth and forced his sweet tongue in giving me one hell of a great kiss.   Then
he pulled back, leaving me panting, smiled and walked away.

Then Charlie came foreward.

"Right after supper tomorrow, Pat will be here to pick you up.  I want you back
home.  You did me proud tonight, Harold.  Learn the lessons well tomorrow." he
placed a hand on my shoulder, leaned forward and he too gave me one hell of a
kiss, leaving me breathless.

It was the first time that Charlie had ever kissed me.   My heart began thumping
so wildly, I thought it was going to break through my chest wall.

"Thank you, Sir." I said as he pulled away.

Master Granger was next. 

"You will make Charlie a great slave, Harold.   Sucking dog cock is nothing,
boy.   Hell a cock is a cock, they all do the same thing.    I would like to
have you back to my place.  I promise next time you will not be treated quite so
badly."  he smiled, placed a hand on my shoulder and also gave me a kiss.

Master Giovanni came forward as Granger trudged off.

"Ah Harold, I was rather rotten to you tonight, but you handled it like a man, I
can really appreciate a man like you.   Already made a booking with Charlie to
have you over to my place.   Can't wait for my guests to be introduced to Dinky
doggie."  he too placed a hand on my shoulder and gave me a kiss.

And so it went.   Each of the Master's came forward, congratulated me on my
behavior and stated how they wanted me to pay them a visit.  They each placed a
hand on my shoulder and gave me a kiss.

Then it was the slaves turn. Only here things changed dramatically.  The first
one forward was the blond guy.  He placed a hand on each of my shoulders.

"Welcome to the club, Harold.  Everyone of us here have been where you are right
now.    I am proud to call you my friend." 

He then leaned forward and gave me a kiss.  He pulled back, smiled then got down
on his knees in front of me and began to suck my cock.   I was astounded.

Then the next slave came forward and did the same thing.  After he had kissed me
he knelt down and took over from the blond guy, ministering to my dick.

And so it went until they had all had a turn.   By then I was moaning and
gasping for air.   My cock was close to blowing another load.

Then Dickie was standing in front of me.   

"You did good tonight piggy.  Don't let all this lovey dovey stuff go to your
head. Tomorrow we go back to training."  he then kissed me and knelt down to
take over.

However before he took over sucking my cock, he removed the weight from my nuts
along with the little jacket.

"Just wait and see how well your nuts blow this time, piggy." he laughed as he
took over my cock.

His mouth was very hot compared to all the others and he was very, very
experienced.    He soon had me screaming out in ecstasy.    He felt every
movement of my nuts, every slight swelling and vibration and used these little
clues to increase my pleasure.

Just when I thought I was going to loose control and blow he would do something
that would bring me back from the brink, prolonging this whole fantastic
experience.

He brought me to the peak ten times, each time taking me back just enough that I
couldn't cum, but was still on fire.

Finally I felt his hand start to massage my nuts and I knew he was finished
playing, he was going for the big blow.  Skillfully he brought me back to the
top, a few centimeters at a time.   I reached the pinnacle and he actually held
me there.  You know that point where it is at it's best where the world is all
roses and wonderful colours and you want to scream out in joy.

He had me there and held me in that spot.   I had never been held there for so
long before and have never been held there since.

Then he took me over the edge and I began to loose my load, and oh what a load
it was.   I shot and shot, all the while screaming out my pleasure for all to
hear and enjoy.

But all too soon it was finally over and I gasped and sucked in great lungs full
of air.   This had been the most fantastic blowjob I had ever experienced.   As
he cleaned me up, I fought to get my breathing back under control.  He stood up
and looked me in the eye.

"Thank you, Sir." I managed to squeeze out through my ragged breathing.

He just smiled and walked away.

The Master's all headed toward the door behind me, the slaves following.   When
they had all left, the green eyed guy, whom I now know as Josh, was there to
help get me down from this contraption I was rigged up on.

Some of the lads that had been bringing me beer and the piss jug came up and
helped him remove the padlocks and chains.   One on each side held me up when he
lowered the mechanism that held that dildo so far up my ass.

I felt a little twinge of pain as it withdrew.  My knees were weak and it was a
good thing those lads were there.  I could never had stood on my own.  Another
brought a chair over and then sat me down.

"We have to wait a bit for all the Master's to clear the hallway then we can
move you down to your room.  Do you think you will be able to hold on until
then?"

"Yes, thank Sir.  I will be fine.   It is good to be able to sit." I said
meaning every word.

He brought a syringe over and injected a small amount of something just behind
each nipple.

"This stuff will deaden all the nerves around your nipples so we can remove
those clamps.   They will be replaced by 24 cwt. gold nipple rings.   Charlie
thinks they will look good on your nipples." he smirked.

"Good old, Master Charlie." I said with a smile.  "He really is a saint you
know."  then we both broke out laughing hysterically.   

I almost fell off the chair.  It is a good thing the lads were still there
watching out for my safety.   My nearly falling out of the chair only added to
the hilarity and now I was laughing so hard it was difficult to catch my breath.

Once I had settled down, Josh figured it would be safe to remove the clamps.   
He quickly unscrewed and removed them one at a time.   The needle part had stuck
to the skin and he really had to pull to get them to release.

After they were removed he did a good clean up job with disinfectants.  A small
tube of ointment that had a needle like end was carefully pushed this into each
of the holes made my the clamps and squirted it full of the ointment.

"This is an antibacterial ointment, Harold.  It will kill off any nasties that
might have got in there when I removed the clamps.   It will also sooth the open
wound areas."

He opened a small plastic bag and removed a gold ring.  It had a little ball on
the rim.   He turned the little ball and the ring split.  Deftly  he inserted
the open end of the ring into the piercing on my right nipple.   He then pushed
the two ends of the ring together and turned the ball a few times, repeating the
process for the other nipple.

I was now the proud owner of two 24 cwt. gold nipple rings.  Ok, ok I hear you,
damn it.   Yes they belong to Charlie.   But the tits they are stuck through are
on my body and in my head there is still a little place that considers my body
to be mine, not Charlie's.  Therefore as far as I'm concerned the fucking rings
are mine, if you don't like it tough......, go do something useful with your
dick.

Shortly after the rings were placed, a couple of guys arrived with a litter.  
They helped me on and then they carried me to that nice little room with the
soft bed.  I was put right to bed and Josh gave me an injection which caused me
to fall off to sleep almost instantly.

The door to the room flung open and there was Dickie, filling the doorway.   I
jumped up real quick and got down on my hands and knees.

"Ah now that's what I like to see, piggy.   Obedience.   Yes you are learning
very nicely.   Are you ready for today's lessons?" he asked.

"Yes Sir, Master Dickie Sir, I am ready for my lessons and will do my best to
learn them well, Sir." I answered.

"Will you be able to crawl or would you like me to get the litter bearers to
carry you to the training room?" he asked.

"Sir, I will crawl." I answered, I knew that that is what he wanted me to
answer.

If I had asked for the litter he would have been all over me.

"Let's go then and do try to keep up today, will you?" he said with a smile.

"I will do my very best, Sir." I replied crawling over to him.

He opened the door and we started on that long fucking journey to the training
room.   He took me via a different route  this time, avoiding that piece of
hallway with the torn up floor.   At least my knees were spared that torment.

Even so by the time we arrived at the training room my knees were aching again.  
A table had been set up in the centre of the room.  Two of the suits from
yesterday were seated side by side.  Only today they were wearing standard slave
garb, just like dickie and Josh.  On the other side of the table were two empty
chairs.

Dickie went over, pulled out one of the chairs and sat down.   He and the other
two began talking about sports teams.  They completely ignored me.   I didn't
know what I was supposed to do.   Should I sit and wait for instructions or just
continue to stay here on my hands and knees?

Unsure I just stayed where I was while they went on and on.  I was starting to
get tired from being in this position.  My knees were aching and my wrists were
pretty uncomfortable.   Just try keeping them bent like that, without moving for
a long while and you will see what I mean.

I finally decided that they were just going to spend the morning bullshitting so
I might as well shift positions and get comfortable until they were ready for
me.  I placed rump on the floor and sat up.  I started to rub the kinks out when
Dickie was on me like a tornado.

"What the fuck do you think your doing?" he screamed.

He came at me so fast, he scared the shit out of me and I couldn't get my voice
working to answer him.

"Rotten little pig." he screamed.  "Get back up on your four little piggy feet.
Piggys don't sit on their fucking asses.  They stand on their piggy feet."

I moved quickly to get back onto my hands and knees, but he had frightened me so
badly that I lost my footing and fell, striking my chin on the floor.  It was a
hell of a whack, I am surprised I didn't break my jaw or knock out a couple of
teeth.

What it did do though was knock me senseless for a few seconds.  Everything was
fuzzy and I felt really dizzy.   Dickie was yelling and screaming at me, but I
really could not understand a single sound he was making.

I remembered that I was supposed to be doing something, but I couldn't quite
remember what it was.   The screaming kept getting louder and louder, but still
I could not make anything intelligible from it.

I sat back on my rump and put a hand to my jaw.  The pain was incredible.  Then
there was silence and a arm was around my shoulder.  Someone was speaking to me,
but I still could not make out what was being said.   I was in a real daze.

Strong arms lay me down carefully on the floor.  Then I felt a sharp pin prick
in my arm.   A few moments later the fuzz began to clear, and there above me was
the very concerned face of Josh.

"Talk to me, boy.  What's your name?" he asked in a very serious voice.

"Harold, Josh, you know that."  I answered. 

Boy what's with Josh, I thought, he knows my name.

"How old are you Harold?" he asked.

"19, what's with the 40 questions, Josh?" I answered and asked.

"Never mind, just give me the correct answers.  Do you know where you are, and
never mind with a smart allelic answer.  Tell me exactly where you are."

A little concerned now, because he was behaving in a very serious manner, I
decided to answer fully all his questions.

"At Master Dieter's, in the training room with you, Dickie and two of the suits
from yesterday."

"Two of the suits?" he asked bewildered.

"Oh, those to lads were dressed in business suits when I met them yesterday." I
answered sheepishly.

He gave a laugh and so did the others.

"Well I guess there is no brain damage, but you must have given your head quite
a whack." he said.

"My jaw actually and it sure is sore right now."  I answered.

He felt around with his warn fingers and proclaimed that I would live.

"For the love of mike Harold do be careful.   Pat told me you had a hell of a
fall on your face back at the bar a couple of days ago.  If you keep this shit
up one of us is going to have to wire your jaw back together after your break it
in a million pieces."  he said that half serious, half in jest.

"I'll try to be more careful." I said.

"Ok, see you all later."  he got up and left.

"Harold get up and go sit at the table." Dickie ordered.

"Yes Sir." I answered getting up slowly and carefully.

I went over and sat in the chair that had remained empty.

"Now before all the excitement, we were about to teach you a lesson.  Do you
have any idea what you did wrong?"  he asked.

"Yes Sir.  I should not have sat down.  I did not have permission." I answered.

"But your knees and wrists were very sore weren't they?"

"Yes Sir.   It was getting really bad and you and the others had completely
ignored me so I figured it wouldn't hurt anything if I relieved the pressure."

"Two mistakes there, Harold.   First it does not matter how much pain you feel.  
If you have not been give permission do something, you don't do it.  Second, the
actual mistake was to sit." he said.

One of the suits took over the explanation.

"The Master's all understand that a slave is only human and that there comes a
point when the pain the a slave may be experiencing becomes much greater then
the slaves ability to obey." he instructed.

The other suit took over from there.

"For that reason a Relax Position was developed that a slave is permitted to go
to, should the last position they are left in becomes unbearable.   The Master
may be busy with other things and forget about you.   In which case, after a
suitable length of time you may adopt the rest position without fear of being
disobedient."

He got up from the table and got down on his knees, sat back on his ankles and
placed his hands on his knees and looked straight ahead.

"That." instructed Dickie,  "is the rest position.   Go give it a try."

I got up and went down on my knees.   I adopted the position and found that it
was much more relaxing then standing on hands and knees.

"If the Master is in the room you may not move around at all.   You must keep
your head down slightly and look at the floor about 10 feet in front of you.  If
you feel like you are stiffening up move little parts of yourself a fraction at
a time."

The first suit then carried on from there.

"Should the Master leave the room, you may not leave the spot you are in, but
you may do things to loosen up stiff muscles.  Bill will demonstrate." he said.

Bill it turns out was the suit on the floor beside me.  He raised himself up and
down a few time from the knees.  He also lifted his arms and moved them around
to get the blood flowing.  

"Should the Master return to the room you immediately adopt the rest position.
Do you have any questions?" Bill asked.

"No Sir, it all seems straight forward." I answered.

"There may be times when the Master will have someone drop in unexpectedly.   In
every case, unless the Master specifically orders something else, you will go
into supplication.  Bill will demonstrate again." Dickie instructed.

Bill still on his knees, locked his fingers together, bent at the waist and
placed his forehead on the floor and pulled his arms with the locked fingers in
tight to his head.

"You must stay in this position, no matter what, until the guest leaves or the
Master gives you other orders.   This one is very important Harold, so don't
forget.   The punishment for failure could be very severe.  Now give it a try."
the other suit, whose name I still did not know warned.

I did what I had seen Bill do.  But they were all very unhappy with the way I
did it.   They said I looked like a sloppy little piglet.

They gave me more instruction and should me how it had to be down in a fluid
motion.   Supplication was a sign of respect for the Master's guest and so
should be performed fluidly.  Not like a an elephant in a china shop.

After many tries I finally perfect the move until they were all happy.

"There may be times Harold when the Master forgets about you completely.  This
is not unusual, because you really are nothing to him but a piece of property. 
Because of your specialty and to whom you belong, there really isn't much chance
of this happening to you.  However, one never knows, so it is only right that we
cover it here." Dickie explained.

"Should the Master forget about you and you end up in the office or some other
room all alone and without instructions and it is late in the evening, you may
adopt the total rest position." he said as he lay himself out prone on the
floor.

"Did you notice how Bill stayed pretty much in the same spot as he lay himself
down? ..... It is very important Harold that you stay in that spot.   The Master
will always remember where he left you and if you have moved he may be very
angry with you." the other suit explained.

"Once you are prone you may go to sleep.  But you best be a light sleeper,
because if the Master should return, you will have to scramble quickly to the
relax position.  The Master will not be angry with you provided you don't dawdle
while doing it.   However, should he enter the room and find you sound asleep,
he will probably order punishment."  Dickie finished.

They then took me through a whole series of little lessons.  How to carry a tray
to serve the Master or his guests.   How to carry a tray and serve the Master
and his guests while some miserable prick pokes you in the gut, rubs your ass,
squeezes your balls, grabs your dick and holds tight.  Of course we had to
practice these things over and over until I was able to manage the task without
spilling the drinks all over the bastard that was causing my torment.

We had been at it for about two hours when Dickie finally called for a break. 
During that two hours, I finally learned the name of the other suit was Al.

We all went down the hall to a small dinning room.  I was not forced to crawl, I
guess I was coming up in the world.

There was a coffee pot on a side board and cold drinks in a small refrigerator.  
On the table was a large tray of sticky buns and doughnuts.

We all sat down and dug in.   A few minutes later Josh showed up and joined us.   
Other household slaves started arriving and soon there were 10 guys plus myself
seated around the table drinking coffee or soda and quaffing sticky buns and
doughnuts.

Talk centred around the same things you would find in any business coffee room
during break.  These guys, although slaves, performed regular duties in the
running of this household.

When the break was over we started back to the training room.  So far the
morning had been pretty good.  Other than that damned crawl earlier, and my
fall, there had been no pain administered.

As we arrived outside of room 24, the toilet, they all headed in and I followed. 
Great I thought, going to piss like a man again.   I felt really great about the
whole thing.

But they did not head to the urinals, so I did.

"What the hell do you think you are doing." Dickie called out to me with anger
in his voice.

Oh shit.  I fucked up again.  I did not have permission to go to the urinal.

"Sorry, Sir.  I assumed that because we entered the toilet I would be permitted
to piss, Sir." I said, my lips trembling.

"Well you assumed, fucking wrong." he yelled it this time.

"A fucking slave doesn't assume anything, ever.   A fucking slave only obeys. 
Now get down on your knees and slither up so that you are next to the last
urinal." he ordered.

I got down quickly and followed his instructions.   My bare feet were lodged
against the cold wall and my knees dug into the cold tile floor.

"Assume the Rest Position." he commanded.

I sat back on my knees, my ass cheeks and back coming in contact with the cold
tiles, my hands resting on my knees.

"We are going to begin your toilet training.  If you hadn't have been such a
fucking jerk and assumed things, we would have let you empty your bladder first. 
But now you will just have to hold it as punishment until the toilet training
session is completed." he said as if scolding a little child.

His scolding made me feel foolish and stupid.   Al and Bill looked on, they had
disgusted looks on their faces.  Up until now they had been treating me with a
little bit of respect, now they just looked at me as though I was dirt.

Bill then went to a cupboard in the wall and pulled out a roll of something.  He
walked back to the urinal beside me and it sounded like he was taping something. 
I dared not look to see what he was doing.  Whatever it was, he went right down
the line doing it to each urinal in turn.

"All of the urinal's are Out of Order, Al." Dickie said.  "Looks like we may
have a problem with the plumbing and it may take an hour or more for us to
figure out what the problem might be." Dickie said.

"Well that is not really a problem, Dickie." Al answered.  "The piggy here can
take over until we get it fixed.  Right piggy?" he said sharply, looking down at
me. 

I raised my head from the floor where I had been looking and looked him in the
eye.

"Yes Sir." I answered, tears filling my eyes.

A fucking public urinal.   I had been reduced to a public urinal.  I wanted to
shrivel up and die.  I didn't have the time for that, Dickie stepped forward and
stood directly in front of me.

"Toilet training 101, piggy.  When a real man steps in front of you, you will
raise your head to look directly at his crotch. Repeat that and every
instruction I give you." he demanded.

"When a real man steps in front of me I raise my head and look directly at his
crotch." I repeated.

"Use your hands to remove his cock, carefully from either his pouch, or his
pants." he instructed and I repeated.

"Next stick out your tongue and form it into a V."  

"Next, rest the man's dick head on your tongue, keeping the forefinger and thumb
on the cock to hold it in place."

"Now prepare to swallow and don't dribble any.  If you do the man may punish you
by giving you a kick in the crotch or he just might haul off and give you a swat
across the head or face."

He then began to empty his bladder into my mouth.  He was controlling the speed
of his void so I could keep up with the flow.   It would be impossible for
anyone to swallow fast enough to keep up with a  bladder emptying at normal
pressure.

I hated this.  Al and Bill were watching my degradation and they had smiles on
their faces.  Tears were running down my cheeks again, I could feel them.  That
had no effect on Dickie, he just kept right on a pissing until his bladder was
empty.

"Once the man's bladder is empty, lift the dick and tap it a couple of times
against your tongue to get any drops that might still be in the urethra."  he
instructed

I did as he commanded, it was terribly degrading.

"Next bring your mouth up to the dick head  and lick it clean."

"Finally, place the dick back in the pouch or pants and zip up."

I quickly followed his instructions.  Then placed my hands back on my knees.  As
he pulled away I looked back down at the floor.

"Do you understand your duties?" he asked gruffly.

"Yes Sir." I managed to squeak out.

Al moved right in and took his place.  I went through the whole thing again.  I
fucked up at the end and got a swat across the head.  I forgot to tap his dick
against my tongue before licking it clean.

As he walked away, Bill took his place and I went through it all again.   I
didn't mess up this time.   But my gut was full of fucking piss, mixed with the
two cups of coffee I had drunk at the break.   My bladder was yelling at me to
give it some relief.   But I knew that was not going to happen for quite some
time.

"We shall come back and collect you as soon as we figure out what is wrong with
the urinals.   Until then you will remain in this position.  You will not get up
or move around under any circumstance unless ordered to do so.  Do you
understand?" Dickie first instructed then asked.

"Yes Sir.  But please Sir, let me empty my bladder it is really full and giving
me a real problem, Sir." I begged.

"You should have thought of that before you made your fucking assumptions,
piggy.  How the fuck are you ever going to learn if we don't follow through on
our punishments?"  so saying the three of them turned and left me alone.

I shivered as the door closed behind them.  What kind of hell was I in for now?  
My bladder was full and the need to pee was almost overpowering.   They wanted
me to piss myself, I was sure.   Then they would be able to tell Charlie that I
was not behaving and he might order me to spend another day here. 

I wanted to go back to Charlie's so bad I was willing to do anything that would
get me out of here.  Tears were still flowing down my cheeks when the bathroom
door opened.  I stiffened up and kept my eyes on the floor, 10 ft to the front.

A pair of boots and bare legs came into my view, I raised my head and stared at
the crotch.    The black pouch was bulging.  He walked right up to me, his
crotch only inches away from my face.

I raised my hands and removed his huge dick from the pouch.  The thing had to be
8" long and 2 inches in diameter.  A quick memory of the fat cock last night
entered my mind, but left just as quick.  It didn't even compare to this one.

I formed my tongue into a V and rested the head of this huge master piece on my
tongue.   He opened up and allowed the urine to flow under control.  

I couldn't believe how well these guys were able to control their urine flow.  
I was sure I could not do it at all.  Once my bladder opens, that's it, it just
keeps going until it empties.   Of course I don't think I have ever tried to
control my bladder flow, must give it a try, if they ever let me piss again that
is.

This guy pissed and pissed and fucking pissed.   I didn't think he was ever
going to stop.   My gut felt bloated.   If someone else comes in right behind
him I am going to start having real problems.  Where the fuck is it going to go?

When he finished, I gently tapped his dick against my tongue a few times, then
leaned my mouth in and licked it clean.   Finaly placing it back in the pouch
and assuming the position.   As he backed away I lowered my head to the floor.

I did not dare look up, so all I saw of him was his dick, legs and boots.   They
came into piss about one every 10 minutes or so.  Five including the one I just
told you about had been in so far.  

My gut was really bloated and my bladder was under a lot of pressure now.   It
was so great, urine had started to dribble out in small drops.  I could see a
small puddle down between my legs and could also see the urine dripping out. But
there was nothing I could do.  

I had decided that I would continue to hold on as long as I could.   When I
reached the point where it became impossible, then I would let it go and live
with the consequences.   What the hell else could I do?  I didn't want to fuck
up any chances of Charlie taking me home tonight.

The pressure in my bladder had become so great my gut was starting to cramp up.  
I got a sudden severe cramp that caused me to give a loud yell of pain and fall
forward.   But still I managed to hold the bladder closed. 

I got myself back up into the rest position.   The little piss puddle had grown
quite large.   I contemplated moving so I could bend over and lick it up.  But
thought better of it.   I reasoned that the punishment for moving would be much
greater then the puddle.

The puddle was an involuntary body response over which I had no control.  
Moving would be a deliberate act of disobedience.   So I just stayed in the
relax position, dribbled more pee, sweat and moaned from the gut pains.

The toilet door opened, another customer I thought.  Didn't matter because I was
not going to be able to do him.   My body had reached the limits of it's
endurance.   I had decided, that when he stepped in front of me I would tell him
that I could not do him.   I had to be permitted to empty my bladder and that
was that.

"Ah and how is the piggy." Dickie's voice rang loud and clear.

"I can not hang on much longer, Sir.   I feel like I am going to be very sick
any moment.   Please, Sir, let me empty my bladder or just kill me, I can not
take this any longer."  I said it quietly, afraid to take my concentration off
of holding my bladder in check.

I was cry profusely, tears running like a river down my cheek.   I think the
beatings, the ball hanging pain, all of what had gone on before was much
preferable to this slow agonizing requirement to hold my bladder.  I was quite
serious, when I told him to either let me piss or kill me.

"Do you think you could make it to the toilet?" he asked.

"No Sir, I am quite incapable of moving on my own.   My bladder will release." I
answered carefully and slowly.

"Do not move from your position, stay just like you are and we will move you to
a place where you may let it go." he said.

"Yes Sir.  Thank you, Sir." I replied.

Al and Bill each went to one side.   Dickie took my feet and they lifted me just
the way I was, carrying me to into the shower room.   They placed me on the
floor close to the drain.

"Ok, Harold." Dickie said.  "Let it go."

Total fear then gripped me like a fist.  I tried to open my bladder but nothing
happened.  

"It won't come out, it won't come out." I screamed hysterically.

I was in a real panic.   Then I started puking.   Huge fountains of fucking
bitter, acidic urine shot up my throat and out my mouth, spraying against the
shower room floor.    It just didn't seem to want to stop. 

Then my bladder finally opened and the hot piss was flowing down my urethra, but
I had no control what-so-ever.   There I was a pathetic, shell of a man, puking
and pissing out of control.   The shower room soon started to smell like a
fucking urinal.

Eventually my bladder emptied and the puking stopped.  I lay on the floor in my
own filth surround by the piss of all the guys that had used me in the last hour
or so.   What I didn't realize was that I was laying right on top of the drain
and it couldn't drain away.

"Harold if you move a bit all that slop you are lying in will go down the
drain." Dickie said calmly.

I shifted a bit and could hear the drain start to gurgle.  Dickie went over and
turned on a shower.

"If you think you can mange, get yourself over here under the shower, it will
make you feel much better." he called to me.

I looked up.  That shower looked so inviting I scrambled as quickly as my aching
body would allow to get under it's healing warmth.  

"Go ahead and shower until you feel clean.   You will find a towel on the bench
in the locker room.   Meet us in the training room when your finished.  Do you
remember where the training room is, Harold?" he asked.

"Yes, Sir.  Room 18, Sir.  Ahh... thank you, Sir." I answered.

"You are most welcome Harold." he said as the three of them left me alone to
clean all the crap off of my body.

You can not possibly imagine how wonderful it is to be permitted to just stand
under a hot shower, unless you have been deprived of it.   For the longest time
I just stood still and let the hot water wash away my pains.

There was a bar of sweet smelling soap in the soap dish so I soaped up good then
went under the water, rinsed it off, then soaped up again.   I wanted every
trace of that fucking piss off my body.  

I filled my mouth from the hot spray a dozen times, rinsed my mouth and spit out
the contents, but still I had that terrible taste of piss in my mouth.   I
figured I would have it for quite a while.

I finally figured I had better not linger here too long.   This might be another
test.   They hadn't told me to rush or anything, however I decided I had better
not screw around.  I took one final rinse, then shut down the shower and walked
to the change room.

True to his word, a big, fluffy white towel was waiting for me on the bench.   I
luxuriated in the feel of it as I dried my rejuvenated body.   There was a large
laundry hamper in the corner so I dropped the towel in on my way out.

I felt wonderful walking down that hallway, even though I was naked.  Even
though I had SLAVE written in big black letters across my pubic area.  Amazing
what a little hot water can do.

I opened the door of room 18 and stepped in.   The room was empty.   The table
and chairs were still in the centre of the room.   What was I supposed to do, I
wondered.  I didn't want to make another gaff that would have me taking piss for
another couple of hours.

Then I remembered the training I had been given earlier,  "You may go to the
rest position."  That seemed like the safest bet so I walked almost to the
centre of the room and then went down on my knees, sat back on my heels and
rested my hands on my knees, then waited.

I would estimate it was a good half hour or so before Dickie showed up.  He
walked in carrying a white plastic bag. 

"You learned your lesson well, Harold." he said walking over to the table and
placing the bag on it.

"Did you adopt the position as soon as you entered the room or did you stand for
a while?"  he asked.

I thought it was a trick question and that I might be in trouble.   But I
decided not to play any games, I would tell him the exact truth and not try
glossing anything.

"When I first came in, Sir, I found the room empty and wasn't sure what I was
supposed to do, so I just stood by the door for a few minutes.  Then I
remembered the training from this morning and walked to this point and adopted
the Rest Position, Sir.   Was that correct, Sir?" I asked.

"Not quite, but close enough.   What you should have done was just move out of
the way of the door, to one side, then adopt the position.    The Master may not
like it if he enters the room and unexpectedly finds a slave at rest right in
the middle of the room." he explained.

"Understood, Sir.  Will know better next time, Sir." I replied.

"Good.   In that bag are your clothes.  You will get dressed then adopt the
position and wait for my return." he said as he turned and left the room.

I got up from my position, shook out the kinks from having sat like that for so
long and made my way to the table.

I peaked into the bag and began to pull out the, "cloths".    Well I guess
compared to what I had been wearing since my arrival, these could be considered
cloths.

A black vest that didn't fasten in the front, a black pouch and a pair of highly
shined black boots.  No socks, I noted.

The hardest part of getting dressed was lacing up the boots, that took all of,
oh about 2 minutes for each one.  I then went and knelt down at the side of the
door, but out of the way of anyone entering.   Dickie was back about five
minutes later.

He opened the door, peaked in and saw where I was kneeling.   He gave me a big
smile of approval, which for some reason made me feel really good.

"Ok follow me." he said. 

I jumped up and followed him down the hall.   A few moments later we were
entering the small dining room where we had had our break this morning.  All the
chairs were full except two.  Dickie headed for the two empty chairs with me
right behind.

He chose the chair on the left which sat him next to Al.  He indicated for me to
sit in the other, which caused my heart to thump, Josh would be sitting on my
right.  I sat down said hi to Josh and looked around the table.

"How did the training go this morning?" Josh asked.

"Well except for one little problem, it went well Josh.   It was most
interesting, but best of all I didn't get beaten or have my nuts kicked or
anything like that." I said with a smile.

He looked at me and gave a big laugh.

"An interesting way to determine whether or not you are having a good day." he
laughted.   

"Guess you must be learning you lessons."

Across the table from me sat the lad that had been bringing me all the beer last
night.  When he looked at me, I said:

"Hi.  Thanks for being such a help last night."

"Hi, that's ok.  My name is Garrath, but these guys think it is too high
falutin' for a slave, so they just call me Gary." he said holding his hand
across the table.

I shook his hand and replied:

"Very glad to meet you Gary."

Lunch was a very pleasant, friendly affair.   The guys, laughed, joked and told
stories and ...... well... just acted like any other group of guys thrown
together.

The food was simple, but great.  It consisted of Hot Corned Beef  and shaved
beef sandwiches, dills, fresh home made french fries, choice of ice cream or
lemon pie, tea, coffee, milk and fruit juices.  No limitations on anything. 
Needless to say I dug in with a vengeance.  Must stomach had been emptied during
the pee episode.

When lunch was finished we all headed for the gym.   Master Dieter had an iron
fast rule here.   All slaves must partake in strenuous physical exercise for one
hour after every meal.  I also found out that all of these guys had to put in
two hours in the gym or the pool every evening, without exception.   They could
do what they wanted but it must be active stuff.   No wonder all his slaves were
so muscular and healthy looking.

The big surprise was that Master Dieter followed his own rule.   He was already
hard at work, running at a fair clip on a tread mill.  He was naked and sweat
was pouring from his body.

It turned out that every slave had his own tread mill, his own weight bench,
etc.   Master Dieter only purchased the best of everything when it came to
exercise equipment and everyone had the same stuff.

Josh led me down to the end of a long line of tread mills.   Each of the guys
had walked up to their own and began to strip.  He told me to strip and then
wait, a trainer would be over and get me started.   He then left for his own
machine.

I quickly removed the few little items that I had been wearing and watched as
the guys all climbed aboard their machines and quickly got themselves up to the
same speed as Master Dieter.

"Ah, the famous Dinky doggie arrives to run the wheel." said a loud, jovial
voice.

I turned and there was the short, older slave that had such a big cock.  The
memory of that cock going down my throat last night and how I loved it flood
back into my brain.

"My name is Stuart." he said holding out his hand.

We shook and he went on to ask:

"Have you ever done any of this before laddie?"

"Not at the speeds these guys are working, Sir." I replied.

"No you don't look like you have been.   It would take you a month or two before
you would be able to get anywhere near their speeds.   But no fear, we will
start you off at a nice leisurely pace, for 20 minutes.   How does that sound?"
he asked beaming.

"That would be good, Sir." I replied, little did I know.

"Ok, now just climb up and grab hold of the bar.  Normally you would set and
maintain the controls, but because your new to this I am going to set everything
from here." he said, standing right in front of me.

"Now be very sure never to let go of that bar and maintain the same pace as the
walker.   If you don't you could seriously hurt yourself and the Master would
not be pleased.  Are you ready?" he asked.

"Yes Sir." I replied.

"Have fun boy." he said as he pushed some buttons.

The machine started off slow.  It was a walking pace.  After a few moments it
started to go faster and then faster, soon I was running at a fairly brisk clip.

I had not done any serious exercise since Charlie had kidnapped me.  I was not
prepared for this kind of running.  Stuart had said he was going to start me at
a gentle pace, but fuck there was nothing gentle about this.   

It didn't take long before I was gasping for air,  my feet pounding along at an
incredible speed.   I wasn't going to be able to keep this up for very long and
the fucking thing seemed to be picking up speed.

I made a quick look around to see what the other guys were doing.   It might
have been because of my trying to catch my breath, maybe my mind was fuzzy, but
the others didn't seem to be running even half as fast as I was.  And still the
machine was picking up speed.

I began to panic.   If I were to let go at this speed the thing would throw me
off with incredible force and I would surely break some bones.    Something was
seriously wrong, I decided I had better call for help.

I tried to gather enough air to make sure I would be heard.

"Help." I called out as loud as I could manage.

I looked around again but it didn't seem like anyone had heard.  I tried again.

"Help."

A moment later, Stuart was beside the machine.

"Sonofabitch." he yelled.

He quickly made his way to the controls and flicked some buttons but nothing
happened, except the machine kept picking up speed.   I was running as fast as
my legs were going to go,  if the machine didn't shut down soon I was going to
get thrown off.

Stuart worked frantically for a couple of seconds then gave up.   He ran to the
wall and pulled the plug.  The machine immediately began to slow down, but much
faster than was good for me.

"Jump off and keep running around the gym." Stuart ordered.

I was so used to obeying orders now that I did exactly what I was told, even 
though I would have preferred to stop with the machine.

Stuart kept me running and slowed me down gradually.    I was gasping and
staggering, but he forced me to continue, running beside me the whole way.  
Bringing me down a bit at a time.

Finally we were able to stop running but he kept me walking.   The pace of the
walk gradually decreased to a normal walking pace and in the process my
breathing returned to normal.  

My body was like a furnace.   My face felt like it was burning up and rivers of
sweat poured off me.  I wanted to just sit down and relax, but Stuart was having
none of that.   Once he figured I had walked enough he started me on
calisthenics.

Soon most of the other slaves and Master Dieter had joined in.  We were all a
mess of male flesh running rivers of male sweat onto the floor.   Stuart kept us
at the calisthenics for a good half hour and then demanded 10 laps of the gym
before hitting the showers.

Without one word of complaint the guys all began their laps, I followed along. 
I was just finishing my first lap when Master Dieter pulled up alongside of me
from behind.

"Let's see what kind of man you really are, Harold.  I'll race you for the
showers.  If you beat me you may have the rest of the afternoon to relax and
enjoy the company of Josh.  If I beat you, you spend the rest of the afternoon
here with Stuart, learning how to run." he challenged.

Figuring it would be a good way to get into his good books, and knowing I didn't
stand a chance, I agreed.   After all, I could think of a lot of things worse
then spending the afternoon with Stuart.   A certain toilet for instance.

"Your on, Sir," I said, "holding out my hand to shake.

He sprinted ahead right away and I thought fuck I knew I didn't have a chance. 
But I also thought about having the rest of the afternoon to rest and relax,
then home to Pat.   I increased my pace, sprinting I knew did not win races.

By the fifth lap I was beside him.  My steady pace was slightly faster than his. 
He picked his up to stay even with me.   What happens in a tie, I wondered. 

At lap nine we were still side by side.   At the half way point of nine, Dieter
began to pick up the pace again and moved slightly ahead.   No damned way was I
going to loose this now I thought and picked up my pace as well.

I drew back up alongside of him as we started lap 10.  He looked at me and
smiled, then he went to say something, but I was no longer there.  I had been
preparing myself mentally for just this moment.   To catch him off guard for
just a second.  That was all the time I needed to put everything I had into one,
last, desperate dash.

I crossed the magic line just a fraction of a second ahead of him.    I had put
too much into this to be able to just suddenly stop so kept going bring my
system down slowly.  I was just breaking into a walk, my breathing almost back
to normal when Master Dieter pulled up along side again.

He placed a big hand on my shoulder. 

"Charlie really does know how to pick them.   Your ok Harold.   Your ok." he
gasped out. 

I looked at him and felt so proud. 

Was I proud?   Not all that long ago I was hating this man with a passion.   I
hated him and everything he stood for, now here he says he is proud of me and I
am feeling wonderful about it.  Things were happening to me that I didn't
understand.

A few moments later we joined the others in the showers.   Everyone, including
Master Dieter were horsing around.    We were like a group of kids.   There was
no Master/Slave thing going on here, we were just a bunch of guys having fun.

Then I noticed that some of the guys were starting to get hard.  They were
rubbing and touching each other, one had got down on his knees in front of
Dieter and had started licking his cock and rubbing his ass.   That it seemed
was the signal for an orgy to begin.   Before I even had time to blink everyone
was fucking or sucking someone else.

A hot mouth suddenly enveloped my cock.  I looked down and was almost shocked to
see Josh.    He looked up and his eyes were shining.  I smiled and then just let
it all flow.   At this moment I would rather his lips were on mine, but hell who
was I to argue with something that felt good for a change.

Josh was doing a fantastic job on my dick.   I looked around at the erotic
scenes all around me.  Everywhere I looked someone was sucking or fucking.  
Adrenaline was pouring through my system, my heart beating ten times faster then
it had while I was running.

My cock was throbbing and the most wonderful sensations arose as Josh continued
to work it.  Then a whole new thrill, a hot tongue was licking my ass.  My cock
gave a lurch, just at the wrong moment and Josh gave a little gag sound, but
quickly recovered.

The tongue moved up and down my ass cheeks and was now licking furiously down my
crack, getting closer to the glory hole.   The entire sensation, sight, sounds,
feelings were all coming together in a most profound way.

An all encompassing sexual experience, being a part of this living, breathing
orgy of lust.   Then that tongue found my little rose bud and almost sent me
through the roof.  I screamed out my joy.

"Oh yeah, suck my ass.    Oh get that tongue in there and suck my ass. 
Yaaaaaaaa."

Between the two of them they were quickly bringing me to the boiling point.   I
was one big ball of pure lust.   Between the tongue fucking my ass and the mouth
fucking itself on my cock I was in heaven.

The tongue pulled out of my ass and I whimpered.  

"Nooooo don't stop."

But a couple of strong arms wrapped around my chest and I felt a hard cock
searching for the hole of glory.   Then the head was rubbing against my hole and
being pushed in.

Slowly and carefully he forced his prick up my ass.   Taking his time, push in a
bit, stop, in a bit more, stop.   Soon I felt his hairy pubs against my ass.

"Are your ready for this, Harold." Master Dieter whispered in my ear.

The shock of hearing Master Dieter's voice, through me.   Was that him that just
licked and fucked my as with his tongue?    Would he do that to a slave?  I
finally found my with and answered him.

"Oh yes Sir, fuck the ass off me Sir."

"Oh I intend to Harold, you can bet on it." he said with a note of amusement in
his voice.

He then began a slow, steady thrusting in and out.   Josh changed his face
fucking pattern to match the strokes of Dieter.   As the Master's cock would
begin to thrust up my ass, Josh's mouth would begin the journey down my cock,
both ending up against my crotch at the same time.

"You like the feel of a real man's cock in your ass pussy, don't you Harold?"
Dieter said, in-between his grunts.

"Yes, Sir, I love the feeling of a real man's cock in my pussy.  Fuck my pussy
Master." I replied through my own gasping breath.

"That's all your good for Harold, being humped by a real man.   All wimps like
you need to feel a man's cock forced up their ass pussies."

Down on my cock, Josh was still keeping rhythm with Dieter, thrust for thrust.  
I was nearing the pinnacle, my whole world was one of sweet pleasure, erupting
from my dick and deep inside my pussy.  I was quickly losing control, loosing
myself in the pleasure.

"Ahhhggggguuuuuhhhhhh, Fuck me .....
aaaaahhhhh...... ohhhhhhh...... yessssss..
yessss.... yessss...oooooohhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhhgggggg..... Fuck me Master, fuck
this useless slaves ass." I yelled incoherently as my nuts began to unload.

Master Dieter sensing my state, began to unload himself.

"Take my fucking seed you worthless piece of shit.  Ohhhh ya take my seed in you
hot pussy." he yelled.

As I unloaded my hot juices down Josh's throat the Master was unloading his hot
stuff up my ass.   I could feel the burning heat of his seed as it plastered the
walls of my bowels.   The two of us, lost in a sexual frenzy as our nuts pumped
until empty.

Dieter bent his head down to my neck and began to bite my shoulder.   It hurt
but I dared not pull away.    He kept sinking his teeth, deeper and deeper into
my tender flesh, still I did not pull away.  It became so painful I began to cry
out, but still he applied pressure.   Soon I was screaming.

"Please, oh man it hurts.  Please, Sir."

Just when I didn't think I would be able to take the pain any longer, he finally
stopped biting, but continued to suck on the spot he had just bitten.  The
sucking did nothing to ease the pain throbbing through the bite, if anything it
increased the pain.

Josh had finished licking my dick clean and stood up.   He said nothing, but
watched as Dieter exerted his authority over me, by continuing to make the
bitten area painful.

He finally lifted his head and whispered in my ear.

"Didn't like me biting you did you, Harold?"

"No Sir. but my likes and dislikes are of no consequence, Sir." I answered.

"Dickie has done a very good job with you Harold.   You are correct your likes
and dislikes are of no consequence to me.   I am the Master, you are the slave
and that is the way it will always be.   Enjoy your afternoon with Josh, you
have earned it." he finished and pulled away from me.

I turned around, but he was gone.   I could not see him anywhere, so I turned
back to Josh.

"May we leave Josh, or do we have to stay until everyone leaves?" I asked him in 
a low voice, while my left hand raised and covered the bite.

"Let's go." he answered.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com



A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 18

Afternoon Delight

After drying ourselves, Josh and I headed into the gym to retrieve our few
skimpy cloths and the boots.    We didn't even bother to put them on.    Just
picked them up and headed out into the hall.

I thought we would be heading back to room 18, however we turned and went in the
opposite direction.   There was another hallway branching off to the right and
Josh headed down it with me right behind.

About halfway down the hall he stopped and opened a door.  He pushed it open and
stood back to permit me to enter first.  As I was entering I suddenly stopped
spell bound.

It was the most beautiful room I had ever seen in my life.    A large living
room, all decorated in varying shades of green.   The carpet was a dark green
and my feet sunk in and were surrounded with the most amazing warmth.   Hell it
was softer than the bed I slept on last night.

There were easy chairs, lounges, small tables, large tables all of the highest
quality, the wood highly polished, contrasted so well with the various shades of
green.   Everything had been designed to give the occupant the fullest sense of
luxury. 

Josh closed the door.

"Breath taking isn't it?" he said quietly.

"Unbelievable.   Is this your room?" I inquired still flabbergasted by it all.

"No, this is a guest suit.   Normally only Senior Master's, such as Charlie,
stay here when visiting.   Master Dieter told me that you and I were to make
full use of the suit for the rest of the afternoon.   He said that your every
wish was to be fulfilled.  Do you have any idea what you did to earn this
honour?" he asked.

"I'll be a Sonofabitch." I swore.

"He made a bet with me Josh.   He challenged me to beat him on that final jog
around the gym.   He said that if I beat him I could have the afternoon to rest
and that you could share it with me."  I said with awe as I continued to look
the  place over.

"I hadn't expected anything like this."

"The Master does sometimes go to extremes.    If he is angry with you, over even
the most minor of offenses, the punishment may end up being very severe.   On
the other hand when he is happy with you and wants to reward you he often goes
to the opposite extreme.   Just be glad he was happy with you, and let's enjoy." 
Josh said with a smile.

"Yeah." I said, turning to look at him.

His body was very close to mine and I could feel his heat radiating against my
skin.   I turned to look at his beautiful face and those wonderful green eyes
and those oh so kissable lips.

I moved towards him and he towards me.  Our arms were soon wrapped around each
other and my wish, since the first moment I had seen him, finally came to
fulfillment, as our lips met.

They were soft, warm and sweeter than the nectar of the sweetest flower on this
earth.   The taste and feel of him over powered me and I was soon lost in the
ecstasy of this beautiful human being, that was Josh.

As the kiss drew deeper and deeper, we finally sank to the carpet, unable to
stand of our on volition.    Freed of the need to balance, our hands began to
explore every nook and cranny of our hot young bodies, while our tongues
explored each others hot oral cavity, known by that most unromantic of names,
the mouth.

In our lust for each other we rolled around on that beautifully soft carpet. 
The soft, sensuous fibers adding to the sensations sending fiery signals of
ecstasy through our bodies to our fevered, lust soaked brains.

I have no idea how long we continued that kiss.   I only know that when we 
finally manage to pull away, our lips were raw from all the friction.  That
didn't stop our love making for even a fraction of a second.

Josh's arms had gone around me and pulled me in tight to him.   The feeling of
our pecs pushing together, our abs, our hard throbbing cocks moving together,
sent thrills through me.   We shifted our bodies, slightly, side to side,
exciting more nerve ends.  While my hot tongue began to explore Josh's right
ear.

He gave out a loud moan as I nibbled gently on his ear lobe.    Working my head
down I licked, short little jabs at his neck, then a sucking kind of kiss, which
brought further moans.   I couldn't go much further without us drawing apart.  
I didn't want these  feelings to ever end, but I wanted desperately to feel his
cock in my mouth.

We let go of each other and quickly shifted to a 69 position.   There in front
of me was 7 inches of cut, precum oozing, man meat.   My greedy mouth headed for
it like steel to a magnet.

I licked and savoured all his sweet precum, and it was sweet, sweeter than the
sweetest honey I had ever tasted.   I couldn't get enough.   I wrapped my tongue
around that cock, letting it slowly slither across the bulging, pulsing, purple
head. 

I felt his cock give a surge and another large drop of precum plopped onto my
eager tongue.  I savoured the flavor of this man, whom I had learned to love, so
easily, in such a short time.

We were nothing but a couple of animals lost in lust.   The outside world no
longer existed for us.   All that mattered was our deep need to feel, taste and
gorge our senses on each other.   To satiate this great hunger that drove us
onward towards fulfillment.

We both reached the pinnacle of our lust at the same moment and charged down the
hill of satisfaction together, wallowing in each others ecstasy.

Once we were both sated, we cleaned each other up and then scrambled to get our
lips back together.

This kiss was slower, less urgent, taking the time to enjoy each other.  To move
our bodies together and taste all the sensations. 

Eventually we got up from the floor and headed for the bedroom.   We were still
locked in an embrace as we moved like two star crossed lover's.   Pecking and
kissing at each other.   I felt so happy, so wonderful.   Was everything I had
gone through in the past few days and weeks, worth this moment? 

These things were going through my mind when we walked into the bedroom.   As
Josh opened the door I happened to be looking straight ahead.    If it had been
physically possible I am sure my jaw would have dropped to the floor.

The room was like something out of a fantasy dream.   It was a man's room, done
in rich brown's, highlighted by blacks.  Oak, mahogany and cherry woods
prevailed for the furniture and wall paneling that framed the mirrors which were
everywhere.   Brocaded gold drapes hung from the window alcove. 

The bed was enclosed by shear black draperies, pulled back and tied to the
bedposts that went to the ceiling.  The floor covering was the same material as
the rug in the living room but had changed to gold's and browns which
complimented the rest of the decor.

After I caught my breath we headed towards the bed.   It was covered with black,
satin sheets.    The ceiling above the bed was one huge mirror.  The bottom
would be able to clearly see all the action.  The thought caused a twitch
between my legs.

"Would you like a drink Harold?  Looks like the Master left us a bottle of
bubbly." he said pointing to a side board.

I looked over and there was a bottle of wine, some fruit, cheese and bread.  
When did the Master set all this up?   I don't remember him leaving to give
orders or anything.  We went right into the showers after that little race.

Could it be that he purposely lost the race and had set this all up before hand? 
I just couldn't believe that Dieter was the kind of man that would do that, no
matter how much he might like one of his slaves.

"Josh, when did the Master tell you that we would be spending the afternoon
together?" I asked, I just had to know.

"On our way into the shower.  He didn't give me any reason, just told me to
bring you here and make sure you had a good relaxing time and that whatever you
wanted, do it." he answered giving me a funny look.

"Well I just couldn't understand how he arranged all this in such a short time. 
He didn't leave the shower.  The thought had struck that he purposely lost that
race, but I just can not picture him doing such a thing."

"You got that right.   If he challenged you and you won, it was fair and square. 
After he gave me my instructions I saw him talking to Walter, one of the
housekeeping staff.   That would explain the tray, if that is what concerns
you."

"Ok, just my stupid mind at work, dreaming up all kinds of nefarious deeds being
concocted behind my back.   Yes lets have a small glass of that wine.   We can
toast a wonderful, relaxing afternoon."  I laughed.

The wine was cool, not cold, the coolness of the wine cellar clinging to it. The
staff had opened the bottle, permitting it to breath so it was ready for us. 
Josh poured and handed me the glass.  I lifted it to my nose and inhaled deeply,
the bouquet was exquisite.

We clinked our glasses and toasted the afternoon, then the benefactor.

"To Master Dieter, an expert at punishment, but a Grand Master at rewards."  I
said, lifting my glass to clink against his.

"To Master Dieter." he responded.

Josh also cut off some slices of cheese and broke off some chunks of bread.   We
nibbled and sipped and talked a bit, sitting in the middle of this great bed,
with the black satin sheets, surrounded by a sheer black canopy and a ceiling
mirror.  Talk about the pampered.  Shit it must be nice to be rich.

Josh taught me the joys of eating from the same morsel.  He would place a piece
of cheese, a grape, a piece of apple or bread between his lips then move his
lips to mine.   He would bite the morsel in half and we would eat, our lips
still together.   It was so erotic my dick was up and bouncing around, dribbling
precum as it waved back and forth.

We finally placed the glasses and the remainder of the food on the night tables
and moved back together. 

We kissed for a bit and then Josh moved down and began to lick and suck on my
throbbing dick.   I, in a partial sitting position, leaned my head back and
moaned  in pleasure.

Josh then asked me to grab my legs and spread them wide, which I did instantly. 
I had a very good idea what was coming.  Then a thought hit I had not been
cleaned out inside since I got here.

"Josh, I am not clean inside." I cautioned.

"That's  ok, it didn't bother Master Dieter none, I am going to give you a few
thrills anyway." he smiled and ducked his head down.

He started by licking around my nuts, taking each one gently into his mouth and
tenderly making love to it with his hot lips, tongue and teeth.  Pat had been
very good at this, so had Pete and Larry, but they didn't even compare to Josh's
technique.   I paid close attention as I enjoyed this.   My oh my, was Pat in
for a surprise tonight.

From my nuts he moved slowly on towards my ass.   His tongue working expertly to
find all my little pleasure spots and work them, eliciting moans of pleasure. 
Even a few yelps of pure glee, every once in a while.

There was no doubting it, Master Dieter may be a hard man, but he taught his
people how to be the best at everything they do.   Josh was an expert at finding
all the pleasure spots and using them to drive his partner to new heights of
pleasure.

Then his tongue was working slowly, lovingly around the rim of my anus.   I was
panting and gasping for air the feelings were so exquisite.    The fact that
Dieter had fucked me only a short time ago and that I had not had an enema to
clean me since arriving here, did not deter him from giving me pleasure.

He worked his tongue up into my asspussy.   Wiggling and snapping it around to
give the most intense sensations.  Finally I felt a finger join the  tongue, the
two working together, to make me scream out loud.

The pleasures I was feeling were so intense I had to grasp the sheets with both
fists and squeeze hard to keep myself from jerking all over the bed. 

The finger and tongue were removed and Josh sat up squiggled forward until his
throbbing dick was pressed against my love hole.   He leaned forward and gently
pushed the pulsing head into my waiting chambre.

I relaxed my sphincter and felt him enter me.   I was still breathing heavily
and encouraged him along.

"Oh yes Josh, push it in.  Fill me Josh, fill me with the essence of you."

Josh smiled and pushed more of himself into my pussy.   In a bit, out a bit, in
a bit more, out a bit until the whole shaft lay buried in my love canal.   He
stopped, holding it there and leaned forward.   His lips parted and we kissed.

We continued to kiss as he began to fuck my asspussy with a slow, but steady
rhythm.    Each time he entered he pushed against my prostate which sent a
charge of pleasure through my extremities.  Oh man, never let this end.

A wonderful side effect of the whole thing was that my throbbing dick was
sandwiched between our abs and was constantly massaged.   This was so much
better than a wank. 

Our love making and passion went on and on.   We had no reason to hurry to end
this wonderful time together.   Whenever either of us came close to the pinnacle 
Josh would ease off, let us down so we could carry on.   I had never know such
unending love and passion.

However it finally became too much for either of us to be able or even want to
hold off any longer.  Josh sat up and grabbed my hips and began to increase the
speed and strength of his thrusts.   I wrapped a hand around my dick and wanked
in time to his pounding hips.

We both reached the top of the mountain at the same time, screamed out our joy
and began the long, exciting trip down the other side.   Long white ropes of my
cum shot up into the air and flew towards my face.  I tried to catch it with my
mouth but missed, it landed on my chin.

The second one hit in almost the same spot, the third a little lower.  Josh was
banging into my rear end like his life depended on it.   Each thrust against my
prostate set a rope of my cum flying towards my face.

So lost in the joy and pleasure of it all I lost count of how many shots I made. 
I only know most of them hit my chin and neck.   Josh had a great time licking
me clean afterwards.

But he never swallowed any.  He kept it in his mouth until he had it all licked
up.   Then brought his hot lips to mine and surprised me with a gift of my own
cum.  We passed it back and forth, each taking a small swallow until finally it
was all gone, but the memory.

We were both exhausted, so lay back, closed our eyes and dozed.

I don't know how long we dozed, not having a watch or any clocks around.  But
was in for a big surprise when I opened my eyes.

"Ah the sleeping beauties are awake." a voice boomed.

Startled I sat right up.   Josh didn't move at all.   There getting up out of a
chair was Dickie.

"Hell the Master gives you guys all of this and what do you two fools do but
waste it fucking sleeping.  What do you think Stuart?" he boomed with a big
smile on his face.

Stuart!!  I turned my head and sure enough, getting up out of another chair, but
on the other side of the bed, was Stuart.

"Don't know what it is Dickie, young people today just don't seem to have the
stamina we had when I was young." he said and then bellowed at his own joke.

As they got up they both stripped off the vests and pouches, their boots were
already off.    At exactly the same moment, as though on a signal they both
dived onto the bed.

"Now it's time to show you two how to make out." Stuart said grabbing me.

His lips were locked onto mind before I had time to react to any of this.   I
felt Dickie grab my legs and pull them apart.   Then his hot mouth was slurping
on my dick.

"Hey." I heard Josh shout, "what the fuck about me?  Don't I count for nuthin'
no more?"

Stuart pulled his lips from mine and laughed.

"Sure ya do Josh, but you already raped the poor little bugger a couple of times
by the look of things and we wanted our turn." and he bellowed out again.

Well, soon we were all sucking each others cocks.  If it's called a 69 when two
guys are sucking each other, what is it called when there are four, perhaps,
"the big O", would be appropriate.  Of course at that moment I don't think any
one us could give a shit, one way or the other, what ya call it. 

After we had sucked for a while Stuart and Dickie wanted to mount Josh and I.  I
had no problem with that whatsoever, I found I liked it a whole bunch.   I am
not  sure how it came about, but Dickie ended up mounting me, while Josh took on
Stuart.  I was kind'a happy in a way, Stuart's cock was 2 or more inches in
diameter and I had never had anything that big up my ass.   I would need a lot
of preparing before I could take that thing without pain.

Dickie was just as good a top as he was a cocksucker.   He wasted no time
bringing me to the top, then bringing me down again.   He kept doing it, over
and over.   I was gasping and moaning and shifting around on the bed.   Just
letting him do what he wanted.

After close to the tenth time he had brought me up and then taken me down he
pulled out.   I almost screamed out my displeasure, but Dickie never gave me the
chance.

"Over on your belly, Harold and get your ass up in the air.   I wan'na see what
it is like to fuck, Dinky doggie."  he ordered.

I wanted that cock back up my pussy and at that moment I would have done
anything to get it there.   Rolling over and getting my ass end up was not a
problem.  

As soon as it was up, he was back in, humping away, getting me back to the top
again.    With one hand holding my hip to give himself balance, he let the other
one circle around and grab my throbbing dick.  He began to wank me in time to
his thrusts.

All I could do was grab onto the sheets and moan and yell out my pleasure.  What
I did notice right away was that, Josh was in the same position beside me.  He
had turned his head to look my way.

He smile and held out a hand to me.   We grasped hands and together reveled in
the ecstatic pounding of our pussies.

"Let's go for it, Dickie." I heard Stuart yell.

"Right on man." Dickie answered as he suddenly pounded into me with a vengeance.

I climbed that mountain real quick and was sitting on the edge, waiting for
Dickie to push me over so I could take that fabulous ride to the bottom.  

With a wild scream he gave that push and I began to shoot my load into the
sheets.  I could feel his hot seed splashing against the walls of my bowel.  His
hot, thrusting cock, splashed it around, coating every inch of the bowel walls
and his big dick.

My own was still shooting straight into the sheets, his wanking hand keeping up
with his still full thrusts.  Josh and I both were screaming out our ecstasy as
we rode the wild hill down to the bottom.   As our nuts emptied a wonderful
feeling of euphoria over came us.

I felt Dickie pull his dick out, I was so euphoric, I let my legs go and plopped
right down into my mess.  At that moment I felt so good I didn't give a shit
about anything except how wonderful I felt.

A loud clapping filled the room.  I rolled over and there, standing at the foot
of the bed, slapping his hands together and smiling, stood Master Dieter.

"It would seem that the slaves are having all the fun around here.   What are
you going to do about that?" he asked looking straight at me.

I had tensed up, the man still filled me with a lot of fear.   His icy cold,
blue eyes eating right through me.   At his words all four of us scrambled off
the bed.   Stuart headed for his back and helped remove his vest, then began to
massage his shoulders and lick and kiss his neck.

Dickie went down on his knees and scrambled up to his ass.   His arms came
around front, unfastened something and then removed a piece from the Master's
black leather trousers, leaving the crotch and ass free.   He then bent in and
started kissing and licking his ass.

Josh indicated to me to get on my knees, I knew what I was supposed to do and
crawled quickly up to the Master dick.  It was not a huge dick, but it was still
impressive.   Seven and a half inches of cut meat.   It was at least an inch and
a half in circumference.

It was semi erect as I placed one hand on his low hanging nuts and with the
other lifted his pecker up to lick the underside of the head.   A few quick
licks and his dick was soon fully erect.

Josh moved with his beautiful, sensuous lips, he was a fantastic kisser,  the
moment his lips touched the Master's, the Master's cock gave a lurch.   Mmmmm, I
thought, the Master likes Josh's kisses as well.

The four of us worked for a while on the Master.   He was soon gasping and
moaning and his hips were involuntarily fucking my throat with his meat.    I
didn't mind, it felt so good and tasted so manly.   He had a very strong male
musk odour.   I had not noticed that on anyone else.   I wondered if it was
natural or artificial, whichever, it was very erotic.

I felt Josh pull away from the Master and looked up.   The Master was breathing
pretty heavy so he was really getting off on all this treatment.

"Stuart, the Dieter gasped,  "take Dickie aside and give him a good hard ride. 
It has been a long time since he was rode.   That salami of yours should be just
the thing to loosen him up again.    I may want his services tonight."

I was still working away on his dick and Dickie had his tongue in the Master's
hole.

"Yes, Sir." Stuart answered.  "Come along Dickie, bet you one night of servitude
that I can make you squeal like a stuffed piggy." Stuart said good naturedly.

"Your on, old man." Dickie replied pulling away from the Master.

The Master then told Josh to get on the bed, on his back and lift his legs.  
Josh immediately adopted the position I had been in not too long ago.

"Your turn for some fun Harold.   Let's see how well you can fuck Josh." he said
beaming.

I climbed up on the bed and went down on Josh's cock right away.   In a few
moments it was up.  I worked my way down to his nuts, practicing the little
tricks he had used on me.  I heard him taking in great gulps of air.   That made
me feel great, I had learned.

I then moved to his pussy and rimmed him really well.   His ass was clean and
had a nice,  pleasant odour.   I worked my tongue into the warmth of his rose
bud, again trying to remember all the little things he had done to me.

"Are you going to suck shit all day or are you going to fuck him?" I heard
Dieter say in an impatient voice.

I withdrew my tongue, shifted my dick up and started to penetrate his love hole.  
Josh's hole was loose and my dick just slide right in.   I was surprised, I had
expected I would have to work slowly.   But I just went right in up to the hilt.

As I started to withdraw to set up a rhythm, Josh did something with his muscles
and his sphincter wrapped itself tightly around my cock.   I was startled.  He
asspussy now fit my dick like a glove.

I began a steady rhythm and it felt fantastic.   His pussy was so tight, it
squeezed and fondled my humping cock.  It was almost like having a hand
manipulating it.

I had the rhythm working very steady now and it was wonderful.   I felt like I
would be able to fuck him all afternoon at this rate.   But that was not to be.  
I suddenly felt a pair of hot hands on my hips and an even hotter cock at my
back door.

I pushed into Josh and on the withdrawal, impaled myself on the Master's cock.  
His cock hit my prostate and I gave an involuntary gasp of pleasure.

So there I was, the living, breathing, filling of a human sandwich.  Both Josh
and the Master were perfectly still while I did the work, making all three of us
feel great.

"Aiyeeeeeeeeeeeee." Dickie squealed.

All of us gave out a laugh.   Dickie had lost the bet.  Stuart of course had to
rub it in.

"Told you I would make you squeal ya little prick.   You kids are all the same,
no control of your emotions, that's yer problem." he laughed.

"Unless the Master has other things for you to do, bring me coffee at five
tomorrow morning and after you serve it to me, I'll let you suck my morning
woody."  he laughed again.

"Fuck you old man." was all that Dickie would say.

The rest of us were laughing at the exchange, even Master Dieter.

"That's telling the little snot Stuart." Dieter said.

While being sandwiched creates wonderful sensations on your dick and up your
pussy at the same time, it is a much slower process.   I had been humping away
for the longest time and was nowhere near ready to blow my load.    All three of
us were moaning with pleasure, but the target was still nowhere in sight.

I thought maybe I should pick up the pace a little and that's what I did.

"Don't be impatient, Harold." Dieter said.

"Take your time, enjoy.  Give pleasure and receive pleasure in return.   You go
fast and it is over too soon.   So enjoy it boy, enjoy it." he said, almost with
warmth in his voice.

I dropped the pace back to what I had been doing.   Josh's hands came up and
began to pinch and flick at my nipples.  He tugged a bit on my new nipple rings,
then flicked them.   They were still tender from the piercing and abuse they had
taken the day and night before.  But Josh seemed to know exactly what he could
do with them that would add to my erotic pleasure.   I did feel good.

Eventually Josh began to climb the mountain.  Watching the ecstatic pleasure on
his face as his head moved from side to side, added to my own erotic pleasure
and I began to climb the mountain as well.   Little changes in the throbbing and
pulsing of Dieter's cock as it moved in and out of my pussy, hinted that he as
well was climbing.

Sweat was dripping down my forehead, as Josh began to scream out his pleasure. 
This spurred me on to increase the tempo and strength of my thrusts.   I was now
banging in hard to his ass and hard against Dieter's hairy pubs.

My thrusting became furious as I reached the pinnacle and began to unload deep
in Josh's bowels.   At almost the same moment, Dieter unloaded inside my bowels
and Josh's started squirting great, long ropes of pure white cum towards the
ceiling at great force.

"Fuck my pussy, ram me, ram me, fuck me, oh man fuck me." Josh cried out.

All too soon it was all over and I finally was able to stop and rest.   I was
coated in sweat, fucking two guys at the same time is hard work.

The Master, pulled his still semi hard cock from my pussy and it exited with a
loud pop.  He and I then crawled up on either side of Josh and just lay there,
enjoying the euphoria.

After we had rested for a while, all five of us headed for the shower, which was
located in a toilet fit for a king.  Stuart and Dickie had finished before us
and were watching as we climaxed together.

As in the shower at the gym, there was a fair amount of horse play among the
five of us.   Dieter liked to play.   He was the Master, a strict
disciplinarian, but he was able to put that aside and just be one of the guys,
whenever it suited him to do so.   It really was amazing to see the
transformation.   His slaves all knew exactly when they were slaves and when
they could be men.

When we returned to the bedroom from the shower I was amazed again.   The room
had been completely made up.  The soiled, crumpled black satin sheets had been
replaced by deep purple satin sheets.  All our cloths were laid out on the bed,
well not all.   Each of them went to their outfits and began dressing. 

Where mine should have been, were a pair of beige trousers, a white polo shirt,
socks and on the floor a pair of white, canvas shoes.

"They are yours, Harold."  Dieter said.

"Master Charlie has decided you may wear human cloths to go home."

That's awful big of him, I thought.   But I was really happy.   I had fears that
they would put me back in that damned crate to ship me back.   Instead, I was
going to get to travel home like a real, live human being.   Part of the reward
for being a good boy last night, I guessed.

"Thank you, Sir." I said, as I moved to get dressed.

There was no underwear, but hell who cares, it felt good to have a pair of
trousers around my legs again.   As well the fucking, "SLAVE", word was no
longer visible.   Once I was dressed I almost felt free again.

Dieter told me to go into the living room and watch TV until Josh came back for
me.   We would all be having dinner together and they were all going to dress
for the occasion.   Pat, Pete and Larry would also be in attendance.  At the
mention of Pat, my heart skipped a beat.   I had missed him so much, I couldn't
wait to see him.

We all headed into the living room.  Josh showed me where the TV was hidden,
behind a sliding panel in one wall.   He gave me the remote and I plunked myself
down in a big, soft easy chair and turned on the tube.

The first thing I noticed was how fast the afternoon had flown.   The six
o'clock news was just coming on.  I had not watched TV since the day I was
abducted by Charlie, how long ago was that?   Hell I couldn't even remember.  I
had lost all track of time.   It had to have been a month or so.

Have you ever noticed how TV news anchor sets often have clocks, but almost
never have anything to indicate the date.    Every once in a while you may come
across one where they mention the date at the end, but that's about it.  Don't
the fucking morons that produce these things understand that not everyone always
knows the date?

It was about 20 minutes into the news when Josh showed up.   He was wearing an
outfit very similar to mine, except he wore a green shirt to match his eyes.  It
was the first time I had seen him wear anything but the vest and black crotch
pouch.  

"Wan'na go shoot some pool or play cards while we wait for dinner? he asked.

"Do you play Crib?" I asked hopefully.

"Sure do, wan'na play?"

"Yeah, I used to play regularly on Yahoo, before Charlie took me.   I miss it."
I replied.

"Ok, come on, we'll go to the games room."

The games room was almost right next door to the dining room were we had lunch.
It was a fairly large room with a couple of huge Brunswick pool tables, a ping
pong table, a dozen or so card tables, magazine racks, shelves of books and a
big projection TV.    All kinds of stuff to keep a bunch of guys busy during
their off hours.  The room was unoccupied at the moment.

Josh went to a cupboard and pulled out a cribbage board and a deck of cards.  We
headed for a card table and sat down.   We managed to get in three games before
it was time to go.  I won two and missed the third by only one point.  If I'd of
had first count on that hand the game would have been mine.   Who said luck had
nothing to do with winning at Crib?

After the third hand, Josh said we had better get to the dining room.   Master
Dieter would not tolerate anyone, particularly slaves to be late.   Punishment
was swift and severe for any slave that dared to be late.

The dinner was obviously not going to be held in the dining room where we had
lunch.   We headed back down to the hallway where that wonderful suit of rooms
was located.   Four doors past that, Josh opened a door on the opposite side of
the hall way and we entered into a very ornate, but tasteful dining room

The room was about 30ft x 60ft.  A large  dining table set for 12 took up the
centre of the room.  There were side boards along the walls and a couple of
doors on the other side of the room which I assumed led to the kitchen.

A few of the guys were congregated at one end of the room having drinks.  
Everyone was dressed in slacks and polo shirts.   I took it to mean that this
was to be an informal affair, but a cut above slave dress. 

Dickie, Stuart, Al, Bill and Gary were huddled together talking as we
approached.  Gary was the first to notice our approach.

"Ah, Josh and the guest of honour approach." he announced.

Everyone turned and we were greeted.  A slave entered from one of the doors and
took our drink order.   We joined right into the conversation, which dealt with
current legislation on gay rights and particularly gay marriages.

I had finished my first drink, which I will assume you guessed to be coke, and
you would have been right.  The server had returned and I ordered a second, I
was going to take every opportunity offered to drink as much coke as I could.  I
had not been getting all that many opportunities lately.

He had just delivered that second cold bubbly glass when Pat, Pete and Larry
walked in.   I was so happy to see Pat, I put my coke on a side board and rushed
right to him.   We hugged and he asked me how I was managing.   I told him fine,
but wanted to come home.  That brought a big smile to his face.

I brought him over and was going to introduce him, but he already knew everyone.  
I should have known.   The server was back and took their drink orders and we
all just continued to talk, waiting for the Master to arrive.

A little bell rang and all talk ceased.  A slave stepped into the room from a
door up at the opposite end.

"Gentlemen, Master Charlie."

Charlie walked into the room and down towards us.   We all shook hands and a
server had a drink for Charlie, of course it was bloody beer, and handed it to
him straight away.  I hadn't expected Charlie to be here, I wonder why he came? 

He talked with Pat for a moment then came over to me and told me to hold out my
hand but not look at what he would put in it.  I followed his order and he
placed a small tubular object into my hand, which I closed right away.

"Keep that object in your pocket, Harold. Hold it, feel it, try to figure out
what it is.  That little object could mean the difference between life and death
for you Harold.   But you will not know what it is until after dinner." he said
placing a hand on my shoulder.

Great another fucking mystery.   The difference between life an death for me.  
What the hell was this bastard up to now?  What the fuck could this little heavy
metal object be?

It was about and inch or so long and one end was kind of rounded and seemed to
have a cross or X scored into the rounded end.   The other end was flat, but
seemed to have a bead or something dead centre.   I didn't have a clue what it
could be.

We drank for a bit and talked, while I fingered the little mystery in my pocket,
and then that little bell rang again.   The slave stepped through the door and
announced:

"Gentlemen, Master Dieter."

Master Dieter entered the dining room and headed straight for us.  Again, a
server was waiting with a drink for him.   The subject of the conversations now
took a different route.   It switched to a discussion of countries with
fanatical religious leaders that persecuted Gays and Lesbians.

Master Dieter and Charlie seemed to be very clued in on the topic and even
mentioned that they had made sizable donations to factions fighting to overthrow
these religious despots.

After a suitable length of time the little bell rang again and Master Dieter and
Charlie led the way to the dining table.  Each Master took up one end of the
table.

There were 12 of us altogether.  Pat sat on the right of Charlie and I sat next
to him.  Al was next to me with Dickie and Josh filling up this side of the
table.

Pete sat on Charlie's left, with Gary, Bill, Larry and Stuart in that order. 
Stuart being on Master Dieter's immediate right, Josh on his left.

The servers started pouring wine as soon as we were all seated.   Once
everyone's glass was filled Stuart stood and proposed the first toast.

"Gentlemen, we are honoured by the presence of Master Charlie.  Senior
Magistrate of the Master's Congress of North America, Chairman of the Joint
Master's Association of Canada, Chief executive officer of the Master/Slaves
Retirement Fund, and our good and dear friend.   Master Charlie, Sir, we are
honoured to share our humble meal with you."  he said lifting his glass high.

We all stood, lifted our glasses and took a drink.   We then all sat down again. 
It was now Pat's turn.  He stood up and spoke:

"Gentlemen we are honoured to be the guests of Master Dieter.  A Magistrate of
the Master's Congress of North America,   Member of the Board of the Master's
Association of Canada and President of the Master's Association of Toronto. 
Master Dieter, Sir, we are honoured to be invited to partake of this meal with
you."  he lifted his glass and we all stood up and did the same.

The formalities over, the rest of the meal was completely informal.  The meal
started with a fresh fruit cocktail, followed by tiger shrimps, small button
mushrooms that were to die for, each had a toothpick stuck in it make eating and
talking enjoyable.   Everything was done slowly, it became obvious right away
that this meal was meant to take a couple of hours, to be fully enjoyed.

The main course was Lobster tail with drawn butter, a half inch thick slice of
Prime Rib, fresh glazed carrots, broccoli and oven roasted potatoes.   The meal
was exquisite.  Of course we had wine with each course.

To finish the meal a simple dish of vanilla ice cream with choice of fresh fruit
or preserve topping.  

Cheese trays were placed within easy reach down the centre of the table, as soon
as the dessert dishes had been cleared away.   Pots of fresh hot coffee and tea
also were place on the table.  We served ourselves.

The little bell rang and that little slave that did the announcing earlier
announced:

"Gentlemen, the Port enters."

We all stood, I wasn't sure why, I just followed the lead of everyone else.  The
double doors from the kitchen were thrown open and two slaves, encased in a
complete, black leather outfit, each took and held a door.

A horn blew some sort of tattoo and two more slaves, again fully dressed in
black leather very slowly marched into the room side by side, completely in
step.  Behind them came four slaves, again fully dressed in black leather
carrying a litter on their shoulders.   Resting in the centre of the litter was
a large crystal decanter of a deep red liquid.

It was carried with due reverence all the way around the room and back to Master
Dieter.  The four lads lowered the litter and Master Dieter picked up the
decanter with his right hand around the top neck and his left palm under the
bottom.  He turned to the table holding it straight out in front of himself at
just above waist level.

Then he raised the bottle up over his head and said with reverence:

"The Port."

Everyone replied:

"The Port."

He brought it back down to waist level and turned to face the right side of the
table.  Again he raised the decanter above his head and said:

"The Port."

Everyone seated on the right side answered:

"The Port."

Again the decanter went to waist level and Dieter turned to the left side of the
table and the process was repeated again.

I had no idea why they were doing this, some kind of Master/Slave ritual I
supposed.  Dieter then carefully filled his glass, turned and placed the
decanter back on the litter.

The slaves lifted the litter back onto their shoulders and made a slow march
down to Charlie.   They lowered the litter again and now Charlie picked it up,
in the same manner that Dieter had.   He went through the same process of
holding it at waist height then lifting then saying:

"The Port."

To which we all replied.  Then he did his right side of the table then his left,
then he finally poured the stuff into his glass.

This time instead of placing the decanter back on the litter he carefully handed
it to Pat.   I watched closely because I was fascinated by this ritual.  
Obviously the Port had some significance.

Pat took the decanter by placing his left hand under the decanter as Charlie
removed his.   Then he grasped the neck with his right.  He filled his glass and
turned to me.  I was a little nervous but did what I had seen him do.  Once my
glass was filled I passed the decanter to Al.

I noticed that the litter kept pace with the decanter, following it up the
table.  When it got to Josh, he filled his glass then turned and placed it on
the litter.   The litter bears raised it to their shoulders and marched it
around behind Master Dieter and stopped when they were behind Stuart.   They
lowered it again.

Stuart turned and picked up the decanter, filled his glass and passed it to
Larry.  The decanter now made it's way down that side of the table with the
litter following along.  Pete being the last one to fill his glass, turned and
placed the decanter back on the litter.   The litter bearers raised the litter
to their shoulders and continued marching around the table until they were back
up behind Master Dieter. 

Master Dieter stood and everyone stood with him.  He picked up his glass, raised
it and said:

"Gentlemen, the Queen."

Everyone responded with:

"The Queen."

We drank our toast to the Queen then sat down, sipped the Port and drank our
coffee, it really was quite pleasant.  It was at about this time that I
remembered the object in my pocket and put hand in and started to finger it
again.

It had me baffled.  I had never felt anything like it before.   What could it be
that it might hold life or death over my head?  Why would Charlie give me
something that might cause my death?  I thought he was happy with my training. 
I guess I was just going to have to  patience, Charlie would tell me in good
time.

There was a bit of commotion at the end of the room where we had first
congregated before dinner.  A couple of slaves had brought in some sort of
contraption.  I couldn't make out exactly what it was.  

It was almost like a garden trellis, but was made of metal.  Some ropes and
things hung down from the centre.   Then watched fascinated as they rigged a gun
to a clamp which held the gun dead centre and down about a foot from the top. 
They continued playing around with it hooking up ropes and things.

Finally one of the slaves approached Master Dieter and whispered in his ear.  He
nodded.   The slave and the others that had been helping him left the room.

"Charlie," he said, "the test area is ready."

"Thank you Wolfgang, if I may, I will proceed."  Charlie said.

"Gentlemen, a few days ago, one of my slaves, namely Harold here, threatened
another Master.  Now whether he meant to carry out that threat or was just
blowing steam not is not germane, the threat was made.   As you all know a slave
making a threat against a Master will not, can not, be tolerated"

"Harold, a very meek, submissive character, keeps finding little pockets of
strength to rebel against being held a slave.    We tried many different methods
to train him, but still he rebelled."

"As a last resort, I decided to let Master Dieter try to salvage Harold.  From
what I have seen so far he has done an excellent job and Harold is ready to go
home and fulfill his duties and give up all thoughts of freedom."

"However, with Harold it is hard to know if he has given in or not.  The
question that bothers me is, has he really become a dedicated salve?"

"This little test has been devised to test his resolve.   Does he consider
himself more important than his Master's orders?  We shall see."

"Except for Harold, you have all seen this test before.   We have had a couple
of tragedies, but they are the price we pay to ensure dedication.   I do hope
tonight will not be a tragedy, I believe Harold will be a very good, productive
slave."

While he was saying all this, the object in my pocket was getting very hot.  I
suddenly had a sneaking suspicion as to what it was.   The gun had given it
away.   I had never seen or touched a real bullet before, but I was now very
sure the object was a bullet.

What the hell did these sick bastards have in mind.   What the fuck were they
going to do with that gun and I assumed this bullet in my pocket.   I didn't
think it was going to be  very pleasant and began to get real scared.

"Harold," Charlie said, looking deep into my eyes. 

"I must know that you are a dedicated slave."  

His look was very serious, he was not smiling.   All the others were deadly
quiet.  The only sounds in the room were Charlie's voice and my knees knocking
together.

"Harold pull that object from your pocket and hold in your hand,  palm open." he
said quietly.

I obeyed.  My suspicion was confirmed it could be nothing but a bullet.   It had
a shiny brass base and a kind'a coppery head, with a deep X cut deeply into the
rounded, semi-pointed top.

"Do you know what the object is Harold?" he asked.

"Yes Sir.  I think it may be a  bullet, Sir."  I answered, I was now shaking all
over.

"Yes Harold it is a bullet.   Just a harmless bit of brass and copper.   But
place it in a gun and it becomes very dangerous.   That bullet is designed to
kill instantly if it strikes the head.   The victim would feel nothing.   Life
would just cease." he explained.

"Harold I want to test your loyalty.  You are going to place that bullet in the
gun hanging from that rack over there.  We will show you how to do it.   It has
a revolving chamber.  Once you have placed the bullet in the chamber, you  spin
the chamber so know one, including you, knows where in that chamber the bullet
is.  I am sure you have heard of the Russian version of roulette"

"There will only be the one live round, that one you have been holding for the
last couple of hours.  The gun hanging from the rack normally holds nine rounds.  
The other 8 rounds that are in the chamber right now are all blanks but have
been designed to weigh exactly the same as the live round.   When the chamber is
spun, it will be fully balanced."

"As I mentioned, you may spin the chamber as many times as you like,  within
reason.    You will then open your mouth and place it on the barrel of the gun.  
There will be a cord hanging down which you will pull.   If there is click, we
all go home happy.   There is only a one in 9 chance that the live round will be
in the chamber, Harold.  The odds are in your favor but there is still a very
high risk you will blow your head off." he almost whispered that last part.

"To prove your loyalty to me Harold go over and place that bullet in the gun,
spin the chamber, take the barrel in your mouth and pull the cord.  Do it now,
Harold." he commanded.

Shaking like a leaf, wanting out of this place of Dieter's, wanting relief from
the pain, I got to my feet.  I would rather blow my head off then go through
this unending pain.  Pat stood up with me and took my arm.  I staggered over to
the gun.

Pat touched something on the gun and the revolving chamber opened.   I could see
the ends of all the blank rounds.   He indicated that I should push the live
round into the empty chamber.   With fingers that were shaking so badly I could
barely control them I did what I had been ordered.

Pat indicated to me to push the chamber up and closed.   He then told me how to
spin it.   I gave it one spin and it went round and round and round.   I didn't
think it was ever going to stop.

By now tears were flowing down my cheeks.

"Could I give you a quick kiss goodbye in case I fucked this up, Pat." I asked
quietly.

He stepped up and gave me a kiss.  It sure helped, I didn't feel quite so alone. 
I then made my way around to the front of the contraption.   The barrel of the
gun now pointed at me.

I opened my mouth and placed it around the barrel and Pat placed the cord in my
hand.   I felt there was no use prolonging the agony.   In a few moments it
would be all over and we could head home, or I would be heading for a hole in
the ground.

I pulled down hard on the cord and there was a loud click.   The tension had
been so great that the relief was more than I could bear and I fell to the
floor.   It took a while to get the shakes to stop, Charlie brought me another
glass of port and told me to chug-a-lug it.

Within a few minutes the shaking stopped and I was able to get to my feet,
everyone gave me a standing ovation.

"I think you may truly have finally received the message, Harold, you are my
slave."  Charlie said with a big smile,  "You will find a few changes when we
get home."

We went back to the table were we all had another drink.  I must say I was
feeling no pain by the time the party broke up and we said our good-byes to
Master Dieter and his slaves.   The hardest part was saying goodbye to Josh.

But he assured me there would be many times when we would be able to get
together for a little fun,: 

"particularly since Master Dieter likes the feel of your pussy wrapped around
his cock." he said with a giggle.   

"What!" I exclaimed in surprise.

"Ya, you should have seen his face when you were sandwiched between us,   he
doesn't get that lost, euphoric look very often.  But the real clincher was his
showing up in that suite at all.    He must really have enjoyed himself in the
shower and wanted a repeat."

Oh great, I thought to myself, that's all I need, Master Dieter in love with my
fucking pussy.  Shit how fucking lucky can one guy get?

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

Part 19

Home & Dinky doggie's Return

After all the good-byes had been said we headed out to the car.  I got to walk
out, just like a regular human being, no leash, no Dinky doggie thing pissing
against trees, no crawling, not naked, not even half naked, no sireee bob.  I
got to walk out of that fucking place like a man, dressed in a man's clothes and
walking on my own two feet.

A big black limousine was parked just outside the main entrance, at least it
looked like the main entrance.  Larry jumped in the driver's side,  Pete held
the right rear door open for Master Charlie, closed it after he got in, then sat
up front next to Larry.  Pat and I walked around the other side and climbed in. 
I ended up sitting in the middle between Pat and Charlie.

Other than the ride all trussed up in the trunk, when they snatched me, I had
never ridden in a Limousine before.

This was really something, it was so smooth you hardly knew you were moving.  

It had a TV, but it was not turned on.  There was a bar, but no one offered me a
drink and I didn't dare ask for one, which was just as good, because I was
already half snapped.  Pat and Charlie were talking business, ignoring me
altogether.  I lay my head back against Pat's shoulder and fell fast asleep.

"Come on, sleepy head." Pat said, shaking me.

I opened my eyes, Charlie was gone, the car door was open and Pat was there
smiling at me.

"You gonna stay out here in the car all night or would you rather have a nice
warm bed with a warm body to keep you company?" he teased.

"Oh I'll take the warm body, any idea to whom the warm body might belong,
besides Charlie, that is?" I teased back, laughing.

We both jumped out of the car.  I couldn't be one hundred percent sure, but it
looked like we were in the courtyard.   The Gazebo, was in the centre and highly
visible by the light of the full moon.   Interesting, I couldn't remember seeing
any doors in the wall big enough for a car to enter.  Strange.

We entered a door and were in a part of the building I had never been in before. 
The hallway was nicely decorated with matching paint tones in bright colours.  
The floor was carpeted, not cement.  The doors and door frames all along the
hallway were of real mahogany.   

We came to an intersection and turned left down another hall, just as nicely
appointed.   At the fourth door down, Pat stopped.

"Your room, Harold." he said opening the door.

I stepped up and looked in and was amazed.  It was beautiful.   The room was
very large, about 30ft x 40ft.  It was all done in various shades of blue, beige
and cranberry.

It included a large sofa, two easy chairs, a coffee table, a TV, what looked
like a bachelors kitchen against the left wall, and down at the right end a
large bed, with two side tables.

A door behind me which was to the left of the bachelor kitchen led to a huge
bathroom, that included the usual stuff you would find in a bathroom.   It too
was done in various shades of blue.

"Over the course of the last few weeks we determined that these were your
favorite colours so had the room decorated like this.   If there is anything you
don't like you may make your own changes or just let me know and I will have the
decorators in to do it for you."

"Oh wow Pat, it is unbelievable.  You mean this will be my room?" I asked still
amazed by what I saw.

"Well for now.   As you earn your wings around here you could progress up into
better accommodations.   This is a very basic room, doesn't have much in the way
of amenities, is a long way from the bar, the dining room, the gym, the pool and
the games room.   But if you keep your nose clean and obey the Master, you can
bet that within six months you will move up to a two room suite.   Within a year
you could have yourself a three room suite." he said looking at me seriously.

"I get these privileges just for obeying orders?" I asked stupidly.

"Well that and doing a good job.   You are in very high demand right now Harold. 
Make your points, get yourself set up while you can.  The Dinky doggie fad will
soon fade and it will be much more difficult for you to make points.  Charlie
will give you the opportunities, you just have to make the best of them."  he
explained.

But to be perfectly honest, I didn't have a fucking clue about what he was
talking about.  Opportunities?   Making my points?

"In the mean time I get this room, not the cell room?" I was still being stupid.

"Yes.  Unless you do something to really fuck up, you will never have to spend
another night in the cell room." he answered.

"Oh yeah, I think I could get to really like this." I said walking over and
sitting down on the bed to test it.

"Now about that warm body........" I started to say, but he was there before I
could finish.

The last few feet, he was actually flying as he took a jump and ended up in the
centre of the bed.

"You rang, young man?" he said as he placed a hand on his cheek and supported
his head with his arm.

"Could be." I replied moving up to him.

Our lips met and we were soon in a love embrace, our tongues urgently searching, 
discovering lost treasures.   We then began to fumble around trying to undress
each other, not wanting to break the kiss.  The hardest part was getting the
fucking trousers off.  It had been so long since I had worn any that my feet got
all tangled up in them.

Our love making was long and sensual as we tried to make up for lost time.  As
well it was the first time we had been able to make love in comfort, the cell
room was not exactly a romantic location.

After we had both sated our desires we fell fast asleep.  For me it had been a
very, very long day.

I awoke the next morning in a great deal of pain.  Whatever Josh had been giving
me, to relieve the pain in my nuts, had worn off.   They were burning and
throbbing.  Pat was sound asleep beside me and I didn't want to wake him.

I climbed as carefully as I could out of the bed, every move was excruciatingly
painful.   I cupped my nuts in my hand and tried walking to the bathroom.   I
made it, but have no idea how.   My entire groin was one massive ball of pain
and I was sweating profusely by the time I closed the door.

Why did I come to the bathroom, I thought to myself?   I had no idea, I didn't
feel like I needed a piss or anything.   Maybe I just didn't want to disturb
Pat.

Then I remembered the day in the shower when Dickie had let the water run over
my aching nuts and how the warm water had helped a bit.   Maybe that had been in
the back of my mind, so I went to the shower and turned on the water.   When I
got the temperature just right I stepped under and let go of my nuts.

The little jets of warm water hit my nuts, like fucking sledge hammers.

"Ahaaaaaaaaaaagggggggggghhhhhhhh." I screamed, dropped to my knees and passed
out. 

The moment the blackness surrounded me, I saw the shadows, the shadows that were
always searching for me.    I became instantly fearful, for I remembered that
the shadows wanted me dead.   That they would keep searching until they found
me.

I crouched down low and quietly snuck away from them.   They had been oh so
close.    I must be loosing my grip to have allowed them to get so close.  But
having evaded the shadows hadn't done a thing for me.  Up ahead was something
even worse.

The most hideous creature I had ever seen.  It had three heads and each had
snakes for hair, live, wriggling horrible snakes, snapping at the air and each
other.   The faces, oh man the faces.   The centre face was Charlie's, the one
on the right Pete, the one on the left Larry.  It's body was green and seemed to
be running with slime which was being excreted from large dark green warts all
over it's body.

The three pairs of eyes were like balls of fire, they struck terror in the
beholder.  The noses were flat and squashed tight to each face, with yellow
mucus dripping out and running across the huge lips that turned up at the ends,
almost making them bulge.

One of it's mouths opened and stuck out a yellowish brown tongue.   Whenever it 
opened one of it's mouths and exhaled the stench nearly knocked me off of my
feet.  It had two very muscular arms and legs.  One of the arms shot out and
grabbed me before I even had a chance to react to it's presence.

Oh how I wish I had let the shadows have me, anything would be better than this
hideous thing.

As it pulled me closer,  I noticed it was naked and had a huge cock, at least
12inches long and 2 inches in diameter and it was in full erection.  A purplish
goop was dribbling out the slit in the massive head.  Two huge, dark green
balls, the size of grapefruit hung below it's disgusting meat.

It's other hand was swiftly placed behind my head as it pulled me forward.  I
finally found the sense to try and fight it, to pull back, but it was no use,
the thing was much too powerful  for a puny little human like me.

"Suck, my, cock." it bellowed, one word coming from each hideous head and brown,
stench filled mouth.

"Suck, my, cock." it repeated.

"No fucking way you monstrosity." I screamed in revulsion.

The green slime was bad enough, but combined with the purple goop, I would
rather die then take that fucking cock in my mouth.

"Suck, my, cock." it bellowed again, pulling my head closer to that disgusting
phallus, that was now bobbing up and down in it's excitement.

The hand that had been holding my arm and pulling me forward let go and went for
my neck.   The thing was lightening fast and had me locked tight, with one hand
behind my head, the other in front and around my neck.   With complete control
it simply forced my mouth to within an inch of that disgusting throbbing piece.

"Suck, my, cock." it bellowed again.

"No never." I screamed at it.

The hand around my throat squeezed and my mouth involuntarily opened.  That big
green, slimy phallus was jammed all the way down my throat.  The taste was the
most horrible, foul taste I could ever imagine.   I immediately began to throw
up.

I awoke throwing up.   I was spewing my guts all over myself and had to make a
quick turn to avoid choking on my own vomit.  

I was lying on the floor of the shower the warm water shooting down on me.  
When I shifted, the water hit my nuts again, the sledge hammers were back to
work.

"Ahhhhaaaaaaaaagggggggggggg." I screamed out in agony, my hands shot out to
cover and protect my precious nuts while another heave erupted from my gut.

The bathroom door flew open and Pat came running in.   He saw me on the floor in
agony and quickly shut off the water.

"What's wrong Harold?" he asked very concerned.

Through the crushing pain surrounding my nuts I managed  let him know what was
wrong.   He told me to lie still he would be right back.

I lay back and tried to will the pain away, but it just didn't want to stop.  My
entire groin was on fire.   If it hadn't been for that green monster and his
ugly, stinking dick, I might have let myself go back to the dark place.   But
the hideous creature and that horrible dick were enough to make me stand the
pain, at least for a while longer.

Thank goodness for small miracles, at least the spewing had stopped, but my
mouth felt foul.

Pat returned a few moments later with his black bag.  He opened it, took out a
syringe and a bottle of something.   He filled the syringe.

Try to get yourself in a position to make it easier for me to inject this into
your scrotal sac, Harold.  I lay back, lifted and spread my legs apart.  

"Now place both hands around the sac, just under your balls and push in gently
until your balls become tight.  It might hurt a bit but it will make injection
easier." he said calmly.

I did as directed and yes it did hurt, but as long as I made all the movements
slowly and smoothly I could handle the pain.   Once I had them sitting pretty
snugly on top of my hands he gently brushed a piece of alcohol soaked swab
across a place between my nuts.

"This will sting and may even hurt quite a bit going in Harold, but hold on.  As
soon as I start injecting the fluid the pain will stop." he instructed.

"Go for it Pat, anything to stop this pain."  I gasped out.

He wasn't kidding about the sting and the pain.  It was almost as bad as the
sledgehammers.  I screamed and squeezed my sac, but it was only for a fraction
of a second.   The moment that juice entered my sac, the pain stopped.  The
relief was so great I just put my head back and sighed.

"Josh didn't tell me he had been treating you with x4d,  I guess in all the
excitement it slipped his mind.   I am just as much to blame, I should have
asked him, after all I am your doctor and I knew you had been through some
pretty rough treatment.  I am truly sorry Harold." he said sadly.

"It's ok Pat.  It is over, that is all that is important.  How much longer will
I need to take that stuff?" I asked.

"I don't know just yet.  I will have to get hold of Josh and Dickie and find out
just exactly what went down with you.   Based on what they did I will have a
better idea of how to treat you.   Josh may already have a schedule set up.  I
will know better later this morning, ok?"

"Ok,  I will leave it to you Pat, do whatever you think best, but please don't
let me go through that pain again, ok?" I said with a smile.

"You can bet on it.  Now lets have a good shower and get you ready for the day,
well the morning anyway." he said.

"Something special on this morning, is there?" I asked innocently.

"No.  Just back to normal routine.  You get to spend the morning as Dinky
doggie."

I looked at him in surprise.  Dinky fucking doggie!  I thought that shit was all
over with.   Damn Charlie.

"You don't look too happy, Harold." he said.

"Oh it is no problem." I answered quickly.

"I just thought from what Master Charlie said last night that things would be
different.   I guess he meant the room, which I really do appreciate.   Well
let's have the shower and get me ready for Dinky's grand return." I smiled, a
forced smile, but a smile just the same.

It really was fantastic.  Whatever the stuff was that he shot into my sac, x4d I
think he called it,  really worked wonders.   It would have been impossible for
anyone that hadn't seen it to believe that only a few moments ago I had been
lying on the floor in total agony and completely helpless.

We soaped each other down and of course lingered in certain areas until
something rose up.   Once all soaped up our lips met and we went into a long,
lingering kiss.  At the same time we embraced and began to rub our slippery,
soaped up bodies together, now there is one hell of a fantastic feeling.   Two
soapy cocks rubbing together between two sets of abs.

We kept it up and got more turned on by the second.  The next thing I knew I was
shooting a load and so was Pat.  We didn't stop the rubbing or the kissing until
our nuts were emptied and even then we went on for a bit longer.

We were still lost in the kiss when a voice said:

"Don't you two ever stop, even to fucking breath?"

We pulled apart and there was Pete, leaning against the wall watching us. 

"Quite a show, wish't I'da had'a camera, could'a got some great porno shots for
the internet.  Oh well better luck next time." he chuckled.

"Morning, Pete." Pat said, not rising to the bait at all.

"Morning, Pete." I also called out but added:

"Nothin' better to do in the morning but be a peeping Tom, huh."

"Well actually, came to help get you dressed for your return.   The show in here
was a hell of a lot better then the crumpled bed clothes in the other room, so
what do you expect." he giggled.

"Anytime you to love birds are finished we can get on with our jobs.   Don't
forget Charlie is anxious to have Dinky back in the bar." he said.

"Ok, give us just a moment to rinse and dry and we will be right out."  Pat said
with a smile.

Pete left and we rinsed and dried.

As we entered back into the main room, Pete was there as was Larry.   Just
inside the door was a golden coloured cage set up on a cart.   I looked at the
cage with some surprise.   Looked like the morning was going to be one with many
surprises.

"Ah, you have spied Dinky's limo." Larry said jokingly.

"It is much too far for Dinky to walk to work now, so Charlie sent a limo to
pick him up.  Some dogs get all the luck." 

We all laughed over that, but mine was forced.   I did not like the looks of any
of this.   I really had thought this shit was over, at least here.   I knew
Charlie wanted to send me out to other Master's as Dinky doggie, but I thought
things were going to change on the home front.  Oh well, best get on with it.

"Where do you want me, on the bed or the floor?" I asked.

"Beds too soft Harold.  We will have to do it on the floor for now, so down on
your back, boy." Pat said laughing.

It didn't take them long to get me into Dinky doggie mode.   Charlie had decided
to do away with the face piece, at least for the time being, I would be wearing
just the nose instead.

Just before applying the nose I was given the standard warning that I had always
been given before.

"Ok Harold, going to put on the nose.  Once it is in place you are Dinky doggie
and may not speak.  You must be a dog, ok?" Pete said.

"Yes, I am ready, go for it." I answered.

Pete pushed the nose into place and they helped me up onto my four legs.  Larry
brought the tail over and inserted it into place up my ass.   All the ass
fucking I had had in the last couple of days had opened my sphincter pretty
good.  I hardly felt the tail piece being inserted.

Larry opened the cage door and then pushed a button on a handle on the cart.  
The whole base of the cart lowered to the floor.  I wouldn't need a ramp to get
into the cage.   I crawled forward and entered the cage.   Once in, one of them
closed the door and locked it.

I turned my self around so I was facing out the door.   The cage was actually
quite a comfortable fit and had a nice soft mattress bottom.   I sat my back end
down and was ready for my trip to the bar.

As we exited my room we turned right and headed right across the hallway we had
used to come in from outside last night.   We continued down the hallway for the
longest time,  I didn't think the damned hallway would ever end.

We came to another hall branching off and turned right.  Ahead was a set of
double doors.  Pete went ahead and pushed a button on the wall and the doors
opened automatically.

Everything changed radically on the other side.  Gone was the nice paint job and
the carpeted floor.   The hall was a drab green and the floor was cement.  This
was the hallway I remembered.

We walked on for a while and soon we passed what I knew were the doors to the
loading dock.   I remembered them from the time Pat took me to Master Granger's. 
When was that?  Four days ago or was it five?

Now I knew exactly where I was.  I recognized the doors to the kennel, the gym
and the cell room as we passed each in succession.   Just up ahead I knew was
the bar.   I don't know why, but I suddenly felt very scared.

As we approached the bar room door, Pete opened and held it while Larry
maneuvered the cart into the room.  My first observation, nothing had changed in
the last couple of days.   Still seemed to be the same guys, sitting at the same
tables.   Charlie was sitting where he always sat, his back slightly to us.   He
never turned to look when anyone entered, but I knew he was aware of our entry.

Once in, Larry maneuvered the cage up against a wall and pushed the buttons that
lowered the cart to the floor.   Pete unlocked the door and indicated I was to
get out.   Just as my head cleared the door, he fastened a leash to my collar.

He then lead me to Charlie, handing him the leash.   I walked right up into the
position I knew I was supposed to take and Charlie's big hand was soon on my
head, scratching behind my fucking ear.

"Good morning boys," Charlie said cheerfully,  "how did Dinky sleep last night
Pat, ok?"

"Yes Sir he slept fine.   Had a little problem this morning though.  Josh and I
fucked up, Sir.   Dinky suffered some serious pain, the x4d that Josh had been
treating him with wore off during the night.   I forgot to ask Josh what meds he
was using and he forgot to tell me.   As Dinky's main physician I accept full
responsibility and  deserve whatever punishment you deem necessary to correct my
fault, Sir." Pat said, without any fear.

Oh Pat don't do this, I cried out to myself.   He might do something really
dreadful to you.  

"Will take that into consideration Pat.   Will also discuss this with Dieter.  
Josh should not get off scott free either.   You are both medical doctors and
know the welfare of your patient comes first.  I will set your punishment this
afternoon." Charlie said as if discussing just any other business matter.   No
emotion what-so-ever.

He then turned his attention to me.  He pushed his chair out slightly from the
table, but his fucking hand kept scratching me behind the ear.

"Ah Dinky how is my dog, are you feeling better now?" he asked with a tone of
love and affection in his voice.

"Rrrough." (yes) I answered.

Then he pulled one of his dirty o'nasties on me.

"Josh and Pat were bad boys, not very good Master's to let you get into distress
like that were they?"

A barbed question.   He knew that I would not want to answer yes, but that I
would have to, to please him.   He was testing me again, to see if I would put
my own feelings aside.   I could not afford to piss him off and I knew Pat would
understand so I answered with the only possible answer.

"Rrrough." (yes)

"Guess I will have to make it a pretty severe punishment.   They must be taught
not to neglect their duties, right?  he asked again.

Damn I wish he would stop this shit.

"Rrrough." (yes)   it really hurt me to answer like this but what else could I
do?

"And so they shall, Dinky, and so they shall.   I will make a point of letting
them both know that you were very unhappy with the way they treated you and that
you fully concur with my punishment."  he said with a smile.

This probably was the worse thing he could have said to me.   Tears formed in my
eyes and began to roll down my cheeks.

"Ah look boys, Dinky is so happy to be home, tears of joy are rolling down his
cute little furry cheeks." he said, getting up out of the chair and down onto
his knees.

He put his face close to mine and said:

"Give daddy a big kiss Dinky, show him you are happy to be home.  Big, wet
sloppy doggie kisses."  he said, his face practically on top of mine.

Ok, Charlie.  Big wet, sloppy dog kisses coming right up.   I made sure I had
lots of saliva in my mouth as I started licking his face.  At first I think he
was a little shocked, because a kind of fire came into his eyes.   That went out
rather quickly and the glittering happy shine came right back into them.

"Oh yes, Dinky.   You are one hell of a great dog kisser, that's for sure.  
Just make sure you kiss like this when you go to Master Antonio's next week." he
said.

That startled me.   I knew I was going to be going out on these little side
trips, but didn't expect it to start so soon.  Oh well, that is the life of a
dog slave I guess.

I was now licking across his lips.   He opened his mouth and I stuck my tongue
inside and licked.   If he wanted a proper human type kiss, he would have to
initiate it.   Right now I was going to obey his instructions and be a dog.

I must admit, licking another mans open mouth, just as a dog would do, was a
real turn on.   I could feel my dick stiffening up.  Charlie, however had had
enough of the game and pulled away.

"Bet you must me starved, Dinky."

"Rrrough."  (yes) I didn't mind saying yes to that at all, I was starved.

"Ok boy, will have your breakfast here in a flash." he said as he got up off the
floor.

"Harry." he yelled. "Bring Dinky his breakfast."

I was looking up and saw that he had taken a white handkerchief from his pocket
and was wiping all my saliva off his face.    I quickly looked down to the floor
so he wouldn't see my little smile of joy.

"Yes Sir." I heard Harry respond from the kitchen.

"Coming right up, Sir."

A few moments later I heard Harry limping towards the table.

"What do we have for my favorite pet today, Harry." Charlie asked.

"A fresh mushroom and tomato omelet, crisp bacon slices and home fries, Sir.  As
well a dish of warm chocolate milk, Sir.   Would that be ok Sir?"  he asked
through trembling lips.

I just waited with my breath held, hoping Charlie wouldn't decide to do
something disgusting to my food today.

"Yes that sounds real great, Harry.   Now you get down on the floor with Dinky
and if he is still hungry after eating this you go right back to the kitchen and
make him up another bowl." Charlie ordered the trembling slave.

"Yes, Sir.  Right away, Sir." Harry said with a bit of relief in his voice.

He came around to the other side of me and placed the bowl down in front of my
face.   I got my mouth into the omelet as quick as I could.   Charlie had pulled
a perfectly good breakfast out from under me before.   I wanted to get as much
of this one into me as possible before he got the chance.

Poor old Harry got down on his hands and knees beside me and watched as I
gobbled up the food.  I turned towards him and gave him a wink, I think he knew
that I was saying thanks for a great breakfast.

When the bowl was empty he asked if I was still hungry.

"Rrrough, rrrough." (no) I answered.

Harry was learning real quick, just as I was, because he came back right away
with:

"Was everything satisfactory, Dinky?"

"Rrrough." I answered, leaned forward and licked his face.

"Ah Harry, you made my dog very happy this morning.   Look at that boys, Dinky
kissed Harry to thank him for a great meal."  Charlie said.

Then his big fucking hand was scratching me behind the ear.

"You know what, I think Dinky should show you how he can sit up and beg, Harry.   
Now let me tell you how you can get him to do this trick.   Just hold your
fingers over his head like this, ( he demonstrated), and snap your fingers,
while telling him to, Beg Dinky, beg."

With no options and not wanting to piss him off, I got up on my knees and put my
paws in front like a dog begging.  He then removed his hand and I sat back down.

"Now you try it Harry." he ordered.

Harry placed his hand over my head and went to snap his fingers, but Charlie
stopped him.

"You can not do it from the side, Harry.  The dog must be in front of you.  
Take the leash and get the dog right in front of you." he said handing Harry the
leash.

I knew exactly what to do and got myself around to try and help Harry through
this terrible ordeal Charlie was putting him through.

Harry lifted his hand over my head.  I could see fear in his eyes, so I smiled
to try and ease his fears.   He snapped his fingers and said the magic words.

"Beg Dinky."

I raised myself up on my knees with my paws out front.

"Oh look at that Harry.   Dinky's got a hard on.   He must be in love with you."
Charlie bellowed so everyone in the bar could hear.

I turned red and my dick gave a big throb.   Harry also turned a bit pink, hard
for a black man to do, but he did it.

"Does Dinky love Harry?" Charlie asked.

"Rrrough." (yes) I answered, it was no use fighting him on this, he would win in
the end anyway.

"Oh what's that behind Dinky's dick, Harry.   His dick is waving back and forth
like a windshield wiper so it is kind of hard to read.   Why don't you put one
of your big black hands on Dinky's dick and hold it still so we can see."
Charlie ordered maliciously.

Harry moved a badly shaking arm towards my waving dick.   The fucking SLAVE
word.   Charlie wanted to make sure everyone saw the SLAVE word burned into my
pubs.  Tears filled my eyes again as I felt Harry's warm hand take hold of my
dick and pull it aside.  He sat there gaping at the word.

"Well you stupid fuck, what does it say or are you too illiterate to read a
simple little five letter word." Charlie growled at poor old Harry.

"It says, Slave, Master Charlie, Sir." he answered.

"Oh imagine that, you can read after all.   Well now let's see if you can speak
nice and loud so everyone can hear you.  Try again, Harry." he ordered.

"The word is Slave." he said loud enough for all to hear this time.

"That's right Harry, it says slave.   This afternoon, Pete and Larry are going
to take you to the punishment room and they are going to burn that into your
chest and across your back, in huge letters.   Every time you look in a mirror
from now on you will know that you are a slave and belong to me." he said
vindictively.

"How do you like his eagle, Harry?" he asked.

"It looks real good, Master Charlie, Sir." he said through lips that were
trembling worse then before.

"Glad you like it, because you are going to get one of those as well.    Oh and
a little secret message will be burned into your right ass cheek.   If your a
real good boy maybe one day we will tell you what it is." he said roaring now
with laughter.

Poor old Harry just quivered and quaked.

"Now poor old Dinky doggie is in love with you and you have given him a big hard
on.   I think it only fair that you get those big black lips around that doggie
dick and suck it.   Make sure you swallow all the doggie cum, too."

"Yes Master Charlie, Sir." the poor old bugger said as he lowered his face to my
throbbing cock.

Harry may have been a fairly old man and not very good to look at, but he had
one hell of a hot mouth.   His lips were made for sucking cock and I think he
had a lot of experience.   The moment he started moving those beautiful lips
around the head of my throbbing knob I was in seventh heaven.

I just couldn't help but moan, oh man what a welcome home treat from the cook.  
I just could not sit still the sensations travelling up from my dick were
unbelievable.  He soon had my nuts raising in their little warm sac and I let
out one hell of a scream of pleasure has I began to shoot my load into his hot
working mouth.

When my balls were empty and he couldn't suck out anymore from me, he licked my
dick clean and sat up.    I dropped back to my hands and knees and went up to
him and licked his lips.   I wanted to kiss him, but knew that would piss
Charlie off, so I just licked him like a dog would.

Charlie responded by licking back.  There we were, a white boy dressed like a
dog and an old black man, licking each others tongue's and lips and mouths.

Charlie finally became tired of the whole thing.

"Don't you have work to do Harry.   You can not spend the whole fucking morning
on the floor playing with the fucking dog." he snapped.

Harry pulled back, got up quick.  Taking my bowl, he headed off quickly to the
kitchen.

"Get over here Dinky." Charlie called to me.

I quickly moved back to his side.   He unclipped the leash from my neck and
placing his hand on my head, scratched me behind the ear.

"Now why don't you go around the room and greet all your old friends whom you
haven't seen for a few days, Dinky." he smiled down at me.

I looked up at him with sorrowful eyes and headed out to do his bidding.   I
knew exactly what was going to happen.   Each guy at each table was going to
make me get up and beg so they could see the SLAVE word burned into my pubs.   

They would get to have a good laugh at my expense and the lesson that I really
was nothing but a slave would be etched that much deeper into my brain.

The first guy at the first table was the man I had known before as Pongo.  He
was the one that had helped me when those guys had mistreated me so badly.

As I came up to him he pulled his chair out from the table and smiled down at
me.

"I got a nice big bone for you Dinky.  Been saving it all week just so you could
have a nice treat." he said with a smile on his face.

He unzipped his jeans and out popped his big hard dick.   I didn't hesitate.  
The man had been good to me in the past, hell why not make him feel good.  
Beside I really had taken a liking to sucking cock.

It didn't take long before Pongo was shooting his load deep into my throat.  He
hadn't been shitting me.   His nuts were really full, he must have shot ten or
twelve full shots down my throat before his nuts finally emptied.   I licked him
clean and sat back waiting for his next order.

He placed and hand on my head and said:

"Good dog.   You gotta be the best fucking dog Charlie has ever owned.   You
really know how to suck cock, boy.  Yes sir, you are one hell of a dog.  Now off
you go and greet the others." he said good naturedly.

"Grrruffff." I said as a kind of thank you for being so easy on me.

He just smiled and pulled his chair back under the table.

The rest of the morning was rather gentle.   Oh I had to show that fucking
embarrasing SLAVE word a couple of dozen times and suck a few cocks, but that
was it.   The morning seemed to fly by and the next thing I knew I was in the
cage and being wheeled back to my room.

I can not tell you how good it felt to get that damned nose piece removed. 
Although the two hooks that go up inside the nostrils have holes to permit me to
breath through the nose, it is still very, very uncomfortable.   Mind you I will
take the nose any day to the eye piece, so I was not about to complain.

After the outfit was removed I headed straight away for the shower.   I always
felt so dirty after taking off the dog outfit.   The hot water felt good and my
nuts were still without any trace of pain.

For the first time since I got back I also got a chance to really examine them. 
They were both swollen to about half again normal size.   The sac itself really
had begun to stretch.   I would be willing to swear it was at least an inch to
an inch and a half lower than before Charlie began my sac stretching.

That brought a new worry.   I had to go back to being Dinky doggie, was I also
going to have to continue with the nut stretching?   I sure hoped Charlie had
enough sense to wait until my nuts healed.  Well I guess I would find out this
afternoon.

After my shower I went out into my room.   I had been instructed to put on the
standard slave gear, pouch, vest and boots.   I was then to head back to the
bar.    Pete had asked if I was sure I knew how to get back and I told him what
I thought was the correct way, he was satisfied with that and had left.

Fully dressed, in almost nothing, I headed back to the bar.   It was as I was
walking down the hall that I remember what was burned into my right ass cheek. 

"The Property of Master Charlie."

With just the pouch, my ass cheeks were fully visible to everyone.  My face grew
warm, I was blushing with shame, my dick on the other hand was enjoying itself,
rising to the occasion.  

There were not many others in the hall as I looked down to see if any of the
slave word showed above the pouch top at the front, but sure enough the top of
each letter was visible.   I tried pulling the pouch up a bit, but it really
didn't help.

Well there was nothing I could do, I was just going to have to get used to it,
that's all there was too it. 

I made the right turn at the second hall and came to the double doors.   I
pulled one open and walked back into the depressed area.  A few moments later I
entered the bar and walked over and stood quietly beside Master Charlie, waiting
for his orders.

He paid no attention to me what-so-ever.  I remembered the training that Dickie,
Al and Bill had given me.   After an appropriate time, the slave may adopt the
rest position.

After what seemed to be ten or fifteen minutes and still he had not acknowledged
my presence,  I went down to the rest position.  My hands resting on my knees.

Charlie still not pay me the slightest heed.  He was talking with Pat, Pete and
Larry about an up coming meeting and they were discussing the minor details. 

"You may be able to make use of Harold, Pat." he said.  "He may be a useless
piece of shit but he does have a good head on his shoulders." Charlie said,
talking about me as though I weren't there.

"Oh and one other thing, the Pride Parade is coming up in a couple of weeks.   I
think we should make use of Dinky for that.  We might also use one of the other
dogs, perhaps it is time for Stinky to make another appearance." he said.

"We would surly win if stinky were to mount dinky, at the judging area.   It is
private and only the judges and certain parade officials will be in attendance.  
Yes I think that would be excellent.   Get Bernard to make up doggie outfits
suitable for public display."  he ordered.

"Yes Sir," Pat responded, "I will have Bernard get to it right away."

A fucking parade, in public.   Stinky going to mount me......... he doesn't
mean............ oh fuck yes he does mean..........,  I am going to get ass
fucked as Dinky, by Larry dressed as Stinky in front of judges.   Oh shit, I
thought.


Pat you can brief Harold on all of this later this afternoon " Charlie ordered.

"Yes Sir, will do." Pat responded.

"Harold." Charlie called.  

It was so sudden and unexpected it startled me.   I hesitated for just a
fraction of a second too long.

"Harold, I am fucking talking to you, wake up." Charlie bellowed.

"Yes Sir.  Sorry Sir." I replied scared out of my wits.

Damn, my first day back and I have fucked up already.

"Get up off the fucking floor and sit in the chair.   I can't be talking to you
while you are sitting on the fucking floor." he commanded.

"Yes Sir." I answered promptly this time and quickly got up and into the only
vacant chair at the table.

"Harry." Charlie bellowed.

"What's for lunch, we are all starving out here."

Harry came limping out of the kitchen at almost a run.    He stopped when he got
to the table.

"We have burgers today Sir, with french fries,  or a nice bit of fresh catfish,
only take a few moments to fry'em up, or if you would prefer something light,
how about a ham and cheese with tomato on fresh rye bread, Master Charlie, Sir." 
he announced.

"I'll have the catfish with french fries." Charlie ordered.

Pat also took the catfish.   Pete and Larry both wanted the burger.   I decided
to go with the catfish as well.   I was willing to bet, Harry would do one hell
of a great job with them.

Charlie also ordered a round of beer for the table.   I didn't want no fucking
beer, but how do I say no to the man who owns me and can make me do anything he
wants.   I can't, so I drank the fucking beer and each of the succeeding ones he
ordered.   Ruined my whole fucking lunch.

However after lunch he did relent when I asked:

"Master Charlie, Sir, would it please you Sir, if this slave were to have a cup
of hot coffee, Sir?"  ok, ok I know it sounds stupid and corny, but how the hell
else was I going to ask him in such a way that I could be assured of success?

"Why certainly, I think that could be arranged." he answered.

He called out to Harry and ordered coffee for everyone.  So lunch wasn't a total
loss, however when the coffee cups were empty, he ordered another round of beer.

It was while we were drinking this latest beer that Charlie decided to make his
announcement about Pat's punishment.

"Master Dieter and I have decided that Pat and Josh were definitely derelict in
their duties.  In their favor, they both agree that the failure to consult each
other about Harold's treatment was a serious dereliction of duty.   Harold could
have gone into shock from the pain and possibly even have died.

That got my attention right away.   I could have died from the pain.   Holy
fuck,  these cocksuckers did this to my fucking nuts and are now blaming Pat and
Josh because I could have died from the fucking pain.   The fucking Master's do
not accept any responsibility for their own actions, but are quick to point out
and punish others for fucking up.

"Considering no real harm was done, Harold is only a slave after all, we think a
severe warning should be sufficient to drive home the point that this kind of
dereliction of duty can not and will not be tolerated.  Don't let it happen
again, Pat." he said vehemently.

"No Sir, it will never happen again." Pat said.

On the one hand I was overjoyed.  Pat was not going to get beaten or anything
like that.    On the other,  Charlie's comment about, "no real harm," and
"Harold is only a slave," really rankled.
My life had been in jeopardy and he waved it off as being nothing.

So, that was that, the subject was dropped and we went back to discussing the
things we were discussing before he broke the news.  Was I ever going to adjust
to or understand this life?

"Ok, if there is nothing else everyone back to work." Charlie ordered.

"Harold, you go with Pete and Larry.  They are going to laser burn my marks into
Harry.   You can give them a hand." he said looking at me with his dark, dagger
eyes.

"Yes Sir." I answered.

I wasn't going to like this assignment, but then what else is new around here.

Larry headed for the kitchen, while Pete and I headed for the punishment room. 
Pete had me roll out a gurney table, similar to the one in the cell room.   It
was located in a built in wall cupboard.  I rolled it out to the centre of the
room as instructed and set the brakes.

He had also asked me to push out a small cabinet that was on wheels.  It had
been sitting up against the wall.   He brought some equipment over and placed
the stuff on top of the cabinet.   He opened the cabinet and gave me an
extension cord, he really didn't have to explain what to do, just pointed to a
wall outlet.

In no time at all the equipment was ready.  Larry must have timed himself so
that he a Harry would arrive after everything was set up and ready to go.

"Hi Harry."  Pete said in a friendly manner.

"We are not going to hurt you Harry, that is a promise.   Just ask Harold here. 
He has had this done and there is no pain at all, is there Harold?" he said
looking at me.

Bastards, they were going to use me to try and make Harry feel better about this
shit.   But I just couldn't afford to fight them.   I had had enough pain.

"That's right Harry, you will not feel anything at all, not even a tingle.  It
only takes a moment and it is over."  I said, feeling like hell about lying.

There was pain, oh not physical pain, but there was a tremendous amount of
emotional pain.   Having another man's mark placed upon your body, against your
will is a very traumatic experience.

"I will be with you Harry." I said walking over and taking him by the arm.

"I will be right here with you the whole time, you can hold my hand if you like. 
It might make you feel better."  I tried to give him reassurance.

"Thank you Harold." he said with tears in his eyes.

"Just think Harry, this will make us special.   We will be the only two in the
building that carry the Eagle on our chests.   It will kind'a be like being
blood brothers."  I said with a small chuckle.

Harry saw the humor, and gave a small laugh.   His trembling had eased off some
so I guess I must have been helping the poor old bugger.

They let Harry lay down on the table.   That at least was much better then the
way I was done.   Larry brought a shaving mug up, rolled the shaving brush in it
a few times then lathered up Harry's right pec.   He handed me a razor, I didn't
need instructions, I knew what was expected and began to shave Harry's already
smooth, hairless pec.

While I was busy with that, Pete lathered up his pubs and then shaved him.  
When we were finished a warm cloth was used to remove any trace of the shaving
lather.  Pete then patted him dry with a towel.

Pete then handed me a bottle and a thick piece of gauze.  This was the
sterilizing compound and the whole pec, where the burn would take place had to
be wiped good.    

As soon as I finished, Larry applied the laser pad.    He flicked the switch,
the whirring took place for a few seconds and then he pulled the pad away.  
There on Harry's chest was a replica of the Eagle that was on mine.

"Oh it really looks good on you Harry." I said.

He lifted his head and looked down.

"Hard to see from here." he answered.

"We will show you in a mirror in a few minutes, Harry."   Pete said.

Larry went down and placed the other laser pad across Harry's pubic area.   The
whirring took place and the pad removed.   Harry was now the humiliated owner of
the word, SLAVE, across his pubs.

"Ok Harry," Pete said,  "the front is done.  Flip over and we will do your ass
and it will all be over."

Harry did as he was told without any complaint.   Pete lathered him up and
handed me the razor.   I shaved Harry's right ass cheek, Pete wiped it clean
with the cloth and then dried it with the towel.   Then I sterilized the area.

Larry placed the laser pad on the cheek and Pete pushed the button.   The
whirring sound and it was all over.  Harry now had the words, "The property of
Master Charlie",  burned into his butt.

We helped Harry up and onto the floor.  Pete suggested I take him into the
bathroom so he could see the laser burns in the mirrors there.

Harry walked in front of the mirror and took one look.   Big tears formed in the
corners of his eyes.   He said nothing just looked and those big tears rolled
down his cheek.   I took hold of him and pulled him close.

"It's ok Harry." I said soothingly.

"It's ok to cry."

"My great, great granddad was a slave in the southern states.   He along with
his wife and two children escaped to Canada.   Now look, his great, great
grandson is now a slave. We have come full circle." he said this in a very soft,
sad voice.

I held him while he cried.   I think Pete and Larry knew what was going to
happen because they left us alone.  I had a feeling they really did not like the
way Charlie treated Harry.   They had been so gentle with him.   They never
treated me like that when I was in punishment mode.

Harry finally pulled away.

"Thank you Harold, you are a good boy.   I had better get back to the kitchen
and get to work.   I don't want anymore punishment." he said his voice very,
very sad.

"Ok Harry.  Is there anything I can do for you?" I asked stupidly.

"No, you have been very helpful and I do appreciate it."  he said as he leaned
forward and kissed me on the cheek.

I grasped his hand and shook it as we headed back to the punishment room.  Pete
and Larry were sitting side by side on the table.

"Here are your things Harry you may get dressed and go to your room.   Charlie
said you may have the rest of the afternoon off to rest." Pete said quietly.

"Thank you Sir." Harry said as he started to put on his clothes.

Once he was dressed, he asked for permission to leave, which Pete granted.  He
looked very sad and very old as he left the room, closing the door silently
behind him.  I wanted to ask some questions, but I knew Pete and Larry were not
the right guys to ask.

Once all the equipment was put away, I asked Pete what I was supposed to do now.

"Well now, it seems that you had a race with Master Dieter and won.   That made
Charlie very happy.   He had not realized that you were in such good physical
shape.  He wants you to stay that way, so we are all off to the gym for some
good, old fashioned exercise." Pete said with a smile as he slapped me on the
shoulder.

Now that sounded like a great idea.

To be continued.


This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 20

Preparation for the Journey to Hell

The rest of the week was pretty much uneventful.  Every morning Pete arrived to
help Pat prepare me for my role as Dinky doggie.   I would go to the bar, pushed
along in Charlie's idea of a doggie limousine, the golden coloured cage.

He would scratch me behind the ear and then get Harry to bring me breakfast.  
Not once did he do anything to mess up or foul the food.    I was always on my
best behavior.    Never gave him any reason to do anything really nasty.

Oh he continued to embarrass me about his marks, making me do the beg thing for
anyone new that came in.   For the most part I spent my mornings sucking the odd
cock or laying on the floor at Charlie's feet with my head in my....paws.

Every afternoon was the same.   After having lunch with Charlie in the bar, Pete
and Larry would take me to the gym for an afternoon work out.   This was the
part I liked the best.   No one bothered us and we had a great work out and then
a good long swim in the pool.   A couple of times Pat joined us for an hour or
so.

In the evenings it was off to the games room to watch TV or play cards, play
pool or whatever struck my fancy.   Life was turning into a routine that really
was not all that bad.   I did not have to worry about anything.   Other than the
fact I had no rights, life was good here.

On the fifth morning after my return, Pete showed up bright and early instead of
Pat.

"Morning Harold.   No Dinky doggie this morning." he said cheerfully.

"Larry and I have a job to do this morning and Charlie thinks you should help us
with it."

"Oh, is it ok for me to ask what the job is?" I asked warily.

"Sure, no problem.   We are going to prepare your three tormentor's for
shipment.   Charlie found a buyer and we have to prepare them for the trip.  
They will be leaving late this afternoon.   Preparing them however is a big job,
so we really do need your help." he answered.

"Well, it will be a welcome break from the routine anyway." I answered with a
smile.

"One other thing, you get to wear a different outfit today.    Charlie does not
think it would be appropriate to let these guys see  your tattoos.   So you get
to wear these leather trousers.   But be sure you wear the pouch as underwear."
he said handing me a bag he had been holding in his hand.

"Thanks Pete." I said opening the bag and pulling out the trousers.  

They smelt so good and felt heavenly.   I don't know why I love the smell and
feel of new leather, but I do.

Even with the trousers, it didn't take long to get dressed and then Pete and I
headed for the bar for breakfast.

As usual Charlie was already there, sitting in his normal position.   I went
over respectfully and stood silently beside him, waiting for acknowledgement and
permission to sit.

"Ah, good morning Harold, have a seat boy." he said with a big smile.

"Pete has informed you about your duties for today?" he asked.

"Yes Sir, that I would help prepare my tormentors for shipment, Sir." I replied.

"You did an excellent job the afternoon you helped with their training, Harold. 
I expect no less from you today.   You may not like the way we will prepare
them, but you must put your personal feelings aside.   I have given specific
instructions on how they are to be prepared, that is what will be done." he said
seriously, looking deep into my eyes.

"Yes Sir, I will obey your orders, Sir, regardless of my personal feelings." I
answered.

"Good.   Now lets forget all this for the moment and have a  nice breakfast." he
said with a big smile.

"Yes Sir." I answered respectfully.

While this exchange had been going on, Harry had approached from the kitchen.  I
hadn't noticed him until Charlie started to give him his breakfast order.   But
when I did, I had to do a double take.   I couldn't believe that Charlie could
be so cruel to this, quiet, sad old man.

Charlie was completely naked except for a black sock thing that encased his cock
and balls.    The SLAVE word was very prominent.    Poor Harry must be really
feeling bad right about now.

After taking Charlie's order he went and stood beside Pat, got his then when to
Pete, Larry and finally me.   I felt so sorry for the poor man.   Why was
Charlie so fucking cruel, I wondered.   Harry was a fantastic cook, he was doing
his job, why go out of his way to make life a misery for him, I couldn't help
but wonder.

Being free to make my own breakfast choices for a change, I ordered 4 eggs,
sunnyside, bacon, sausage, pancakes, homefries, toast, orange juice and coffee.  
Charlie gave me a strange look.   I thought, oh, oh, I have gone too far.

"You always eat this much for breakfast before you came here, Harold?" he asked.

"When I work out regularly I burn a lot of calories, Sir and eat twice as much.  
Going to the gym everyday with Pete and Larry, I am really doing a lot of work
and need the food, Sir."  I answered.

"Pat make a note to get Dinky a bigger bowl.   I don't think we have been
feeding him enough." Charlie said.

"Yes Sir, it will be in the kitchen this afternoon.   I will change the
breakfast order for Dinky as well, Sir."  he said.

"Can always count on you to get things done, Pat." Charlie said with a smile.

A few moments later a young boy, not more than 16 or 17 approached from the
kitchen.    He was completely naked, just like Harry.   He was carrying a tray,
with mugs full of hot coffee.   He was new to it and did not have a good balance
on the tray.

He was also very embarrassed, being naked.    Like me, when I was in positions
such as his, his cock was standing at attention and dribbling precum as he
walked.

When he got to the table he placed the tray down.    There was coffee all over
the bottom of the tray, but the lad had sense enough to make sure he had a rag.  
He wiped the bottom of a mug and placed it in front of Master Charlie.

Charlie didn't pay any attention to the boy what-so-ever, or at lest he
pretended he wasn't paying any attention.

The boy went around the table delivering coffee to everyone.    After he placed
mine he picked up the tray to start back to the kitchen.

"Hold on there, Fuckup." Charlie commanded.

The poor kid went rigid and began to shake a bit.

"Why is there fucking coffee all over that fucking tray?" he demanded.

"Because I spilt it, Sir." the poor kid stuttered.

"You fucking spilt it.   Do you have any fucking idea how much coffee costs
these days?   Well do you, you useless piece of shit?" he hollered.

"No Sir." the boy answered tears of pure fear now running down his cheeks.

"Bring that fucking tray around here so I can see it." Charlie demanded.

The kid picked up the tray and hurried around for Charlie's inspection.

"Fuck, there must be damn near a full cup there.   What were you going to do
with it, Fuckup?" he almost screamed at the frightened boy.

"Wash it out in the sink, Sir." he answered the tears cascading down his pale
cheeks.

He was so scared, his hardon had now gone completely flaccid.

"Wash it out in the fucking sink.   Waste almost a full cup of expensive
coffee."  Charlie charged.

"Pick up that rag and soak up the coffee with it." he ordered.

The boy did as he was told.   Soon the rag was sopping and wouldn't absorb any
more of the coffee.

"Now wring out the rag onto the tray."

Again the boy obeyed.

"Now get down and clean my boots with that rag."

The boy quickly scrambled to the floor.   A few minutes later he stood up. 
Charlie looked at his boots.  

"You didn't do the fucking bottoms asshole, get down there and do the job
properly."

Again the kid dropped to the floor.  A few moments later he stood up again.

"Now sop up the coffee and then wring out the rag again.   Then I want you to go
and clean every pair of boots in the bar.   That shouldn't take you too long
since the five of us are the only ones here.   Now move your ass boy." Charlie
instructed.

For the next ten minutes the boy cleaned each of our boots.   Each time soaking
up the coffee and wringing it back in the tray.   I had a fair idea of what was
coming and I didn't envy the boy.

After he had done my boots he went back and informed Charlie that he was
finished.   Charlie made him rinse the rag in the coffee a few more times.

"Now place the tray on the floor and I want you to wash the floor all around my
chair.   Make sure you wring that rag out good I do not want the fucking floor
sopping wet." he ordered.

Again the kid obeyed.   When he was finished Charlie had him put the tray back
on the table and made sure he cleaned the rag in the coffee.

"Now boy, put your hands behind your back bend over and drink up all that
expensive coffee from the tray."

The boy suddenly had a look of complete revulsion on his face.   I knew this was
coming.

"But it is dirty Sir." he stammered.

"Is it.   Well boy so is a fucking toilet bowl full of shit.   Now which would
you rather drink, this expensive coffee or a toilet bowl full of shit?"  he said
looking at him with that evil look.

The boy knowing he was defeated bent over and started drinking the dirty coffee.  
Charlie wasn't satisfied just making him drink it.   He made him lick the whole
tray until it was almost dry.

"Let that be a lesson for you, Fuckup.   When you are serving food, don't spill
it, the punishment may be revolting.   Now where is that rag."

The boy showed Charlie the rag which he had been holding in his hand.

"Shove the whole thing in your mouth boy." Charlie ordered.

Again, unable to do anything else the poor kid did as order.   He stuffed the
dirty rag into his mouth.

"Pete go get the tape and tape the little fuckers mouth shut." he ordered.

While Pete went behind the bar to get the tape, Charlie went on tormenting the
boy.

"You will keep that fucking rag in your mouth until tomorrow.  Your punishment
for spilling coffee all over the fucking tray will be 20 lashes with the leather
belt.    The punishment will be delivered by Pete just before he puts you to bed
for the night."

Pete brought the tape over and taped the poor kid's mouth up so there was no way
to remove that rag.  He also had a black leather hood which he pulled over the
poor kids head.  There was a leather strap at the neck and Pete fastened it and
placed a small padlock through a hoop in the strap.    The kid would never be
able to remove the hood without the key.

"That should teach you boy. Now get back to work and be more careful." Charlie
growled.

The kid turned and hurried off to the kitchen.    As soon as he was gone Charlie
broke out laughing uncontrollably.

"That will teach the little prick." he managed to get out between gales of
laughter.

The breakfast was delivered by Harry.  It was amazing, he carried all five
plates at once.  Two plates on each arm and one in his hand.

The breakfast was great, everything cooked perfectly.   I just dug right in, I
was famished.   I felt real sorry for the kid, just as I did for Harry, but
there really was nothing I could do.   I did not want another visit to Master
Dieter's and I was going to keep my fucking nose clean.

As we began to eat Charlie spoke to me.

"You have never seen the kid before, have you Harold?" he asked.

"No Sir." I answered with a mouthful of pancake.

"No, you were at Dieter's, when he arrived.    A policeman friend brought him.  
The kid is 18 and has been in trouble for years.   Stealing, bullying, suspected
of a couple of serious arsons, and also of a couple of knifings.    Recently he
has been dealing for one of the local drug pins .  Anyway the courts keep
letting the little prick off.   It has reached the point where the kid just
snubbs his nose at the cops."  Charlie spoke as he nibbled at his food.

"A couple of the members of the force are friends of mine and they asked if it
might be possible for me to do something with the lad.   Of course I had to tell
them that if I took him on it was for keeps.   He would never leave slavery.  
The way they saw it was this, the kid was not about to change his ways, in fact
he was getting worse.  Now that he was mixed up in the drug trade, the day was
coming when he was going to start killing poeple or worse.  So they decided that
if I could save a few lives, why not.   So they brought the boy to me."  he said
looking into my eyes again.

"Pete and Larry have done a great job.   Did you see how easy it was to make him
cry.   He has also found out that he will never get to fuck a cunt again either,
now that he is the cunt.  He doesn't much like it, but then that has never
bothered Pete or Larry, has it guys?"

"No Sir," Larry answered.  "He has a nice tight asspussy and he is learning to
suck real good.   Another week and he will be sucking like he'd been doing it
all his life."

"So he will become a slave like me and work here, Sir." I asked.

"Well he will become a slave, Harold, but no, he will not be staying here.   I
have already sold him.   He will be heading to the middle east in about six
weeks.   A rich Arab has purchased him as a fuck slave.   He will have a very
good life, Harold.   He will live in the lap of luxury and all he will ever have
to do is suck and be fucked by his Master every once in a while."  Charlie
answered with a big grin.

"Is that what you are going to do with me, Sir, sell me to a rich man
somewhere?" I asked.

"Again, no, Harold.   I have no intention of selling you to anyone.   I want you
here, I think you will like it here and eventually we will find a full time job
for you.   But for now, I want you to continue with your training and to fulfill
your obligations as Dinky doggie." he spoke like a father speaking to a son.

"Yes Sir, whatever you wish, I will obey.  But thank you for not selling me,
Sir."  I said, and meant it.

He gave a big laugh and said:

"I really like you Harold.   I really do."

He then turned his attention to other matters and soon he and Pat were talking
business again.   I got to finish the rest of my breakfast in peace, and thought 
about the things he had just said.

The boy came back out carrying the coffee pot.   He was very careful not spill
even a single drop as he refilled all the cups.  It was hard to believe that
this was the same boy Charlie had just been talking about.   He was scared out
of his wits.   Having been there, I could understand why.

It was Pete that finally broke up the breakfast.

"Are you finished, Harold." he asked.

"Yes Pete." I replied.

"Ok, we better get started, we have a lot to do and not that much time to do
it."  so saying he and Larry stood up.  

I also arose and after thanking Charlie for an excellent breakfast, I followed
them to the special room where they had my three tormentors held.

All three were lying on a table and fully immobilized.   They couldn't even turn
their heads to look at us as we entered.   Considering how long Pete and Larry
had been abusing them, I figured they would be in terrible shape.   But they
actually looked to be in much better shape then the night they hurt me so badly.

"I trust you all had a good nights sleep." Pete said with a big smile.

"It is the last one you will ever have.   Your new Master is not as kind as
Charlie has been."

"You remember Harold, I don't see how you could ever forget him."  Larry
laughed.

"Harold will help us prepare you for shipment to your new Master.   After all it
is only fair that he get to help to send the three assholes that hurt him so
badly when he was completely helpless, to their reward."  Larry sneered.

I looked down at them, but said nothing.  I know I should have felt sorry for
them, but I really didn't.   Ass fucking them had not made up for what they did
to me.   I was going to do whatever Pete and Larry told me to and I think in a
small way I was going to enjoy it.

Pete took me over to the cupboards and pulled out a large plastic bottle, well
it was part bottle and part something else.  I wasn't sure what.    He handed it
to me then pulled out a couple of clear plastic hoses.   They were made of a
very soft, flexible plastic.

"Now this is similar to an enema bottle Harold.  The only difference is it is
used to force feed an unwilling victim.   We are going to force a gallon of
water into each of these assholes, or rather you are.   I will show you how the
thing works and you can just go ahead and do each of them while Larry and I get
some other things done."  Pete said.

First he demonstrated how to fill the bottle, connect the hose and open the
valve to get a good water flow.  We then went over and he unfastened the
restraints that held the ring leaders head immobilized and pulled out the gag. 
The ring leader immediately began to beg.

"Please, Pete don't do this.   Please get Charlie to come here so we can talk.  
Please Pete, don't let this happen." he begged.

Pete just laughed as he grabbed the man by the hair and pulled his head back. 
He pulled it back so far the man's mouth popped open and he couldn't talk
anymore.

Pete then demonstrated the correct method to shove the flexible hose down the
man's throat.  He guy gagged and choked, but that didn't stop Pete.   Once the
hose was down as far as he figured it needed to go he pulled it out and had me
try it.

Just to be fucking cruel, I am sure, he had me put it in and take it out three
more times.   He said it was very important that I learn to do it right.   I
didn't give a fuck for the asshole to whom I was doing this.   He had not shown
me any pity and I damn well was not going to show him any.

That done I went over and filled the bottle with water.   I hooked it to the arm
Pete had attached to the table, connected the hose then pushed it back down the
poor bastards throat.   By now I am sure his throat must have been raw.

I opened the valve and watched as the water began to flow.   Once I was sure it
was flowing good I went back to the cupboard, pulled out another bottle, filled
it and brought it to the second guy.

I had to unfasten his head restraints and he too begged.   But I paid no
attention to him.    I attached the hose to the bottle, grabbed him by the hair
and yanked his head back till his mouth popped open.   All the practice had paid
off.   That hose slipped down this pricks throat just as quick and neat as you
please.   I opened the valve and the water began to flow.

A third bottle was prepared and in no time the water was flowing into the third
guy.   I checked the ring leader and the water was still flowing smoothly.   
Pete had said you have to be careful not to let the water flow in too fast.  The
victim might regurgitate and that would be counter productive.  The idea here
was for him to hold all that water, for a very long time.

Now I saw how that was to be accomplished.  Larry brought over a long, catheter. 
It was about 8 inches long, about a quart inch in diameter at one end tapering
up to almost three quarters of an inch at the other end.

Without ceremony, Larry began pushing the narrow end of the catheter into the
piss slit of the ring leaders cock.   The guy began to cry out in pain,  the
hose jammed down his throat muffling his cries a bit.  Larry didn't pay any
attention, just kept pushing that fucking catheter in until it just wouldn't go
any farther and about and inch was still sticking out.

He took some white surgical tape and began to tape all around the head of the
guys cock.  He wrapped that tape around and around making sure the catheter end
was completely taped in.   There was no way for that catheter to come out until
the tape was removed.  He then taped the ring leaders cock to the side of his
right leg.   That would keep it in place until removed at the other end of the
journey.

"See Harold, the catheter has a valve inside.  Just before we wrap these guy up,
we are going to inject about 8 oz's of piss into each of their bladders.   That
will ensure the bladder is full before shipment.   Charlie wants them to be very
uncomfortable for the journey and so they shall be." Larry explained with a
gleam in his eye.

I saw the look of horror cross the faces of each of my tormentor's as Larry
explained this.    They now knew they were in for an agonizing time, much worse
then they had expected.

I also thought that Larry had explained this to me, in a very loud voice, just
to make sure they knew what was coming.   He got a real kick out of tormenting
his victims.

He started on the second guy, but gave me the third catheter and told me to try
my hand with the last guy.   Although I didn't hate these two as much as I did
the ring leader, I still managed to treat the man with total contempt and no
pity at all.

By this time Pete was back.  He held three large size butt plugs.  He threw one
to Larry then one to me.

I watched and just basically did what they did.  First they unfastened the legs
and feet of the man they were working on.  They ordered him to lift his legs and
spread them wide or they would crush his balls.   Of course the poor bastard
complied.   He already had enough problems, he didn't need aching balls to go
along with it.

Once the guy had his legs up the butt plug was rammed home.  No lube, no special
care, just rammed up hard.   Each of the guy gave a yelp of pain around the hose
still sticking out of their mouths.

They were then permitted to lower their legs.   Pete  took the surgical tape and
taped the ring leaders ankles together, then his knees.  He tossed the tape to
Larry and he did the same with his man.  He tossed the tape to me and I did my
guy.

The water bottles were empty so we each disconnected the bottles and pulled the
hoses out of the throats of our victims.   They each began to cry for mercy.   I
could just imagine how scared they must all be.   Well they should have thought
of that before they fucking well attacked me.

The next job was to remove all the bonds that held each of them to the tables.  
Once that was done we helped them off the table and had them stand straight with
their arms out straight in front and their fingers interlocked.

We now taped their hands and wrists so it was impossible to pull their hands
apart.   They were then instructed to lower their arms and rest the hands
against the abdomen.   Tape was now wrapped all around the waist, taping the
hands close to the abdomen.

They each wore a heavy black collar that was locked on.   The collar had a ring
for connecting chains or a leash or whatever.   Pete went to a wall panel and a
few seconds later chains started to lower from the ceiling, just above the head
of each victim.  My guy was not placed exactly right so Larry came over and
between the two of us we moved him until he was right under the chain.

Once the chain was lowered enough that it could be connected to the collar, Pete
turned off the power.   The chain was attached to each of the victims with a
padlock, then Pete went back to the panel and took up any slack.

The guys were not lifted or anything, but the chain was pulled snug.  They would
not be able to move anywhere, no matter how hard they might try.

"There that should keep you boys for a while."  Pete said with a satisfied
smile.

"We have been working so hard, it is time for us to have a break.   Now don't
you boys go anywhere." he admonished, shaking a finger at them.

"We will only be gone for an hour or so.  Then we will be back to finish the
job." he laughed.

We then left them,  as he was leaving, Pete turned out the lights so they would
be in complete darkness.   Although I did nothing to try and stop it, I did
think we were being excessively cruel.   After all, from what I had heard, these
guys wouldn't survive very long where they were going.

The three of us headed to the bar.  When we entered, hardly anyone looked up. 
What a welcome change.  Normally when I entered they all took immediate notice
and made disparaging remarks and catcalls.   I almost felt human walking towards
Charlie's table.

"Ah the packers return." Charlie said as we approached the table and sat down.

"And how is it going?" he asked.

"Good, Sir." Pete answered.

"The water and catheters are in.  We now have them taped and standing in the
dark.   Their bladders should be full by the time we get back.   We will then
each take a piss and inject it up into their bladders that should ensure they
are uncomfortable for the entire trip."

"Good boys." Charlie said with a big smile.

"And how have you been doing Harold.  You have been helping, right?" he asked
looking at me with those dark eyes.

"Yes Sir.   Pete and Larry are good teachers, Sir.   I have not had any problems
helping them prepare those bastards, Sir." I said, hoping to impress him.

His eyes lit up and a big smile creased his face.

"Now that's what I like to hear.   I knew you would work out eventually.   That
makes me real happy, Harold.   Real happy indeed."

The poor kid was back.   I could see from the redness in his eyes showing
through the eye slits of the hood that he had been doing a lot of crying.   I
also noticed that he had a few welts on his body.   Someone had been using a
belt on him.

"What would everyone like?" Charlie asked.

Pete and Larry ordered coffee and muffins.   I ordered, what else, a coke and
took a chance and asked for an O Henry chocolate bar.  Ok, ok I hear you, but
hell I am still young, I like chocolate bars and had not had one since being
brought here against my will.  So why not?

The kid looked at Charlie, Charlie nodded his head in ascent.   I felt great
inside.

I noticed, while the kid was taking Larry's order that someone had tied a red
ribbon around the poor kids cock and balls.   His dick was now flaccid so I knew
he was not getting any pleasure at all from his treatment.

After taking the orders he scooted quickly back to the kitchen.   With his back
to me I gave a shudder, he had taken quite a beating since serving breakfast.  
I wondered what trivial thing the poor bugger had done to earn that reward.

The kid was very, very careful serving the coffee.   He never spilt a single
drop.   He placed each mug down, then a spoon beside it.   He placed my can of
coke in front of me, then carefully placed an O Henry bar beside it.  In a flash
he disappeared into the kitchen.

"Did you all notice how, Fuckup, has improved his delivery service?" Charlie
said.

Pete answered in the affirmative.

"The little prick spilt more coffee after you had all gone to work.   I can't
have a fucking fuckup like that spilling coffee all over the place, so we tied
him to a table and Richard used his belt to teach the little fucker a lesson. 
Then just for amusement, Richard made the little fucker climb up on a table and
spread his legs wide."  Charlie recounted the events of earlier.

"He then invited everyone in the bar to come along and feel the little bastards
dick and nuts.   It was fucking hilarious,  the kid went beet red.   The moment
the first guy touched his little pecker it shot right up.  I must admit though
that some of the guys were a bit rough.   They had the kid crying in pain when
they squeezed his balls just a bit too much." he laughed and took a sip of his
coffee.

"Then just before he let him get down from the table Richard brought out this
piece of red ribbon from his pocket and tied it around Fuckup's nuts and balls.  
Well this broke up the whole room.   Gawd, you guys should have been here it was
so fucking funny."

Charlie finally dropped the subject of the kid and we were soon into a
discussion about the up coming Gay Pride parade.   He had decided that he was
going to add a third dog to the parade.   The kid.   He was thinking of naming
the kid Twink, so his doggie name would be Twinky.

At the judging stand, Dinky could mount Twinky and Stinky would mount Dinky.  
That should really make a great show for the judges.   Larry gave a big smile
and said:

"That sounds like a lot of fun, Sir.   I can't wait.   But do you think we could
practice a few times.    It is impossible to grip anything with the paws on, so
I really think we need to practice doing it without being able to hold on to the
guy under you.    It won't be too bad for Stinky, but Dinky will have a
problem."

"That's a great idea, Larry.   Not only that it should make for great
entertainment here in the bar.  We can bring the dogs in next week in the
evening for a couple of nights and they can practice for a couple of hours each
night.  I will make sure word gets around, so the place will be packed." 
Charlie said with a big grin.

Oh fuck no.   I thought.   What the fuck is wrong with Larry that he would
suggest such a thing to this mean bastard.   Now not only did we have to
practice, we would have to do it here in the bar, to a packed house.  Shit.

What about the poor kid?   I was going to have to fuck his ass.  Damn, I didn't
want to be any part of anything that hurt him.   Why does Charlie have to
involve others in his cruel schemes?

It was a lucky coffee break for me, though.  Pete and Larry wanted to take a
full hour so the victims would suffer more.   The lad came around with the
coffee pot to refill the cups and I asked Charlie, very politely of course, if
it would be ok for me to have another coke.   I'll be damned he didn't say sure
thing and what about another chocolate bar? 

Well I have to tell you I am not about to argue when things are going my way so
I opted for the second bar as well.   Guess I was trying to make up for all the
stuff I had missed over the past few weeks.

So while Charlie and the guys chatted about whatever, I munched happily away on
my second O'Henry and slurped my second coke.   Some days life can be so good.

Finally break was over and it was time to go back and torment my tormentors some
more.   I think I was beginning to become as depraved as Charlie and his crew, I
was actually looking forward to it as we sauntered down the hall.

The poor buggers were right where we left them, fat chance they were going
anywhere without us.   Pete went right to the cupboard and removed three, large,
clear plastic jugs.   He handed one to me and one to Larry.   At first I didn't
know what I was supposed to do with it, but then when they each whipped out
their dicks I knew.

They had placed themselves right in front of the guy they were working on.  
They both pissed into the jug and when finished held the jug up so the victim
could see how much piss was in the jug.  I followed suit.

Pete then walked over to the counter and returned with a huge syringe.   He
pushed the plunger all the way in, placed the end in his jug of piss and slowly
withdrew the plunger, filling the syringe with his piss.

The syringe was so large it took almost all of Pete's piss from the jug.  Pete
then connected the end of the syringe to the catheter strapped to the ring
leaders leg. 

"Well boy." he said with a smile.

"You think you have to piss now, wait till your bladder gets filled with this."

He then pushed the plunger and his hot piss started to flow up the tube and into
the ring leaders bladder.   It must have been extremely uncomfortable and maybe
even painful.

"Oh shit Pete, stop, please.  Oh man this is in human.  Pete please stop." he
cried out.

Pete didn't pay any attention, just kept the pressure on that plunger until the
entire contents was injected up into the already full bladder.    He then
disconnected the syringe from the catheter and handed it to Larry.

Larry proceeded to do the same thing to his man.   When he was finished he
handed it to me and I did my man.   I must admit when my man started crying and
begging me to stop, I did feel a twinge of gilt.   But I quickly thought back to
that night and what they did to me.   That helped me tune out his pleas.

For the next part of the job we would all have to work together.   Pete
explained that we would now encase each of them in a plastic wrap cocoon.   We
would be using ordinary kitchen wrap, similar to Saran wrap.

They had huge rolls of the stuff.  Pete said it would take more than a thousand
feet of the stuff to wrap each of them.   We started down at the feet, wrapping
the wrap around the legs and pulling it tight.  We went all the way up to the
neck and then back down to the feet, three times.   Pete wanted a minimum of
three layers on each guy.

The victims of course didn't like this at all and kept crying and begging us to
stop.   But we didn't.  Finally all three were tightly bound and Pete called a
halt to the work so we could go for lunch.

"Sorry boys but only the staff get to eat lunch.    We have a special lunch
planned for you, but you don't get it till we come back." he said to the three
victims.

Again we left them standing there.   The chain attached to their collars keeping
them from falling over.    Pete turned out the lights and left them in the dark.

Instead of heading to the bar for lunch, Pete and Larry headed in the opposite
direction.   We went all the way down to the section where my room was, passed
it and turned right at the next corridor.   We went down that a ways and I could
smell all kinds of good smells.   A kitchen or dining room was nearby.

Sure enough a few doors down Pete opened a door and we entered a large dining
room.   There were 20 or more guys, all dressed in the standard slave dress,
sitting in groups at small tables eating.

At one end of the room was a large steam table area and Pete headed there.  We
each picked up a tray and served ourselves from a variety of different
offerings.   Then headed for a vacant table.

I had never realized this dining room was here.   I also had no idea that
Charlie had this many slaves here.

Once we were seated I just couldn't hold my curiosity in check any longer.

"Are these guys all Charlie's slaves?" I asked.

"Yeah, this is a few of them." Larry responded.

"A few!" I exclaimed.

"Oh yes, Charlie has a huge organization here.  He is  the top Master on the
whole North American continent.   There are probably only a few Arabs and a
couple of Japanese that have larger organizations.   Mind you the Arabs are not
really organizations, their slaves are real slaves, only permitted to perform
menial tasks.   At least in the west the slave is treated with a little more
respect and dignity." he explained.

I didn't respond to that at all.   I didn't see any respect and dignity in what
Charlie was doing to me and Harry and now the kid.    But if what Larry said was
true I think I would be much happier as a slave here then in the Middle East.  
I really pitied the kid being sent there.

Lunch was really good and we were able to completely relax.   Without Charlie in
attendance the whole atmosphere was different.  I kind'a hoped I could come here
for meals more often.  I wasn't going to hold my breath hoping though.

I thought I might try wringing a reason why we had come here for lunch, that way
I might have a better idea of what my chances were for a return visit.

"Pete," I asked.  "Is it ok to ask why we came here for lunch?"

"I guess so." he answered.

"Charlie had to go out.  Whenever he does that we usually lower ourselves to eat
here.   You notice how none of the others dares come near the table or say
anything to us?

"Now that you mention it, yes.  It does seem strange." I answered.

"That's because, to them, we are almost on the same level as Charlie.   We have
the authority to order them to do anything as long as it doesn't interfere with
orders given by Charlie.   We know every man here, what his job is and how well
he does it.   If they fail in their duties and are awarded punishment, we are
usually the ones that carry it out." he said in a normal voice, not caring
whether any of the guys in the room could hear him or not.

"One day real soon, I suspect, you will join them, unless of course Charlie
decides you deserve special status, in which case you will remain with us in the
bar or gravitate to one of the senior slave dining rooms."

"So there are different levels of status among the slaves." I stated.

"Yes.   Each slave is given all kinds of opportunities to earn points.   As he
earns points he slowly climbs up the status ladder.  For some reason we have not
been able to figure out yet, Charlie has taken to you and is giving you special
privileges that slaves normally do not get." Larry interjected.

"Other slaves brought in that haven't even been one tenth as obstinate as you
have been are packed off to a brothel or the parts farm long before this.   So
be thankful for whatever it is you got, it has saved your bacon more than once.  
But one word of warning, Harold, Charlie does not have a lot of patience.   If
you are not careful, you just might try it once to often and then you will end
up much like those three guys we are preparing for shipment." he paused and
looked me in the eye as he said this.

"And we really would hate to see that happen to you, Harold.   Your an ok guy." 
Pete finished.

"Thanks guys," I answered.  "I appreciate you honesty.   I will try very hard
not to piss him off again.  I don't think I could handle another visit like the
one to Dieter."

"Well, Harold.  Just be glad that it was to Dieter and not the brothel or parts
farm, they are a thousand times worse.  I know, because I have been to both, on
business for Charlie." Pete said.

I looked him in the eye and could see that he was telling me the truth.  That
sent a real chill up my spine.   I was going to have to be very, very careful.

After lunch we headed back to finish off the job.   Our three victims were right
where we left them.  They started begging us to empty their bladders the moment
we entered the room.  Pete and Larry just laughed at this, otherwise ignoring
them.

Pete went to the cupboard and took out a bowl.   From a lower cupboard he
brought a small yellow box then retrieved a spoon from a drawer.    He poured
some white powder from the box into the bowl, added some water and stirred it
all around.

While he was doing that Larry had brought over some clear flexible tubing.  It
was about a quarter inch in diameter.  I watched as he made some quick
connections with various little connectors and things.   Pete was on his way
back as Larry finished with the hoses.

We went first to the ring leader.  Larry took one of the hose preparations and
connected it to a tank under the table.   He then insert two pieces of the hose
up the nostrils of the ring leader.  The loose hose was looped up over the head
and taped to the forehead to keep it out of the way.

Pete then walked up and started pushing the white paste, he had made, into the
nostrils.  I asked him what it was and he said a form of palstic,  it would
harden in about 15 minutes and would hold the hose in place and make a seal.  He
did this with each of the guys.

Pete sent me over to the counter to pick up the three red sponge balls that were
there.   They were very similar to the one they had used to train me to fetch as
Dinky doggie.   As well he said I would find a little brown pill bottle, I was
to bring that as well.  I brought the balls and the bottle of pills over.  

He told me to place two pills in each guys mouth.   He said to tell them it was
a pain killer that would make things a lot easier.   I did as I was told and
they each swallowed the pills with no problem. 

I was then told to jam a ball into each of their mouths.  It was then I new what
the hoses up the nose and the tanks were for.   They were providing the guys
with oxygen so they could breath.   I would be willing to bet it was extremely
uncomfortable.

Larry had brought something else over as well, it was a fairly large darning
type needle, about four inches long and maybe two or perhaps three sixteenths of
an inch in diameter.   As well he had a ball of heavy white twine.   

He pulled off a long length of the twine and cut it with scissors.  

"Ya really ain't gonna like this asshole." he said to the ring leader.

"I am gonna sew your lips closed so ya can't spit out the ball.    Ya better not
puke or you will choke to death, I really don't care."

With that he threaded one end of the piece of twine into the needle head.  
Grasping the ring leaders lips he began to sew the lips together roughly.   The
man cried and moaned, but he was effectively gagged and very little sound came
out.  It was obvious to me that Larry had not waited long enough for the pain
pills to work.

He did each of them and they all cried and moaned.   It really was taking those
pills a long time to start working, so I asked about it.

"The pills.   Oh sorry, Harold." Pete said loudly.   "We thought you knew. 
Those weren't pain pills, they were a very powerful laxative.  Within the hour
these three are going to need to shit really bad.  The pills were the special
lunch we promised them."  then he began to laugh.

The look of horror on the three pain stricken faces was unbelievable.  They
realized that they were in real trouble now.

Once the lips were all sewn closed Pete said good by to the ring leader and we
began to enclose his head in the kitchen wrap.   We didn't block his eyes, it
didn't matter if he could see or not.   Once his head was tightly coccooned we
moved to the next guy.  

It didn't take long before all three were finished.   The only sound that came
from them was the sound of the air release valve discharging the used oxygen
from their lungs.  It was hard to believe that inside all that plastic wrap were
three live human beings.   They looked like Egyptian mummies.

Pete said we had to wait now for the crates to arrive and then we would be
finished.   In the mean time we cleaned up  and put away all the things we had
used.   We were just finishing that off when the door was opened and three large
wooden crates were wheeled into the room.

The top and sides were quickly removed from each.   Inside was a sponge mattress
about 2 inches think.   Each of my tormentors was carefully lifted and laid out
on a mattress within the crate.  A number of straps were then fastened around
him to keep him immobilized on the bed.

There were two large oxygen bottles at the head end and the hose was detached
from the bottle under the table and quickly attached to the ones in the crate.  
The side of the crate was then put in place and the guys that brought the crate
quickly screwed the side back on.

I hadn't noticed their arrival but a couple of other guys had brought large
bags.  These were opened and the contents, which turned out to be little
Styrofoam pebbles, were poured over the victim filling the crate right to the
top.   The lid was then placed on and screwed into place.  Each of the victims
was now ready for transport.

The guys that had brought the crates rolled them out the door and up the
hallway.   I never saw the victims again.  It was as they were being pushed down
that hallway that my conscience finally kicked it.   I guess I finally realized
that this was not a game, this was for real.   Those poor bastards were going to
suffer a hell of a lot more than I did.  I suddenly wished I had not been a part
of this.

"Do you have any idea where they are going, Pete?" I asked, my curiosity getting
the better of me again.

"Ya, to some small country in Asia.   They hate Americans there with a passion.  
The Master that purchased them, needs some white Caucasians for his twisted,
kinky customers.   Apparently they really get it off beating on Americans.  To
them anyone from North America is American.  But that is none of our concern. 
He purchased them he can do with them what he will."

"We pumped a lot of water into them, then all that piss injected into their
bladders, now we have given them laxatives.   How long is it going to be before
they get relief."  I asked.

"The flight to their new home is a long one, over 12 hours.   Their new Master
is a real bastard, he believes in total and complete control of his slaves.   It
may be a day or so before he even unwraps them and cuts the twine that was used
to  sew their mouths closed.  The first thing they will do is beg to piss and
shit.  He will refuse those requests and will warn them they have to hold it or
he will beat their fucking balls black and blue.  Then he will beat them for
having asked.   They won't be able to hold it and well........." he started
laughing, "their poor fucking balls."

I shuddered at this.   My gawd, what had I done.  Those guys didn't deserve to
be treated like that.  Damn it why was Charlie always so fucking cruel?

Once the boxes were gone we headed for the gym.   The heavy exercise helped me
vanquish my conscience.   We then hit the pool and I just enjoyed the water for
an hour.  After a hot shower I headed for my room.   Pete and Larry said they
would see me in the bar for dinner.

There was still more than an hour before I would be required to show myself in
the bar.  I went to my bed and lay down.  The room really was great, so much
better than what I had had when I was on my own.  Then I sat up with my heart
pounding. 

A desk had been added to the furnishings.   On the desk was a personal computer. 
I got up and went over to it.  There was a small note card on the keyboard.

"You did well today, Harold.   You will find that slaves that behave and do
their jobs get rewards.   Enjoy your new computer, you have internet access and
these are all the codes and passwords you will need to operate everything. 
Signed, Charlie."

In a matter of moments I had it on and was surfing the internet.   Oh it felt so
good to be back out there.   I think of all the things I missed about my old
life, the computer was the one I missed most.

I got so wrapped up in what I was doing I was almost late leaving to go to the
bar.   When I realized the time I jumped up quick and went running down the
hall.

To be continued.
This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 21

Harold Gets Pissed

I was a little out of breath as I entered the bar.   Again hardly anyone noticed
as I entered.   I really liked wearing these leather pants.   They gave me just
a little anonymity.

I went right over to Charlie and waited for his acknowledgement.  He was talking
to Pat and finished what he was saying before turning to look at me.

"Where is Dinky?" he said with a mean look on his face.

My whole world collapsed.  Dinky?  No one had said anything about dinky.  No one
had showed up to prepare me.  What was the old bastard up to now?

"I wasn't told Dinky would be required tonight, Sir.  Nor did anyone show up to
prepare him, Sir." I added quickly.

He turned and looked at Pat.

"What happened?" he asked.

"Sorry, Sir.  We were not informed that you wanted Dinky here tonight." Pat said
with out any trace of fear in his voice.

"Oh, I thought I had made that clear this morning.  Well never mind, we will 
have dinner first then Pete and Larry can go and prepare him.   I want Dinky in
the bar tonight." he said.

"Yes Sir." Pat replied.

I just gave a big sigh of relief.  I thought I was in for more punishment for
something I hadn't done.

"Harold, do you like your new room?" he asked looking up at me.

"Yes, Sir.  Very much Sir, thank you, Sir." I replied quickly.

"Well don't fuck up like this again or you will loose it, understand." he
growled.

Totally confused I did the only thing I could under the circumstances.

"Yes, Sir.  I understand, Sir." 

Well, what the fuck would you do?   Certainly not disagree with the cruel
bastard, that's for sure.  But I sure as hell had to lie to him, I did not
understand.   I was totally confused.    How could I be held responsible for not
doing something that I hadn't be told to do?

"Why the fuck are you still standing there, Harold.   Sit-down, boy, sit-down." 
he commanded.

"Yes Sir, thank you Sir." I stammered sitting down real quick.

Charlie raised his arm and a moment later the kid came rushing over to the
table.   The poor little bugger was still naked, had on the hood, and I assumed
the dirty rag was still taped into his mouth.   That silly red ribbon, tied
around his dick and nuts, looked a little worse for wear, guys had been tugging
at it thats for sure.   His eyes were almost completely red now, I could see
that he was very tired.

Charlie ordered beer for us all.  Well, there goes another meal ruined, I
thought to myself.  As soon as the kid was behind the bar getting the beer,
Harry came limping out from the kitchen and over to the table to get our dinner
orders.   He too was still naked except for that silly black sock thing around
his cock and balls.   It looked positively obscene.

He had two very nice choices for us, hot hip of beef sandwiches or BBQ breast of
chicken , with choice of potato and veg.  The others all went for the beef, so I
decided to make it unanimous.

The kid had filled the mugs and was lugging them over on a tray.  I could see
that he was really wiped out.   It was obvious he was not going to last much
longer before collapsing from exhaustion.

He was very careful, placing the beer.  He never spilled a single drop.  After
serving us, he headed back to the kitchen.

"Medical opinion, Sir." Pat said.

"Yes Pat, what is it?"  Charlie answered

"The kid is on the verge of collapse, Sir.  If he does, he could hurt himself
pretty bad.   He is a very valuable property, Sir.  I don't think you want him
physically damaged."  Pat informed Charlie in a no nonsense voice.

"Ok Pat, you know I always take your advice......well sometimes." he said
smiling for the first time since our arrival.

He turned his head and called to Pongo.   Pongo got up off his chair and came
over.   Charlie gave him instructions to go get the kid and take him to the cell
room and lock him in the cell.  Pongo went off to the kitchen and got the kid. 
A few moments later I watched as they left the bar.

"After we eat you can go and take off the  hood and remove the rag from his
mouth, Pete.  Forget the punishment I ordered this morning.  Let the kid sleep. 
Start his sex training in earnest tomorrow.  You might want to work Harold into
the training as well, I think he will be a big help."  Charlie instructed Pete.

"Yes Sir, no problem." Pete replied.

Charlie then turned to me.

"Well I guess we won't be honoured by Dinky's presence tonight.   I had counted
on the kid to help serve, but that is now out of the question.   Guess you will
have to fill in, Harold.   Right after you have eaten go in and give Harry a
hand."

"Yes Sir." I answered happily.  

I really didn't want to be Dinky doggie tonight.  I didn't want to serve these
bastards either, but if I had my rathers......serving was my choice.  As it
turned out, a very bad choice.

Even that horrible bloody beer could not dampen my spirits now.  So I just
sipped at the damn thing while I listened to Charlie nattering away about some
silly thing or other.  I really wasn't paying that close attention.

"Harold." Charlie said in a voice a little louder than necessary.

Of course I jumped, I had been off in outer space some where.

"Yes, Sir." I answered promptly, at least I hoped it had been prompt.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

I really had to think.  What the fuck was I doing?  Nothing.   Well I was
drinking the beer, but if I said that he would surly send me back to Dieter for
being a smart alec.

"I am sorry, Sir, I don't know what I did, Sir."  I was scared and had started
shaking.

"You fucking idiot, you are drinking beer that's what you are doing." he almost
yelled.

"I thought you wanted me to drink it, Sir." I said, bewildered.

"You can't be fucking drinking beer if you are going to work behind the fucking
bar, now push that damned thing aside and go get yourself a coke or something."
he ordered.

"Yes, Sir.  Right away Sir." I said.

As I went behind the bar to get the coke I let out a sigh of relief.   I though
sure he was going to order some kind of punishment.   Fuck sometimes I think the
man is nuts.   He ordered the fucking beer.  He knows I don't like it.  Makes me
drink the damned stuff and then yells at me for doing it.  How was I ever going
to stay out of trouble when I had to deal with such a nut case?

I got my coke and headed back to the table.   Well at least I got myself another
coke.   I sat back down and paid very close attention to what was going on.  I
didn't want to be taken completely unawares again.

The meal was excellent.   Once I had finished I gathered all the empty dishes on
our table and hauled them to the kitchen.   Harry gave me a big smile and
mouthed:

"Glad to have your help, Harold."

I smiled and took the dirty dishes to the sprayer to rinse them before putting
them in the dish washer.  My main job this evening would be to serve behind the
bar until the bartender arrived and then I would just wait on tables.

The bar was filling up.   Harry was busy taking orders at the tables and more
people were arriving.   I had to leave the bar and go and take orders as well. 
Harry went back to the kitchen to start filling the dinner orders.   I told him
I would wait the tables and do the bar until things slowed down.  That left him
free to prepare the meal orders.

I was surprised at how easily I had become a good waiter.   I was kept really
busy, but everyone seemed satisfied.  I had just delivered the last of the
current meal orders when the bartender finally arrived.   I was now free to
provide good service at the tables.

The meal hours had passed and we were not getting anymore orders for food, so
Harry started to clean up the kitchen.  The place was packed tonight and I was
busy running back and forth with drink deliveries and drink orders.

It must have been around 10 o'clock before things finally started to ease up a
bit.  I had just delivered a drink order to a table with that guy that had
reamed my dick with the swizzle stick, Killer, was his name.  All dressed in
black leather, tattoos on his arms, heavy beard sitting on his chest.  

After I had placed all the drinks, I turned away to go back to fill another
order.

"Where you going, boy?"  Killer called out, loud enough for everyone in the bar
to hear.

I stopped dead in my tracks.   My heart began to beat really fast.  Fear
traveled down my spine as I turned around.  This was not a good sign.  
Something was about to happen that I was not going to like, I was postitive of
that.

"To get an order for another table, Sir." I said.

"Well that other table can fucking well wait.   You are serving me at the
moment.  Now get your faggot ass over here." he demanded.

I quickly moved over and stood in front of him.

"Those are real nice fancy pants ya got on boy.  Did Charlie give you permission
to wear them?" he asked.

"Yes Sir.  I had to do a special job today and Master Charlie wanted me to wear
them, Sir."  I answered, I was really scared now.

This guy was just as crazy as Charlie and was capable of pulling just about
anything.

"Well now, I hear you got yourself some pretty tattoo's, is that right?"  he
asked.

"Yes, Sir." I answered.

"Well, why don't you be a real nice boy and stand up on the table here and do a
strip tease for us.   I think  the whole bar would love to see your new tattoo's
wiggled and jiggled."  this was presented as a request, but I knew it was an
order.

With no options, I climbed up onto the table.  One of the guys went over and got
a tune playing on the jukebox and I did the bump and grid on that damned table.

They clapped and whistled and jeered.  I felt like hell.   I hated being centred
out like this, but had to do it.   I removed my vest first and bent over and
pushed out my Eagle pec so he could get a good view.  He clapped and cheered as
did the others.

Next I started to slowly unfasten the waist band that held up the pants.   I
remembered once seeing a guy strip in a gay bar and tried to do the things I
remembered him doing.  I figured if I did a good job he wouldn't hurt me too
badly. 

I hooked my thumbs in the waist band and slowly lowered the waist of the pants a
bit then raised them, lowered and raised them, teasingly.  I was getting great
cheers.  The fuckers loved it.

I pulled down the back end just enough to make Charlie's ownership visible for a
second, then pulled them up.   Then back down.   I just kept doing things like
this until my pants finally ended up around my ankles. 

Some of the guys at the table helped to get them off over my boots.   I was now
dancing with just my black leather pouch and collar.   The guys had all noticed
that my dick was hard and tenting the pouch.  

I put my hands behind my back and unfastened the little clip that kept the pouch
tied around my waist.  It came loose and I slowly removed the pouch to whistles
and screams and hoots.   Now I was completely naked, dancing on the table,  My
hard dick bouncing up and down and side to side.   Long silver threads of
precum, dripping and flying all over from my gyrations.

The music finally stopped and I took a bow and went to get off the table.

"Oh no you don't." Killer said.  "You ain't finished until you cum.   We wanna
see you whack off.   Now get too it."

How fucking depraved can people get.   My face had turned scarlet I am sure.   I
was shaking and just beside myself with embarrassment.   The only part of me
enjoying this whole thing was my fucking traitor cock.   Because of it, I would
now have to wank in public.

With no alternative, I wrapped a hand around my hot, swollen phallus and began
to wank.   I figured the sooner I get this over with the sooner they will leave
me alone.  As soon as I started to wank, everyone started to bang their tables
to the beat of my wank.   It was so fucking embarrassing.

But my cock felt so good in my hand.  I just couldn't help but moan from the
pleasure I was giving myself.  It didn't take long before I was blowing my load
up into the air and out across the floor.   The bar went wild with cheering and
whistles.

"May I get down now Sir." I asked Killer. 

"Ya sure kid, ya can't lick up all that fucking cum standing on the table now
can ya?" he said.

"No Sir." I replied.

I should have fucking known he would make me lick the damned stuff up.   The
fucking floor was filthy too.  Shit.  It had been a good night up till now.

As soon as I was off the table Killer called me.

"Get over here boy." he ordered.

I obeyed and he told me to turn around and put my hands behind my back.   I
obeyed and he used a belt or something to tie my wrists together.

"Ok, boy, now you get down on your knees and go searching for all your fucking
cum shots.   You make sure you lick up each one.   Can't have a faggot bitch
going around shooting cum all over Charlie's floors.   Now get too it." he
ordered turning me about and giving me a slap on the ass.

I got down on my knees and crawled to the first of my shots, bent over and
licked the mess up.   There was dirt or grit in it.   But not a damned thing I
could do about it.   If I didn't clean it up I was sure they would start hurting
me.

It took a while to find all the shots.  A couple had been stepped on.    But I
got them all.   I was holding all the crap in my mouth, I didn't want to be
swallowing any of it.   When I figured I had it all I stood up and went back to
killer.    It was not easy but I managed to hold the dirt in my mouth and speak.

"I have cleaned up the mess, Sir.   May I go back to work, Sir." 

"Get down on your knees in front of me.   Get right up close here." he ordered.

Damn, the bastard was still not satisfied.   I did as I was told and got up
close to him.

"Open your fucking mouth wide." he ordered.

Oh shit, I was in big time trouble.   I tried  swallowing all that crap in one
gulp but couldn't manage it.

"What the fuck have you got in your mouth?" he growled, grabbing my cheeks in
one massive hand.

I made a second quick swallow and got rid of most of the crap.

"My mouth still has grit and stuff, Sir.  It is hard to get it all swallowed,
Sir." I tried bluffing.

"Open up and let me see." he demanded.

I opened up and he stuck one of his big, fucking fingers in my mouth and worked
it all around.    You can not know how degrading it is to have someone do that
to you in a public place until it happens to you.    I felt like a nothing, a
complete fucking nothing.

"Ya, your fucking mouth is full of fucking grit." he said.  "Here take a few
drinks of this to clean it out." he said handing me his beer.

"Sir, Master Charlie has forbidden me to drink beer while working, Sir." I said,
terrified Charlie would kill me if I took a drink.

"When did he forbid you, shit face?" Killer wanted to know.

"Just before I went on duty tonight Sir.   I can not disobey Master Charlie,
Sir.   I am sorry." I said, hoping he would leave me alone.

"Hey, Charlie." he yelled across the bar. 

"The dork here says that you have forbidden him to drink beer while on duty.  
Is the little fucker lying to me?"

"Ya, I did, but it is almost closing time anyway so he can go ahead and drink
some beer.   In fact, why don't we have a wager here.    Let's see how many
beers it takes to get Harold falling down plastered." he yelled back.

"Hey that's a great idea Charlie.   Everyone else game." he yelled out.

Of course the whole fucking bar answered with a resounding yes.

"Ok, Charlie, why don't you get Pat to take the wagers.   I got a hundred bucks
says he will be bombed at 8 beers." Killer yelled out.

"Yer on." Charlie yelled back.

I couldn't believe what they were doing.    They were going to use my body to
play a fucking lotto game.   Falling down fucking drunk, I don't want to get
falling down fucking drunk.   Why can't the bastards just leave me alone.    My
damned mouth is full of grit and tastes like hell.   I got a gut full of shit
off the floor and now they want to fill me with fucking beer, of all things.  
Damn.

I watched as the guys all crowed around Pat to make their bets.   Pete got up
and went to the bar.   The place was pandemonium.     I was still on my knees in
front of this ugly fucking asshole.    I noticed that he had slime or something
in his beard.   It was disgusting.

He reached down and unzipped his fly, pulling out his hard cock.

"While we are waiting for the bets to get made, clean your fucking mouth.   Wrap
it around the faucet while Killer empties his bladder boy." he demanded.

Ah fuck now fucking piss.   Tears filled my eyes as I bent over and took his
dick in my mouth.   I clamped my lips around it, figuring he was going to let
go, make a big fucking mess and then blame me, just so he could enjoy my getting
punished.

I was surprised however when he had complete control.   His fucking piss was hot
and tasted very bitter.   I tried not to worry about the taste, just
concentrated on getting the damned stuff down without puking.

He emptied his bladder and then stuffed his still hard dick back into his pants.  
I had half expected him to make me give him a blow job as well, but he seemed to
be satisfied with just the piss.   I would have rather it been the blowjob.

I sat back up on my knees and adopted the rest position.  A few moments later
Pete appeared with a tray of large glass mugs full of beer.   He placed the tray
on the table, that only a short while before I had been dancing and wanking on.   
He then went away for a moment but soon returned with a chair.

"Ok, Harold get up here and sit in the chair." he ordered.

I got up quick and did as I was told.   I didn't want any trouble if I could
still avoid it.   I sat there and watched as the patrons continued to place
their bets with Pat.

"Ok, Harold here are the rules."  Pete said.

"As this is a major wager, Charlie has instructed me to be the official judge.  
I will hand you a mug of beer, you will chugalug it, I will hand you another and
you will chugalug that as well.   You will keep chugalugging until you fall out
of the chair.   The last full beer you drink before you fall is the one that
counts.  Do you understand?"  he asked.

"Yes Pete.  I understand." I replied.

"Don't worry Harold, Pat, Larry and I will look after you when this is over. 
You will have a bit of a hangover in the morning, but other than that you  will
be ok.  Just hang in, ok?" he said softly so only I could hear him.

"Ya, thanks Pete." I answered.

"Ok, the bets are in.  Let the contest begin."  Charlie yelled out.

Pete handed me a beer and I started drinking.   If you have never chugalugged,
it is not an easy thing to do.   I did the best I could,  got the first one down
and started on the second.

By the fourth I was getting full and I was starting to feel the effects of the
first three.  My lower lip had begun to tremble and I had a bit of a funny
feeling in my head.

By the sixth, both my upper and lower lips were numb, as were my cheeks.   I had
funny vibrations in my fingers and had trouble moving them around.   My vision
was beginning to blur and I had to fucking pee.

I just could not drink number 7 as fast as I had drunk number 1.   My gut was
full.   I pulled the glass away from my lips.

"Pete, I gotta haba pish." I slurred.  

"Can't drink endy more lesh I pish."  I was having trouble keeping my balance in
the chair. 

My vision was badly blurred and I would swear the room was starting to swirl
around me.

"Well if ya gotta piss then do it right where you are, but keep drinking.   You
are not permitted to stop."  Pete said.

It took a few moments and him repeating that a couple of times before it sunk
into my head what he was saying.

"Okey, dokey." I answered.  "One pish cumin' up........or out." and I began to
giggle.

I felt the hot liquid leaving the end of my dick and looked down to watch the
pretty little fountain.   This only brought on more giggles.   I giggled so much
I almost fell out of the chair.

They didn't have to encourage me to drink now, I just automatically brought the
mug up to my lips and started chugalugging.

Pete handed me another right away and said number 8.   Mmmmmmm I thought, what
is significant about number 8?   I seem to remember something about number
fucking 8, now what could it be.    This was running through my alcohol soaked
brain as I drank down number 8.

Then like a flash it came to me.   Killer had bet that I would fall off the
chair after number 8.   Well the miserable fucker could go to hell.   I wasn't
gonna fall off this fucking chair at 8 and let the prick win.  No way, no how.

I finished number 8 and was now having a real difficult time staying in the
chair.  Number 8 stayed with me.   I had to finish number nine to make sure he
didn't win.  That was all I could think of, get number 9 finished then I could
go to sleep.  Killer could go to fucking hell, for once I was going to beat the
prick.

As Pete pushed number 9 into my now numb fingers, my bladder was screaming to go
again, so I just let it go and giggled.

"For get the giggling, Harold."  I heard Pete say from a long ways away.   "Just
drink."

"Righty'o oh Masterplaster." I giggled and took another long drink. 

At this point I was too far gone to worry about their silly rules.   Number 9
went down, not very fast, I couldn't hold the damned mug steady enough to
chugalug any longer.  So I just took great bing drinks, and giggled in between.  
Before I knew it number 9 was gone and I was working my way through number 10.

I seem to remember that I had started to sing in between gulps of number 10,
however sitting up was becoming almost impossible, my vision was completely
blurred now and the room was starting to spin really fast.   I drank the last of
number 10, Pete grabbed the mug and handed me another.   That mug being pressed
into my hand was my last memory of the night and my memory of waking up in the
morning was a memory I would rather forget.

To be continued.


This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 22

Hangover

I awoke the next morning, in a strange bed, in a strange room.   I had a
blinding headache.    It was so bad it was agony just to open my eyes.   The
room was lit from a small window up near the ceiling, but with my eyes so
sensitive it felt like the sun was shining directly in my eyes.

I rolled over to try and hide my eyes just as my stomach decided to rebel and
without any warning I was spewing all over the place.   I was covered in my own,
really foul smelling vomit.   It was hot and slimy and the smell so bad it made
me start gagging and spewing more.

I tried to get up off the bed to get away from it, but couldn't maintain my
balance and fell to the floor.   As I fell I put my hand out to try and protect
myself, by my balance mechanism was so out of whack I didn't know which way was
up and which was down.    As luck would have it, I shot my arm and hand up
instead of down and I hit the floor with a thud, landing on my opposite
shoulder.

Now as well as a blinding headache and a stomach that wouldn't stop, my fucking
shoulder was on fire.  I guess I must have cried out when I fell, because a door
opened and I heard feet running towards me.

"Easy, Harold, easy." I heard Pete's voice say.

"Take it easy man, your ok.   It is just the  effects of all that beer, last
night.   Come on I'll get you into the shower.   That will make you feel a lot
better." he said, helping me up and then supporting me as he walked me into a
bathroom.

He got me under a shower and turned on the cold water.   I gave a shout of
protest, but he insisted I stay under the cold water.   The water was fucking
freezing.   Soon my whole body felt like it had been in a deep freeze.    I
started to beg him to  turn on the hot water, but he refused.  

The cold water kept pounding down on my throbbing head.    Each little spray
felt like a hammer banging and tapping away to beat the band.   But eventually I
got so damned cold that all I could feel was the bloody cold.

"Come on Pete, let me out please, man I am freezing." I begged.

"How's the head?"  he asked.

"It's eased up and feels much better, but I am really cold, Pete.  Please turn
on the hot water."  I begged again.

I guess he must have felt sorry for me because he finally relented and let me
turn on the hot water.

"Stay under the shower until I return.  It will make you feel better, believe
me.   I am going to get something that will settle your stomach and help ease
the headache.  Pat convinced Charlie that Dinky was not a good idea this
morning, so there is no rush to do anything except feel better." he said.

"Ok, I'll stay right here until you come back." I promised.

Hell I wasn't going anywhere anyway.   I don't think I could have managed it on
my own.    As good as it felt, just standing under the shower was taking all my
concentration and remaining strength.

Pete was only gone for about five or ten minutes.   When he returned he helped
me out of the shower and used a big fluffy towel to dry me down, while I held
onto a wall to keep myself steady.

He then helped me back into the other room and over to the bed.  To my utter
amazement there was not a trace of the mess I had made here only a short while
ago.   It looked like the entire bed had been replaced by a new one.  

Pete had me sit on the edge of the bed, then handed me a glass with a cloudy
looking liquid in it.

"Now Harold, that is the worst, most foul tasting stuff you will ever, and I
mean ever, have to put in your mouth, but within five minutes of it hitting your
stomach, you will feel great.   All the rotten feelings you have will disappear. 
So just put it to your lips and chugalug it.     Don't let it sit in your mouth
or you will be very sorry you did.   The foul taste will be your punishment." 
he said, giving a little giggle.

I felt so rotten I figured I could handle anything that would make me feel
better.  Besides, I didn't think there was anything in this world that would
ever taste as bad as those dirty feet I was forced to clean with my tongue a
week or so ago.

I brought the glass to my lips and started chugalugging.   I didn't have to stop
to get the foul taste.   Those dirty feet were the sweetest nectar on this earth
compared to the foulness that invaded my mouth.   I wanted to spew it out, but
didn't dare.

How could anything that tastes so foul be good for you.    Anyway I wasted no
time drinking the shit.   After that first taste I just made a couple of big
gulps and it was gone.   Well the stuff in the glass was gone, but the taste in
my mouth was still there.

"Oh gawd, Pete, give me something to get this horrible taste out of my mouth." I
said.

"Sorry Harold, you can not have anything for at least fifteen minutes.   We want
that stuff to start working so you will just have to live with the taste for the
moment." he said apologetically.

He had me lay back and said he would return shortly with a simple breakfast that
would help.  It would also get the taste out of my mouth.  

Well, with no option available I lay there trying to think of anything but that
foul taste,  didn't work though.   Isn't it amazing how slowly time will pass by
when you want it to fly.   That fifteen minutes seemed more like two hours.  
The moment Pete walked back in the room I sat up expectantly.   I really wanted
something to get rid of that taste.

There was another young lad following behind him, carrying a tray.   They walked
right over to me.  Pete grabbed a large glass of what looked like orange juice
off the tray and handed it to me right away.

"Drink the orange juice Harold and the taste will go." he said.

I didn't have to be told twice.   The moment the orange juice hit my mouth it
killed the bad taste.   I took my time with the juice, swishing it around and
gargling.   Pete thought it was funny and laughed, after I swallowed the juice I
laughed as well.   It was then I realized that the hangover was gone as well and
I felt great.

"Hey that stuff is a miracle cure." I said.

"Yeah, if it weren't for the fact that it tastes so bad, Charlie could make
millions from it.   A market test was conducted and the testers tried it once
and swore they would rather have the hangover then put that stuff in their
mouths ever again."  he laughed.

"I don't blame them." I replied.

"The lab is still trying to find a way to at least give it a milder taste,
however as soon as they put anything in that makes it taste better, a chemical
reaction takes place that renders the stuff useless.  They have been working on
it for ten years and still have not found a solution."

"Well, maybe there isn't one." I said.  "You know what they say.  If it tastes
good it is no good for you." 

We both laughed at that.  The breakfast consisted of toast, jam, hot oatmeal,
and coffee.   Now that the foul tasting stuff had cured my ills, the breakfast
was welcome and it didn't take me long to get it down.

The young lad that had carried the tray in had left but returned just as I was
finishing the last of the coffee.   He had my cloths with him and laid them out
neatly on the bed next to me.  I put down the empty coffee mug and began getting
dressed, it didn't take long and thankfully I was going to get to wear the
leather pants again today.

"Well now that you are all dressed and are feeling better let's get on with some
relaxation therapy.   How would you like a nice blowjob?" he asked with a smile.

"Would love one, as long as I can reciprocate." I answered eagerly.

"Well maybe,  lets see how well you do getting the blowjob first, then we'll
decide whether you get to reciprocate or not.   Come on." he said heading for
the door.

Oh, oh.   This is not what I thought it was.   I thought he was propositioning
me.   Obviously there was something else up.

We were in the good part of the complex, only a couple of doors down from my own
room.   Pete headed straight back to the run down, dreary section with me hot on
his tail.

Back in the old section he went straight to the cell room.   He opened the door
and went right in, I followed close behind.   The room had not changed at all,
except instead of me, the kid was locked in the cage.

The moment we walked in he jumped off the cot and was down on his knees in the
rest position.   The poor little bugger was sure learning his lessons, that's
for sure.

Oh no, I thought, I don't want to be involved with violating the kid.   Shit
this stuff just wasn't right.   Taking a young kid like this, training him as a
sex slave and then selling him to an Arab was fucking wrong.   Just plain
fucking wrong.

However there was one thing I knew for a certainty.  Nothing was going to stop
Charlie from having the kid trained and then shipping him to the Middle East. 
Now I could either cooperate with Charlie and live relatively pain free life or
I could go against him again and live in agony.

I am sorry to admit that I am a coward, I opted to cooperate.   As much as I
hated the very idea, I would do what I had to do to protect myself from more
agony.  I was sure that whatever was about to happen would end up causing me
more than a few sleepless nights.

"On your feet, Fuckup, but keep your eyes down on the floor."  Pete ordered.

"Yes, Sir." the kid answered back sharply, as he climbed quickly to his feet.

"What is only reason for your existence, Fuckup?" Pete yelled out.

"To serve my Master in anyway that pleases my Master, Sir." he answered back.

"What are you main duties?" Pete yelled again.

"To suck cock and provide pussy service, Sir." he answered.

"Do you like to suck cock?"  Pete yelled.

"Yes Sir.  This slave loves to suck cock, Sir."

Pete went over, unlocked and opened the cage door.  

"Go to the centre of the room and go into the rest position." Pete ordered.

The kid quickly went to the centre of the room and adopted the position.

"Your Master is here, what do you smell slave?" Pete yelled.

"I smell the wonderful aroma of the Master's cock, Sir." he answered.  

"Well sniff your way to the Master's cock, but stay on your knees and keep your
eyes down." Pete ordered.

The poor kid started making his way as quickly as he could towards Pete.   Just
as be began to get close, Pete would move away and the kid would change
direction.   Pete kept this game up for quite a while.

So far he had stayed away from me.   I watched fascinated, but at the same time
hating the way Pete was making the kid grovel.    Suddenly Pete made a bee line
straight for me.   He indicated I was to stand perfectly still as he passed by
me.   He went behind and stood about three feet away. 

The kid would have to practically touch me as he went by to get to Pete.  I
almost jumped back from the surprise when the kid veered, just as he got to me,
and came up and pushed his face into my crotch.

"Don't just stand there like a fucking dork, do your fucking job slave." Pete
yelled.

The kids hands came up real quick unzipped my fly, placed his hand in, pushed
the pouch aside and withdrew my now almost fully erect cock.

He started licking the head right away and his warm little tongue felt
unbelievably good.   I couldn't help but let out a moan of pleasure.

"That's it, faggot bitch, lick that cock.   No more pussy for you bitch, your
now a faggot, you only get to eat cock and asspussy from now on." Pete teased.

The kid by now had the whole head of my dick in his hot mouth and was swirling
his tongue all around.   Whoever had been teaching him to suck cock had done a
pretty good job.

"Did you suck the Master's balls, faggot?" Pete yelled at him.

"Get that fucking faggot mouth around the Master's balls, make sure you lick all
the man sweat off.   Little faggots like you don't have man sweat.   The only
way you get man sweat is to lick it off of a Master." Pete continued to torment
him.

The kid pulled his mouth off my cock and licked all around my balls and then
took each one in a sucked gently, swirling his hot tongue around giving me the
most wonderful sensations.

I was really breathing hard now and was even finding it difficult to just stand
here.   I would enjoy this a whole lot better if I were laying down on the
floor.   But Pete hadn't given me permission to do that, so I just stood as
steady as I could.

The kid now had my cock down his hot, young throat and was furiously face
fucking himself.  I looked down at the oh so innocent looking face.   It was
hard to believe he was 18, he didn't look much more than 15 or 16.

I was willing to bet that right about now he was wishing he had never pissed off
those cops.  He would probably regret that until the day he died.  Well it was
too late now, he had made his bed, he was going to have to lay in it.

He had become really good in a very short period of time.   I felt my balls
lifting and knew I was about to blow my hot load down his young throat.

"Oh yeah." I yelled out.

"Oh yeah, suck that cock, kid.  Suck that cock." and I started to shoot my load.

He never lost a drop and never let go the rhythm until my balls were dry.   He
then did a clean up, placed my nuts and dick carefully back behind the pouch.  
Then zipped up my trousers and went to the rest position.

"Ok Fuckup, you got it right this time." Pete said.

"We will feed you.   Now go back to your cage and lay down of the floor.   You
are not to use the cot again until given permission, now go." Pete ordered.

The kid jumped up and headed back to the cage.   Once inside he lay down on the
floor and curled up in the fetal position.  Pete motioned to me and we left the
room.

"Thanks Harold, that was exactly what I needed for you to do.  I know you don't
like this shit, but we really have no choice.  But the bad things are only just
starting for the poor kid.   His new owner has demanded that he be castrated
before shipment.   We will be sending him to Dieter tomorrow.   He has much
better medical facilities then we do. 

The castration has to be performed according to ancient customs.   A mullah or
holy man or whatever they call them will perform the castration." he said,
shaking his head.

"The kids nuts have to be dried and are then sealed in a little earthenware jar
that he will wear around his neck for the rest of his life." 

Was that a tear in Pete's eye?   I couldn't believe it.  He got such a kick out
of hurting people I would have thought he would really enjoy this.

"I wish Charlie hadn't sold the kid to those bastards, I have taken a real
liking to him.  Well nothing I can do about it, I am only a slave myself." he
said sadly.

I just stood there stunned for a few moments.   A whole lot of serious shit had
just happened and I was trying to sort it all out in my mind.

"Go to the bar Harold, coffee time." he said.

"I have to go back in and feed the kid.   He gets the same thing you used to
get.  Dried kibble and water." he said as he turned and reentered the room.

I just stood there for a few moments lost in thought.  The poor little bugger,
first he looses his freedom, then he gets sold to an Arab, now they want to take
his balls.    Shit there is no justice in this world.

Finally I headed for the bar.  For the first time, Charlie wasn't there.   I was
almost in shock, this had never happened before.   The whole place seemed empty
without Charlie.

The table was empty.  I walked over, unsure whether I should sit down or just
stand there and wait for Pete.  The question was answered for me as Harry came
out carrying a mug of coffee.  

"Thanks Harry." I said.  "Where is everyone?"

There was no sign of Pat and Larry and only a few of the regulars  spread around
at the tables where they normally sat.

"Don't know Harold, just happy they is away.  Ain't no pain when they ain't
here." he said.

"Ya, I know what ya mean." I answered.

He turned and headed back to the kitchen.  I sipped at my coffee and thought
about the poor kid.  Well he really wasn't a kid, he was almost as old as I, but
he looked so damned young.

It wasn't long before Pete showed up.   He came in a sat down.   Harry brought
him a coffee almost before he was seated.

"Thanks Harry." he said.

That was the first time I had ever heard Pete thank Harry or even be civil to
him.   Things sure were different when Charlie wasn't around.  We talked about
the kids training and  about what still had to be done.   The castration was
going to put a big delay on things.   It may be a month or more before the kid
would be ready for shipping.

I was about halfway through my coffee when the outside door opened and Charlie,
Pat and Larry walked in and over to the table.

"Coffee, Harry."  Charlie called out as he sat down.

"What a fucking morning." he said.

"Good morning Harold, how are you feeling?" he asked sympathetically.

"Much better now, Sir." I answered.

"Well ya did me right proud last night Harold,  I won the whole fucking pot, $1,
650.00.   I chose nine.   Would you believe most of these assholes thought you
were a wimp, other than Killer with 8, not another one of them had the balls to
bet hirer than 5.   I just about killed myself laughing while I watched Pat
taking the bets.   But you surprised even me, you got 12 down before you
crashed, but I don't think you were with us while you drank them." he laughed.

"In any case Harold, you did me proud again.  Half of that money has been
deposited in your retirement account." Charlie said with a big smile.

"Thank you, Sir." I managed. 

Half, you should have given me the whole fucking thing, prick, I thought to
myself.   After all I am the one that had to suffer for it.   Oh well, I guess I
should be happy he gave me any.   I couldn't believe it, I drank a dozen mugs of
that rotten beer, no wonder I was sick this morning.   Hell it is surprising
anyone can handle more than one of the damned things.

"How did it go with the kid, Pete?" Charlie asked, turning from me.

"He passed the test this morning with flying colours, Sir.   Harold did a good
job as well.   He didn't much like the idea  of getting it on with the kid, but
he obeyed my instructions completely, Sir."  Pete answered.

"Good boy, Harold.   I knew you would work out." Charlie said, patting my on the
shoulder.

"Ah....Sir.... may I say something Sir?" Pete asked.

"It's about the kid, isn't it?" Charlie stated.

"Yes, Sir, it is." Pete replied.

"Ok Pete, I can see you really have to get this off your chest.   Let it go
boy."  Charlie said in that fatherly tone he used sometimes.

"Sir, I think it is wrong to have that boy castrated.   I don't give a damn what
the Arabs do with their own, but I think it is wrong to let them castrate a
Canadian Boy.   He is a good boy, Sir.   He is a fast learner and is doing
great.   I think you could have done much better for him then the fucking Arabs,
Sir." Pete said vehemently.

"How do the rest of you feel?" Charlie asked.

"I agree with Pete." Larry said. 

"No matter how you cut it, it is wrong to cut off a young boys balls.   We may
have taken a straight boy and made him into a bitch, but he is still all male. 
You go cutting off his balls and you take away his masculinity, and I don't
think any Master should have that right, Sir."

Charlie said nothing, but now turned to Pat.

"I am afraid I agree with both Pete and Larry, Sir." Pat said.

"I think it is wrong to castrate  the boy just for a whim.   If he had done
something seriously wrong that called for that type of punishment, then I could
go along with it.   But in this case, no.  It is wrong."  

 Charlie then turned to me.   I was totally dumfounded.   He was asking me for
my opinion.   Me a nobody, that couldn't even sit at this table without his
permission.

I guess I hesitated too long because he spoke:

"Well Harold, you heard what my three most trusted people think, what is your
opinion?"  Charlie asked calmly.

"Ah, well Sir, I too think it is very wrong to do such a thing to a young boy.  
Amputating any part of his body goes way beyond the limits of civility.  You
making a man a slave against his will is one thing, but when you start cutting
up his body to suit your own purposes, you loose the right to call yourself
human."  I surprised myself by saying even that much.

Charlie sat back in his chair and didn't say anything for a while.   He would
lift his coffee cup and take a few sips.   It was plain he was wrestling with a
problem.  The rest of us just sat quietly and sipped our coffee as well, waiting
for  Charlie's reaction to our unanimity.  Eventually it came.

"I think you are very right, Harold." he said.

"But Harold, we do it already.   That is what happens at the parts farm.   We
kidnap healthy young men and ship them there.   Parts are taken as needed to
fill a trade in human body parts.   You are right, we, myself and the other
Master's involved in this trade are lower than animals, we have lost the right
to call ourselves human.    But Harold, that's the way it is boy, so get used to
it." he said, looking me in the eye.

He then turned to the other three.

"You heard what I just told Harold.   We have been doing this for years and all
three of you have been involved in preparing those bodies for shipment to the
farm.   I am now wondering,  what is so special about this boy that you are all
fired up worried about him getting his balls snapped off?"  Charlie said,
softly.

"There is more here than meets the eye, boys, so 'fess up, what is going on?"

"The cops lied to you Charlie.  This kid never did any of the fucking things
they said he did.   One of them was pissed off because they rousted him and a
couple of other kids that they thought were up to no good.  They quickly found
out that the kids hadn't been doing anything wrong, but decided to give them a
hard time anyway."  Pete said.

"They forced two of the kids to suck cock and take it up the ass."  Larry
continued.  

"This kid refused and fought them the whole way.   As I said, the cops got
pissed off and decided that if he would not cooperate they were going to fix it
so his whole life would be fucked from now on.    That is what they told him
Charlie, that they would pay him back for not cooperating, then brought him to
you.  They fucking lied to you Charlie.   They are supposed to be your friends
and they lied to you.  If they want to fuck kids, that's fine, but they have no
damned right to come here and lie to you."  

"You know Charlie that we can get the truth out of anyone." Pete said.   "It
didn't take much to get him telling us what really happened.   Pat went out and
talked to the other two boys involved and they back up the kids story.  I don't
think we should send him to the fucking Arab.  He is smart, he learns fast, and
would make a good slave to a good Master.  I know we can not let him go home,
but I think you should chuck the deal with that fucking Arab.  This kid did not
do the things the cops said.   He deserves a better deal"

Charlie sat back again.  He sipped his coffee in silence.  I could almost hear
the wheels clicking in his head.

"The cops lied to me, huh?" he said absently.

"Yes, Sir." Pat answered.

"Mother fuckers." he said vehemently, the fire was in his eyes.

He went back to silence for a bit longer.  He sucked back the last of the coffee
from his mug.

"Harry." he yelled.  "More coffee."

He looked at all four of us in succession.  But still said nothing.   Harry came
over with the pot and refilled everyone's mugs.  As Harry headed back to the
kitchen, Charlie's face suddenly lit up and he seemed to relax.

"Pat, call Dieter.  I want officer Wajoski and Franks picked up.  They go to the
parts farm but first they get three weeks of intensive punishment.  They are
also to be fully informed of what is going to be done to them and why.   Let the
word out onto the street that they lied to me and have now been punished.   That
is all that will be needed to scare shit out of the entire force.   They are
already scared shitless of me anyway.   But they better get the fucking message
they don't fool with us."

He then turned to me.

"Harold, you don't want the kid to loose his nuts, right?" he said.

"That is correct, Sir." I answered.

"Ok, here's the deal.   I will cancel the contract with the Arab as of right
this moment, however it all depends on you.  Are you willing to do anything to
save the kids nuts?  I mean anything at all?"  he asked me in that fatherly
voice.

He had me by the nuts now and knew it.  The key words here were, "anything at
all."   Was I willing to do anything at all.   Shit I couldn't go through
anymore pain, I just couldn't.   Oh Charlie please don't put this back on my
shoulders.

"Sir,  I like the kid and I would like to help him, but Sir I just can not
handle any more severe physical pain.   I just can't."  tears had started to
flow down my cheeks, I was feeling so fucking selfish.

"Sir, I would be willing to do anything as long as it doesn't involve severe
physical pain.   I know it sounds selfish but I can not help myself, Sir."  
tears were really flowing now.

"Stop your crying and relax.   You are much too sensitive, Harold.   What I will
ask of you does not involve even mild physical pain to your body.   I know you
have suffered recently, but you deserved it and needed it.  Now I am going to
restate the question, Harold, would you be willing to do anything, that does not
involve physical pain to your body, to save the kid's nuts?"

I thought for only a moment and then answered:

"Yes Sir, I will, Sir."

"Ok, Harold.   The Arabs contract is cancelled.  You take over the kid's
training effective this very moment."  he said with a little smile.

I was completely taken aback.  Take over the kid's training.   Fuck I couldn't
hurt the kid.   What the fuck have I done.

Charlie must have seen the effect the shock had on me.   His smile just got much
bigger.   He lifted his cup took a sip and had that self satisfied look, the
look of a man that has just pulled off the big one.

I swallowed hard and said the only thing I could, I didn't want that poor kid to
loose his nuts.

"Yes, Sir."

"Pete and Larry will help you of course, I know you have no training in this
area.   They will help, but the training is your sole responsibility.   To make
it easier for you and to enusre your authority with the kid as his Master, Pete
and Larry will remove my marks from your ass and pubs.   I like the Eagle, so it
stays.  In fact I am going to have everyone of my slaves marked with the eagle,
so you won't be centred, it will be normal."

"Yes, Sir.  Thank you, Sir." I answered.

"I will brief you every morning before breakfast on exactly what you will do
with the kid each day.   Every evening before dinner you will brief me on his
progress." he instructed.

"Yes Sir." I answered.

"There is something else.   We have that parade coming up.   I want the dogs
there just as I mentioned the other day.  You are going to have to start
training the kid on being a dog right away.   Remember will be have a couple of
practices in the evenings this week so get at it right away."

"Yes Sir." I answered.

"You will not be required to do the four hours a day of doggie duty until
further notice.  If you fail to carry out your duties and train this boy as
instructed, I will personally cut his fucking nuts off with a pair of scissors,
stuff them in your mouth and make you eat them, is that clear?"  he said,
looking deep into my eyes.

"Yes, Sir.  Very clear, Sir."  I answered a bit shaken.

"Good.  Now does that make you all happy?" he asked looking around the table.

Everyone had a big smile and they all thanked him.  It was easy for them, they
weren't going to have to do something they absolutely did not want to do.

As I continued to drink my coffee, I only half listened to the conversation
going on at the table.  I was thinking of the kid.  Would he ever understand, or
know that what I was doing to him was to save his nuts?   Probably not, the kid
would probably hate me for the rest of his life.

The other thing I was thinking about was Charlie's Marks.   They had told me
they could never be removed, but Pete and Larry were going to remove them.  
When if ever do they tell the truth around here?

Once we were finished coffee Pete and Larry led the way to the punishment room.  
They had me strip and lay down on the table.   Pete wheeled the cart with the
laser over while Larry got the other stuff they needed.

My asscheeks and pubs had been shaved yesterday  so I was hairless.   Larry
wiped me down with the disinfectant.  Pete put the same type of pad that had
been used to burn the SLAVE word on over my pubic area.   He pushed the button
and the whirring sound filled the room.

When the whirring stopped Pete removed the pad.  I looked down and the SLAVE
word was gone.   I felt real happy about that.

I then rolled over and the antiseptic was applied to my rear end.   The pad
placed, the whirring and it was all over.  I got up and got dressed.

"There ya go Harold, make you feel better?" Pete asked with a smile.

"Oh yeah, Pete.   I really hated those.  I like the Eagle and I think I am glad
Charlie left it there.  He said he was going to have all the slaves done, did he
mean you, Larry and Pat as well?"  I asked.

"Possibly." Pete answered.

"However, I think he may ask us if we want it done first.   If he asks me I will
say yes.   I like that eagle too." he answered.

"Just wondered." I said.

"Well, Harold.  Your slave is lying on a cold floor, naked.   He is probably
scared to death about now.   I think maybe you should get the days training
started." Pete said.

Train my slave!!!! 

Oh how I hated the sound of those words.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 23

Master Harold

"What am I supposed to do, Pete?   I don't know anything about this stuff." I
complained.

"Well you will learn pretty damned quick, Harold.  Unless you want to have to
eat the kids nuts.   Charlie doesn't joke about things like this.   The kid only
keeps his nuts if you train him."  Pete answered.

"I don't know what to do, isn't someone going to brief me?   I am sure that's
what Master Charlie said." I replied.

"Well usually you just use your imagination." Larry piped in.

"The goal is to make him totally subservient.  To place the will of his Master
above his own." Pete added. 

"Force him to perform all manner of embarrassing acts,  wherever possible in
front of other people." Larry continued.  

"You must kill his pride, make him feel useless, weird, depraved.   Berate him
at every opportunity.   Place him in situations where he can not win, then raze
the hell out of him for being such a looser.   For example, make him drink a lot
of liquid then not let him have a piss.   When he pisses himself, which he will
if you wait long enough, call him filthy names, run him down about it
unmercifully.   You can use this against him for days.    You can also give his
self-esteem a good kick in the ass by making him lick up and drink his own piss
off the floor.   Sound familiar?"

Oh yes this was all sounding very familiar.    All the things they had done to
me, things that I had fought, things that I hated.   They wanted me to now do
that to the kid.   Shit.

"You also pass sentence on him, Harold."  Pete instructed.  "  You become Lord
High Judge, Jury and executioner, by handing down punishment for even the
slightest mistake he might make, then administer the punishment.   You punish
him even when he hasn't made a mistake or done anything wrong.  Get him confused
and keep him that way.   Eventually, all slaves will either break or capitulate,
he is then yours."

"So that is all there is to it, Harold.  Smack the kid a round a bit and fuck
with his head.  Larry and I have already been working on him and he has
capitulated, all you really have to do is reinforce what we have already done."

"Why not start by making him shave off all his body hair?" Pete offered.   "He
has probably only had it for a couple of years and is proud of it.    Take it
away from him, make him shave it off."  

"If you like and just for the fuck of it, make him use a dull razor."  Larry
said.  

"We keep a bunch for occasions such as this.    It really is fucking funny
watching someone trying to shave off pub hair with a dull razor."

I stood there in silence, listening to the two of them go on.   It sounded so
damned cruel.   But I had to do it, I would follow their advice, as much as I
hated it, I did not want the kid to loose his nuts.    Even more, I did not want
to have to eat the damned things either.

"Ok, but I am really going to need your help with this.   This is worse than a
punishment, I didn't do anything wrong did I?" I asked.

"You are not being punished Harold." Pete replied.

"Charlie is trying to help you."

"Help me?   But how in the name of heaven can torturing the kid help me?"

"By making you strong, Harold." Pete answered.  

"You are going to have to spend the rest of your life as a slave, at least until
you reach retirement age.   Charlie thinks that you deserve to be more than just
a menial slave doing menial tasks or being just a fuck slave.   Everything that
has happened to you so far is to build you up, to steel you against pain and
humiliation.   He is now giving you a chance to learn how to control your
natural empathy for others."

"Quite frankly Harold,"  Larry added.  "We, Pat, Pete and I, think Charlie has
great plans for you.   He sees something in you that we don't.   He is
developing you for something.   He has never, ever permitted a new slave to sit
at our table before.  He has never given a new slave a room like the one you are
occupying right now.  He has never let a new slave wander free around the
complex, like he has been letting you do.   He has never allowed a new slave to
go anywhere near another new slave.   He has never sent a new slave to Dieter, 
for any reason.   We are quite capable of dealing with recalcitrant slaves.  
Everything he has done is different and it has been done for a reason known only
to him.  So stop the fucking whining and learn."

I stood there a bit shocked I think.  

"So, what are you going to do?" Pete asked.

"Well, I guess we had better go and make the kid shave himself." I said in a
quiet voice, almost one of shame.

"Right on." Larry said with a smile.  "dull or sharp razor?"

"Oh what the fuck, dull." I replied with a  bit of a sheepish grin.

"There, that's why Charlie wants you, you are one hell of a fast learner."  Pete
said with a laugh, placing a hand on my shoulder as he opened the door.

As we headed back to the cell room, Larry gave me a key to the cell.   Pete
opened the door and I entered first.  The kid jumped to the rest position as
soon as he heard us entering.   I walked straight to the cell and unlocked the
door.

"I am your new trainer, Fuckface.  My name is Sir." I stated loudly.

"Go to the shitter and take up the rest position out side the shower and wait
for me." I ordered.

"Yes, Sir." he answered and then stood and headed for the bathroom.

Pete walked up beside me as the kid disappeared through the bathroom door and
whispered in my ear:

"That's was exactly the right thing to do, Harold.   He now knows that you are
the boss.  Did you see how quickly he responded to your command?"

"Yes." I answered quietly.

"He will always respond like that as long as you continue to be the Master.  You
must never let him see any other side of you." Pete continued.

While this exchange had been taking place, Larry had been busy at the cupboard. 
He walked over with a few safety razors and a mug with shaving cream and brush.

"Now Harold," he said very quietly so the kid would not hear. 

"This one had a new blade in it, put in your left pocket so you don't mix it
with these used ones.   You will need the sharp one later."  

He then handed me two more and told me to keep them in the right pocket.  He
held up one more and handed it to me.

"The blade in this razor is dull, but just to make sure bend down and pull it
across the floor a couple of times.  Not too hard, you want it to still be able
to shave, but you also want it to pull a bit."

I really didn't like that, but I had to go through with it.   From what they had
told me back in the punishment room, if I didn't do these things I would be only
causing the kid more pain down the road.  So I bent down and pulled both sides
of the razor across the floor lightly twice each side.

As I entered the bathroom I saw the kid kneeling in the rest position, he was
shivering.  The poor little bugger was cold, but I couldn't let that deter me.

"How do you like your showers, Fuckface, hot or cold." I asked in a voice louder
than necessary.

"Warm, Sir." he answered.

The kid was no fool, he had learned his lessons well so far.   But he hadn't
learned them all so I decided to show him that he had screwed up.

"You fucking ape." I screamed.

I watched the fear appear in his dark brown eyes and his shaking increase.  But
I wasn't going to let that deter me.

"Are you so fucking dim witted that you don't know the difference between Hot
and Cold?"  I bellowed.

"No Sir, I know the difference, Sir."  he answered.

"Then where the fuck did you get warm from?   I didn't make that an option, did
I?"

"No Sir.  I am sorry Sir, I wasn't trying to be smart, Sir.  I thought you
wanted to know how I normally took my showers, Sir."  he stammered.

"Well you fucking useless piece of shit you have no right to think.  In fact you
can't think, how could anyone with a fucking brain as small as yours think that
they can think?"  I yelled.

I had now faced him with a question that  didn't give him much option but to
admit that he had a small brain and that he couldn't think.  A bit of chipping
away at  his self-esteem and of course he gave the right answer.

"I.....don't....ah....know.... Sir."

"Fucking right you don't know, a man with a decent sized brain would have been
able to answer that question properly." I yelled.

"Now shall we try again, which do you prefer when showering, Hot or Cold water?" 
I asked, lowering my voice just a tad this time.

"Hot, Sir." he answered.

I guess the poor kid was so cold he wanted to warm up real bad.  Well I was
about to teach him another of Charlie's lessons.

"Get up, get in the shower and turn on only the cold water and get yourself
cleaned up." I ordered.

I saw the disappointed look on his face as he got to his feet real quick and
into the shower.  He turned on the cold water and shrank back with a gasp as the
icy jets hit his shivering body. 

I made him stay under the cold water and soap himself up, then rinse it all off. 
Once that was completed I decided he had suffered enough and let him turn up the
hot water until it was comfortable for him.   I told him to stay under the
shower until I returned.

I went back to the cell room and Pete and Larry followed.

"Oh gawd, I feel like the meanest bastard that ever lived." I said quietly.

"Maybe but you did a great job, Harold.  You have learned well from us.  See we
didn't have to say a thing to you, you just naturally did the right things."
Pete said.

"Ya, Charlie would have been really happy, in fact will be when we make our
report.   Fuck you did just great."  Larry added.

"I had to let him have that hot water, the poor little bastard was almost
frozen."  I said.

"You are supposed to do that Harold." Pete said.   "It is his reward for obeying
your orders to shower under the cold water.   He was freezing, he wanted warmth
more than anything else in the world, but he never once disobeyed you.  You have
to reward him for that.  It is a little like Pavlov's theory, with reward and
punishment you can teach a dog to do almost anything."

"Ok, thanks Pete." I said.  "I guess we had better go get the rest of this over
with."

"Yes, but why don't you.........." and Pete gave me some instructions.

We headed back into the other room.  I retrieved the shaving mug and razor from
the little shelf over the sink where I had left them on my way out of the room.

"Ok, Fuckface, turn off the water, your clean enough." I commanded as I drew
close to the shower.

"Get yourself out here so I can have a look."

He turned off the water and scrambled out real quick.  He stood there, water
dripping from his hair and down his young body.   He was not really a well built
boy.  He was about 5' 8, and rather skinny.  Probably from not enough or the
right kinds of food.

I imagined if we were to get him into the gym on a regular basis it wouldn't
take long to build him up.  I could see he was feeling very awkward having me
inspect his body like this.  I felt sorry for him but I had to remain firm to
protect the both of us.

I took a look at his nuts, placing my hand under them, lifting and feeling the
weight of them.   They were firm and strong.   They were not low hangers but
rather rode high up close to his crotch.   They were about normal size I guess,
of course I hadn't seen all that many, but compared to mine they were about the
same.

My fondling his nuts soon had him rising.  He was uncut and I had noticed
earlier that it was about 4 maybe 5 inches when flaccid.   As it got harder and
harder I could see the kid had a healthy 6.5 to 7 inches of man meat.  I
wondered if he had ever used it?

"Do I turn you on, asshole?" I growled in his face.

"Yes Sir." he answered.

"Did I give you permission to get hard, asshole?"

"No Sir." he answered, fear in his voice. 

"You know that a slave is not permitted to anything without permission, is that
not right?" I demanded.

"Yes Sir."  he was so scared now he had begun to shake.

"Right, that will be 5 whacks on the ass with the leather belt.   Remind me
before I go for lunch and I will deliver them at that time."  I said with almost
no  emotion in my voice at all.

"Yes Sir." he answered, tears forming in his eyes.

I may have scared him and he may not like the idea of getting that punishment,
but his cock was still hard in my manipulating hand.

"How big is your cock, boy?" I sudden sprung on him.

"My cock!"  he exclaimed in surprise.

"Ah... I don't know, Sir." he answered with some embarrassment  showing on his
smooth young face.

"You don't know!  Do you fucking well know why, you don't fucking know? I
yelled.

The poor kid went white with fear and then turned pink with shame before
answering.

"No Sir." he said with big tears starting to role down his sweet cheeks.

At that moment I wanted to grab him and lick the tears from his cheeks and just
hold him and love him.  But I couldn't, we both had too much too loose.

"Well I will tell you why you stupid little prick, you've got too fucking much
hair to be able to tell how long your little cock is." I bellowed.

"Now I want to know how long your dick is, the fucking hair is in the way, what
do you think you should do about it?" I asked in a much calmer tone.

The poor kid was totally confused by this.  He was so scared his mind just could
not comprehend what I was getting at, which was exactly the effect I was trying
to achieve.

"Well answer me asshole, unless you would like me to increase your punishment
with 5 more lashes."

"I am sorry Sir, but I don't know what to do." he answered feebly.

"Mmmmm.   Well let us try this and see if we can get that mush you call a brain
working.   Now if you had a table full of junk and you needed the top of that
table to do something else, what would you do?

"I would clean off the table to make room, Sir." he answered almost phrasing it
as a question.

I clapped my hands and then patted him on the back lightly.

"Way to go, give the asshole a booby prize, he figured it out." I sneered.

"Ok, you figured that out, now let's see if you can figure out the original
problem.  You can not find out how long your cock is because the hair is in the
way.  What do you have to do?"

"Remove the hair?"  this time he did ask it as a question.

"Are you asking me or telling me?" I responded.

"Sorry, Sir, I do not understand." he said in a confused voice.

I heard a slight giggle behind me.   This fucking shit was hard enough without
Pete and Larry making it harder.  I turned and glowered at them.   I saw the
smile leave Larry's face instantly.  I turned back to the kid, feeling good
inside that Larry was the one that was embarrassed for a change.

"Boy, I just don't understand how you have managed to live so long, being so
fucking stupid." I said with disgust in my voice.

Then I bellowed:

"The fucking hair is in the way, what are you going to do with it?"

He finally got the message and gave the correct answer.

"Remove it, Sir."

"Finally.   I was beginning to think you were so fucking dense you would never
figure it out."

I handed him the shaving mug and then the razor.

"Get it all off.  Around your nuts, your ass, your whole fucking body from your
neck down.  You may use the sink over there." I ordered, pointing to the sink.

I could see the disappointment in his face.  He was proud of his hair and now
was going to have to remove it.  Tears were still falling down his cheeks as he
took the mug and razor and headed for the sink.

I went and stood beside Pete and Larry.  Larry gave me a wink and a smile, Pete
just gave a smile.  I felt good that they were pleased, it meant a good report
to Charlie.  However, I felt bad about making the kid do this and with a dulled
razor to boot.   He was going to nick and scratch himself in his most sensitive
areas.

Pete touched my hand and I looked down.  He was trying to pass me something.   I
opened my hand and took it.  I brought it up and saw that it was a blood stop
and antiseptic stick.   The kid was going to need it to stop the bleeding.

The kid started to brush the shaving cream up around his neck.   He was very
awkward about it so I knew he had never used a shaving brush before.  I wondered
if he had ever shaved.

"What are you doing, Fuckface?" I asked in a voice that gave the impression of
annoyance.

"Putting on the soap, Sir." he answered.

"I want you to shave around your dick and balls first.  You can do everything
else afterwards." I stated.

"Yes Sir." he answered. 

He then started soaping up his pubic area.  I watched carefully, because I had
never done this either.   In fact now that I thought about it, I am surprised
Charlie hadn't made me do it.   I suppose it was still a possibility.

After he had got his pubs well soaped he picked up the razor and drew it into
the soap.

"Iiieeee." he cried out.

"What the fucks the matter?" I asked.

"The razor is pulling the hair instead of cutting it, Sir." he answered.

"That's because you are so fucking stupid you don't even know how to fucking
shave." I sneered.

"Now quit with the fucking around and get the job done."

He went back to it and kept giving out the little yelps, every time he nicked
himself.   I was watching close and could see a dozen or more little rivulets of
blood from all the nicks.   It had to be a pretty painful ordeal.   He never
complained or stopped, just gave those little yelps every once in a while.

It was taking a long time.   The razor was very dull and just was not cutting
the hair very well.   Even the kid must realize the we had given him a dull
razor.   That didn't deter him,  he was so scared of us he wasn't going to let a
little hair pulling and a few nicks stop him.

Finally Pete leaned over  and whispered in my hear.

I nodded ok.

"Fuckface, what is taking you so fucking long.   You don't have that fucking
much hair." I shouted.

"The razor just isn't shaving, Sir.  I think the blade is much too dull for
this."  he answered.

"You fucking think!!!!!   No you don't fucking think.  You don't know how to
think.   The fucking blade is not too fucking dull you are to fucking dull to
know how to even shave yourself."  I bellowed back.

I went over to him.

"Give me that razor and let me have a look." I ordered.

He handed it to me.

"Lather yourself back up and let a man show you how it is done."

He started to lather up his now pink pubs.   There were quite a few little nicks
and they were all running little rivulets of blood.

As soon as he looked down to start lathering, I slipped the dull razor into my
pocket and switched it for the one with the brand new blade.

He soon had his pubs and balls all lathered up again.  I lifted his nuts and
pulled them tight and lightly ran the razor over them.

"Is that pulling or scraping or nicking you, asshole." I asked with a sneer.

"No, Sir." he replied, bewildered.

"No, because a man knows how to shave, not like some snot nosed kid that can't
even figure how to draw a razor across his fucking skin."

I worked quickly getting his nuts and all around them shaved clean.   Then I
went up and did half of his pubic area, going over the area he had already tried
to do.

"There, see it works with no problem.  Now soap everything back up and you can
try again." I said.

As soon as he started to soap up I placed the good razor back into the pocket
where the dull one was.   However that dull razor was just too dull to give back
to him.  Instead I put my hand quickly into my other pocket and withdrew another
used razor.   This wasn't as sharp as the new one, but wasn't as dull as the
first one.   Once he was lathered again I gave him the used razor.

It didn't shave as easily as the sharp one but it did a much better job then the
dull one.   It would pull every once in a while but he didn't nick himself
anymore.  The whole thing started to go a lot faster.

Pete motioned for me to follow him into the cell room.  Larry stayed with the
kid.

"It is almost lunch time Harold.  You are doing a good job, just keep it up and
everything will be ok.  I will show you where the kids food is and how to mix
it.   You must give him a serving specifically ordered for him by Pat, along
with a bowl of fresh water.  Remember how you had to eat as Dinky doggie, well
that is how the kid has to take his meals." 

He walked over to the cupboard as he talked and I followed.

"I am going to let you in on a little secret Harold, although this stuff looks
like dog food, it isn't.  It is a specially formulated kibble made specifically
for humans.   When served with water, and in the correct proportions for the
individual, it provides a balanced, healthy meal.  Bet you never would have
guessed that when you were eating it." he laughed.

"No, I thought it was dog kibble." I replied with a bit of a smile.

"It is made right here in Toronto, in a plant owned by Charlie.   Because it is
made for human consumption, the plant and its out put must meet all the same
Federal health regulations any other food processor must meet." he continued to
explain as he gathered everything together.

"Charlie donates a tremendous amount of the excess production to third world
countries to try and stem the malnutrition running rampant there.  If you think
back, it really wasn't all that bad tasting.   It was the idea that it was dog
food more than anything that would make you feel ill about eating it." he
chuckled again.

"Yeah, I guess your right." I answered.

He had everything ready and showed me how to measure exactly the right amount of
kibble for the kid.  He was getting a lot more then I got when I first arrived.  
He was undernourished and they wanted to build him up as quick as possible, I
supposed.

He told me to pour exactly 1 cup of water over the kibble approximately two to
three minutes before giving it to the kid.   Any longer then that and it would
turn to mush and be even less appetizing then it already was for the unknowing.

We then headed back to the bathroom.  The kid was all finished his pubs, body,
arms and left leg.   He was just finishing off his right leg as we returned.  
Larry nodded to us with a smile.

"We will see you in the bar as soon as you are finished here, Harold." Pete said
and he and Larry turned and left.

"All finished, Sir." the kid said.

"Let me have a look and I'll be the judge about whether your all finished or
not.  Spread your legs, bend over and touch your toes." I ordered.

He quickly did as ordered.

I checked his little asspussy.  It looked like it had never been used, well that
would be corrected this afternoon.  I rubbed a finger over it and felt him give
a shiver, of delight or fear, I wasn't sure which.   I then let my hand wander
down and felt around his nuts and dick.   My doing this was having an effect, he
started getting hard.

He had done a good job, even with the dull razor.  He was as smooth as a new
born babe and it felt so erotic I started to get hard myself and drew my hand
away.

"Ok, jump in the shower and rinse down good, you may use warm water.  You have
exactly 5 minutes. Go." I said.

He didn't need to be told twice, he was in the shower like a shot.  I watched as
he turned on the water and got the temperature the way he liked it. 

I took a towel out of the cupboard, put down the toilet seat cover and placed
the towel on it.

"There is a towel on the toilet.  When your finished dry yourself and come into
the cell room for your lunch." I hollered at him.

"Yes Sir." he answered.

"And don't be all fucking day either."

"Yes, sir.

I went into the other room and leaned against the counter.  His kibble was
already measured and placed in the bowl.  All I had to do was add the water and
give it to him.   I also had to cuff his hands behind his back.

He was a lot quicker getting out of the shower then I would have been.   I
hadn't been waiting more than a couple of minutes when he entered the room.

"What should I do with the towel, Sir." he asked. 

"In the bathroom behind the door there is hole in the wall with a metal swinging
door.  Push the towel through that.  But hang on for a minute." I answered.

I walked over and handed him the shaving stick.

"Rub this over all of the nicks on your pubic area.  It will stop the bleeding
and prevent infection." 

"Thank you, Sir." he said. 

I watched as he rubbed each of the nicks, patting each with the towel first.  
When he was finished he returned to the bathroom to get rid of the towel.

"Are you ready for you lunch?" I asked.

"Yes Sir." he answered.

"Ah, Sir."

"Yes." I answered.

"I was supposed to remind you that I am due 5 lashes with the belt for getting a
hard on with out permission, Sir." he said quietly.

"Right.  Spread your legs, bend over and grab your ankles.   Do not move or I
will increase the lashes." I ordered.

He did as he was told and I removed the belt from around my waist.   I knew that
Charlie and the guys would be watching on the TV monitor to see if I carried out
my duty.   I didn't want to do this, but really had no choice at all.

I wrapped the buckle around my right hand, raised it up and brought it down with
good, but not full force across his little, soft, white ass cheeks.   He gave a
little cry and a red welt began to show right away.

To get this over with a as quick as possible for the both of us, I didn't waste
any time.   I delivered the five lashes and he cried out after each one.   It
was all I could do to keep the tears from rolling down my cheeks as well.   I am
not really sure who was hurting the most here, the kid or me.

When I was finished I told him to stand up and put his hands behind his back.  
He did as ordered, his little ass that had been so smooth and white a few
minutes ago was now all red and a couple of good sized, angry welts had risen.  
He was crying softly, tears rolling down his sweet, smooth cheeks.

I placed the belt back around my waist, went over to the counter and picked up
the cuffs.    I cuffed him and told him to go to his cage and adopt the rest
position.

I went to the counter and measured fresh cold water for his kibble.    Then I
filled his water bowl.   I picked up both bowls, one in each hand and headed for
the cage.   I placed them on the floor in front of the boy.

"You will eat all of your food and drink all of your water before I come back. 
Do you understand.?"  I asked.

"Yes, Sir, I understand Sir." he replied.

"As soon as I leave the room you may start eating." I said as I turned and left
the cage.  

I closed and locked the cage door then headed for the door to the hall way.  A
few moments later I was standing behind Charlie, waiting for permission to sit.

"Why are you standing there, Harold?"  he finally said, acknowledging my
presence.

"Waiting for permission to sit, Sir." I answered a little confused and suddenly
on edge.

Any time Charlie did anything unexpected I was instantly on edge.

"Well, Harold, you are now training a slave, you have earned the right to come
and sit at this table without waiting for permission.  So sit." he said with a
smile.

"Yes Sir, thank you, Sir."  I said appreciatively.

Lunch was a very pleasant affair for a change.   Charlie was even treating Harry
better to day.   He had been permitted to wear a set of cooks whites.   To my
way of thinking that had to be a lot more sanitary then allowing a naked man to
mess around with the food.

As well he was even civil to Harry.  No abuse at all, he even thanked Harry a
couple of times.  Conversation over lunch was light hearted and we laughed over
a few jokes.

Once the dishes were cleared away, Harry took the drink orders.  I was actually
permitted to order coffee while the rest of them ordered beer.   Things were
looking up.

The subject of conversation changed while we sipped our drinks.    Charlie went
into great detail on what he wanted accomplished with the kid this afternoon.  
I could see I was going to be very busy and didn't much like what I was going to
be busy doing.

I was finishing my coffee when Charlie told us to get back to work.  Pete, Larry
and I rose together, Pat stayed talking to Charlie.   We headed out into the
hall and back to the cell room.  

"Have you got it all straight, Harold." Pete asked before we got to the cell
room.

"Yeah, I think so.   I am just not all that keen, that's all, but I will do my
best Pete." I answered.

"Don't worry, Larry and I will be right here and will jump right in if you run
into any difficulty.   And, Harold, relax.  Charlie knows you are having a great
deal of inner turmoil over this and he understands.   He doesn't expect you to
do what Larry and I do, he just expects you to do the best you can."  Pete said.

As we arrived at the door, I gave him  a weak smile.

"To the wars." I said softly as I opened the door and entered.

The kid had been laying on the floor and he jumped up quickly and assumed the
rest position.  I went to the cage and unlocked the door.   I went in and looked
down at his bowls, both were empty.   

I bent down and picked them up, giving them a very close inspection to make sure
he had licked them clean.   They both looked like they had been washed.

"On your feet, boy." I ordered.

He jumped and I went around behind him and released the cuffs.

"Here." I said handing him the two bowls.

"Take them over to the sink and wash them out good, you will find a bottle of
liquid soap, in the cupboard under the sink.   Then rinse and dry your bowls and
leave them on the counter.   When you are finished go to the center of the room
and stand with your legs spread slightly apart and your hands clasped behind
your back.   Remember to look down at the floor."

"Yes Sir." he said taking the bowls and scooting off to the sink.

It only took him a couple of minutes to complete the assignment and get to the
centre of the room.

"Ok, let's carry on from this morning.  How long is your cock when you are
hard?" I asked.

He looked at me crest fallen.

"I don't know, Sir." he answered.

"Damn it, you don't have any hair in the way now so there is no excuse for not
knowing how fucking long your cock is.  Why don't you know?"  I demanded.

"Ah, well Sir, I have never measured it, Sir." he answered.

"Never measured it!!  What kind of fucking man are you anyway?    A real man
knows how fucking long his cock is and he is proud of it.   I guess you must be
some kind of fucking wimp faggot.   The fucking thing is so small your
embarrassed by it right?" I insulted him.

"Well.....ah.....I...." he was at a loss for words so I cut in.

"Can't even talk like a man.  Shit Fuckface, you make me fucking sick." 

I reached in my pocket and pulled out a tailors tape measure and handed it to
him.

"Do you think you could do something as simple as measuring the length of your
cock for us, boy?" I asked in disgust.

"Ah...yes Sir." he said, tears rolling down his cheeks.

"Well get to it then, I don't have all fucking day to fool around with you.  How
long is your cock."

The poor kid unrolled the tape, got the end and held it against his pubs and
tried to get it to the end of his flaccid dick.  It really isn't all that easy
to do with a flaccid dick.   This of course was my opportunity to jump on him
again.

"Now what the fuck are you doing you fucking wiener head." I shouted.

"Trying to measure my cock as ordered, Sir." he said defensively.

"You fucking idiot, I don't want to know how fucking small your dick is I want
to know how big the fucking thing is.  It has to be hard to do that, so make it
get hard and then measure it." I yelled placing my face up close to his and
looking him in the eye.

He looked like he wanted to curl up and die.   He knew what I had just told him,
but had probably never touched his dick in front of anyone before and here I was
telling him he had to get it hard.   Most likely the only way he knew how to do
that was to start wanking.

"Get it hard Sir......ah....you mean I have to .....  a ..play ...ah.... with
myself Sir." his voice was full of terror as he tried to get that out.

"Yes." I growled.  "Wrap your hand around your cock and pull it until it gets
hard.   Then measure it."

He gulped, started to shake a bit, and then wrapped a shaky hand around his
little dick and started to play with it.   Now some will have you believe that a
boy can get a hard on just thinking about it.   Well I am here to tell you that
is not always true.    If a boy is scared enough he ain't going to get a fucking
hard on no matter how hard he tries.

He was playing with himself, but nothing was happening.  The poor little bugger
was really scared and it was affecting his ability to get hard.   Then I had a
brilliant idea and giggled inside as I turned to Larry.

"Larry this little fucker is so fucking dense he can't even get a fucking hard
on by himself.   Would you wrap your hot lips around his cock and help him
please."

Larry gave me a look that if it had been a dagger would have sliced me into
little pieces.   But at the same time I noticed that Pete thought that was as
funny as hell and could barely contain the laughter.

Larry may have been a bit pissed about this, but he didn't argue.   He got down
on his knees in front of the kid and took that little, shriveled up dick  in his
hot mouth and began to suck noisily.  That just about broke me up as well and I
had to turn away from the kid for a minute or he would have seen it.

It didn't take long for Larry's hot mouth to bring the kid to a full hard on.  
He had stopped shaking and was now moaning in pleasure.   Larry didn't stop
though, he kept going and I knew exactly what he was going to do.   He would
bring the kid to the top of the mountain and then just leave him there, and that
is exactly what he did.

The kid almost hollered don't stop when Larry pulled away, but caught himself
just in time.   I watched the disappointment write itself all across his sweet
innocent face.

"Don't just fucking stand there like a dork." I yelled.  

"Measure the fucking thing before it gets tiny again."

That was enough to bring the kid back to the real world and he took the tape and
measured his now throbbing, pre cum dribbling hot meat.

"My cock is six and three quarter inches long when hard." he said almost with a
smile.

"How thick is it?" I asked.

"Sir?" he replied.

"For fuck sake don't you know anything.   The circumference of the fucking
thing.   Here give me the fucking tape and I'll find out for myself." I said
taking the tape from his hand with fained impatience.

I wrapped the tape around the centre of his cock.  It measured one and a half
inches.   The kid had nothing to be ashamed of in the meat department, but of
course I couldn't tell him that.

"Man don't know how you would ever have made it out there with such a small
dick.   The bitches would all have dropped you like a stone the moment they saw
that little joke."  I sneered.

The kid just turned a bit red and kept his head down.

"Right, enough wasting time, get up on the table." I ordered.

He scooted over pretty quick and climbed up and sat with his feet over the edge
waiting for further instructions.

"On your back, boy, with your feet in the stirrups"

He lay down and placed his feet in the stirrups.   Larry and Pete quickly
fastened the leather straps around his ankles and pulled them snug.   They did
the same with the ones at his knees.  He would not be able to close or remove
his legs from the stirrups.

I brought up the straps for his waist and chest and wasted no time in getting
them snug.   Pete and Larry then readjusted the stirrups, raising the kids ass
up off the table and giving us a clear unobstructed access to his hole.

I then took each wrist and cuffed it to the top of the table.   The kid was now
almost fully immobilized.  We were about to give him the enema treatment and
from experience, I knew how painful this could be, the first time.

"Ever had your bowels cleaned out before, Fuckface?" I asked gruffly.

"No Sir." he answered and I could see fear in his eyes.

"It is a simple process. We have an automated system here, you get hooked up and
then it just happens.   The process can not be stopped once it starts so there
will be no use in asking us to turn it off, we can't."  I said.

"As your bowels start to clean you will feel some very severe cramping, that is
why we have bound you to the table.   We will try to help you through the worst
of that cramping by rubbing your abdomen to get the crud out."  I paused for a
moment as Pete prepared the hoses with the dildo type end ready for insertion.

"You have never had anything big pushed up your ass before have you boy?" I
stated.

"No Sir, please don't Sir." he said quietly, his face had turned an ashen gray.

"It has to be done and it is only an enema so stop acting like a baby.  The
nozzle end, that fills the bowel and then empties it, is large and may hurt a
little when Master Pete is inserting it.   He will try not to hurt you too much
but you have to help."  I said almost lovingly, trying to calm him down.

"When you feel it being pushed in try and relax your ass muscle and even try
pushing as though you were having a shit.    That will help the valve to go in
without pain.   Fight it and it will really hurt and Pete may even end up
splitting the sphincter muscle and then you will know real pain."

"Are you ready Pete?"  I asked, and he nodded.

"Ok kid we will start."

Pete started inserting the nozzle dildo.  He had lubed it good as well as the
kids ass and the bullet shaped front began to disappear up  the kid's shoot.  
Pete hadn't gone more than an inch when he began to feel resistance.

"Take a shit boy." I said.  "Push like it is the biggest turd you have ever had
and you want it out."  the kid obeyed and I watched the nozzle just suddenly
slide right up and deep into his hole.

"Yeah, that's the way kid.   Ya did good, it doesn't feel too bad now, does it? 
I asked, giving him a little praise at the same time.

"I don't much like it Sir, but it doesn't hurt, it just feels, filling." he
answered.

"Ya, we all know we have enema's quite regularly kid, it is a part of our lives,
just as it will become a part of yours from now on."  I said.

"Pete is now securing the knozzle so it will not come off during the process. 
He will then push the button that will start everything working.  I will let you
know just before he pushes the button. Ok?"

"Yes Sir."

"The machine will fill you with a warm, soapy solution.   As your gut begins to
rise you will think the machine is broken and is pumping too much in, but it
isn't.  The solution must reach a certain pressure in order to really clean your
system, the machine will keep pumping until that pressure is reached."

"Ok, Pete is going to push the button now.   You will feel the warmth right
away."

Pete pushed the button and we could hear the water start to enter the kids
bowels, but that was the only sound that came from the apparatus.   I turned
back to finish explaining what was going to happen.

"Once the pressure in your gut reaches the correct point the solution will stop
pumping in.    You will then have to hold that solution for five minutes.   You
will be getting a lot of severe cramping at this point, but there is nothing we
can do except try to rub the cramps out for you.  You will just have to bear it
boy."

The look of fear was back on his face.

"At the end of five minutes the machine will start to drain out all the crap and
crud from your innards.   But you won't be finished.   You must also have three
rinses.   These rinses will get rid of the last of the crud."

"I saw that look on your face, boy.  You don't have to worry, you will not get
the severe cramping with the rinses, you may get some but it won't be as bad as
it will in a few moments."

I could seen his abdomen beginning to rise.   He would start to get the cramping
any minute.  I hadn't lied to him, I was doing the enema thing almost every day
now and I didn't get any cramping at all.  In fact I really liked having that
warm water up inside me.   The side benefit was I didn't stink myself out of the
shitter anymore,  I never had to have a shit.

"Ahhhggggggggggggggaahhhhhhhgggg"  the kid cried out.

Pete and Larry rushed up and began to massage his gut.   His eyes were full of
tears and his breathing had become heavy to try and overcome the pain in his
gut.  The cramp released and his face relaxed.

The cramps started to come regularly and Pete and Larry were kept busy massaging
them out.   I stayed by the kids head and talked quietly to him, giving him some
moral support.  He began to sweat profusely on the forehead and it began to run
down towards his eyes.

I went over to the sink and grabbed a face cloth from a pile sitting there, wet
it under the cold water and hurried back.   I wiped his forehead and around his
eyes.  The poor kid was in constant pain now.   I felt real pity for him,
remembering how painful it was for me, my first time.

"It is still filling me up, Sir, I don't think my insides can take anymore,
please try to stop it, Sir." he cried between gasps of breath and little screams
of pain.

"Sorry kid, told you the thing is automatic.   It will stop when the correct
pressure is reached, that should be anytime now, so just hold on." I said
gently.

The machine finally stopped filling him, but that didn't stop his cramping.   I
continued to wipe his forehead, making sure the sweat didn't run into his eyes.  
I talked gently to him, trying to make it as easy for him as possible.

Then suddenly the look on his face changed, it was a look of relief.   The
machine had started to empty his bowels.   I remembered back to when that had
happened to me and how happy I felt inside to feel it going away.

On the first rinse he had a bit of cramping but not all that much.  During the
other two rinses he had almost none.  

Once the second rinse started I released his wrists from the cuffs.   He
wouldn't fight us now.   Then the straps across his chest and waist.   Pete had
already unfastened the straps from his knees and ankles.

When he was finished and all the equipment had been removed, I ordered him to
get off the table and go to the centre of the room and adopt the rest position.  
Pete and Larry quickly disconnected the hoses and took them and the knozzle over
and placed them in a container, I assumed someone would come along later to
clean and sterilize them.

"Now boy, listen up.   You have learned to smell your Master's cock and how to
track it.   You have also learned how to pleasure your Master's cock with your
mouth.    Today we are going to teach you how to pleasure your Master's ass
pussy and how to present yourself so the Master may use your ass pussy." I said.

We are going to take you to another room for this training, one better suited to
that purpose.    You will follow us, but stay on your hands and knees, and you
better keep up with us or you will be punished.

Pete led the way, followed by Larry, myself and the kid.   I did not hold the
door for him, remembering what Dickie had done to me, back at Dieter's.   The
kid grabbed the door before it could hit him.  Of course not being as sadistic
as Dickie had been I made sure he could see that he would have to grab it.

We walked at a normal pace down the hall, this is a pace which is just a tad
faster than is comfortable for someone crawling.   We didn't have very far to
go, it was only five doors down, so the kid was right behind us.

This room had a huge bed, about three times the size of a queen.   You could
have quite a party on that bed, invite the whole neighborhood.

Pete and Larry went over to the bed and stripped.   They folded their leathers
and placed them on a table at the side of the bed.   They just pushed their
boots under the bed.

I had the kid adopt the rest position at the foot of the bed.

"Now boy, for this part of your training, Master Larry will take over the
instructions.    I would advise you pay close attention and do exactly as he
tells you, he does not take kindly to disobedient slaves, as I am sure you are
already well aware."

"Yes Sir." the kid answered.

I could see from the look on his face that he didn't like the idea of Larry
taking over.   I was pretty sure that it was Larry's sadistic streak that had
made the kid so obedient.

I went over and stripped down, then crawled up onto the bed and lay down beside
Pete.    I knew that this part of the kid's training was going to be very
pleasurable, for me and for Pete.

Larry didn't waste any time getting the kid up onto the bed with his head down
between my legs giving me a fantastic rim job.    Larry taught him all kinds of
tricks with his hot tongue.   My cock was throbbing and dripping precum, I
wanted to grasp my dick and wank the shit out of it, but didn't dare.  I didn't
know what Larry had in mind.  Wanking might piss him off so I just lay there and
enjoyed the rimming.

When the kid started sticking his tongue up my ass I just about went mad.   I
had my head back on the pillow, swinging from side to side, my fists opening and
closing like a cat when it is in ecstasy.

I suddenly felt a warm mouth around my dick and looked down to see Pete
relieving the pressure for me.   

"Oh yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhh." I screamed.

"Fuck my as with that tongue boy."

The kids tongue was working furiously and I was on fire with lust.   Pete's hot
mouth and throat, fucking my cock sent me to the stars.

I was sweating profusely, gasping for breath and crying out all manner of
encouragement to the two mouths giving me such unbelievable pleasure.

But all good things must come to an end and this good thing ended in an intense
eruption.    White, hot molten lava erupted from the slit in my cock and forced
it's way down into the gullet of the mighty Pete, furiously face fucking him
self on my rod.

"Ahggggggggggggggg, ahhhhhhhhh ohhhh oh oh oh ohhhhhhhhhh ahhhhhh oh oh oh
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh." I cried out my pleasure.

When the eruptions finally ceased, Pete gave my dick a few more licks and pulled
away.   The kid was still fucking my ass with his tongue and Larry finally let
him stop.

I just lay there completely weak, unable to move.  That had to be the best sex I
had ever had.   My heart was still thumping loudly in my chest and my breathing
was still gasps.

I could hear Larry saying something to the kid, but I paid no attention, just
luxuriated in that wonderfully contented feeling of euphoria that follows good
sex.

I lay there with my eyes closed for the longest time, completely oblivious to
everything around me.  But then the sound of loud moaning penetrated my revere.  
I opened my eyes and saw it was Pete.    The kid was busy tongue fucking his ass
hole and his cock was throbbing and spilling precum, just as mine had not all
that long ago.

I got up quick and placed my head over his dick, opened my mouth and plunged. 
Pete's precum was so sweet tasting.   I slurped it up and began to play my
tongue around the pulsing, purple head of his big dick.  I heard him give a
gasp, then more moans as I began my ministrations.

I loved the feeling of a smooth, hot dick head in my mouth.   I can not think of
another feeling that feels so good.   I guess it has something to do with the
texture of the cockhead and nerve endings in the mouth.   Whatever, to me there
is no feeling like it.

I suckled and played with that head for as long as I figured I could get away
with it, then began to deep throat his shaft.   I gagged a bit on the first try
but then it just slipped down and I was soon fucking my face.   

I had learned a few tricks about cock sucking while at Dieter's and I used some
of those on Pete.  He started screaming out his pleasure.   That made me feel
real good inside, I had learned those tricks and they were working.

They were working so well Pete could not control his pelvis and soon it was
trying to hump my face.   Now that was not a problem for me, but for the kid it
was a whole different matter.

Have you ever tried to tongue fuck and ass that was bouncing up and down, it is
not the easiest thing to do when you are a pro, damned near next to impossible
when this is only the second time you have done it.  I heard Larry curse the kid
and slap him on the ass a couple of times.

"You miserable little fuck, keep that fucking tongue in your Master's pussy or
we will string you up and whip the ass off you." he shouted at the kid.

Realizing that I was causing the kid these problems, I went back to just plain
cock sucking.   Pete eased up on the humping and Larry stopped threatening the
kid with his life. Talk about chain reactions.

Pete was so far gone by this time that it didn't take much longer before he was
unloading deep in my throat.  I finished him off and lay back on the bed for a
few moments to savor his taste.   What a wonderful afternoon it had been so far,
I felt so good inside.

Then I went and ruined it all by thinking about the kid.    I was pretty sure he
was not going to like the next part of his training.  Not, I imagine, that he
much liked sucking on ass.

Pete was going to take over as instructor for the next part as it would be the
first time we would try a threesome.  We had to get ready for the Parade and
Charlie had been very explicit on what we were going to do.

After regaining his composure and breathing, Pete got up off the bed and went to
one of the walls.  He did something and a hidden cupboard opened.    Pete pulled
out a large mat and placed in on the floor.

"Fuckface, get over here, on all fours, now." Pete ordered.

The kid jumped up off the bed and hurried over to the mat.

"Now boy, Master Harold is going to take your asspussy cherry.   You know what
that means, don't you?"  Pete asked in a pleasant almost fatherly voice.

"Yes, Sir." he answered, but the look on his face said he was not happy about
it.

"Now this could be the most wonderful thing you have ever felt or it could be
the worst.   It is entirely up to you.    Usually, once you get ass fucked, you
will want it again and again.   You may even find that you get your rocks off 
without anyone touching your dick."  Pete explained.

"Now before sticking his cock up your ass, Harold is going to work on opening up
your pussy.   That means he is going to start stretching your sphincter so it
will easily take his cock.   We are not trying to hurt you here, we are trying
to train you to be  a good sex slave.  In the long run it will save you a lot of
pain.  Ok?" Pete finished.

"Yes Sir." he answered.

I got the tube of lube from the bedside table drawer as well as a medium sized
dildo.   Except for length it was the size of an average erect dick, in other
words the size of mine.

I went over and knelt down behind him.  Pete had already briefed me that I was
to return the favor the kid had done for me, by giving him a rim job.

I knew the kid was perfectly clean because we had just done the enema thing on
him.    I leaned forward and gave his soft, smooth ass cheek a kiss.   I guess
he wasn't expecting that because I heard a short intake of breath.  I giggled
inside, ok boy, your turn to feel good.

I kissed around his ass cheeks a bit and then over to his crack, up near the
waist.   Then I started using my tongue to flick little bolts of lightening
through his system.   I knew right away he had never felt anything like this
before, just by the way his body shivered and the little moans of pleasure
escaping from his throat.

I worked my way slowly down that ass crack and when I got to his sweet, little
pink love nest, I flicked my tongue all around the outside edges.    Then began
to lick with just a little more pressure.   His squeals of delight made me feel
really good inside.   For a change I was making him feel good instead of bad.

He was having a great deal of difficulty keeping still, my tongue was working
furiously.   It was time to give him the big thrill.  I stopped dead, not
moving.  I could almost hear the disappointment.  I knew he was begging, in his
mind, for me to keep going.    If he had thought he could get away with it, I
know he would have been begging me out loud.

I only paused for about 15 seconds, but in a situation like this, 15 seconds can
seem like hours.   Then I pressed my tongue up against the centre of his love
button and pushed.

My tongue slid right in and he gasped.   I then began a nice slow fucking of his
asspussy with my hot tongue.  I let my left had come up and grasp his nuts
gently.    I massaged them as my tongue worked his pussy.   Loud gasps and moans
were coming regularly form the kid, he was in ecstasy.

I let my hand travel on up and grasp onto his now throbbing cock.   It was all
wet from the precum which was flowing freely.    I began a slow wank to keep
time with my tongue fucking of his pussy.

I had decided that I was going to bring him off this way.   I thought he
deserved it, if Pete and Larry didn't like it, well that was just fucking tough.  
I had done enough shitty things to this kid today and I was going to make sure
he got some pleasure.

I picked up the pace and could tell just by how his body was reacting to my
ministrations that he was close.   Then abruptly he gave out a yell and started
shooting his hot load onto the mat.   I continued to wank and tongue fuck while
he shot load after load of hot cum to the mat.

When he was finally finished I pulled away and had Pete move him forward.  
There was a huge puddle of hot, white cum sitting there.   I leaned over and
slurped it all up into my mouth.

On my knees I made my way to the kid.  I placed my arms around him and brought
my lips to his.   At first he didn't want to cooperate, but one word from Pete
and he opened his mouth to except my hot tongue.

I started to kiss him and at the same time transferred his cum from my mouth to
his.  I don't think he quite knew what to do.   With his cum now in his own
mouth, I continued to kiss him.   Letting my tongue explore his oral cavity,
swishing the cum all over.

Then I sucked some of the cum back into my own mouth and pulled away.   I looked
into his eyes and swallowed.   He knew what I had done and caught on right away.  
He swallowed.

I placed a hand on his head and said:

"Your alright kid." and smiled.

He smiled back, I think that was the first time since he had been here that
anyone had treated him like a human being.

"Ok, get your ass back up in the air I gotta get it stretched." I said jovially.

The kid quickly flipped over and stuck his ass up.   You catch more flies with
honey than vinegar, I thought.

I started by lubing his pucker and my right forefinger.   I gently worked it in
and around.  I don't think he much liked the feeling, but then neither did I the
first time.

After I thought I had it prepared enough I added more lube and also lubed up the
middle finger.   I worked both in and around.    Eventually I added a third
finger and worked until I was satisfied that his sphincter would stretch with no
problem for the dildo.

I lubed it and slowly worked it in.   He either tried to resist or was tensed
up.

"Relax, kid."  I said calmly.  "Just relax, it won't hurt.  If necessary try to
shit, remember the nozzle for the enema, do the same."

I guess he fully trusted me by now because he relaxed and the dildo slid right
up to my fingers that were holding it.

I worked it in and out an tried to find his prostate.   I hit it a couple of
times because he gasped out in pleasure.

"Didn't know it could feel that good did you, boy." I said.

"No Sir, it sure does feel good, Sir."  he answered.

"Well Pete," I said.  "It looks good and loose now so I guess it is your show
from here on in."

"Right.  Now Fuckface, Harold is going to mount you just like a male dog mounts
a bitch in heat.  All you have to do is stay as still as possible so he doesn't
fall off."

The kid had no idea about the doggie's.   He just thought I was going to take
his cherry.   He must have thought it pretty strange that  I might fall off, I
could just imagine what he was thinking.

I guess it was about then that Larry noticed the same thing that was just
dawning on me, I was not hard.   I went to grab my dick to wank and Larry
quickly grabbed my hand and shook his head.    Then he motioned me to follow
him.

I got up and went over to where he had moved, right beside the door.   He leaned
forward and whispered urgently in my ear.

"Go down to the bar, quick.   Charlie wants to talk to you.    Harold, go as
fast as you can, I think he is pissed about something."

I almost went ridged with fear.  Oh fuck what have I done.   Larry opened the
door and practically pushed me out.   He did it with such an air of urgency I
forgot I was naked.

I went running down the hall to the bar, just as I was opening the bar door, I
remembered my clothes were back in that bedroom.   I stopped dead in my tracks,
I also knew that Larry had pulled a fast one.   He knew that going into that bar
naked would give me one hell of a boner, and he was right.

The moment I remembered I was naked, my dick stood straight up.   There was no
backing away from it now, the bar door was open and everyone could see me.    
Gritting my teeth I walked in and over to Charlie.

"Sir, Larry said you wished to see me?" I said, more in embarrassment now then
fear.

He turned and looked at me.

"Yup, I can see you,   every fucking square inch of you.   Ya know, Harold it
really is not very good for moral when one of my my trainers is seen running
around the building naked.   How are the slaves ever going to respect a Master
that runs around fucking naked?" he said very calmly and in that fatherly voice.

Oh fuck, Larry you bastard I'll wring your fucking neck, I thought.

"Well, Sir, Larry said it was urgent and in my rush to get here I forgot I was
naked.  It was only when I entered that I remembered I had no clothes on, Sir.  
I am sorry Sir, but my duty is to obey without delay.  I guess I screwed up
again, Sir."  I answered.

"Yes, I guess you did Harold, but for the right reasons, so I am not angry with
you.  But I do think you should be punished, don't you?"  he asked.

Shit, I thought.  No way out.

"Yes Sir, I should be punished."  I answered in as positive a tone as I could
manage.

"Ok, it won't be too harsh, Harold.   Just go out and run up to Queen Street and
back.   Harold if you go one step farther than Queen Street we will come after
you, we will find you never fear, and you will be shipped to the parts farm
without delay.  Now go." he ordered.

I turned and headed for the door.  Tears began to form in my eyes.    I had to
run up to Queen Street and back naked.   My cock was now hard and would stay
that way.   It loved these situations, that fucking Larry, I would like to
throttle the bastard.

I went out the door and up the steps and almost stopped dead there were people
all over the street, men and women, young and old, thankfully I didn't see any
kids.  I started running and people started pointing at me, made lurid comments,
laughed and just generally made it all a hundred times worse than it was.

As I ran my dick and balls started flapping.  At first it was not a problem, but
my ball sac had been stretched some and they hung lower then they used to.  
This kind of running now required a jock strap to give them support.

They were banging against my legs and it was becoming very unpleasant.    By the
time I got to Queen Street, they were beginning to hurt a bit.   On the return
trip I had to wrap a hand around them to protect them, I don't think I could
have made it back other wise.

As I neared Queen Street the thought of not going back entered my head.  
Charlie said they would find me if I didn't return and it would be a trip right
to the parts farm.   That scared the shit out of me, but it wasn't what kept me
from trying to escape.    It was being naked.

I might get away with running up Kelly Street naked, I couldn't understand why,
but so far I had not been bothered.   Running down Queen Street on the other
hand was a whole different ballgame.  I wouldn't get more than a couple of
blocks at most and in a few days the bastards would be selling me, one piece at
a time to the highest bidder.

With wistful longing I forced myself to turn around and headed back.  This whole 
exercise had been one of complete embarrassment.   I felt so centred and it
seemed as if the whole city were watching me.   What if a local news crew were
around and had me in their sights?   I could just hear the pre-news
announcements.

"Man seen running naked through City streets, details at 11."

These and other dumb thoughts raced through my mind as I raced back to the bar.  
I headed straight for Charlie's table.  

"The punishment is completed, Sir." I said catching my breath.

"Good.   Oh, and Harold the next time you make that fucking kid happy, without
permission, I will be there with the scissors.   Now get back to work." he said
and turned away from me.

A touch of fear slithered through my body as I turned and headed back to the
bedroom.  How did he know I had made the kid happy?    Was this room bugged with
a camera and mic as well?   It must be I thought, there was no other way he
could have known.

As I walked in Pete was just climbing off the kid's back.   Goop was oozing from
his asspussy.   Larry and Pete had decided not to wait for me and had deflowered
the kid.

"Ah, you made it back just in time Harold.   Fuckface's pussy is all nice and
wet and ready for you."  Larry greeted.

Ya prick, I can see that, I thought, but said:

"Great, Charlie had something for me to do, sorry it took so long." 

I got down on my knees and crawled up to the kids rear end.   Then Pete began to
give instructions.

"Ok, remember kid, you keep very still.  Harold is not permitted to grab you
with his hands.  He can put his arms around you but that is all.   You are going
to have to help him stay mounted."

"Yes Sir." he answered.

"It would be best to do this exactly the way we will do it later, Harold.   Move
back a bit and approach on your hands and knees."

I backed up a bit and got down on my hands and knees.

"For realism, crawl up and sniff around his ass.   Then lick it, also it
wouldn't hurt to sniff around his balls as well.   The more realism you give
this the happier Charlie will be."

I crawled up and began to sniff around the kids dripping hole.   Now I have to
admit right here and now that the kids hole did not look appetizing at all.   It
was covered in man slime, and more was oozing out.   Much more than would have
been made by one man.   Both of these bastards had fucked the kid while I was
out running the fucking streets naked.

I knew I really had no choice in the matter, I could do it voluntarily and make
it look like I was enjoying it, or the kid would loose his nuts and I would have
a terrible meal.

I brought my nose in and began to sniff around his ass, the smell was not bad at
all, it smelled of sex.  I got my head down and sniffed around his nuts and even
stuck my tongue out and gave them a couple of licks.

Then I worked my tongue up to his pucker licking the oozing, dripping cum.   The
kid was in ecstasy again,  I was not doing too bad in that department myself.  
My cock was still hard and the smell and thoughts of what I was doing really
started to turn me on.

My breathing was becoming shallow and my heart rate had increased.   I couldn't
do this anymore, I had to get my cock into that pussy.   I raised myself up and
moved forward until my cock head was touching the kids ass.

"Now keep still Fuckface,  Harold is going to try to mount you.   Give him as
much help as you can.   When you feel his cock at your pussy door relax and let
it in."  Pete instructed the kid.

"Remember Harold, you mustn't grab on with your hands.   You may lean on his
back, put your arms around him a bit, but no hands." Pete cautioned.

"Right." I answered.

I placed my palms flat on the kids waist and felt around with my dick head for
the kids pucker.    I found it and push in slightly.   There was a bit of
resistance so I pushed a bit harder and then suddenly my dick slid right in,
just as though the kids hole had been tailor made for it.

A problem arose almost right away.   It is impossible not to use your hands to
hold on when humping someone like this.  Almost immediately after entry my hands
shifted to the kids shoulders.  Pete didn't let me get away with it.  I moved my
hands onto the kid's back again, but it wasn't long before without realizing it
they had slid over and were grasping at his biceps.

Pete was not about to let me get away with that either.    It really was an
awkward situation.

"Pete, this is no good."  I complained.   "We are going to have to do something,
I can't continue like this.   Do we have a set of doggie paws that I could use
for practicing?" 

"Hey, great idea.  Larry see if there is a pair in the bottom far cupboard.  I
seem to remember we had a spare outfit in there."  Pete said.

Larry went over and I watched him pull out a box and then from the box a pair of
doggie arms.  The kid was looking too, I could just imagine what must be going
through his mind.   We still hadn't told him about doggie duty.   That was a
treat he would be finding out about in about an hour.

Larry brought the things over and I lifted one arm at a time to let him put them
on and fasten them.    Now I could not grab on involuntarily.   Just leaning on
the kids back while I humped was not all that pleasing for me.   The kid was
doing his best to keep still but on every other stroke or so he would shift
forward from my momentum.   This would just about cause me to go tits over tea
kettle over his head.

I decided to do what fido does when he screws his bitches, I leaned forward and
wrapped my paws around the kids chest.  This worked great and in no time at all
I had a really great rhythm going.

That's when Larry decided to get into the act.   I was not expecting it and
almost jumped out of my skin when I felt his hot tongue licking my nuts.    Then
he was up licking around my asspussy.

All I could do was moan out my pleasure.   This was something else, a whole new
experience and I loved it.  The kid was not doing too bad either.  I kept
hitting his prostate and he was also moaning.   Unfortunately for him he had no
one to stimulate his dick, if he was going to get it off it would have to be
strictly from my working his prostate.  I redoubled my efforts, fuck Charlie, I
thought to myself.

Larry really had me hot, his tongue was doing a wicked job on my pussy, I found
my self pounding into his face on the out stroke.  Finally he climbed up and
placed his long, hard cock at the entrance to my pussy.   On the next out stroke
his cock slid right in and on it's journey hit my prostate, sending waves of
pleasure all through me, and a loud, "yes", from my lips.

This whole thing now became the most exquisite fucking I had ever had.  I was
doing all the work, but I was getting double the pleasure.   Loud cries of
pleasure echoed through the room from my rasping lungs and throat.

Larry must have had considerable experience at this, because he kept himself
exactly in the right position at all times for my out stroke.   I had feared
that I would have to worry about making sure I didn't knock him off my back or
make him pull out.    He just kept his hands flat on my back just below the
shoulder blades and made tiny adjustments in his position to meet my thrusting. 
That left me free to just enjoy myself.

The kid was really moaning now himself and was finding it almost impossible to
stand still.   His ass was involuntarily meeting my inward thrusts now and he
was breathing hard as well.

I heard Larry give a couple of loud moans behind me.   His breathing had speeded
up and I felt he was getting close.    I was just about ready and so picked up
the pace, hoping I could bring the other two along with me, but I was not going
to be able to wait too long.

It was the kid that came first, however.   He just suddenly gave a loud yell and
I could feel his climax travel through his body.   That was all I needed and I
started to join him.    I was pounding in and out as hard as I could, unloading
my seed deep in the bowels of this beautiful boy.    I guess the howls of
pleasure from the kid, mixed with mine were all Larry needed, because a moment
after I started dumping my load, Larry was dumping his.

"As soon as Harold pulls out, you turn yourself around a lap up your cum from
the mat, Fuckface and do it quickly."  Pete instructed the kid.

"Harold, you get your nose right up to the kids ass and start licking the
discharge from his pussy.  Larry will be doing yours.  Then the kid will go
behind each of you and lick your dicks clean." Pete said.

Once he was finished, Larry pulled out of me with a loud, squishy pop.  I in
turn pulled out of the kid.    The kid moved forward a bit then made a quick
turn and began to lap up his cum from the mat.

I crawled around until I was behind him again and lowered my head to begin the
clean up of his pussy.    Larry followed suit and I soon felt his hot tongue
cleaning me up.  The kids ass was tight and not very much had escaped.  It only
took a few moment to lick up a bit of my own dick snot.    Larry took just a few
seconds longer to do me.

The kid then came around  to try and lick our dicks clean, but ran into a real
problem.   He couldn't figure out how to do it, remember Larry and I are on all
fours, the kid was trying to do it from the back.   Pete finally intervened and
explained that he had to go under at the belly.    This of course broke Larry
and I up and it took a while for us to stop laughing.   The poor kid thought we
were laughing at him and turned a bright red.

After he finally finished Larry and I got up off the floor.   The kid went to
the rest position.

Pete, Larry and I retrieved our clothes,went to the bed and got dressed.    Then
Larry and Pete left for the bar.

"Follow me Fuckface, but stay on all fours." I ordered as I left the room.

The kid scurried to keep up with me.   I headed back to the cell room, opened
the door and walked in.   The kid followed close behind.

"Back to your cell, Fuckface, and adopt the rest position." I ordered.

The kid made his way into the cell and adopted the position.  I walked over,
closed and locked the cell door.

"You will stay in the rest position until we return.  You are not to lye down or
move around.  If you disobey you will be punished." I commanded.

"Yes, Sir." he answered.

I then headed to the bar for a needed coffee break.   After coffee we were going
to introduce the kid to his new alter ego, Twinky doggie.

To be continued.

  This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 24

Twinky Doggie

Charlie gave me a big smile as I sat down.  Henry was taking Pete's order.

"Pete tells me that you have been doing really well with Twinky's training,
Harold." Charlie said.

"Thank you Sir, I am trying to do a good job.   The Kid really is very smart and
quick to learn.  Have you changed the kid's name to Twinky, then Sir?" I asked.

"Yes.  Right after coffee I will go back to the cell room with you and give him
the good news.   I imagine he hates the name Fuckface.  He has been doing so
well I have decided he needs a little reward and some encouragement.  I am also
going to give him the good news that he won't be going to the Arab."  he said.

"I think that would be very good of you, Sir.   He has something really
bothering him, you can see it in his eyes and I am sure it is not the training
or even being a slave.    It is something much deeper."  I answered.

"See you three," he practically shouted at   Pete, Larry and Pat,  as he slapped
the table, a huge smile on his face and his eyes just a glowing with pride.

"I told you Harold was special.   Hot damn I do know how to pick'em." 

I wasn't sure exactly what it was I did to earn his praise, but it was better
than having him yelling something foul at me.  By this time Henry had been
standing silently beside me for a bit waiting for Charlie to finish so he could
get my order.

I ordered coffee and two Boston Cream doughnuts.   Charlie began to brief us on
what he expected us to achieve with the kid after coffee.   It really was not
much.   Just get the kid into the doggie outfit and walk him around the halls a
bit to get him used to it all.  Then take him out to the tree in the courtyard
for a pee.

He also said he would arrange for the kid to go for a visit to Master Granger. 
See how the kid enjoyed Killer and Rellik.   Then he made a snide remark about
my performance at Master Grangers:

"I'll be willing to meet any bet made that Twinky takes the whole thing in his
stride.   He has learned to be a slave and will do what he is told and not
complain.  Not like Harold here, who couldn't find a single good thing to say
about his visit."

I just went a little red in the face, but kept my mouth shut.   That visit had
cost me two days at Master Dieter's.   You can bet your boots I will never
complain again.

"Oh, by the way Harold, Master Giovanni called.    He wanted to know when I was
going to let you go to his place for a visit." he said looking me in the eye.

Instant fear went through me, but I did my best not to show it.

"I thought it was going to be this week, Sir." I replied.

"Yes, I had intended on sending you over on Wednesday, however I don't want to
pull you away from Twink.   I didn't know at the time that I was going to give
you an opportunity to prove yourself.   So I will make arrangements for sometime
soon, maybe next week instead.   I am sorry about this Harold, I know how
disappointed you must be, but believe me, training Twinky is much more
important."

Disappointed!!  Oh yes was I ever disappointed..... in a fucking pigs eye.  I
was so happy I wanted to jump up and shout, Yeah.   Instead I said:

"Yes Sir, I am.   Master Giovanni was very nice to me at Master Dieter's get
together."  I lied.

"Ah Harold I am so proud of you my boy.   I knew you would take to this way of
life.   Whether you know it or not you were made to be a slave.    The free life
would eat up a young lad like you and throw you away as so much garbage.   Here
you are wanted and needed.  It may mean a little pain and embarrassment once in
a while, but hell that's a reasonable price to pay for all the benefits you 
receive."  he pontificated.

Bullshit asshole.   This ain't a life for anyone.   I was born a freeman and I
am going to die a freeman.   It may take me some time but I am going to win my
freedom back, I thought as I returned his gaze.

Coffee break came to an end when Charlie, without a word, stood up and headed
for the door.   The rest of us jumped up with him and followed along, just like
a fucking pack of sheep.  As he marched up the hall, his ass swinging from side
to side I thought, oh how I would like to knock the bastard down and fuck the
shit out of his ass, while he screams for mercy.

When he reached the cell room he stood aside and waited for me to unlock the
door.   I opened it and held it for him.  He marched in and stood back, about 5
feet from the cell door.

I unlocked the cell door and opened it.  The kid was still in the rest position,
where I had told him to stay when I left.  He had his head bent in supplication,
waiting for orders.

"Look at me boy." Charlie ordered.

The kid raised his eyes in fear.  He even began to shake a little.   He had been
treated pretty bad by Charlie so far and was scared of him.

"Your trainers all tell my that you have been a good slave and are learning
fast.  They tell me that you obey all orders.  Is that true, boy?" he asked in
that fatherly voice.

"Yes Sir, I try very hard to obey all orders from the Master, Sir."  he replied.

"Good.  Get on all fours and crawl to me, licking the floor all the way.  I want
to see a trail behind you, begin." he commanded.

Without hesitation, the kid got onto all fours, bent his head down and began
licking the floor as he made his way to Charlie.   I thought, what a fucking
prick, why does he have to make the kid do that, it is disgusting.

When the kid was about 2 feet away Charlie spoke:

"That will be fine boy, get back into the rest position." he said.

The kid adopted the position and looked down at the floor again.

"You may look at me again, boy.   I have some good news for you."

The kid raised his head and looked at Charlie.   A small spark of interest shone
from his eyes when Charlie mentioned the good news.

"All of your trainers here," he said, waving an arm at us, "believe I made a big
mistake selling you to the Arab.  They also conducted a little investigation and
found out that the fucking cops lied to me.   The two bastards that picked you
up, treated you so bad and then brought you here giving me a pack of lies, will
not be doing that to anyone else.   They are both now slaves, but the rest of
their lives will be a complete misery compared to yours.    I sent them to the
parts farm.   Ask your trainers about the farm, they will be only to happy to
tell you all about it."  he said.

"I treated you badly when you first arrived because I believed those bastards.  
It doesn't seem to have hurt you none though, you are making good progress.   
Unfortunately I can not send you home, boy.   You will be a slave for the rest
of your life, but don't despair, you will come to enjoy it after a while."

"Ok, enough of all that shit, time for the good news.   First, I have cancelled
the contract with the Arab.   You will not be going for castration tomorrow." he
said with a smile.

The kids eyes began to shine instantly.  Gone was that dejected, lost look that
I had been seeing.   So it was the castration that had been bothering him.   I
didn't know that he knew about that.

"Instead I will find a good Master for you right here at home.   I have already
contacted the Master that I think will really appreciate you and that you will
love right from the moment you meet him."

"Thank you, Sir." the kid answered.

"Now the second bit of good news.  You have been doing so well that I don't
think the name, Fuckface, is suitable any longer.  Therefore from this moment,
until I decide otherwise, your name will be, Twink." he said.

"Thank you, Sir." he said, but the expression on his face didn't change at all. 

"One of your duties, as long as you are a slave under my roof will be to serve
in doggie mode.   Now I know you have no idea what that is, but you will.   The
rest of your training this afternoon will be to introduce you to Twinky Doggie.  
Your trainers will tell you exactly what I expect from my dogs and you will be
the best fucking dog you can."  saying that he turned and left the room.

"Right, Twink," I said as the door closed.  "up on the table.

He hurried over and got up on the table.

Larry had the box with Twink's doggie outfit.  When he opened the box the first
thing I noticed was that Twinky Doggie would be black and white, not brown like
Dinky.   That got me wondering what colour, Dickey, Dorky and Stinky doggies
were.   I had assumed that all the doggies would where the same outfit.  Well I
was soon going to find out about Stinky, because Larry would have to suit up
sometime in the next couple of days.

"Ok, Twink this really is not a painful thing, but it can be a bit
uncomfortable, particularly on the back legs.   Now roll over and get up on your
hands and knees."  I ordered.

He rolled over and Larry and Pete took up positions on either side of him. 
Larry lifted and raised Twink's lower left leg up to his thigh, while Pete
lifted his right.   They applied the straps that would keep Twink's ankles
fastened to his thighs.

"This is the most uncomfortable part physically, Twink.   After an hour or so
the knee begins to ache a bit, but it doesn't last after the straps are
removed."

I then had him turn over onto his back.   Pete and Larry each had a doggie leg
piece which they applied to his legs, covering the folded and strapped legs with
the fur piece.

"You will also get doggie paws, Twink.  Your hands will be inside the paws which
a hard plastic type glove.   You will loose the use of your fingers while in
doggie mode so it becomes impossible to pick things up."  I continued to explain
as Pete and Larry worked.

"Pete," I asked.  "will he be wearing the eye piece or the nose?"

"Just the nose.   For the practices and the parade he has to be able to see.  We
will use the eye piece when Charlie has him doing bar duty."  he answered.

"Thanks, Pete."  I said.

"In just a moment you will turn over and get up on your four legs, Twink.  A
nose piece will be inserted up your nostrils.   The inserts are hollow so you
will still be able to breath through your nose.   It is only mildly
uncomfortable, but believe me it is ten thousand times better than the eye
piece."

"Now listen very carefully, Twink.   Once that nose piece is inserted, you
become a dog.   You must act like a dog at all times, if you fail and are caught
the punishments can be very severe, believe me.  Do you understand what I have
just said?  I asked.

"Yes Sir, once the nose piece is inserted I must act like a dog at all times,
Sir." he answered.

"Good boy." I praised him. 

"Now this is extremely important, if you forget you could end up getting beaten
almost to death, so do not forget it.   You must never, ever speak human words
while in doggie mode.   The Master's will not forgive you or even give you a
second chance.   Repeat that, Twink." I said.

"I must never speak human words while in doggie mode, Sir." he answered.

"Right.    Doggie mode begins the moment the nose or eye piece are put in place.  
Pete is going to do that right now."

Pete inserted the nose piece and stood back.

"Ok, Twinky doggie pay close attention.  We will teach you doggie language so
you will know how to communicate without using human words.   There are not a
lot so they will not be difficult for you to learn and remember."

"First, one bark means Yes.  Bark once Twinky." I ordered.

"Rrrough." he said.

"Good.  Now two barks means, No.  Bark twice."

"Rrrough, rrrough."

"Ok lets test you.   Are you happy that you do not have to go to the Arab?" I
asked.

"Rrrough." he said quickly.

"Are you having any pain?"

"Rrrough, rrrough."

"Do you like doggie mode?"

"Rrrough, rrrough."

"Too fucking bad, your going to do it anyway.  Now I am only going to cover one
other thing right now and that is how to let us know that something is wrong or
there is an emergency.    You bark, give three whines then bark again.   Pause
for a count of ten then do it again and keep doing it until someone pays
attention.   An emergency does not give you an excuse to speak.   You must
remain a dog while the nose or eye piece is in place.  Now practice the
emergency response for a few minutes."  I said walking away from the table.

I went over to the sink and got a glass of water, I was very, very dry.

Twink practiced his emergency warning and it sounded pretty good.   Charlie
would be happy with that.   I let him practice for a while and watched as Larry
waved the black and white tail back and forth.   I don't think Twink had seen it
yet.

Larry started to lube up the dildo end of the tail so I stopped Twink's practice
and  gave him the low down on the tail.   We showed it to him and he didn't look
all that happy about it.   I also told him that he would have to learn how to
move his ass while walking to make the tail wag.   He also had to get used to
the damned dildo shifting around. 

"You will feel like you have to have a dump, every time the thing wags.   That's
how you know your doing it properly.  But you better be damned sure you never
shit it out.   The roof will cave in around your ears if you do."  I warned.

Then Larry went behind him and pushed the dildo home.   The complete Twinky
doggie stood on the table before us.   I pulled a leash out of my pocket and
attached it to his collar.

Pete and Larry lifted him and placed him on the floor.   I then taught him to
heel, to sit, to beg, to role over and to scratch.   At first he was not happy
at all, but soon he began to have fun with it and got right into the whole
thing.

It was then time to take him for a walk.  I was going to take him out into the
courtyard for his first Twinky doggie walk and pee.   There was a private
wedding going on in the courtyard.  Two Master's had gotten married and the
reception, with over fifty people was taking place out there.

"Do you have to pee, Twinky?" I asked innocently.

"Rrrough."  (Yes) he answered quickly.

I snickered inside, oh just wait until you see how you have to pee and how many
people are going to be watching you Twink.

"Ok, but you have to do it against a tree just like a regular dog.  Now just a
word of warning, Twinky, do not fuck this up.   I will take you out to a tree
and you will lift your rear leg and piss against it.  Understand?"  I said with
authority.

"Rrrough."  (Yes) he answered, almost gleefully.

I looked at Pete and Larry and they gave me a wink and a smile.  I winked and
smiled back and said:

"Ok, Twink lets go for walk'ums.   That's a good doggie."   I put my hand on his
head and gave him his first doggie scratch behind the ears.  

I wondered if he would come to hate that as much as I did.   I opened the door
and held it as he crawled through.   I headed up the hall with Twinky following
close beside me on the right.   He was heeling really well for his first time.

I opened the door that led to the short hallway that led to the door out to the
courtyard.

"This is a private courtyard, Twinky." I said.

I opened the door and bright sunshine greeted us.   Twinky went through the door
quickly then came to an abrupt and compete halt.  The door slammed shut just as
he turned to try and make a mad dash back inside.

My heart went out to him because I knew exactly how he felt.  I wanted to tell
him it was ok, to console him, but knew we would both be in deep shit if I did.  
Instead I pretended that I was annoyed.

"What the fuck are you doing, dog.   Get over here, you wanted a fucking piss
now you are going to take one."  I said, yanking gently on the leash.

I started walking towards the tree.   He really didn't have much choice and I
could feel him hesitating.   He was not the happy puppy he had been a few
minutes ago.

We hadn't gone very far before the wedding party noticed us and all eyes turned
our way.  I paid no attention to them at all, but that was easy for me, I wasn't
the one with my dick hanging out and dressed like a dog.

The wedding party must have been told that I would be bringing Twinky out for a
pee, because instead of heading towards us they headed towards the tree and took
up positions all around it, leaving a small opening for us to walk through.

I wanted to turn around and look at Twink and try to give him some reassurance
but didn't dare.   Instead I just kept giving little tugs on the leash to keep
him moving.

When we got to the tree I turned and looked down at him.

"Ok, dog, piss." I commanded in a voice loud enough that all those standing
around could hear.

Twink's face was beet red as he made his way to the tree.   He lifted his leg
and the crowd started to cheer.  The poor fucking kid, man was I ever glad it
was not me.

I looked down again and was surprised to see that Twink had a raging hard on.  
His dick was as bad as mine, it had turned traitor.    Now, as far as the crowd
was concerned, the fun had begun.   Twink, grunted and groaned and grunted some
more, but not a fucking drop left the end of his dick.   Instead long silver
strings of precum dropped to the ground.

The crowd began to hoot and holler and call Twink all kinds of names.   The more
they yelled at him the harder he tried to piss, but it didn't do him any good.

Finally one of the guests, a huge man all dressed in black leather walked up to
me.

"Your fucking dog has a problem, Master Harold." he said in a gruff voice.

"He's got a Master that don't know how to prepare his dog for pissin'.  Gim'me
that leash." he said grabbing the leash out of my hand.

"Come on dog, we gonna teach ya how ta piss." he said yanking roughly on the
leash and walking away.  

Twink gave a little choking sound but quickly dropped his leg and scrambled
after the guy.    The guy was walking just a little bit faster than Twink could
crawl and so he was being half dragged as he moved his arms and legs as quickly
as he could.

I was terrified.   These guys were Master's, but they really had no right to
take Twinky from me, I was his trainer.   What about Charlie, would he be pissed
at me for letting them?    But they were real Master's, I was just a slave
playing at being a Master.   My duty was to always obey a Master, so I just
stood there totally confused.    Then out a corner of my eye I caught sight of
Pete.   I hurried over to him.

"Pete what the fuck is going on.   He wasn't supposed to take Twink was he?" I
stammered.

"It's ok, Harold.   We knew this would happen.  Remember the first time you
tried to pee as Dinky when someone was watching, you couldn't, right."  he said.

"Yes, I remember." I answered.

"Well we were pretty sure Twink wouldn't be able to either.   Master Buxton and
his friends are just going to have a little fun with Twink, they won't hurt him
so don't worry.  This was really more a test to see how you would react than a
test for Twink." he said.

"A test for me?   Oh, shit.  I knew it.  I fucked it up didn't I.   I shouldn't
have let him take Twink like that.  Damned I am fucking useless."  I said in
disgust.

"Whoa, whoa, hold on there.   No you didn't do wrong, as a matter of fact you
passed with flying colours.   You knew your place and you obeyed a Master.  
That was the test Harold,  under duress would you obey a Master that was doing
something you considered wrong.   You obeyed without question, you passed." he
said smiling.

Well he may have thought that was great but I sure as hell didn't.    I was
slowly becoming one of them, even though I hated the idea.   I suddenly didn't
like myself very much, but smiled to hide that from Pete.

"Let's go watch.   Twink might get a little embarrassed, but he will also have
fun." he said starting off towards where they had taken Twink.

"Now tell me, did you ever see a dog with such a tiny little cock?" Master
Buxton was asking the crowd.

He had Twink up on a table.  One of the other guys was holding the kids left leg
up and Master Buxton was fondling his cock and balls.

"Why I know of miniature Poodles that have bigger cocks than this.    You poor
doggie," he said, rubbing a hand through Twink's hair.

Poor Twink was beet red again.   I'd be willing to bet the poor kid would like
to dig a very deep hole just about now and crawl in.

"Now do you know why you couldn't piss, doggie?" he asked.

Please remember to bark, Twink, I said silently to myself.

"Rrrough, rrrough."  (No) he answered and I let out a sigh of relief.

"Well this dog is not completely hopeless, he can understand his Master." he
bellowed, and the crowd cheered.

"Ok, doggie we are going to help you have a pee." 

One of his cohorts handed him a bottle of beer which he opened.   Another
brought over a large bowl of potato chips.   He dumped the chips onto the table
and Master Buxton poured the beer into the bowl.  He placed the bowl in front of
Twink, then took off his heavy leather belt.

"Ok, dog here's the deal.   The crowd is going to count to fifty, by the time
they reach fifty all the beer better be gone from the bowl or you get ten lashes
across your back with this belt.   Now go."  he yelled.

Twink lowered his head into the bowl and I could hear the first loud slurp but
then that sound was lost by the crowd counting.

"Not going to hurt him you said." I whispered accusingly in Pete's ear.

"He will finish the beer before they get through the count.   Charlie warned
them within an inch of their lives not to do anything that would cause Twink
pain." he answered in an annoyed tone.

Oh, fuck I've done it again, and I would be willing to bet he would report my
comments to Charlie.

"Sorry Pete,  one of these days I am going to learn, but it is so difficult." I
whispered again.

"It's ok, Harold.  I understand.   I know how hard you are trying and that is
all that is really important." he said with a small smile.

"Thanks." I said just loud enough for him to hear.

The crowd had only reached forty when Twink lifted his head from the bowl.  
Buxton looked in the bowl and declared Twink the winner.

"Ok doggie, beg pretty." Buxton said, snapping his fingers above Twink's head. 

With no choice, Twink lifted himself up exposing his package fully to the crowd.
His six and three quarter inches stuck straight out and precum was still
dripping out in long strings.

"Where's the bitch?"  Buxton yelled out.

"Here Sir." a voice cried out from the crowd.

"Get your sorry ass over here Bitch.   This poor doggie's got a cock that needs
attention."

A young man, around my age by the looks of him came hurrying out of the crowd.  
He was completely naked, around 6' , 200 and well muscled.  This lad spent many
hours in the weight room that was for sure.   He had a weight attached to his
nuts and it hung down to his knees and was bouncing all around as he hurried
over.   As he approached Master Buxton, I also noticed that he was uncut and
that the foreskin had been sewn together with rough twine, parts of the twine
were blood soaked.   The boy was in a bit of pain.

As soon as he was in front of Buxton he dropped like a stone onto his knees,
bent over and kissed Buxton's boots.  Once he had kissed both boots he placed
his forehead on the ground and waited for permission to move.

"Get up you useless piece of shit." Buxton bellowed.

Suddenly I hated this Master Buxton with a passion.    It wouldn't take much to
convince me to run a knife through the prick.

The boy stood up quickly.   Buxton reached out and grabbed the lad's nuts and
squeezed, the lad went white, but not a sound left his lips.   He held his pain
inside.   Then Buxton wrapped a meaty hand around the lads cock and began to
wank it cruelly.

To my utter amazement the cock began to get  hard.   The boy was being turned on
by all this rough treatment.   I just couldn't understand how it was possible.

Buxton continued to wank the boys now fully erect cock, fresh blood started to
ooze through the stitches.

"Open your mouth Bitch." Buxton ordered.

The lad complied right away.   Buxton honked up some phlegm or spit or something
from deep in his throat and spit into the lads mouth.   The lad closed his mouth
and I watched as he swallowed.   I think I turned a little green at this point.

But it got worse.  A couple of the other Master's came foreword and for each one
Buxton gave the boy the order to open his mouth.   Each of the Master's in turn
spit into his mouth and he swallowed.   All the while Buxton continued to wank
the boy.

Suddenly the lad went ridged.  He was blowing his load inside his sealed up
foreskin.   I could see the foreskin ballooning up from the cum being pumped in.  
When the lads ejaculations stopped Buxton stopped wanking.

"That's all the treats you get for today, now get your sorry ass over there and
suck that poor dogs cock." he ordered.

The lad rushed over to the table where Twink was still in the beg position.   He
began by licking the puddle of precum from the top of the table before heading
for the cock.

"Did I give you permission to drink up that precum, Bitch?" Buxton bellowed.

"No Sir." he answered.

"Right that will be one hundred lashes with the whip tonight and I will leave
you strung up all night.  One of these fucking days you will learn your place. 
Now get on with the job you were given."  Buxton bellowed so practically
everyone in the city of Toronto could hear him, I thought.
  
Bitch must have been one hell of an experienced cock sucker.   In just a few
moments he had Twink panting like hell.   His doggie hips were thrusting to meet
the inward stroke of the Bitches head.

The Twink began to whine, not moan, whine,  the little fucker was playing the
part to the hilt.   I guess he must have really took everything I told him to
heart.   Well that was good, it would save him a lot of grief later.

Then all of a sudden Twink let out one hell of a howl.   I mean he just put his
head back and let it rip.   The sound bounced off the walls of the buildings
surrounding the courtyard.   It caused all talking and shuffling around to
cease.    All that could be heard was Twink's howls of pleasure as he unloaded
his seed into the throat of Bitch.

Bitch pulled off Twink's cock and did a few last, quick licks.   Then moved away
and went down into the rest position.   The crowd went wild, they cheered, they
clapped and they screamed out their pleasure at what they had just witnessed.

"Wait till Charlie hears about this.   Twink just earned himself another reward.  
Bet Charlie let's him have a big steak dinner tonight."  Pete said quietly close
to my ear.

"That really was an awesome sight Pete, he really does deserve something for
that performance." I replied.

"Well now Twinky doggie, do you feel better."  Buxton asked.

"Rrrough."  (Yes) Twink answered.

"Well dog I think you deserve a reward."  he said, turning to the crowd.

"What do you all think, has the dog earned a reward?"  he bellowed.

"Yeah." roared the crowd.

Then a lone voice from the crowd said:

"What about the Bitch.  He did good as well?"

"Hey, your right.  The Bitch did do good."  Buxton yelled back.

He then turned to the Bitch and said:

"You did good Bitch, for your reward I will add fifty more lashes to the hundred
you got coming later tonight."  then he laughed and the crowd laughed with him.

Fucking asshole, I thought.

Buxton took a beer and opened it.   He brought the bottle to Twink's lips.

"Here you go dog, bottoms up."  he said as he tipped the bottle back and held it
in Twink's mouth.

Twink swallowed some and then went to pull away but Buxton was quick and placed
a big hand behind Twink's head and tilted it back.   He continued to hold the
bottle in Twink's mouth and the liquid was pouring in.

Twink was swallowing as fast as he could but the liquid was leaving the bottle
faster than he could swallow.  The beer started to dribble from between Twink's
lips and was soon running down his chest and onto and around his cock and balls.  
It almost looked like Twink was having a beer piss.

Once the bottle was empty, Buxton pulled it away and set it down on the table.

"Are you ready to piss against that tree now dog?" he asked.

"Rrrough."  (Yes) Twink answered.

A couple of Master's stepped forward and lifted Twink off of the table and
placed him gently on the ground.   Then Buxton started walking towards the tree. 
The crowd followed.

"Ok dog, now do your business." Buxton ordered.

Twink crawled up to the tree, lifted his right leg and opened his bladder, a
steady, hot stream of yellow piss splashed out against the tree.   The crowd
went wild again.  Buxton, turned and looked towards me.

"Here you go Master Harold.   If I can be of assistance again in the future, why
just call." he said handing me Twink's leash and walking away before I could say
anything.

The fun and games were over so the crowd just followed him back, leaving just
the three of us, Pete, Twink and I, beside the tree.

"Lift your leg again, Twink." I said.  "I have to wipe your dick off so you
don't end up with piss burns."

He lifted his leg and I pulled the little cloth from my pocket to dry him.   We
all three then headed back to the cell room.

The big surprise was that Charlie was there, along with Larry and Pat, waiting
for us.

"Come here dog."  Charlie called affectionately to Twink.

As Twink crawled up Charlie bent down and rubbed Twink's head.  He put a hand in
his pocket and pulled something out.   His hand then moved to Twink's mouth.

"Here ya go boy, a treat." he said, as he continued to rub Twink's head.

I saw Twink's suddenly make a terrible face.   That fucking prick Charlie had
placed one of those spicy, foul tasting things into Twink's mouth.    I
remembered them from Granger's garden party when the bastard kept jamming them
in my mouth.

I watched as Twink chewed it up fast and swallowed, just to get the damned thing
out of his mouth.  

"Did you enjoy your treat, Twink?"  Charlie asked.

"Rrrough."  (Yes) Twink answered, he really didn't have any other choice, unless
he wanted to pay a very dear price for it.

"Well have another then." Charlie said with a smile, pulling another of the foul
things from his pocket and jamming it in Twink's mouth.

He gave Twink's head another rub then stood up.

"Ok, I am happy with what you have accomplished, Harold.    And I am very
pleased with Twink, as well.    You  may get him out of the outfit now and take
him to the pool for a swim.   He can have an hour in the pool.    I have also
ordered a special dinner for him tonight." Charlie said to me with a big smile.

That made me feel good.   I had been so afraid that I was going to be punished
for letting Buxton take Twink.   Even though Pete had said I had done well,
there was always the chance that Charlie might not agree.    Now that he had
given me a bit of praise, I relaxed.

"Yes Sir." I replied.

"You guys have done so well that I am going to let you have your first live
practice tomorrow night in the bar.    You will have three practices and I want
you all to put on a real good show for the patrons.    The practices will be at
7, 9 and 11 pm.   Any questions?"

"No Sir." I answered.

"Good." he said, then turned and left the room.

Pete and Larry picked Twink up and placed him on the table.   In less than five
minutes all the doggie outfit had been removed.

"Are you and Larry coming to the pool with us?"  I asked Pete.

"No, Harold, we both have something we have been neglecting and better get at it
before Charlie gets after us." he laughed.

"Ok, but I want to thank you both for all the help.   I could never have done
this without you." I said, meaning every word.

"Hey, it's ok Harold.   We are all members of the same family now and we are
supposed to help each other."  he said as both he and Larry headed off, leaving
Twink and I alone.

"Well Twink you did one hell of a job this afternoon and Master Charlie is very
happy with you.   Do you like to swim?"  I asked.

"Yes Sir." he said.

"Ok, let's go relax for a while." I said heading towards the door.

Twink followed right behind.   For the first time since I took over his training
I let him walk like a man, instead of crawling.

There were half a dozen other guys using the pool and they had a water polo game
going.   Twink and I picked up a couple of spare polo bats and jumped in.

The hour we spent in the pool was a great load of fun.   I felt like a kid
again.  After a good hot shower to remove the chlorine we headed back to the
cell room.

I locked Twink in his cell then headed to the bar to find out where to go from
here.   I had not been given any instructions beyond the one hour of pool time.

Pat was sitting at the table with Charlie.   As I approached he looked up and
gave me a smile.    We had not been together for a few nights because Pat has
been tied up with lots of work.   Some of it, I was supposed to be helping with,
but Charlie had changed his mind and given me Twink to work with.

I pulled out a chair and sat down.   Charlie finished what he was saying to Pat
then looked at me.

"How did the pool go, Harold?"  he asked.

"Twink enjoyed himself and totally relaxed Sir." I said.

"What about you?  Did you enjoy yourself?"

"Oh, yes Sir.   I think I needed that as much as Twink did Sir.   I had become
rather up tight the last couple of days." I answered truthfully.

"That's why I sent you both to the pool, not for Twink, but for you.   I
probably made a mistake letting Twink have fun so soon into his training, but
you needed to relax and you just wouldn't have done it without Twink." he said
with a sardonic smile twisting his lips.

I was about to protest, but he cut me off.

"I can read you like a book, Harold.   You are a softy, a sentimentalist.   You
will always side with the underdog.    You don't like forcing Twink to do these
things and it has made you very uptight.  By letting you have some free time
with him, to just be yourselves is the only way I can get you to relax and
release that tension."

"Yes Sir, I guess you are right." I replied.

"Damned right I'm right.    Tomorrow you must take up the training again, but I
will guarantee that you will do it with a much lighter heart then if I hadn't
given you the past hour."  he paused and looked deep into my eyes again.

"Ok, now what did you want.   I can see that you are just itching to ask me
something, so go ahead."

"Well I have no instructions on what to do with Twink from this point on.   You
mentioned that he would get a treat for his dinner tonight, but I have no
details, Sir."  I said.

"Mmmm well I may regret this, but I am going to let you take him to the games
room tonight.    He can have the whole evening to relax and get to see some of
the fun side of being a slave.   Unlike you Harold, Twink has accepted his new
life.   I am positive he will be a good slave, and will enjoy the life
thoroughly."

"Well I am trying very hard, Sir.   It just has not been very easy for me.   I
loved my freedom, Sir, and I still long for it." I replied, figuring I might as
well be honest.

"I know that Harold, that is what I admire about you.  Although you are a wuss,
you also have a very strong pride in who you are.   I caught that the first time
you walked in here and it drew me too you like iron to a magnet.   I knew
immediately that I wanted you on my team.  Harold, all of your training is
toward that end, making you a valued member of my team."  he said softly and
from the heart.

It was a side of Charlie that he very seldom displayed.  For just a moment, I
liked him, but then reality set back in.  Oh sure, I would honestly admit that I
had grown fond of living here.   There were some aspects of it that were great,
in fact a whole lot of it was great.   But there was that one thing that I just
didn't like or approve of,  having to blindly obey guys like Charlie, Dieter,
Granger and Buxton.

"Henry will whip up one of his great steak dinners for the two of you.   He will
deliver it to the cell room, or if you prefer you can take Twink to your room
and Henry will serve you dinner there." he said.

My room!  He would let me take Twink to my room.   I had better double check to
make sure I heard properly.

"To my room, Sir?"  I asked, almost stupefied.

"Well you would be much more comfortable there.   As well that big soft bed
would be a great place to practice taking his pussy.    Let's face it Harold you
need lots of practice.   Of course if you prefer you can just suck each other." 
and he broke out in a bout of almost uncontrolled laugher.

I had to admit that the way he had said it, it was funny and I broke out
laughing as well.   Pat was doubled over and tears had formed in his eyes.  Once
we all got the laughter under control, Charlie gave me some more instructions.  
Twink was to be placed in doggie mode first thing in the morning and would have
his breakfast in the bar.   Then he told me to go let Henry know where to
deliver the meals and then get back to Twink.

I thanked him and headed for the kitchen.   This could end up being a real fun
evening I thought, much better than hurting and humiliating the boy.  Charlie
was going to do that in the morning, you can bet your boots on it.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com

A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 25

Twinky Doggie in the Bar

Twink was speechless when I opened the door and ushered him into my room.  He
stood there for the longest time, his mouth hanging open, just looking
everywhere.

"Is this really your apartment, Sir?" he finally asked.

"Yes, Twink it is." I answered.

"Wow, bet if must be expensive."  he muttered.

"Expensive?" I responded quizzically.

"Your rent I mean." he said.

"Oh." I laughed.  "No,  I don't pay rent.   This is the room Master Charlie
assigned to me after my training."

"He gives his slaves rooms like this?" he asked unbelieving.

"Yes Twink, I found it hard to believe as well, but this is the room he assigned
to me."

"I've never had a room of my own." he said sadly.

"Had to share with my two brothers and my sister.  Rosie had her own bed, but
Chad, Tobias and I shared."

"Well I have no idea where Charlie will accommodate you after your training, but
I imagine you will at least have your own bed." I said.

"I think I could live with that."  he replied his beautiful, blue eyes
sparkling.

"Had you ever had a male-male relationship before you were brought here, Twink?"
I asked.

"Well....." he hesitated.

"Oh go on, don't be shy." I encouraged him.

"Yes I guess I did, kind of.   I had a real good friend when I was 12.   We were
best buds, if you know what I mean."

I nodded that I did.

"Well his parents had more money than mine so he had a better apartment and even
his own room.   I would stay over at his place once in a while.    I am not sure
when or why, but we started feeling each other,  ya know.....touching, after the
lights were out."  he explained, his face just a little flushed.

"It went from feeling to wanking each other.  Sometimes we would have contests
to see who could cum the fastest when we wanked each other,  but we never did
anything like sucking, Sir.    His parents moved to another city when I was
around 14 I guess .   I have never seen or heard from him since.   But that was
my only experience."

"What about with girls?" I asked.

"No, Sir not yet.   A couple of times I got close, but the girls backed down at
the last minute.  " he answered his face getting even redder.

"So until you came here the only real sex you had was with your five fingered
pussy, that right?" why the hell was I embarrassing him with these dumb
questions?

"Yes Sir." he answered hesitatingly.

"Do you like having sex with other guys, Twink?"

"At first I didn't Sir, but I do now.   It is really great and so much better
than the hand Sir." he answered.

"Well Twink we have almost an hour to kill before Harry brings our dinner, wanna
hop into bed with me?" I asked luridly.

"Yes Sir." he said, his voice full of enthusiasm.

We had a great evening.   Dinner was excellent.  We went to the games room
played a few games of pool then hurried back to my room for more sucking,
neither of us really liked being a top.   I took him back to his cell at 11 pm, 
I would liked to have kept him in my bed all night, but Charlie had not given me
permission.  I gave Twink a kiss, then locked the cell door and went back to my
room.

Pete and Larry were just entering the cell room when I arrived the next morning.  
They went to the table to get things ready while I opened the cell and let Twink
go to the toilet and then have a shower.   He was already under the shower when
I remembered that he had to shave every day now, so took him a razor with new
blades.

While Twink showered and shaved, Pete, Larry and I discussed the morning
schedule which would begin after Charlie released Twink from doggie duty in the
bar.

We decided that we would have a full dress rehearsal.  Larry and I would suit
up.  We figured it might be possible to run through it three times before lunch,
depending on how long Charlie kept Twinky doggie in the bar.

We were just finishing off our plans for the afternoon, which included a good
work out in the gym and then into the pool, when Twink appeared.

"Ok, Twink up on the table.   Time to go into doggie mode." I ordered.

He got up on the table and onto his hands and knees without having to be told
to.   Pete and Larry moved in to start dressing him.

"Master Charlie wants you to have breakfast with him this morning Twink.   But
you will have to do that as Twinky doggie.    Now a word of warning, eat
whatever you are served and make sure you lick up anything you spill." I
instructed.

"Yes, Sir." he answered.

"Also Master Charlie may decide to show you off.   He may tell you to go around
to all the tables.   If so try to do it like a dog would, always think dog. 
Some of the guys in the bar may want you to suck their cocks.  Do it.  It is a
normal part of doggie duties when in the bar."

Pete came forward with the eye piece.

"Ok, in just a moment the eye piece will be put in place and you become, Twinky
doggie.    Don't forget you must never speak or act like a human while in doggie
mode. Ok?"

"Yes, Sir." he answered.

Pete placed the eye piece on his head and I could just imagine his
consternation.    That eye piece was a terrible torture weapon.

"As you have now noticed seeing through the eye piece is not exactly a big
thrill.   If you want to focus on something turn one eye towards it and close
the other.   You will find that the easiest way, Twinky." I said, rubbing his
head.

I attached his collar and the guys lifted him off the table and down to the
floor.   We left for the bar right away.

The first thing I noticed when we entered the bar was that it was almost full.   
Charlie must have passed the word around that a new doggie would be present for
breakfast.  Poor Twink, I had a feeling he was going to get more than his fill
of cum this morning.

I walked him over and handed Charlie the leash.  Charlie looked down, smiled and
placed his hand on Twink's head, then began to scratch him behind the ear.

"Good morning Twinky." he greeted.

Twink shook his rear so the tail would wag.   Charlie took note of that and I
could see that it made him very, very happy.

"Good boy.   Happy to see your Master, huh." he said.

"Rrrough." (Yes) Twink barked.

Twink, it would seem was having fun.   He liked this shit by the look of things. 
Well maybe he still had a lot of kid left in him, after all he still looked very
young.

"That's a good dog." Charlie praised.

"Are you hungry boy?" he asked.

"Rrrough."  (Yes) Twink answered.

"Well just lay yourself down here while I get that lazy, good for nothing
kitchen slut to get your breakfast." he said.

Twink got himself down with no problem and placed his head in his paws.

"Harry!" Charlie bellowed. 

"Get your ass in here."

A moment later Harry, dressed in fresh whites, came quickly shuffling from the
kitchen.

"We got us a new dog here Harry.  He is a great dog and deserves a really good
breakfast.   Now you go out back to the garbage cans and you find him some real
nice left over's from last night.  If any of it has coffee grounds or dirt on
it, make sure you wipe it off."  he ordered.

"Yes Sir." Harry said limping back to the kitchen.

I had been watching Twink during this exchange because I was kind of half
expecting Charlie to pull a dirty trick like that, he had done it to me.

At the mention of garbage cans out back his head came up.  He turned one eye
towards me, I wondered if he was focusing in on my face.   I was helpless to do
anything for him.   So I just kept a blank look on my face and quickly averted
his stare.

It didn't take Harry long.   He came shuffling back with the double sided dog
dish in his hand.   He went right to Charlie so he could inspect the food first.

"This shit doesn't look like it came from a fucking garbage can, Harry." he
growled.

"Yes Sir, it did Sir.   They was a lot of food throwd out last night.  I just
grabbed a hand full and dropped it in the dish, Sir." Harry defended himself.

"Well you can take it right back out into the alley and drop it on the fucking
ground and kick it around a little.  I don't want this fucking dog to get Ritz
Carlton tastes.  He is only a mongrel and is used to eating out of garbage
cans." Charlie practically yelled.

Harry scooted off back to the kitchen as fast as his gimp leg would carry him.  
Charlie was on a rampage this morning, it wouldn't do for any slave to piss him
off.    He got real carried away with his punishments when he was in this kind
of mood.

About five minutes or so later, Harry returned and passed the bowl to Charlie
for inspect.

"Is that the sloppiest slops we have, Harry?" he asked.

"Yes Sir." he answered.

"We are throwing away an awful lot of good food while all around the world kids
a starving to death.  Well this looks too good for the dog, lets see if we can
make it just a little more palatable for him.   Spit in it, Harry." Charlie
ordered.

Harry of course spit in Twink's breakfast.  Twink's head shot up, I could
imagine what he was thinking, I remembered when something similar happened to
me.   But on that occasion after Charlie forced Harry take the dish around and
get everyone to spit in it, he made Harry eat it.   I wouldn't be a bit
surprised if that wasn't running around in Harry's head as well.

"Now take it around and let everyone honk in it.   That should give it lots of
gravy, it does look rather dry."  Charlie ordered.

Harry took it around and of course all the fucking assholes spit in Twink's
breakfast.  My only fear was that Harry would place that bowl in front of me.  
Would I be able to do it?   I didn't know and didn't want to find out.    But I
was quaking inside just the same.

Harry didn't make it all the way around the room.  He had only been about half
way round when he came back to the table.  

"The bowl is full, Master Charlie, Sir." he said.

Charlie looked in the bowl and sure enough it was almost overflowing.  He picked
up a spoon and stirred all the spit into the food.   I noticed that a few of the
assholes had spit in the water instead of the food and the goop was floating on
top.

"There that should do it.   A nice wholesome breakfast for my new dog.  Take it
to him Harry." he ordered.

Harry placed the bowl down in front of Twink.   All the exuberance of being a
dog had left him.   He didn't wag the tail as he stood up and turned his head so
he could look into the bowls.   And that is all he did, was look.   I could see
that Charlie was getting impatient.

"Eat up Twinky, you have a long day ahead and will need all the energy you can
get." he said kindly.

Twink didn't pay him any attention.   He just kept looking down at what he knew
was a foul concoction of garbage and spit.   I suddenly realized that the only
way Twink would eat that shit was if Charlie were to provide a strong enough
incentive.   I also knew that Charlie would, more than enough in fact.

"Pete." Charlie bellowed.

"This fucking dog needs to be taught not to be fussy."

"Yes Sir." Pete said getting up and coming around the table.  Charlie handed him
the leash.

"Your his fucking trainer, Harold."  Charlie growled.  

"Go help Pete."

"Yes Sir." I replied getting up quick.

"Go get a pair of rubber gloves from behind the bar, Harold." Pete said as I
caught up to him.

I did as I was told and then headed into the men's room.   Pete was standing
outside the last stall.    This one was larger than the others.   I walked to
him.

"You are not going to like this Harold, but that is too fucking bad.   You will
do exactly as I tell you and if you fail you can bet you will be having hot,
bloody balls for breakfast."

I went white, I am sure.

"Give me the gloves." he ordered.

I handed him the gloves and he slipped them on quickly.    They were those latex
kind that are used by medical people.

"Twink, you must never, ever refuse an order given by Master Charlie or any
other Master for that matter.   What I am going to do is teach you a lesson.  
It is not a fun lesson.  Not for me, not for Harold and definitely not for you.  
But I am going to teach it too you anyway.   When the lesson is over we will go
back to the bar and you will eat your fucking breakfast." he said, his voice
full of anger.

He opened the stall door and walked in and gave a yank on Twink's leash.   Twink
crawled in, but his steps were hesitant steps.  He hadn't gone far before he
realized the full impact of what this lesson was going to be.

I did though, right from the first moment  I saw Pete head into the toilet.   I
still remembered a hunk of shit that had got caught in my throat when I tried to
kill myself while they were doing this to me.
Now here I was about to do this very same evil fucking act to a boy to whom I
had made love less than fifteen hours ago.   I was really starting to hate
myself.

"Get your fucking head right over the bowl Twink."  Pete ordered.

Twink didn't want to obey, but he did.   I could see the shiver of fear travel
down his back as his face went over the foul stinking mess  in the bowl.    He
had the eye piece on so probably could not see that mess very well.

"I am going to remove the eye piece Twink just to protect it.   You however will
remain in doggie mode." Pete said as he bent over and unfastened the eye piece
and removed it.   

He handed it to me and I took it out and placed it on the sink counter.

As soon as the eye piece was removed, Twink saw the horrible brown mess in the
toilet bowl.   He looked up at Pete and shook his head in the universal sign for
No.

"Never mind looking for fucking pity, Twink.   Harold warned you this morning to
eat whatever was put in front of you.  You refused, well now you pay the price
for refusing." he said.

"Harold, you will get on Twink's back and make sure he doesn't stand up.   He is
to keep his front paws flat on the floor at all times.  If he lifts them he will
be whipped tonight after the rehearsal.  Now get on him." Pete ordered.

I climbed onto Twink's back, I was much bigger and stronger than he so this
would not be a problem at all, physically.   What it was doing to my head was
another matter entirely.

Pete placed a hand on Twink's head and without any warning pushed the boys head
into the foul mixture in the bowl.   He held it there and I watched as his lips
silently counted.

It wasn't long before Twink started to struggle.   I don't know if he managed to
take a deep breath before Pete had plunged his head in or not.   My guess was
that he hadn't.   He needed air and was now struggling to get it.

But Pete continued to hold the boys head down and count.  Twink's struggles
became stronger and more violent.   The boy was in real need of air now.   How
long had it been, a minute, two.   I don't know because I didn't start counting
when Pete did.

Finally after what seemed forever, Pete released the pressure on Twink's head
and he came up gasping.   Pete reached into the foul mix and pulled something up
which he began to rub furiously into  Twink's face.   Twink was spitting and
gasping for air at the same time.   That didn't phase Pete in the slightest.  He
reached back into the bowl and pulled out more shit and rubbed that in Twink's
face as well.

He then peeled off the fouled glove and threw it into the toilet bowl and pushed
the plunger.   The foul goopy mess flushed away and the bowl filled with clear
water.

"Hold him there Harold, I will be back in a few moments." Pete said as he left.

"I am really sorry this happened Twink, I tried to warn you this morning." I
whispered close to his ear.

"Don't say anything, they will hear you."

He continued to spit out the crap that Pete had rubbed into his mouth, and his
breathing started to come back to normal.  Pete returned a few moments later.

He took up a position by the bowl and bent over.

"I am going to start washing the shit off your face Twinky.   Just keep still
and it won't be long.   Then we will go over by the sink and Harold will use
warm soap and water to clean you up good."  he told the still spitting boy.

Pete dipped the cloth in the cold, clear toilet water and began to wash Twink's
face.  It didn't take long before the water was a horrible brown colour.   Pete
flushed and continued to clean Twink.   He finally had all the shit off  and we
got Twink to back out of the stall.

I took him over to the sink where Pete had placed a bottle of liquid bath soap
and a fresh cloth.   I filled a sink with warm water, dipped the cloth in and
then pumped some of the soap onto the cloth.

"Keep your eyes closed Twink, this soap will probably burn if it gets in your
eyes."

I washed his face 5 times using fresh water for each wash and rinse.   He didn't
stink anymore so I figured I had him clean.

"How's your mouth still got shit in it?" I asked.

"Rrrough."  (Yes) he answered.

"Get yourself up into the beg position and then get in close to the sink.   I
will fill my cupped hands with water and you can rinse your mouth a few times.  
Afraid it is the best I can do right now, I don't have a tooth brush with me."

After I had him all cleaned up I took him back to the table and gave Charlie the
leash.

"Is my little doggie hungry?" Charlie asked.

"Rrrough."  (Yes) Twink answered.

"Is he going to eat his num, nums?" he asked in baby talk.

"Rrrough."  (Yes) Twink answered again, he didn't have any choice.

"Good boy, now go ahead and eat."

Twink bent over and began to eat the slop from the bowl.   I could see that it
was all he could do the hold it down.   Damn why did Charlie have to be so
fucking cruel all the time?

When the food and water was all gone, Charlie picked up the bowl.   A few bits
had slopped onto the floor and of course Charlie had Twink bend over and lick
them up.

He then played his little, "embarrass the shit out of the slave", games.  He had
Twink beg, then roll over, do a scratch and then the worst part, go around and
say good morning to everyone.    This was the part the patrons loved.   Their
opportunity to play a part in destroying another young mans self-esteem.

The morning was moving along really quickly.   It was after ten and Twink was
still making the rounds.    By my count he was now sucking his twentieth cock of
the morning.   It was Pete that finally found the balls to tell Charlie that
this was cutting into Twink's training schedule.

"Oh fuck yeah, I forgot about tonight.   We have to have him out of that outfit
by noon, don't we?" he stated.

"Yes Sir and we wanted to run through the routine at least a couple of time's so
that Harold can learn to hold on without falling off."

"Ok,  I'll call him back and you can get on with the training." he smiled.

"Twinky doggie, come here boy.   That's a good dog.   Come on boy." he called
just like he was calling a real dog.

Twink had a cock down his throat when Charlie called.   He pulled his head off
and hurried to Charlie.  His eye piece was covered in cum.   Some was still wet,
but some had dried and become crusty.

As soon as he got there, Charlie handed me the leash which I attached to Twink's 
collar and led him to the cell room.

Pete and Larry were already there, having gone on ahead.  Pete removed the eye
piece so Twink could see again, and Larry pulled out the tail.

"You are out of doggie mode Twink." he said.

"But you will be staying in the outfit for a while.  Why don't you go and lay on
the mat over there while Larry and Harold get ready." he said in a friendly
manner.

It was hard to believe that a couple of hours ago he was rubbing shit in the
kids face.  Now he was treating him like a friend.   I don't think I will ever
understand what must go through his mind.  But there was one thing I knew for
sure, I could never, ever be like them,  I would rather be dead.

"Well I guess we will get you ready first Harold." Pete said.   Pat will be here
shortly to help get Larry ready."

"Ok." I replied heading for the table and getting up on my hands and knees.

Five minutes later they were lifting me down to the floor.

I started to walk over to the mat to join Twink, when the door opened and Pat
came in.

"Hi guys, gonna be having yourselves some fun huh." he said with a laugh.

"Wanna join us?" I asked playfully.

"I would just love to see what you look like in Dicky mode."

Larry and Pete both broke out laughing.

"He looks real cute, Harold." Larry said.

"Just the sweetest little puppy you ever saw."

"Much cuter than that ugly mutt, Stinky." Pat rejoined.

We were all laughing, except Twink.   He didn't look all that happy.   I had a
feeling it was going to take a while before he got over having his head pushed
into a bowl of shit.

Larry crawled up onto the table and stood on his hands and knees while Pat and
Pete started to get him ready.  A few moments later my wondering about what
colour Stinky would be, was answered.   Gray.

He was gray, just like Tramp from Lady and the Tramp.   He even looked a bit
like Tramp.  I couldn't help but giggle.

Once outfitted, they lifted him to the ground and he made his way over.

"Ok, I think we have got to figure out some kind of routine for tonight." Pete
suggested.

"Perhaps something like Twink leading the way in and around the bar.   Passing
by all the tables.   Harold would be right behind, sniffing his ass and nuts.   
If Twink stops then Harold should try and get under his belly to lick at his
cock.  Larry would do the same for Harold.  What do you think?"  Pete asked.

"Yes, that would go over real well." Pat replied.

"Sounds good to me, too." Larry spoke up.

"Well I ain't too keen on any of this, but will do whatever you guys decide." I
blurted.

Twink didn't say anything.

"What do you think, Twink?" Pete asked.

He turned his head and gave the evilest look I have ever seen in my life.  If
looks could kill Pete would be lying dead on the floor.

"I am just a slave, Sir.  I have no opinions." he said flatly.

The room went deadly quiet.  Pete just realized that he had a deadly enemy.   I
had a feeling little Twink would never forgive Pete.  In fact I had a feeling
that little Twink no longer wanted or was really willing to be, a slave.   
Charlie had made a very big mistake this morning.    He had destroyed a good
slave.

"Would everyone please leave for a few moments.   I think Twink and I have to
have a talk."  Pete asked.

He didn't have to ask twice, Pat held the door open for Larry and I.   We filed
out into the hallway to give Pete a chance to work out this problem with Twink.

I estimate it took Pete a good half hour.   When he opened the door he had a
smile on his face.

"Ok, Larry and Harold go to the bathroom, Twink is already there.  He will lead
you guys in.   Remember Harold act like a male dog in heat.   Sniff Twink's ass
and balls, you want to fuck him.  You want to fuck him real bad but he keeps
moving, so you sniff and get in the odd lick instead.  Ok?"  Pete instructed.

"Ok." I answered as I headed for the bathroom.

The bathroom door was propped open and Twink was just inside the door as I
entered.  He gave me a big smile, which made me feel better right away.   I had
not been too happy having been a part of his poor treatment and thought he was
mad at me as well.

"I understand a few things better now, Sir." he said quietly.

"I will do a good job and make you proud of me, Sir." he said.

"Thanks Twink, that makes me very happy." I replied.

"Come on Harold, get the fuck out of the way so I can get in too."  Larry said
from behind me.

"Ah hold onto your fucking tail and do a swan dance." I sneered over my
shoulder.

Pat and Larry broke out into loud laughter.

"If you guys don't stop playing comedy hour we are never going to get this
damned thing practiced." Pete called out.

"Well there's another circus heard from."  Larry responded.

"Ok, Twink.  Whenever you are ready, lead on and we shall follow, like sheep to
the slaughter." Larry said.

"Stick with torture, Larry."  I said.  "You will never make it as a comedian."

Twink had started moving so I closed up and started sniffing.   It's a damned
good thing we have enemas.   I sure as hell wouldn't have wanted to be sniffing
a dirty asshole all evening.

Pete must have given Twink some instructions on what to do once he entered the
room, because he started wandering around as if there were tables.

I followed behind sniffing and licking at his ass and balls.   He stopped a
couple of times and I scurried to his side, got my head under him and licked at
his dick, which was hard and resting against his abdomen.  Larry was doing the
same to me.  I had to admit this was one hell of a turn on.   I was excited and
my breathing and heart rate had speeded up considerably.

Finally we reached what was supposed to be the stage area.   It was actually a
large mat placed against the wall.   Twink climbed onto the mat and went almost
to the other side to make sure Larry would be on it as well, then he stopped.

That was my cue to climb up on his back.  I had been licking around his rosebud,
so it was well lubed.   I squiggled myself in until I felt the head of my dick
touch his hot ass.  I almost blew my load, right there and then.

I stopped and took a couple of deep breaths to try and calm myself down.

"What's wrong, Harold?" Pete asked.

"Oh, nothing Pete.   This is just one hell of a bigger turn on then I expected
and I am ready to blow.  Just trying to calm down a bit.   I don't imagine
Master Charlie would be too pleased if I dumped my load before I even got in." 
I said with a bit of a laugh.

"Well by tonight you will have done it a couple of times so that should not be a
problem.  Your just one big sex pot, Harold."  he laughed.

"Take your time.   This is mainly to practice holding on anyway.   Sure hope you
don't get so excited you fall off while shooting."  he laughed again.

"Forget it Pete, I ain't going to fall off.  Larry won't let me."  it was my
turn to laugh.

All of this Tom Foolery helped me calm down and I figured I could get in with
out blowing too soon.  I had held my dick up against Twink's hole the whole
time, while I calmed down.    My precum was all over his rosebud.  When I pushed
forward my hard, throbbing cock slid right in.

I tried to get a rhythm going but couldn't.  Doing this with my ankles strapped
to my thighs was a lot more difficult then I thought it would be.   It actually
became a bit painful.  As it was my feet had been turned slightly inward  and
down so they wouldn't bulge out too far.

The hair leggings which covered them was also very tight.   This caused a lot of
pressure on the feet and ankles when I tried to hump Twink.

I leaned forward and got my front Paws around his chest and then tried just
moving my ass cheeks.   This worked a little better, but there was still a lot
of pressure on the feet and ankles.

"This really is very painful on the feet, Pete." I said.

"I know Harold, but there is nothing we can do about it.   Just make sure you
don't take all night cumming." he laughed.

"What about some of that, what was it J4x painkiller, Pat.  Wouldn't that help?"
I wasn't ready to give up yet.

"Sorry, Harold.  Pain is your bodies way of telling you something is wrong.  If
I were to give you J4x you might get too carried away and really hurt yourself
without knowing it."  Pat answered.

"Ok, but I gotta tell ya, this is really hurting."

"Well let's see if a hot rod up your pretty little pussy will help."  Larry cut
in.

"Where ya going to find one of those." I asked with a giggle.

"Funny boy."  Larry said as he rammed his huge dick up my ass.

He hit my prostate on the way in and the thrill took the pain away from my
ankles almost instantly.   On the withdrawal the pain came back.   So I was able
to get partial relief anyway.

With my already heightened lust, Larry's cock striking my prostate soon brought
my to edge again.    I just could not hold on any longer.   I speeded up and
started dumping my load.

My striking Twink's prostate also caused him to start shooting as soon as I
speeded up my thrusts.   Larry was right behind, (pardon the pun).

Once our nuts were all emptied, Twinky turned around and lapped up his cum from
the mat.   I followed around behind and began licking my own seed dripping form
Twink's sweet little bud and Larry was licking mine.

When everyone was cleaned up we all sat down and Pete and Pat joined us.  We had
a short discussion just to make sure we had everything right for tonight.

Everyone seemed to be happy with the way it went.   I had managed to stay on and
felt I would not have any problems with it.

It was too late to have another practice so I suggested we all get changed and
we could  meet in the gym right after lunch.    But Pat had a message from
Charlie.

"Charlie would like Dinky and Twinky to have lunch with him in the bar, Harold."
he informed me.

Right away my guard went up.   After what Charlie had done to Twink this
morning, anything was possible.   Just what I needed.  Everything was starting
to go a bit smoother for me and now Charlie was going to pull something really
shitty, I just knew it.

"Ok Pat, will we have to wear the eye pieces or will the nose piece be enough?"
I asked.

"I think you can get away with the nose piece, however if he wants the eyepiece
he could get a little ornery.  He never said one way or the other."  Pat
answered.

"Well I think I am willing to take a chance.   I really hate that eyepiece Pat."

"Ok, if he says anything I will try sticking up for you, but you know that
doesn't always work."   Pat answered.

"Ya, ok.  What about you Twink, which ever it is we both have to be the same?" 
I asked.

"I would be willing to risk the nose piece as well." he answered.

"Ok, nose piece it is then."  I replied.

Pat and Pete went over to the table and lifted Larry up.   A few minutes later
they had the outfit off and he swung his legs over the side and stood up.    He
walked around for a bit to stretch his muscles.    It was going to be a while
before Twink and I  could do the same.

Pat inserted the nose piece in my nostrils and I became Dinky doggie again. 
Pete did Twink's.    Leashes were attached and we headed for the bar and our
nemesis, Charlie.

Pat took me to Charlie's right side and handed him the leash, Pete took Twink to
the left side and did the same.  Right away Charlie dropped a hand to my head
and began to scratch me behind the ear.

"Well ain't this nice, I have both of my new dogs together at the same time. 
Now I guess we can all have a nice lunch together."  he said warmly.

"We have been throwing out a ton of good food lately and I have decided to put a
stop to that right away.   From now on the slaves we eat all the leftovers from
the bar kitchen.  The dogs will eat anything that isn't palatable for the
slaves."  he said to nobody in particular.

"The scrapings that Harry managed to salvage for the dogs was all covered in
coffee grounds and shit like that.   I wouldn't want to feed my dogs coffee
grounds so I had Harry throw all the scraps in the urinals in the Men's room.  
The patrons have been pissing on the scraps to clean them.   Pete would you go
get the dogs their lunches from the Men's room?" he asked.

Oh fuck, I knew it would be something fucking rotten.   I looked at Twink on the
other side of Charlie and he looked at me.   I shook my head slightly to try to
indicate that he should just eat and not do anything to get himself in shit.

Pete returned in a few moments with the bowls.   One was almost twice the size
of the other.   He placed the smaller bowl in front of Twink and brought me the
big one.

I looked down into the bowl.   It was full of meat scrapes, bits of carrot,
potato and gawd only knows what else.   As well it was all wet and there was
what looked like water in the bowl.

Knowing what reluctance or refusal to eat would bring down on my shoulders I
leaned down and started to eat.  The first few bites didn't taste too bad, but
it  smelt awful.   Then my mouth started to burn.   Damn it, Pete had mixed
tobasco or something similar into the damned mess, my mouth was burning.

I looked over and could see that Twink had discovered the same thing.  I brought
my head up near Charlie's lap.

"Rrrough, iiiieeee"  (thirsty) I barked and whined.

"Is Dinky thirsty?" Charlie asked in that damned fatherly voice.

"Rrrough."  (Yes) I answered.

"Well eat your lunch first and then I will get Harry to fill your bowl with
water.   Don't want you filling up on water." he answered with a smile on his
ugly face.

I went back to eating that terrible concoction.   When I got to the liquid I
realized that it wasn't water, it was fucking piss.   Pete the bastard had
pissed in the bowl.   Well I would get the fucker back some day, just one more I
owed the prick.

By the time I got it all down and had slurped up all the liquid, my mouth and
throat were on fire.   I needed cold water desperately.

I looked up at Charlie but he paid no attention.   He was eating a nice clean
hamburger.   I tried to bark and whine, but my throat was in such bad condition
I couldn't make a sound.

Charlie just kept on eating, ignoring me completely while I suffered.  I looked
over and could see that Twink was suffering as well.   His face was all red and
his eyes full of tears.  What the hell was up with Charlie?   We hadn't done
anything wrong, at least I couldn't think of anything.

I watched as Charlie shoved the last of his burger in his mouth.   Maybe now, I
thought,  he would get us the water we so desperately needed.   But oh did I
think wrong.    He just continued to ignore us.

I kept trying to give the bark and whine that would get his attention, but I
still couldn't make a sound.   What the hell else was in that fucking food I
wondered.    Well I never found out and it didn't really matter because at that
precise moment I doubled over with cramps.

Horrible, eat away at your gut cramps.   Cramps ten times worse than those I
experienced during my first enema.  They got worse and worse, I was gasping for
breath, but not making a sound other than the gasps.

My eyes flicked open at one point and I happened to notice Twink was suffering
the same as I.  You lousy, fucking prick, Charlie, I thought.  What the fuck
have you done to us.   The cramps got so bad I completely forgot Charlie, the
bar, me, everything except the unrelenting pains tearing my guts apart.

Then just as suddenly as they started, they stopped.   I came back to my senses
covered in sweat.  The floor all around me was wet from it.   Well partly from
that, the rest was urine, I had pissed myself.

"Take them both into the shitter and feed them the purgative." I heard Charlie
say.

"Then get them to the cell room and let them get cleaned up.   They can then
have a light lunch."

"Yes Sir." I heard Pete reply.

A purgative?  What the fuck was that?   It didn't sound like it was going to be
fun.   Then a shower and light lunch.   I didn't want to eat anything.   My
fucking stomach had just been through hell and the prick wants me to eat again.

Pete came around and took my leash while Larry took Twink's.   They led us to
the men's room.    Pat came in the door right behind us.

"Ok, listen closely."  Pat said. 

"I am going to give you both a liquid to drink.   It is sweet, just drink it
down quick and keep your head over the toilet bowl.   The liquid will make you
throw up all that crude from your guts.  You will both feel better afterwards."

Pete removed the nose piece from both our noses.  Although the cramps had
stopped I was still sweating and trembling a bit from the experience and it felt
good to get the nose piece off.  

I still hadn't figured out what I had done wrong to be punished like this.  But
didn't think this would be a good time to ask.   Each of us was led to a stall
with our heads over the bowl.

Pete came into the stall with me.  He had a bottle about half the size of a
normal beer can.  He removed the top and placed the opening too my lips.

"Try to hold this down as long as you can Harold, it will have a better chance
of neutralizing all that crude and it won't burn on the way up."  Pete warned.

Pat hadn't lied, the liquid was sweet and the moment it touched my mouth the
burning stopped.   I swallowed as quick as I could.   My throat cleared up
instantly.  I finished chug a lugging and just waited.

"Oh that's better, my throat was burning so fucking bad." I said softly testing
the vocal cords.

"Ya, it is rather nasty shit isn't it."  Pete answered.

"Have you had a dose then?"  I asked him.

"Oh yes, more then fucking once and don't want it again, either."  Pete said.

"Oh, I think I am going to heave."  I said suddenly.

"Hold it Harold."  Pete advised. 

"Hold it as long as you can."

"I don't think I can, oh man this is fucking awful."  I whispered.

"Hold onto it Harold.   Come on man, you can do.   Just a minute or two longer. 
Hold on Harold." he coached me.

I tried I really tried but my guts wanted the shit out and they were just a
boiling and frothing.   I fought the need to puke as long as I could, but I lost
the battle and up it came.

It turned out that I had managed to keep it down long enough, because I didn't
get anything more than you normally get when you puke.   A bad taste and a bit
of acid. 

However, I have never puked so much in my entire life.   I didn't think it was
ever going to end.  Pete flushed twice while my stomach was emptying, where in
hell did it all come from, I wondered.   Surely I couldn't have that much stuff
in my stomach.   It was a large bowl, but not that large.

Once my stomach stopped heaving, Pete handed me a glass of fresh water to clean
my mouth with.   I gargled and spit, gargled and spit.   When the glass was
empty Pete took it back.  A moment later he handed me another full glass.

"Drink this one down.  If there is any crude still down there it will come up
right away.   If the water stays down, your system is clean."  he told me.

I drank the cold water down and it stayed.   Poor Twink was not so lucky.   I
heard him start to heave again.  

Once Pete was sure I was finished he helped me back myself out of the stall.  He
then walked me back to the cell room.   A few moments later Larry and Pat came
in with Twink.   The poor kid was white as a sheet.    I don't think he was
feeling much better.

Pete and Larry lifted me to the table and quickly remove the Dinky outfit.  
Then it was Twink's turn.    We both headed straight for the shower.

After a good hot shower that lasted a good thirty minutes, we both got out and
dried ourselves.

Pete, Larry and Pat were quietly talking when we reentered the cell room.

"How are you guys feeling?"  Pat asked right away.

"I am fine." I answered.

"Ok, I guess Sir, just a bit queasy." Twink answered.

"Well you shouldn't be feeling any after affects at all, Twink.   Get up on the
table and lie on your back."  Pat ordered.

Twink got up on the table and lay back.   Pat opened his doctors bag and took
out a stethoscope and listened to Twink's insides.

"How long did he managed to keep the purgative down, Larry?"  Pat asked.

"Not quiet the full five minutes, Pat, but was only a few seconds short.   I
figured it was long enough though."  Larry replied.

"Don't think it was.   He has still got some of the stuff inside."  Pat replied.

"It's ok Twink, I am going to fix you right up.   Just lie still for a moment." 

Pat went back into his bag and pulled out a package with a syringe.  He opened
it and asked me to hold it for a moment.   He then pulled out a small bottle
with a clear liquid.

I gave him back the syringe and he stuck the needle into the top of the bottle. 
He filled the syringe, removed it from the bottle and held it up while he pushed
out the air.  Then he handed it back to me.

"Ever given anyone a injection before Harold?"  he asked.

"No Pat I haven't.   Not exactly one of my favorite pastimes."  I said with a
grin.

"Well no time like the present to learn." he said.

"Oh no Pat.   I ain't stickin' no needles in Twink." I said suddenly fearful
that he wasn't joking.

"Oh yes you are Harold.   The time may come when you will have to do it when no
one else is around.   You might as well learn now the proper way to do it."

He reached in his bag for a bottle of alcohol and a swab.   He disinfected
Twink's arm.

"Now you will need to stick the needle in the area that I just disinfected.  
Hold the  syringe right about here,  about half way up the cylinder.    Then
just give it a quick jab into the arm.  Go ahead try it."  Pat instructed.

My whole fucking body started trembling.   I took a deep breath and taking aim
on the spot Pat had cleaned I jabbed the needle home.   It just kind'a sunk in.  
Twink didn't move or make a sound.

Now grasp the plunger and slowly push it down.   Don't go too fast or it will
cause the patient pain.   Nice and easy, were not in the middle of a race.

I again did as instructed and watched the clear liquid slowly empty from the
syringe.   Twink just lay there not making a sound.

Once the syringe was empty, Pat handed me an alcohol doused swap and told me to
hold it on the needle at the point of entry.   Then to pull the needle out and
let the swab fall onto the miniscule hole made in the skin.

I followed his instructions, handing him the syringe once it was out.   I held
the swab on the injection site for a minute or to then Pat told me to pull it
away.

"Well how'd he do Twink?"  Pat asked.

"I never felt it Sir.   Master Harold really is good at it, Sir.  That's the
first time I ever had a needle and didn't feel it."  Twink replied.

My ego shot up through the roof.   Holy shit I did it and did a good job.  A big
smile split my face from ear to ear.

"Glad to help Twink, but I gotta tell ya, I was scarred shitless."  I said.

Pat must have seen the pride in my eyes after Twink's comments and decided to
bring me back down to earth.

"Just wait till you have to give one in a nipple, the head of a cock or in some
poor pricks nuts."  he smiled, looking me directly in the eyes.

"No fucking way Pat." I responded almost automatically.

"Oh I don't know about that.   One never knows what one is going to be called
upon to do around here." he said.

Twink's colour began to improve within a few minutes of the injection.  
Whatever the stuff was, it worked fast.

"Shit your looking better already." I said to him.

"Thank you Sir, I am feeling better as well."  he replied.

"Well the both of you get over to the table, we have a light lunch there for you
and I promise the food has not been tampered with."  Pat said.

We both made our way to the table.  The light lunch consisted of a bowl of beef
barley soup and a ham sandwich, a glass of milk and a bowl of Jell-O.   It sure
was better than the crap we were forced to eat in the bar.

Once we were finished Pete and Larry headed for the gym, taking Twink with them.  
I stayed back and indicated to Pat that I would like him to wait a minute.

When the others were gone I asked the question that was bugging me.  Why?

"What did I do wrong, Pat?"  I asked.

"I thought Master Charlie was happy with me, that I was doing everything the way
he wanted."

"Well Harold, you didn't exactly do anything wrong.   But Charlie thinks you are
being much too soft on Twink.   He wants you to be firmer with him,  Twink
refused to eat his breakfast this morning.   Charlie was really pissed about
that.   Harold if you had done your job correctly, Twink would not have refused
to eat."  Pat said.

"Twink is not like you, Harold.  He has accepted his slavery.   He will always
obey, but he requires a strong leader to teach him that.   Pete and Larry had
him well along in his training but you have set him back a bit.   Not much, just
a bit.   What Charlie did to you today was a warning, Harold.    Be Twink's
leader or be prepared for severe punishment."

"I will try, Pat.   I really will try."  I answered.

"Ok, let's go to the gym and kill ourselves." he said with a laugh.

"Ya let's."  I responded.

To be continued.


This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 26.

Parade Practice.

I had been right about Twink not having done much in the way of exercise.  He
was totally lost in the gym.   We had to start him off with the very basics but
he was a quick study.

After an hour of heavy work we went to the weight room for an hour of pushing
weights.  Larry coached Twink while Pete coached me.

From there it was on to the pool where we just screwed around and had fun for
well over two hours.  Afterwards we took Twink back to the cell room and locked
him in his cell, advising him to lay down and rest for a while.

Pete, Larry and I each went to our separate rooms to follow our own advice.  
The evening was going to be a long one and we would be glad we took this time to
rest.

Pete woke me from a sound sleep at a quarter to six.

"Let's go Harold, I have arranged for all of us to have dinner served in the
cell room at 6.   Then we can relax for a bit before we have to get ready for
the first show."  He said.

"Ah, so now it is a show, huh."  I laughed.

"Ya, funny how a practice can become a show at the snap of a finger." he smiled.

I was still dressed so it was just a matter of following Pete back to the cell
room.   Dinner was excellent, Harry at his best.    A large table had been set
up and all of us, Pat, Pete, Larry, Twink and I ate together.   I was surprised
that Charlie wasn't there.   I had a terrible feeling that he would show up and
do something nasty, but my feeling turned out to be wrong.

Our first show was set for 7:30 pm.  At precisely 7:30, Pat held the bar room
door open for us.   Twink led the way and followed the instructions Pete had
given him earlier.   He began to weave his way around the tables, his tail
wagging proudly as he moved along.

I followed close behind sniffing his ass and nuts.  Whenever he stopped, I made
my way to his side, got under and licked his throbbing dick, which was thumping
against his soft abs and dripping precum.

As soon as he would start to move foreward I would get behind again and continue
with the sniffing.   The patrons loved it.   They were screaming their lungs out
and clapping and hooting and whistling.   Every once in a while I would feel a
hand on my nuts.

We were half way around the room when I realized I had not felt Larry sniffing
or licking my nuts.   The next time that Twink stopped I shot a quick glance to
the rear.   Larry was not there.   I suddenly had another bad feeling,   this
show was not going to be exactly what we had practiced earlier today.    That
seemed obvious at this point.

But strange as it may seem, my bad feeling turned out to be nothing.   Twink
made his way to the stage area.   A small ramp had been placed on the side to
make it possible for us to get up on our own.

It was just the two of us, up on that stage with a whole bar full of men
watching.     Although I was turned on, I hated it.  They were hooting and
whistling and it all just made me feel smaller and smaller.   

I could not mount Twink because he still had his tail in place.   Instead I
continued to sniff and lick around his rosebud and nuts.   

Finally Pete came up on the stage and pulled Twink's tail out.   He indicated
that I should begin so I mounted Twink and humped till I brought us both off.  
Twink licked up his cum and I licked my own juices from his ass.   The crowd
loved it.

Pete reinserted Twink's tail and we made our way off the stage and back to the
door and the cell room.

In the cell room Pete informed us that Larry had become violently ill just as we
were entering the bar.   He collapsed and Pat had him taken to the infirmary.  
He still didn't know how Larry was making out but expected Pat to let us all
know very soon.

The second show also went off without a hitch.   Oh again there was the odd guy
that rubbed my nuts or grabbed my dick as we entered, but other than that
nothing.   After completing the show, Charlie showed up on the stage.

He made a couple of quick announcements about up coming events.   Then, being
Charlie he had to do something to throw us off, and did.

"I am going to set the dogs loose for an hour.    Anyone that wants to play
doggie games, why be my guest.   Just remember they have another show to do at
11, so don't do anything to them that will make it impossible for them to
perform, or you will answer to me.  Have fun."

The bastard.   It was bad enough having to perform out here like this now we
were going to have to let the patron's play fucking games.

After making his announcement, Charlie turned around and smiled at us.

"Pete remove both tails,  don't want any of these raunchy guys trying to fuck my
dogs while the tail is still in place."  then he laughed like it was the biggest
joke he had ever heard.

"Twink and Dink you will get out there and circulate around the room.   Do
whatever the patrons want.    If anyone starts to do anything that you think
might cause you serious problems give the emergency signal.   Pete won't be far
away and will put a stop to it.   Now go."

As he was giving us these instructions Pete pulled out the tails.    When
Charlie gave the word go, Twink and I made our way to the crowd.

Less than two minutes later I had a cock jammed down my throat fucking my face
like there was no tomorrow.   The fucking guy was raping me.   He had called me
and I went straight to him, then he just grabbed my hair and rammed his cock
down my throat.

I wasn't liking this at all.   I had learned to love sucking dick, but this
wasn't a blow job.    This guy was only interested in masturbating using my
throat.  Thankfully it only took him a couple of minutes to cum, but the prick
shoved his cock all the way down and held it there until his nuts emptied.  
Then he let go of my hair, pulled away and was gone.

I wasn't left alone for even a second.   A finger went under my collar and I was
pulled along to another table.   There were four guys at the table and from my
vantage point I could see that they all had their cocks out and they were all
hard.

They were each giving themselves a slow wank.

"Got us a treat boys." the guy holding my collar said to his buddies.

A moment later I had another cock in my mouth, this one I was sucking, and one
in my pussy.    These guys were nothing like that asshole of a few moments ago.

The cock in my mouth was a beauty.   Just under seven inches I would guess and
about an inch and three quarters in diameter.    It was uncut and had a manly
taste that was just out of this world.    As soon as I got that taste my cock
became rock hard and bounced up against my abs.   

The cock in my rear was much larger, I am sure.   It felt like it was a mile
long and thick as a telephone pole, but gawd it felt so fucking good.    Each
thrust causing serious moans of pleasure to erupted around the cock that I now
had deep in my throat.

The owner of that cock was also moaning, I guess my moans were causing him some
really sweet sensations.    I had timed my face fucking to the same rhythm as
the guy doing my ass.    These guys were good and I was in heaven.

As with all good things though it came to an end.   The guy humping my pussy
increased his pace and I knew he was ready so I picked up the pace on the cock
in my mouth.   A moment or so later both cocks erupted at almost exactly the
same moment bathing my bowels and throat in man juice.

I didn't mind, it felt so good, the only problem was that I didn't cum myself. 
The guy doing my ass never touched my cock or balls.    His hands had been on my
waist the whole time.    I felt let down when they both pulled away.

Mind you I didn't feel let down for long.  Two other guys from the table took
their place.     My pleasure meter was soon back up in the, "I love this zone".

The two new guys were just as good as the previous two.    They were not rough
and hell bent on their own pleasures at the expense of the poor slave.   But
again the guy up my ass never touched my cock or balls.    I wanted someone to
do something with them, they need stimulation.    I could imagine the puddle of
precum that must lay on the floor below my cock.

This new cock in my mouth was rather small.   In fact it was probable the
smallest cock I had ever seen.   It was only about 4 inches, fully erect and
about an inch maybe a little less in diameter.    It was cut and also had a nice
manly taste to it.   I wondered if maybe these guys were using some kind of a
scent on there dicks.

Although it was small and just barely reached the back of my throat, I enjoyed
every second that it was in my mouth.  I soon brought both guys off but they
didn't cum together.   When the guy in my pussy started slamming into me I set
to bringing off the cock in my mouth.

Well that little cock came first, and man did it cum.    My mouth filled right
up on the first squirt.   I had barely begun to swallow when another gallon shot
in.   The cum had no place to go but out through the side of my lips.

I could feel it shooting out.   I swallowed some more, but another shot filled
my mouth again.    This went on for at least 8 shouts before it finally petered
out.   There was cum all over my face I was sure.

Mean while the guy screwing my ass still had not cum.   He was slamming away
like a race horse heading for the finish line.    The little cock was pulled
from my mouth, it had shriveled up and once he pulled away, it just disappeared
in all the hair that surrounded it.  I looked up at him and licked my lips.   He
placed his hand on my head, gave a small rub and mouthed the word, "Thanks."   
Oh, man did that little gesture ever make me feel good.

The guy pounding the shit out of my ass continued with his break neck slamming
for another two minutes at least before he finally started to dump his load up
my chute.   His cum was white hot and I felt his heat radiate through my bowels.

He was screaming at the top of his lungs with each plunge in.   I just kept as
still as I could, not an easy feat considering how hard this guy was slamming
into me.  Finally he was finished and pulled out.

"Sorry, no more guys.   Dinky has got to go rest up for the final show."  I
heard Pete say as the guy pulled out.

I looked around and there he was.   He attached the chain to my collar and led
me away.  As we came around some tables I could see Pat leading Twink towards
the exit.   Man that hour sure went by quick.

The final show was slated for 11 pm, an hour from now.   Pat and Pete got us out
of the doggie outfits so we could rest before having to go back out.

"You guys are doing one hell of a job out there." Pete said.

Pat had a tentative diagnosis on what was ailing Larry.   It seemed to be some
sort of flu bug and chances are we would all have it within the next 24 hours.  
Oh great I thought, on top of everything else I now have to cope with a fucking
flu bug and in the summer  of all things.

To relax we played a few hands of four handed cribbage.  Twink and I beat the
shit out of Pat and Pete, even skunking them twice.  It was all good fun and we
were in a great mood as we suited up for the final show.

Pat held the door as Twink led the way in.  The first thing I noticed was that
the crowd had changed.   All new faces from earlier in the evening.   It didn't
bother me or set off  any alarm bells.   I was still hyped from the Cribbage
wins and the success of the first two shows.

The first indication that this was not going to be a shoe in, came with the
sound of a familiar voice.   Killer!!!

"Now where the fuck do you think your going, dog?" he bellowed.

The entire room became deadly quiet, as it always does when Killer bellows.  
None of them want to miss the entertainment they know he is going to provide, at
the expense of some poor slave.

Twink had never met Killer, at least I don't think he had met Killer.  It sure
seemed like he hadn't because he ignored him.   He had been given orders to make
his way around the room to the stage and he intended on doing just that.

Poor Twink, I wish I had of thought of Killer when I was trying to prepare him
for things that might happen tonight.   I just hadn't thought Killer was a
possibility.

There was a sudden loud scraping of a chair being pushed back under tremendous
force.

"You fucking mutt, I am talking to you." Killer screamed.

Twink finally took notice and came to a stop.   He lifted his head to look in
the direction the scream had come from.

"Get your mongrel ass over here dog or your going to get a good swift kick in
the nuts.  NOW."

Twink, as I have mentioned was a quick learner,  he instinctively knew this was
not something to ignore.   He turned and made his way toward Killer.   I had no
option but to follow, sniffing away at his ass.

"I got a doggie bone here for you to chew on for a while dog." he said with a
big laugh.

Everyone else also thought it was funny because they all started laughing.  I
lifted my head and could see that Killer had pulled his hard dick out of his
leather pants and it was sticking straight up towards the ceiling pulsing away
along with killer's heart beat.

"Hey Dinky!" Killer exclaimed.

"While your bitch is taking care of me why don't you take care of her, huh." he
said laughing.

The crowd of course went wild and started cheering.  Ok, do it here or do it on
the stage, didn't matter to me.  If Killer wanted me to do it here then I would
do it here.

I licked and spit into Twink's rosebud to make sure it was lubed.   I then got
up on my knees and shuffled my way up until I could feel my dick touch his hole. 
I rubbed it up and down the outside a bit to get his bud good and slippery.

It didn't take any effort at all to plunge home.   I set up a fairly good rhythm
and heard Twink moan around the big dick that was stuffed half way down his
throat.  His head began to bob in time with my humping.  To be perfectly honest,
I was really enjoying this.

I didn't think Killer would appreciate me cumming too soon so I took my time and
made it last.    We had been going at it for a good ten to fifteen minutes when
I felt someone pull out my tail.   Oh, oh I thought somebody is going to try and
fuck this all up.

A moment later, as I was pulling out of Twink a big cock entered my ass.   It
was fucking huge, in girth that is.   It actually hurt and I let out a little
cry of pain.

"Ah poor doggie ain't never had a real cock in it's pussy before, huh.?   Too
bad doggie, this one's going to spoil you.   You ain't never going to feel a
cock like this again, and will pine away for it."  it was a deep, masculine
voice.  

I now concentrated on just continuing the fuck and not falling off.   The big
dick up my ass may have hurt going in, but it fit just fine now.   On each in
stroke it would brush my prostate sending feelings that took my breath away
throughout my body.

I managed to keep it all going for about twenty minutes but I was now really
high and just couldn't wait any longer.  I picked up the pace, slamming myself
into Twink and then slamming myself onto the guys cock behind me.

I know I was moaning my pleasures out loud, I could hear myself and not much
more.   I was lost in the twilight world of ecstasy just before the bright
lights are all turned on full blast.  

Then it came.   At the same moment I screamed out my orgasm, Killer yelled out
his.    I don't know what was happening with Twink I was lost in my own
pleasure.   I was almost finished shooting when the guy behind started to scream
out.   I slammed my body back and forth making sure we all got the maximum
amount of pleasure from this.

I had my arms around Twink and just kind of relaxed there once I was sure the
guy behind was finished.   I felt him pull out and start to lick around my ass.  
It felt so fucking good I almost screamed out, instead I just let soft moans
escape from between my lips.

"Hey Killer the fucking dog that was sucking your cock came all over the fucking
floor.    The bitch really got off on your cock." the guy laughed.

That started the whole room laughing again.

"Dinky you get your fucking mouth down there and clean up the mess your bitch
made on the floor.   Then make sure you clean up her pussy as well, don't want
fucking dick scum all over the floors."  Killer ordered.

I pushed myself up and off of Twink's back real quick.   I didn't like the idea
of licking Twink's cum off the dirty floor, but knew if I didn't Killer would do
something worse.   In fact he might anyway, but I wasn't about to take any
chances.

I was right,  the floor was dirty.   I licked the cum up and got grit and heaven
only  knows what else into my mouth.  I thought I might try holding it, if
Killer wanted to see in my mouth I would swallow quick.   I got away with it
before and figured I could do it again.

Unlike Twink, I am a slow learner.   I should have swallowed that shit right
away.  A hand suddenly went tightly around my throat.  A big hand, a hand so big
it almost completely encircled my sixteen and a half inch neck.  It applied
pressure.

"Did you swallow that cum, Dinky?" Killer asked.

I was suddenly scared to death.   I had a mouthful of dirty cum, a hand
squeezing my neck making it impossible for me to swallow.  I had no choice but
to be honest with him this time.

I was allowed enough movement to shake my head just a little to indicate no.

"Open your mouth Dinky?"  Killer ordered.

I opened my mouth and he came forward bent down and looked in.   He shook his
head sadly.

I gave you and order doggie.   All good doggies obey orders.   Bad doggies do
not obey orders, bad doggies get punished." he said, with an evil little smile
on his face.

"Swallow Twinky's cum,... now." he growled.

The hand on my neck loosened and I swallowed Twink's cum, dirt and all.  Killer
brought a glass to my lips and let me drink to wash my mouth, but I had to
swallow it.   Fucking beer.

Once I had swallowed all the cum and cleaned my mouth with the beer, Killer
order his guys to put me on my back on the table.   They tied ropes around my
arms and legs and pulled them down tight.    I let out a scream of pain.   This
was not a good way to treat legs that are folded up and tied like mine were.  
This action caused real pain in my ankles and feet.

They didn't pay any heed to my cries.   They secured me so I couldn't move.

"Doggie's are required to obey their Master's and you did not obey me, Dinky.  
You must be punished.   You didn't like having your little doggie cock reamed
last time did you?" he asked with that evil grin.

I cried out and whined, begging him not to do anything like that.   But I had to
do it doggie fashion.   I was now really scared.   I didn't want my dick reamed
again, it hurt so fucking much.

"Got the proper tools this time, though.   Won't tear the insides of your dick
up quite so bad as the swizzle sticks did."

"It is called a sound, Dinky.  Only this is not an ordinary sound.   This one
can do all sorts of wonderful little things."

As he talked he held up the sound and proceeded to put it together.   Someone
brought him a black box which was obviously plugged into the wall.   It had a
long wire that dropped over the edge of the table.

From his pocket he pulled another wire and plugged one end into the black box,
the other end  he plugged into the end of the sound.

"Let me show you how this works, Dinky." he said bringing the round head of the
sound up close to my left nipple.

He flicked a switch on the black box then moved the round head of the sound
closer to the nipple.   Suddenly a blue/white spark shot out of the head of the
sound and hit the tip of my nipple.  It gave off a sudden bright light, almost
like a flash bulb.   The pain that shot through my left pec was excruciating.  
It felt like someone had taken a pair of pliers and squeezed the nipple tight
and had hit me across the chest with a baseball bat.

I screamed out my agony.   Tears were flowing down my cheeks and pain was
throbbing through my chest.   It was a terrible pain, an agonizing pain and it
wasn't stopping.  I cried and squealed out my agony until eventually it started
to subside.  

I was sweating profusely.  My gawd he couldn't do that inside my dick, I
couldn't take that, I really couldn't take it.   What the hell was I going to
do.  Well my body decided for me, it began to do the only thing it could, shake.

"Wasn't that great, Dink?"  Killer asked.

"Let's do it again."

"Nooooooooooooo." I screamed out in desperation, scared out of my skull.

The room went deadly silent.   Nothing moved, nobody said anything.   It seemed
like an eternity went by before Killer yelled out.

"Charlie, you got a fucking prize here.   A dog that can speak English."

My heart almost stopped beating and I held my breath.   I was in doggie mode and
had just spoke.   I was in real serious trouble now.   I could just see it,
another visit to Master Dieter or possibly something even worse.

I could hear my heart thumping loudly in my chest.  Then before I knew it
Charlie was standing there, looking down at me in disgust.   All I could do was
cry.

He was going to send me to that fucking Parts Farm for sure now, I just knew it. 

"Oh shit!!" Killer said startled. 

Charlie looked up, I looked up, everyone in the room looked at killer.

"The fucking thing was set on full force!" he exclaimed.  

At those words Pat moved right in.   He place a hand gently on my left pec,
about two inches below the  nipple.   I screamed out in agony.   It felt as
though he were crushing my chest, but I could see that he was only lightly
touching it.

"I want him in the infirmary right away Charlie." Pat said quietly but in a very
serious, commanding tone.

"Right." Charlie answered.

"Untie the bounds." Pat ordered.  "But be very careful.   Do everything slowly.  
Dink, try not to move at all, let us do all the work.   If you move you are
going to cause yourself serious pain, ok?" 

"Rrrough"  (Yes) I answered.

Charlie moved to my head and removed the nose piece.

"Your out of doggie mode Harold." He said softly, a worried look on his face.

That was all I needed.    Pat looked really worried, Charlie looked really
worried, hell even Killer looked worried.  What the hell had he done to me?  
Now I was really fucking worried.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhiiiiiiiiieeeeeeee" I screamed, when the bonds holding my arms
down were released.

Pain shot through my chest again with a crushing feeling.  I had a bit of a hard
time catching my breath.   It was as if a Mack truck had run full force into it. 
Every move of my left arm brought the same pain.

Within a few moments I was soaking wet from sweat and my body was in agony from
that chest pain.   

"Pat give me some of that pain killer, please, this really is bad and it seems
to be getting worse." I cried out.

"As soon as we get you to the infirmary Harold, there is something I must check
before I can give you the pain killer.   Just hang on, we'll have you there
shortly."  Pat tried to comfort me.

A few moments later my life became a living hell when they lifted me to place me
on a gurney.   It just was not possible to lift me without causing movement
around my chest.    The pain became so intense I finally passed out, returning
to that darkness that held my other nemesis, the shadows.

The shadows were waiting for me, still searching, watching, waiting for an
opportunity to get me.   I had managed to get away from the three headed
monstrosity and it's huge green, slimy cock.   I could see it in the distance
screaming in agony as the shadows kept banging into it.

I started to run as quickly as I could to get as far away from the shadows and
the three headed monster as possible.  The sounds of the monsters screams faded
away into silence in the all pervading darkness.

I stopped running and began a slow leisurely walk.  I could not see ahead, I
could not see behind, everything was blackness, but when I looked down I could
see my body, my hands, arms, chest and gut, my cock which was standing fully
erect, my feet as I walked.    But I couldn't see the floor I was walking on.  
This was some strange bloody place.

I was feeling safe, the shadows were gone, all was quiet and peaceful.    Then
something cold, touched me on the chest...........

I awoke with a start, I was no longer in the bar.    The room was stark white
and green and brightly lit.   Above my head hung one of those large lights they
have in operating rooms, it was turned on low.  Pat was standing over me, a
stethoscope stuck in his ears, the cold piece pressed against my chest lightly.

"Ah, your back Harold.    I left you sleeping while they got you here, figured
you had suffered enough."  he said with a smile.

"I have completed a quick exam and it looks as though you were really lucky
Harold.   Your heart is ok and there doesn't seem to be any other permanent
damage.  The electric jolt caused your  left pectoral muscle to involuntarily
clench up tight.    There is about a 90% chance that there is some muscle
damage.    Not to worry though, it will hurt for a few days, but it will heal up
good as new."  he informed me.

"Thanks Pat, it is still throbbing pretty bad and I am afraid to move at all.  
Don't want anymore of that kind of pain." I said.

"I am going to give you a shot of x4d and that will kill the pain, but you are
going to have to keep all movement of your left arm to a minimum for the next
few days."

"Tomorrow we will put you in a sling.   I will want you to try and get by
without painkiller though.    You need to know whenever you are doing something
that puts pressure on that muscle.    The torn parts should repair themselves
fairly quickly, but it would help if you don't pull on the muscle while the
repairs are under way."

"Ok, Pat, your the doctor, I'll do whatever you say."  I answered.

Pat gave me the shot and almost magically the pain disappeared.   He helped me
sit up and I slid off the gurney.  It was then I realized that all the doggie
kit had been removed while I was unconscious.

Pat walked me back to my room and talked as he tucked me into my bed.  He gave
me a kiss, said good night and left.

I fell into an uneasy sleep, with visions of Killer running around with that
fucking probe touching people and laughing hysterically.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  robolder@excite.com   or    cumulust@yahoo.com




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:   cumulust@yahoo.com  or     robolder@excite.com


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 27

Shipped Where?

The next two days were a living nightmare.   The pain from the torn pectoral was
unbelievable, but  Pat did not want to administer the painkiller.   I begged and
pleaded with him but he was adamant. 

By day three the pain had started to ease up and each day after that it became
less and less noticeable.   I was taken off all duties while my chest healed.  
It became rather boring after all the things that had been happening to me since
my arrival here.

It took two weeks before I was back to normal.   On the morning of the 15th day
since Killer had used that electric probe on me, I arrived for breakfast feeling
really great.

Pete and Larry were the only ones at the table.   It was strange to see
Charlie's chair empty.   It didn't happen very often and the whole atmosphere of
the bar was different without his presence.

We had just finished our good morning greetings when Charlie and Pat appeared. 
Harry brought coffee for us all and we gave our breakfast orders.

"How are you feeling Harold? Charlie asked.

"Very good thank you, Sir.  Pat has taken good care of me." I replied.

"No pain and full movement back in your left arm? he inquired.

"Yes sir.   Hasn't been any pain for about four or five days. Sir.   We have
been working on strengthening the muscle.    I have a regular routine and it is
working great, Sir."

"Good." he replied and then turned his attention to Pat and they talked
business.

Harry brought breakfast and we just chatted about mundane matters and enjoyed
the food.   After breakfast, as we sat drinking our coffee, Charlie turned his
attention back to me.

"Harold." he said, in a serious tone.

I was instantly alert.   I was becoming adept at picking out Charlie's tones. 
This one was not a good one, he was going to do something I was not going to
like.

"What is the number one thing a doggie must never do?"

I fucking knew it.  He was going to punish me for saying, "no", while in doggie
mode.   Shit I really needed punishment right now.   I became all flustered and
could feel the shakes beginning deep down in my gut.

"He must never speak human words, Sir." I answered softly.

"Do you know of any of my doggies that may have done that recently?" his tone
changed to the fatherly one, it was just as bad as the serious one.

"Yes, Sir.  Dinky doggie did, Sir."  I replied through trembling lips.

"Relax Harold.   Your all shaky there boy you don't have anything to be afraid
of." he said kindly, a gentle smile curling his lips.

"But it is a serious offense, Sir.  I am sorry Sir, I didn't mean to do it.  
The pain was so bad, Sir."   by now I was a blubbering mess.

I was crying like a little kid and shaking like crazy.   I was so afraid that he
was going to sentence me to serious pain.

He slid his chair over close to mine, wrapped his big arm around me and pulled
me close.

"Ah come now Harold, no need to get upset.   I am not going to have you beaten
or anything like that.   Relax boy, you are gonna be giving yourself an ulcer if
you keep this up."  he said reasuringly, holding me close.

He was so friendly and fatherly that I began to relax.   A few moments later I
was ok again.   The trembling and tears had stopped and I felt safe.  Of course
what better time to pop bad news.

"But Harold, I can not let you off scott free, what would the other slaves
think, huh?"  he said looking me in the eye.

"No I guess you can't Sir." I replied and started to get scared again.

"That's right Harold, I can't.   Master Giovanni has been bugging the ass off me
to send you to his place.   He has also requested that it be for a week."

"A whole week Sir?" I blurted out, my fear of pain forgotten for the moment.

"Yes a whole week.   I have been putting him off because I didn't want to part
with you for that long.   However, I am going to agree to his request.   I know
you don't even want to go for an afternoon, so in my books sending you for a
week should be sufficient punishment." 

A whole fucking week with that ape.   Maybe it would be better if Charlie had me
whipped.    Shit a week, how the hell was I going to survive a week.  My eyes
had filled with tears again, but the trembling had stopped.

"Yes Sir." I replied, with a little less than what you might say was enthusiasm.

"When will I be going Sir?" I asked.

"First thing tomorrow morning, Harold.   Don't look so crest fallen, I think you
will end up liking Master Giovanni very much.   In fact your actual punishment
is not so much going to Giovanni's, but rather the coming back." he said with a
big smile.

I looked up in surprise, a dumb look on my face, I am sure.

"Ah yes, Giovanni will probably spoil hell out of you Harold.   Be prepared for
lots of sex, he loves group arrangements.  Your going to be all fucked out by
the time you get back, but will be wanting more.   Now that I think, is a most
suitable punishment, it will have a lasting effect." he said and then started to
laugh uncontrollably.

I was just enough of an idiot to believe every word he spoke.  This sounded like
the kind of punishment that I could go for.   It sounded like I was going to
have a pretty good week.  Hell I had nothing against group sex, this would be a
fun.  I had completely forgotten that Master Giovanni had lifted and dropped
that 30 lb weight attached to my balls, and smiled at my torment.

The lad arrived to administer my enema at a few minutes past 5 am the next
morning.    Afterwards, I jumped into the shower and let the hot water revive my
senses.   After a complete body shave, I prepared to get dressed for my trip to
Master Giovanni's.

I was told to wear the standard slave outfit plus the hood/partial face mask. I
then headed for the bar for breakfast.

Charlie and Pat were already there, drinking coffee.   Charlie had me stand back 
and turn around slowly, giving me a good inspection to make sure I met his
standards, which really meant he was looking for any missed body hair.  I kept
my fingers crossed that I had got them all.  The last thing I wanted this
morning was to have Charlie on my ass.

I must have been ok, because after making a complete swing around, he told me to
sit.   Harry was already pouring my coffee.   He then took my breakfast order.

"Well how are you feeling about this visit, Harold?" Charlie asked.

"If it makes you happy Sir, then I makes me happy.   I now only live to serve,
Sir."  talk about groveling.

He smiled and placed one of his big hands on mine.

"That's my boy.   I want you to make me proud of you this week, Harold.   You
obey Master Giovanni completely.   I'll tell you right now he will want you to
do things you will positively hate, do it anyway.    He will also involve you in
things you are going to love, in the end it will all balance out.  Take the good
with the bad and you will be ok."  Charlie said encouragingly.

"I will do my vary best to make you proud Sir.   I promise." I answered
solemnly.

"Good." he said.

Just at that moment Harry arrived with our breakfasts.  We all dug in right
away,  after a few moments Charlie started talking with Pat about financial
matters so I just ate quietly, not paying particular attention.

Pat and Larry arrived just as I was finishing off my home fries.  I had Harry
refill my cup when he served them.   While they ate we talked about sports, Pat
and Charlie were still deep in their financial discussion.

When they were finished and the dishes had been cleared away, we continued to
talk sports as we sipped our coffee.   Finally Charlie turned his attention back
to us.

"Master Giovanni insist you be transported as freight, Harold.   That is his
right as a Master.   All slaves entering his premises, do so as freight.   It
will be exactly the same as your trip to Master Dieter's, however this time we
will let you empty your bladder first." he informed me and then broke out
laughing.

The other three thought that was funny as well.   I was the only one that still
had a straight face.

"Ah, I guess you don't see the humor in that do you Harold?" he asked.

"Well not really, Sir.   I was in a lot of pain." I replied.

"Your problem is you are still a wimp, Harold.   But don't worry as time goes on
you will leave your wimpy ways behind you."  the he started laughing again.

This gave me a moment to think about how I was going to be transported.   Last
time it was a crate packed into form fitting Styrofoam.   My urethra had been
sealed, early in the morning, I had been forced to drink water and then kept
without bladder relief for more than five hours before they crated me.  After
crating, I was left on the loading dock for at least an hour or more. By the
time I got to Dieter's I was in real agony.  

The guys at Dieter's had rough handled the crate and my pain became so bad that
I finally passed out.   I didn't want that again.   Charlie had just said that
he didn't intend on sealing my dick so I guess it wouldn't be too bad.

"Well you better get down to the loading dock so Pete and Larry can get you
packed up for the trip.   I am going to miss having you around Harold.   But in
seven days you will be back home." he reached out with one of his big paws and
shook my hand.

"Be good." he said then turned back to Pat.

Pete, Larry and I stood up and headed for the freight room.  Jake, the freight
room attendant, was waiting for us.   It looked like the same crate I had been
shipped in before.   I sat down on the molded bottom portion.  Pete inserted a
gag into my mouth.   It was one of those balloon type.    After it was inserted
and strapped in place, he connected a small rubber bulb pump and filled the
balloon portion.    I felt it fill my mouth and try to force my jaws apart.  
However the straps used to hold the damned thing in also held the jaws closed.  
This was not a pleasant contraption to have in one's mouth.

Larry then place the top part of the Styrofoam packing over me.  There was a
small round opening at the face which would permit me to breath.  Pete and Larry
each took a turn peeking in the hole and wishing my well.   All I could do was
wink in reply.

The side and top were then placed into position and screwed closed.  I was
effectively sealed in this crate, completely unable to move or call out for help
should anything happen.   It was a scary feeling.   At least I didn't have to
piss this time.   If they didn't fuck around too long I might get delivered to
Master Giovanni's and be unpacked before the need arose.

Styrofoam is an excellent sound absorbing material.    I could not hear anything
taking place outside the crate.   It was like being in a dark, sealed tomb.   I
sat there for the longest time, I estimated at least a half hour or more.

Suddenly I felt the crate being moved and I thought thank goodness, it is about
time.   But the fucking idiots doing the moving tipped the crate up on it's end,
the end in front of me.   I was now lying on my stomach, it was not a
comfortable position to be in.

I was left like that for a bit before the crate was put on a cart and moved into
a truck.   Once in the truck the crate was placed down properly so I was sitting
again.   After a short interval the truck started moving.

The drive was a long one, it was at least an hour and a half before the truck
finally came to a stop and backed up.   I was weary from being in this crate and
wanted out real bad.   I felt the crate being lifted, it was tilted back
slightly so I figured  a hand cart was being used.

But I wasn't moved into a building, my crate was placed on another vehicle.  
What was going on.    This other vehicle did not have springs and I felt every
little stone the damned thing drove over.     A few moments later it came to a
stop and my crate was moved once again.   It felt like I was on a conveyor belt.   
But what the hell would I be doing on one of those.    Where the fuck was I
being taken?

At the end of the conveyor belt ride the crate was manhandled into another
position and then all movement stopped.  I expected someone to unfasten the
screws any moment and let me out, but it didn't happen.   The crate was left
alone.   I figured I had been in the crate for over two hours now.   Surely
someone was going to let me out soon.

Then I felt something really strange, a vibration.   This vibration became more
and more intense.   I was really getting scared, I had no idea at all where I
was or who was playing these games.   Well if Charlie wanted to punish me he
sure had succeeded.

Then I felt like I was moving again, not just the crate but the floor the crate
was sitting on as well.    A moment later I knew for sure we were moving, but
not along the fucking ground, my crate was in a fucking airplane.   I could feel
the Sonofabitch climbing.

Oh Charlie, what kind of game are you playing?   Am I on my way to the Parts
Farm and you didn't have the fucking balls to tell me?    I was so scared by now
that my heart was racing and I was having trouble breathing.

It took close to half an hour before I felt the engines cut back, which meant
the plane had reached cruising altitude.  Half an hour, this fucking plane was a
way up there, this weren't no four seater that's for sure.

The flight was a long one and I soon fell asleep.   When I awoke the plane was
descending and I had to pee.  I knew when the plane touched down because I felt
it give a small bounce as it touched the runway.   As a passenger in a seat I
would never have noticed it, but in this crate I felt everything.

It wasn't long after the plane came to a stop that I felt my crate being moved
again.   It was manhandled onto a conveyor and then place on small vehicle and
driven to another vehicle.   I could feel all the moves.   This last vehicle was
a truck, I was sure.   The bouncing gave it away.

The bouncing was not helping my bladder.  Each one reminded my of my need to
piss.   If they didn't get me out of here soon I would be pissing myself for
sure.  

The ride to wherever we were going turned out to be long one and my bladder just
couldn't take the bouncing.   It let go and I was bathed in hot piss.

But my piss was not the only thing that was hot.    The inside of the crate was
starting to get really warm.    I must be in some southern country that has very
warm weather, I thought.   Long before I reached the destination I was not only
wet from my piss but also from my sweat.  The inside of that crate had to have
gotten up to a hundred degrees or more.

After what had to have been two hours or more the truck finally came to a stop
and backed up.   The crate was manhandled to the back of the truck and then
something lifted it off the truck, a forklift I think and placed it on a cart. 

I was then moved again, but it only took a few moments to get wherever I was
going.   The crate was lifted and placed down on the floor.   Almost immediately
the screws were being unfastened.

The lid lifted and I felt a rush of cool air enter the stifling heat of the
crate.

"Oh shit, this one stinks.  The heat in this crate is high.  Hope it is not
dead." a male voice said out loud.

The Styrofoam was lifted and I looked up into the face of a blond young man of
about 25.   My hands went straight to the gag and turned the release valve.  The
air rushed out and gave my mouth some relief.

"This one is not bound for kries-sake." the blond said.

"Your fucking kidding." I heard another voice respond.

I moved my hand to the back of my head hoping that I might be able to unfasten
the straps that held the gag in place.   It was just a Velcro fastener and it
unfastened immediately.  I grabbed the gag and pulled it out.

"I think there has been a big mistake." I blurted out.

"I am supposed to be going to Master Giovanni, but I don't think this is his
place."

The blond just looked at me with a stunned expression on his beautiful face.  A
moment later another face peered over the lip of the crate.

"What do you mean you are supposed to be going to Master Giovanni?" he asked.

"I am supposed to go and entertain his guests for a week.   I belong to Master
Charlie, Sir.   But I think someone has made a mistake and shipped me to the
wrong place, Sir."  I replied.

"Ok, we will see about that.  Get out of the crate slowly, don't try any funny
business or you will be strung up and whipped until you can't walk for a month." 
the other guy said.

"Yes, Sir.   I won't do anything I am not supposed to, Sir." I said, as I slid
out of the Styrofoam.

"I am sorry Sir, but I am afraid I pissed myself on the flight.   I have been in
that crate for more than five hours I am sure." I apologized.

"Don't worry about it." the blond guy said.

"There ain't no paper work here either Doug." the second guy said.

"Are you sure, Al?"  Doug asked bewildered.

"Ya, I am sure.  We had better let Master Ed know right away.   I don't think
anything like this has ever happened before."  Al said.

"Ya, put him in the cell and I'll call Master Ed." Doug ordered.

Al took me by the arm and led me to a cell.   The first thing I noticed was that
it had a shower head.

"Sir, would it be alright if I used that shower.   I am covered in piss from the
flight, Sir."  I asked.

"Ya go ahead." he answered absent mindedly.

I stripped quickly, took my pouch and headed for the shower.   It was only cold
water, but my body was so hot from being in that crate I didn't give a shit, I
just wanted to get cleaned and cooled off.

I thought about the surprise on Doug's face when he saw me.   I guessed he
didn't get many slaves turn up wearing half face masks and unbound.   I giggled
inside.    I also wondered where the hell I was, it was a southern, warm
country, I knew that much.

I stayed under the cold water as long as I could stand it and then got out.   
The room airconditioned, but it was still very warm.   It didn't take very long
before my body was dry.   I had also washed out my pouch.    The leather was
still wet, but it didn't smell of piss anymore.

I put everything back on and waited for this Master Ed to show up.   I suspected
that he would brief me on where I was and what was happening.   I had a long
wait.   It was at least an hour before he came to see me.

The moment he walked into the room I recognized him.   He had been one of the
Master's at Dieter's Party.  

"Take off that fucking mask slave." he ordered upon approaching me.

I hurriedly complied.

"Well blow me if it isn't, Harold." he stated.

"Yes Sir." I replied.

"Do you know where you are, Harold?" he asked.

"No Sir, I don't Sir." I replied.

"You are at the Parts Farm, Harold.   There has not been a mistake, only an
error in timing.   I thought it was tomorrow you were to arrive.   So I had not
made  my freight handlers aware of your arrival." he said with a grin.

"The Parts Farm, then Master Charlie has given up on me." I said feeling very
weak in the knees.

"Yes, he has decided that the only thing you are good for is to provide parts
for someone with more fucking intelligence in the tip of their small toe they
you have in your whole fucking body."

Tears had started to cascade down my cheeks.   The Parts Farm.   I was to be cut
up into pieces and my parts sold to the highest bidder.   Just like a car in a
chop shop.  I looked at him and then everything went black.

The shadows were all around me, holding hands.  A large circle of shadows
dancing round and round, they had trapped me and were closing in for the kill.  
I was too tired to struggle anymore, I sat down and waited for them.

"You want me you bastards well come and get me.   I ain't fighting or running no
more.   I am finished.   I would rather be dead then continue with all this
terrible fear and pain."  I screamed at them.

They paid me no nevermind, they just kept dancing around and around, driving me
crazy.

"Well come on, come and get me.  You wanted me, here I am, I am all yours.  Just
take me before they start cutting me up." I yelled.

Suddenly a bright light shone down and bathed me.   The shadows disappeared, it
was just me and this bright light. 

"Ah the poor wimp is giving up."  a voice boomed out of the light.

"The road gets a little rough and the wimp sits down and cries like a baby.  You
deserve to be cut up and sold, but I pity the poor fuckers that buy your parts.  
They will all be second rate parts.  Not good for much, coming from a wimp." 
the voice taunted.

"I am not a wimp.   I am tired.  I just want to go back to my small apartment
and the life I had before Charlie.   I wasn't bothering anyone.  So just fuckoff
and let the shadows have me.   I ain't fighting no more."  I yelled back at the
voice.

The voice broke into laughter, laughter like thunder.  

"Oh you are going to fight wimp, oh yes you are going to fight.   Just wait
until they start pulling out your eyes, oh yes you will fight."  and he laughed
again.

"Noooooooooooooooooo." I screamed.

"Noooooooooooooooooo." I screamed as I awoke from the blackness.

I was still in the cell, but lying on the floor.   I sat up, but there was no
one in the room outside the cell.   I looked around and could see that I was in
one of a dozen or more cells that lined one wall on this side of the room.  All
the other cells were empty.

The other thing I noticed is that my slaves outfit had been removed while I was
unconscious.   I was completely naked, but I had gotten used to that so it
didn't really bother me.

I wondered how long I would live.  I prayed that someone needed a heart real
bad.   I would rather they took the heart first then they could do whatever the
hell they wanted with my body.   But I didn't want to be cut up one piece at a
time.  A shudder went through me from head to foot.

Why, I thought.   Why had Charlie sent me here?  Was it really such a sin to
scream, "no", when you are terrified beyond description?

Well I guess it didn't really matter now, I was here and didn't have much longer
to live.   To live.....shit I am only 19 years old, I haven't even begun to live
yet and these bastards are going to take that life from me.   Take my life and
all of the working parts of my body, for what?   For the fucking almighty
fucking dollar, that's what.   The almighty fucking dollar.

These thoughts were running through my mind when Doug and Al reappeared.

"On your feet Harold.   Turn around, place your hands behind your back and shove
them through the bars." Doug ordered.

From conditioning I automatically obeyed.   One of them slapped a pair of cuffs
on the moment my wrists were through the bars.    Then Al opened the door of the
cage and entered.

"Ok come with us." he said.

I walked out of the cage and Al stayed behind me.   Doug led the way to the door
and I followed.    We went down a long hall way with many corridors branching
off.    He turned and went down one of these corridors, there had been so many I
had no idea where I was.

He finally stopped, opened a door and entered.   I followed him in and Al
followed.   It looked like a doctors office.   It had an examination bed and all
the other things you would see when visiting your friendly neighborhood family
doctor.

"Up on the bed and lay down, Harold." Doug ordered.

I obeyed.   From each side of the bed they pulled out stirrups.   They had me
place my feet in them.   Using leather straps they secured my ankles and my
thighs to the stirrups.

Then they each took a wrist and pulled an arm down the side of the bed.   It was
then I noticed that the bed had been narrowed at this end to permit the arms to
hang straight down.

However once over the edge they were pushed under the table and the cuffs were
refastened.   There was no way I was getting up off this table unless they
wanted me too.

I watched as Doug went over to a cupboard and pulled something out.  He came
back to the bed holding what looked like a black ring.

"See this Harold?" he said.

I nodded.

"This is very similar to a cattle prod, but it is a very ingenious device.   It
is powered by the energy flow in your own body, so it never needs batteries or
recharging.   It can generate a charge up to 24,000 volts." he paused for
effect.

"That charge can be released directly into you cock and balls via a small remote
control like this one." he said holding up a small black box.

"As well, all doors and windows leading out of this building have a device that
will trigger the charge should you get within two feet without permission.   So
do not go near an exterior door or window unless told to do so."

"The device has an electronic lock which can only be released by Master Ed.   If
you try to remove it this is what will happen to your cock and balls." he said
pointing to Al.

Al held up an Identical ring.   He pushed a huge carrot through the center and
did something and the carrot was cut in half with a loud snap.   Al then brought
the device up close so I could see what had happened.

"Inside the device is a very thin wire." he showed me the one that had just cut
the carrot.

"It is attached to two powerful springs.   Any attempt to open the ring without
using the electronic key will trigger the spring and your cock and balls are
history." he said with a smile.

While Al was demonstrating, Doug placed the ring he had shown me around the root
of my cock and balls.   I felt it snap closed.   It sunk in right away that
there was no escape from this place.  I felt a tear escape from my eyes and run
down my cheek.

"Hey look Harold, ok this is not a great place, but I will tell you this, as
long as you behave they look after you real well.   If they remove any of your
parts they give you the best treatment available on this planet.   You will
never have any physical pain."  Doug said with compassion.

I knew then he didn't really like his job, but had no alternative.   I wondered
if he was also a forced donor or was he just a slave.   I didn't have time to
speculate anymore because a doctor arrived.

"Ah, the famous Harold, Dinky the doggie himself.   Never thought I would see
you here but then you never can tell in this business.   I hope you will give us
a Dinky doggie show Harold, it sure would help build spirits.   The guys here
all need to have their spirits lifted." he said jovially.

"Now lets give you a good check over and see which of your parts might be
suitable for sale, shall we?"

The fucking guy was crazy.   You don't talk to people like that.   He made it
sound like selling parts of a human body was normal behavior.    But worst of
all to talk like this to the person from whom you were going to steal those
parts.   The man had no heart at all, he didn't give a shit about his patients.

The first thing he did was hook me up to a number of different machines.   I
guessed they were to check various systems to see how they were functioning.  
They never bothered to tell me what they were for.

He took blood, listened to my heart and lungs and felt me all over,  again I had
no idea what he was checking for.   He spent an inordinate amount of time
playing around with my dick and balls.   In no time at all I was erect and he
started to wank me.

"Do you like this Harold?" he asked.

"Not particularly, Sir." I answered honestly.

He may have me hard, but that didn't mean I was enjoying it.

"It is amazing how many guys will lie to me about this.     You love it Harold,
your cock says so.   Just look at it, throbbing away and dripping precum.   Oh
yes Harold, you may fool others but you can never fool your doctor."

All the while he kept a slow wank going on my cock.    He suddenly surprised the
hell out of me by bending over and taking me in his mouth.   I immediately and
involuntarily, gave a loud moan of pleasure.    I just couldn't help myself, his
mouth was so hot on my cock.   It just felt fantastic.

He was soon deep throating my now raging hardon.     He picked up the pace and
was face fucking himself like there was no tomorrow.   I almost wondered if he
had a clit or something down his throat, it seemed like he couldn't get enough
of my cock.

With his head bobbing furiously up and down on my hot dick my balls said, "Tally
ho," and began shooting my hot seed down his frantic throat.   He never let up
for a second and I am sure not a drop of my hot sauce escaped from between his
suctioning lips.

Even after my nuts had emptied he continued to suck.   I was beginning to think
he was stuck there and would never come off.

Finally he pulled his head away and looked me in the eye.  

"Yes, yes very nice cum you have their Harold.    There is an old man in
Singapore that is willing to pay 2 million American dollars for a set of nuts
that can produce cum like yours.   After tasting your cum I know that we have
just made a sale."  he giggled.

"We will notify the old guy tonight and he should be here in a day or two.  
Once he sucks you off and tastes that cum I know he will purchase your balls."

I lay there stunned.   Just like that he talks about selling my nuts.   But it
won't do any good, nuts can't be transplanted.

"Why, Sir.   Testicles can not be transplanted.    They won't work for him." I
said shakily.

"Oh he knows that.    Yours will be the tenth set he has purchased.    He has
them placed in a jar and they sit on a shelf in his den.    He looks at them and
remembers how good the cum that came from them was."  he answered jovially.

"Oh my gawd." I said.

"Yes that is the normal reaction, Harold.   But think of it this way boy, you
really have no more need of your nuts.    You won't live more than six months so
they are really of no use to you anymore.   This way they won't be totally
wasted.   The old guy will have something to keep him happy till he dies." 

I couldn't say anything else, this guy was a complete mad man, as is everyone
else associated with this place.

He finally finished with his examination and prepared to leave.

"Well then Harold I have everything I need.   You are in really good physical
shape and should be congratulated for looking after your body so well.    We
shall be able to sell almost everything." he smiled.

"I do hope you will put on a Dinky doggie show for us before the old guy comes
to taste you.   I would like to see the show before we take your nuts.   Well
good bye for now." he said as he turned and walked out of the room.

A moment later Doug and Al were back.   They unfastened my bonds and let me get
up.  I placed my hands behind my back for them to put the cuffs on but they
didn't even notice.

"We are going to take you to the ward now Harold.   You have been assigned a bed
and that will be yours until you pass on.   There is no need to put you in cuffs
or any other kind of bondage at the moment, that little ring around your dick
will do the job of keeping you where you are supposed to be." Doug said.

"Ok follow us." he said as he headed out of the room.

I got up off the bed and followed.    It wasn't far before they entered a large
room.   There were four beds, two on each side, with a bright sunny window on
the outside wall.

My bed turned out to be next to the window.    There were three other guys
occupying the other beds and all were asleep at the moment.

"We will introduce you to your room mates later.   All three have been here for
a while and they need an afternoon sleep.    They are given an injection to make
sure they do, so you don't have to worry about awakening them.    Once they
start removing parts from you, you too will start to have the afternoon naps." 
Doug said.

"It may be a good idea if you just lay down and rest for a while.   A nurse will
be in later and will fill you in on the routine.   So take care and we will talk
with you later." he said, then he and Al left.

I lay down on the bed.  So this would be my last bed.   This room, my last room, 
I was going to die here.    Tears formed in my eyes again, I just couldn't help
myself, damn it, it was so unfair.

I must have been pretty tired because I soon fell into a troubled sleep filled
with the ghosts of amputees.

"Wake up Harold." a voice I didn't recognize called to me.

I opened my eyes, the room was not as bright as it had been.   The sun had moved
away from the window.    A man of about 35 or 40 stood beside the bed.   He was
a good looking man, about 5'8, 160 lbs.   He had dark black hair and he had a
heavy beard shadow on his face.   I figured that under that white gown he was
wearing was one hairy dude.

"Wake up boy, it is almost time for dinner.  From now until you are confined to
bed, you will wear the standard slaves outfit.   You are not to wander around
the halls naked, is that understood?" he said.

"Yes Sir." I answered.

"Good......my name is Alexander, but you may call me Alex.   I am the head nurse
for this ward.   If you have any problems you bring them to me.   If you
misbehave you will have to answer to me, and I will tell you now that I handle
all disciplinary problems by pushing the button to activate the charge around
your nuts.   You will only misbehave once, I can guarantee it."  he stated.

"I will not misbehave, Sir." I said.

"Good....get dressed then go out into the hall and turn left, count down to the
fourth door on the right, that is the nurses station.   I will meet you there."

"Yes Sir." I answered.

He turned and left.   I began to dress.   I noticed that the other three guys
were all still sound asleep.   Well I guess it wouldn't be too bad.   Once they
started removing parts they kept you asleep most of the time so you wouldn't
have to dwell on it, I guessed.

Once dressed I followed Alex's instructions.   I knocked on the door and
entered.   It was a busy place and Alex was talking to another nurse.   I moved
to a spot that was out of the way, got down on my knees and adopted the relax
position.

When the other nurse finally left Alex glanced my way and saw me in the rest
position.   He came over right away.

"You don't have to do that here, Harold.   You are no longer a slave, you are
now a patient." he said gently.

"No Sir, I am a slave and I am here to be dismembered and murdered." I replied
quietly.

He stood there kind of dumbstruck for a moment.

"No one is going to murder you Harold.   Your parts are needed by sick people
all over the world, you are doing the world a favor.    When you die it will be
from natural causes." he said.

I looked up at him and laughed gently.

"Yes, I guess you are right, it is only natural that a body will die when the
heart is removed." I said.

"Well in any case come along and I will introduce you to Reg, he is going to be
you buddy for the next week or two.   He will show you around and basically fill
you in on the rules.   Pay close attention Harold, because as I have told you I
punish by pushing the button."

"Yes Sir, I will Sir."  I replied.

He started out the door and I got up and followed him.    We went down the hall
a short way and entered a lounge room.   There was a large TV, book shelves
loaded with books and large, soft, comfortable looking easy chairs.

A huge black man got up out of a chair as we entered.   Alex headed straight for
him.

"Reg this is Harold.   You know what to do."  Alex said and turned and left.

"Hi Harold." he said holding out his hand.

"Hi Reg." I replied grasping his hand and shaking.

"They tell me I have to show you around and tell you about the rules." he said.

"I only bin here a couple of days myself so I really don't know much about the
place.   The only rule that I know about is not to go near the exit doors or the
windows without permission." he said shyly.

"It's ok, Reg, don't worry about it.   We'll just stick together and learn the
ropes as we go."  I said, trying to comfort him.

He was a big man, at least 6'2 and must have weighed in at around 260 or 270.  
He was very broad in the chest and had muscles on his muscles.   I had a feeling
Reg was either a weight lifter or a boxer.

"The first thing I need to know is when are we going to eat, Reg.  I am
starved." I said.

"Oh, we can eat anytime.   The mess is always open for us.   You get hungry in
the middle of the night just head to the mess and they will feed you." he said
with a smile.

"Well I don't usually eat in the middle of the might, but I sure would like to
eat now."

"Ok let's go, afterward I will show you all the stuff they have for us to do."
he said.

We left the lounge and headed down the hall again.    It was quite a way down
the hall before Reg turned down another hall, but I was now getting the smell of
food so I knew the mess was close by.

We didn't go much farther before he opened a door and ushered me into a large
dining room.    The first thing I noticed was that it was a proper dining room.  
A large table took up the centre of the room.   It would seat about 30 people at
one sitting.  

Two large chandeliers hung by chains right over the table.   Around the outside
of the room were side boards, used I suspected for placing hot trays of food
during formal dinners.

Each place around the table had a table mat and the cutlery was already set.  
Bowls of fresh fruit were spaced down the centre of the table along with vases
of cut flowers.  Then the big surprise, the room had a host.

"Good evening Mr. Reg, Sir and Mr. Harold, Sir.   Welcome to the dining room, do
you care for a full meal or just a snack Sir's." he asked.

"Full meals, Timothy." Reg answered.

"Very good, Sir.   This way please." he said leading us to the table.

He sat us side by side.    It seemed to me kind of funny.   This huge table, but
only two diners.   It made me feel kind of small, like a child that has to sit
on books to have diner with the adults.

He then handed us both menu's and asked if we would like wine or a cocktail.
Wine or cocktail, wow they do go all out to make us comfortable.  

"Would it be possible to have a coke?" I asked shamefaced, but I wanted coke.

"Why most certainly, Mr. Harold, anything within reason, Sir." he said.

"Well that's what I would like please, Timothy, a nice cold coke."

"I'll have my usual, Timothy." Reg said.

"Do you have any idea what this is all about, Harold?   They keep talking about
body parts, what the hell do they mean?" Reg asked.

"Oh fuck man, they haven't briefed you have they?" I said in surprise.

"No, one moment I was in Jack's gym working the weights and the next I wake up
here.    They bin' real nice to me, but I don't know what the hell is going on."
he said quietly.

"Well I hate to be the one to break the news Reg but this is a Parts Farm.  
Human Parts." I said.

"Huh!   What the hell is a human parts farm, Harold,   I never heard of anything
like that." he said in confusion.

"Reg, you and me and all the guys in those rooms, they are going to cut us up
one piece at a time and sell our parts to the highest bidder.   That Reg is what
this place is." I said bitterly.

"You joshin' me." he said with a grin.

"Reg I only wish I were.    The doc told me when I got here that they already
have someone that wants to buy my balls?" I said.

"Your balls, but they won't do anyone else any good." he said.

"Ya, I know that and you know that but tell it to the old rich bastard that
wants to buy them.   He wants to put them in a jar and put it on his mantle so
he can look at them whenever he wants." I said sullenly.

"But that don't make no sense." Reg replied.

"Right, it don't make no fucking sense at all, except these bastards will get 2
million American dollars from the old bastard."

"2 million bucks for your nuts, shit, I think I might sell mine for that much
moolah." he said, his eyes aglow.

"Ya, but I don't get a penny of it.   They do, the owners of this fucking farm.  
What I get is an empty ball sac and to sing falsetto.   No more cum.  
Bastards."

"Oh hey man, I didn't realize.   You ain't foolin' are you?" he said sadly.

"No Reg I ain't kiddin', this fucking place is for real.   Within six months, if
we are lucky we will both be dead.   Little bits of us spread all over the
fucking world."

He then went very quiet.    For the first time since his arrival, he now knew
what this place was all about.   I watched his face closely and could see anger
building up there.

"Reg." I said.

"Ya Harold."

"Did they put one of those black rings around your dick and balls?"

"Ya, Doug and Al had me strapped down to a bed.   They said somethin' about it
being electrical or sumthin'.   I really didn't understand what the hell they
were talking about.   That was when they told me I had to stay away from exit
doors and windows.   They said if I got too close I would be electrocuted."

"Well Reg that ring around your cock is like a cattle prod, you must have seen
them in the movies or on TV.   It is a prod that delivers an electrical charge
to a cow.   It is how they keep them under control."

"Ya I think I did seen something like that." he replied again looking confused.

"Well that ring around your cock is a smaller version of the cattle prod.   If
you do anything they don't like they can push a button and a heavy charge of
electricity will turn your nuts into one ball of fire." I said.

"Oh shit, would they do that?" he asked incredulously.

"Yes Reg, I am afraid they would.    You could not imagine how painful it is
until it has happened to you.    Don't piss them off Reg you really won't like
having that charge set off."

"Did they do it to you, Harold?" he asked.

"No, but another Master, back in Canada, hit me with a charge repeatedly on my
nuts about a month or so ago.    He had me tied down and hit me with it a few
times.    Reg there is no pain like it, there really isn't.    Then two weeks
ago another Master was fucking around.   He accidentally delivered a full charge
to my left pectoral.   It tore the fucking muscle up and took over a week to
heal."

"Oh man, that sounds bad."

"Ya, so be careful.   Alex said he always punishes by pushing the button, so
whatever you do, don't piss him off.   I believe he would push that button."

"Ok, I'll be careful, Harold.   But how am I going to stop them from cutting me
up?"

"I wish I knew, Reg.   I really wish I knew."

Our dinners arrived at that point, so the conversation ended.    I really was
starving, it had been a long time since breakfast.

After eating, Reg took me to see the gym, the swimming pool, the billiards room
and the games room.   There was also a glass enclosed atrium, it had water
falls, plants and flowers and small streams.   Park benches were placed
strategically around so one could sit and just enjoy the peace and quiet.

We went back to the lounge and just sat and talked until very late.   No one
bothered us or told us what to do.   In fact I don't recall seeing any of the
staff at all.

I became very tired and told Reg I would  meet him in the dining room for
breakfast, then headed for my room.

The other three guys were still asleep.   The room was dark, except for a small
night light over my bed.  I undressed quickly and climbed under the covers.  I
was just reaching up to turn out the light when the door opened and someone came
in.

He came over to the bed.   It was difficult to see him in the small amount of
light emitted by the night light.   As well he was dressed completely in black,
including a hood.

"Don't bother with the light.  You are not going to sleep just yet." a deep
voice commanded.

"Get up and follow me."

He turned and started to walk away.

"I have to get dressed, Sir.  Alex told me I was not to walk around naked."  I
said.

He stopped, turned and looked at me.

"Fuck Alex.  Now follow me."

I knew better than to argue.  I jumped out of bed and hurried to catch up.  Out
in the hall he turned right and walked away at a fairly fast clip.   The black
leather kept reflecting light as he walked.   It was as though he had little
lights attached to his outfit.

He turned left down the first corridor we came to.    He continued down it until
the next corridor then turn right.  He didn't go very far down this corridor
until he stopped and opened a door.   He entered, not waiting for me at all.

The door almost slammed shut before I caught it and pushed it open.   I entered
into a very, very dark room.    There was some kind of recessed or hidden
lighting around the  edges of the ceiling but they were turned down as low as
they would go, at least it seemed that way from the lack of light.

"The patient will not look around." a voice boomed out of the darkness.

"The patient will move to the centre of the room and adopt the relaxed
position."

I obeyed the command, found what I thought was the centre of the room and went
down on my knees.   I held my head slightly down and looked at the floor in the
darkness.

"What was your name, patient?" the voice asked.

"Harold, Sir." I answered without looking up.

"Harold, you have broken one of our rules and must be punished." the voice
bellowed.

"I didn't' do anything Sir.   I was only told not to go near exit doors or the
windows, Sir."  I answered in defense.

What fucking rule had I broken.   I was careful not to do anything to piss
anyone off.

"Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhggggggiiiiieeeee" I screamed as a shot of electricity slammed
into my nuts.

I fell to the floor in agony.   My nuts were on fire.   I grabbed them and
massaged trying to stop the pain.   I think I was also screaming and moaning.

It took quite a while before the pain settled down.   I sat up slowly, still
massaging my sore nuts.   Well one thing for sure, Doug hadn't lied about the
power of that little ring.

I then got myself back up into the relax position.   I figured I had better
satisfy this idiot or he was going to fry my balls again.

"I am most sorry if I have offended you Master.    I did not mean to do so, Sir. 
I am truly ignorant of which rule I have broken."  I said desperately, hoping he
would accept this.

"Do you admit to breaking one of our rules?" he asked.

"If the Master says I broke a rule, Sir, then I have broken a rule and deserve
to be punished, Sir.   I place myself at your mercy, Sir."  I babbled trying to
think of ways to avoid another hit from that zapper.

"It is against the rules to talk with another patient about his medical
treatment.   All patients are here for their own good.   Parts that are no
longer of any use to the patient are removed.  This is a very personal matter
and should not be openly discussed. Do you understand?"  the voice continued to
boom.

"Yes Master, the reasons for a patient being here is confidential and it is none
of my business.   I should not discuss my case or any other patient's case with
anyone, Sir.    Is that correct, Sir?" 

"Ah yes, Harold, that is correct.  Do not do it again." the voice boomed

"Ahaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggghhhhieeeeee" I screamed and fell to the floor holding my
nuts.

The bastard had hit me again.  I curled up in a ball, crying in agony.   This
hit seemed much worse then the first one and it took longer before it settled
down enough that I could get up into the relax position again.

"Stand up and follow me." it was the voice of the guy all dressed in black.

I got up quickly, but my nuts were still hurting something fierce.   It really
was painful to move, but I had no choice, I certainly didn't want to get hit
again.

He led me to another room and opened a door.   He stood back and told me to go
in and take up the relax position in the centre of the room.

There was a low light in this room, much brighter then the last one, but still
pretty low.   The only furnishings I could see was a chair up against a wall,
other than that the room was empty.

I made my way to the centre of the room and got down into the relax position and
waited for heaven knew what.

And it was a long wait.   I was now dead tired and wanted desperately to go to
sleep.    Each time my head fell to my chest I would lift it up again.   Staying
in the relax position became a real chore.   I was very groggy and had to really
concentrate on the task.

Finally a door opened behind me and someone entered the room.   I came wide
awake and sat up straight.   I was well enough trained that I knew better then
to turn around.   I stayed ridged with my head down slightly  and stared at the
floor.

I heard the whistle before the belt struck me across the shoulders.   The
whistle had warned me of what was coming so I took a deep breath just before the
belt struck.   It hurt, but I manage to keep the pain inside.  I knew that to
cry out meant he would hit me harder and for a much longer time then if I kept
my pain inside.

The belt whistled through the air, again and again.    I was in real pain, but I
still held my screams inside.   After the tenth lash he stopped and walked
around in front of me.

I could see a pair of black leather boots, highly shined and a pair of skin
tight leather or latex pants, I really couldn't be sure in this light without
touching.

"Suck." he ordered.

I looked up, a magnificent, cut cock stared me in the eye.   It was at least
eight inches long and almost two in diameter.   I took the huge purple head in
my mouth and made love to it.    It was so soft and had a sweet taste.

I ran my tongue up and down the shaft lovingly, almost worshiping it.   The man
had also pulled out his balls and they hung down just below my chin.   I brought
a hand up and began to massage them gently.

The man gave an involuntary moan and pushed his hips forward.   He wanted in
deeper and I wanted to oblige.  I pushed forward and felt the head enter my
throat.    I stopped pushing forward and just let it sit there, it felt so
damned good.

My tongue was busy applying all those little tricks that I had learned from
Dicky.  I could hear soft moans and gasps from the man.  They may be going to
kill my but I was going to show them what the fuck they were loosing.

After working that head gently at the entrance to my throat for a bit, it was
time to take it deep down.   Without any indication I was about to do so I
suddenly pushed forward.    The huge cock slid down my throat, I didn't stop
pushing until I felt the hard bone of his pubs against my nose, lips and chin.

At the same moment I lifted my other hand and rubbed his latex covered ass.   It
felt so smooth and sexy.    My cock gave a jump.

"Oh.....fuck yes." he almost screamed.

Enjoy asshole, I thought because once you fuckers start cutting me up you get no
more.

I had my face push up tight against his crotch, impaled on his cock.   His hips
were making little involuntary movements now and he kept crying out:

"Yes, yes, yes."

I kept still, letting his tension build, my tongue sliding around the bit of
shaft in my mouth.   The head was pulsing deep in my throat.   When I felt he
couldn't take any more, I started a slow, rhythmic  fuck.

My hand was now moving up and down his leg then back to his ass.    All this
stimulation to his most sensitive areas was driving him wild.    He was loosing
control and that is exactly what I wanted.

I felt his hands wrap around my head.   As soon as they did I ceased all
movement.     He wanted control ok, he could have it.   He started to masturbate
his dick using my head.

Both of my hands had dropped back to my knees and I just sat there while he did
all the work.   It was only a few seconds later that giving a great yell, he
began to unload huge globs of cum into my mouth.

Actually it was only one load in my mouth, the rest he managed to unload deep in
my throat.  I savored the load that had managed to collect around his plunging
shaft.    He finally stopped masturbating and pulled his cock out.   I swallowed
the load in my mouth and waited for orders.

Orders that didn't come.    He just turned, walked away and left the room.  My
tiredness soon returned.   I could barely sit there, so I lay down and let
myself fall asleep.   What the hell is going to happen next, I wondered as sleep
over took me.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:  cumulust@yahoo.com  or   robolder@excite.com 




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:     cumulust@yahoo.com   or    robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 28

The Parts Farm

"Ahiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeee." I screamed out as  cold water woke me from a deep,
troubled sleep.

"Wake up Harold, you can't be spending all day sleeping, that will come soon
enough." Al yelled out.

I sat up quickly shivering from the cold water.  Al stood off to one side
holding a water bucket.

"Do you know how to find your way back to your room from here?" he asked.

"No Sir, I have no idea where I am." I replied truthfully.

"Ok, follow me and I will lead you back.   Have a shower, shave your body then
go for breakfast.   I assume you remember how to get to the dining room from
your room."

"Yes Sir, I am pretty sure." I replied as I got up off the floor, the cold water
dripping off.

He took me down a number of corridors that all looked alike, finally stopping in
front of a door the same as the countless others we had passed.

"This is your room." he said.

"After you finish breakfast do whatever you like, we will find you if we want
you." he said as he turned and walked off in the direction we had come.

I opened the door and entered.   The three guys were still asleep.   I was
beginning to think they were never awake anymore, well it was probably a blessed
relief for them.

Just inside the room, like any normal 4 person hospital ward, there was a
bathroom. This one was well equipped with a shower, tub, sink and vanity with
mirror.   He told me I was to shave so I figured there must be razors here
somewhere.   I pulled on the vanity mirror and it opened.   Inside were
disposable razors, shaving cream and a small stack of new toothbrushes as well
as toothpaste.

I had not brushed my teeth last night so that was the first thing I did, I
wanted to get rid my mouth of that horrible morning taste.   I then grabbed a
new razor, a can of foaming shaving cream and jumped into the shower.

About thirty minutes later I climbed out of the shower, feeling fresh and new. 
Back in the room I found a slaves outfit in the small cupboard under my bedside
table.   I dressed quickly and headed for the dining room to meet Reg.

I found my way back to the dining room but I am sure it was only because of the
smells in the hall way.  I opened the door and entered.

"Good morning Mr. Harold."  Timothy greeted me.

"Good morning Timothy, is Reg here yet?"

"Oh no Sir, Mr. Reg will not be taking his meals here anymore." he said
politely.

I knew better than to ask questions, instead I let him lead me to the table.  I
ordered coffee and a complete breakfast.   After eating I left and made my way
to the nurses station.

Alex had told me that Reg would be my buddy for a couple of weeks, so it would
only be natural for me to ask him where I would find Reg.

"Ah good morning Harold." Alex greeted me when I entered the nurses station.

"I trust you slept well, but I must caution you, it really would be more prudent
to spend the nights in your own bed."  he warned.

"But the Master took me and left me in that room, Sir." I said in defense.

"A Master took you?   I know of no such thing happening." he said.

"I inadvertently broke a rule yesterday and he took me to be punished, Sir."  I
said with my head bowed.

"You were punished?   How?" he asked in surprise.

"I was zapped twice, Sir.   But I swear Sir I didn't realize I had broken a
rule.  It won't happen again, Sir, I promise."  I said getting all flustered
now, afraid he would punish me as well.

He must have sensed or saw my agitation because he tried to calm me down.

"Hey it is ok, Harold.  I am not angry with you.   Relax.    I didn't know that
you had been taken.    What rule did you break?"

"Well Sir, Reg asked me if I knew anything about this place and I told him
basically what happens here, Sir.   The Master was very unhappy with me for
meddling where I shouldn't, Sir."

"Yes, that would make the Master very unhappy.   That would explain why Reg's
schedule has been moved up." he said.

"Pardon, Sir?" I asked.

"Oh nothing you need to concern yourself with.   Reg won't be your buddy
anymore, I will have to get someone else for you." he added quickly.

"Now you go and find yourself something to do.   Reg showed you where everything
is, did he not?"

"Yes, Sir."

"If we need you we will find you, now off you go.....Oh, and by the way, Harold.  
You did the right thing coming to me like this." he said with a smile.

"Thank you, Sir." I replied.

I went back out into the hall, not sure what I wanted to do.   I was still tired
so decided I would go back to the room and try and get a bit of sleep.

When I walked in, all my room mates were awake.   Their beds had been cranked up
and they all were in a kind of sitting position.   There was not a sound in the
room.  

"Hi guys." I said.  "My name is Harold, guess I am the next victim."

That brought a smile to one of the faces, but not a sound.  I noticed that two
of the guys did not blink, they had not smiled either.   Their eyes were wide
open, but they stared straight ahead.   I looked at the third guy and he looked
back at me.   He brought a hand out from under the covers and pointed to his
eye, gave the slit throat sign then pointed to the other two.   I nodded in
understanding.   There eyes had been removed.

I was going to find out they had all been through other horrors as well.   Not
only had they both lost their eyes, all three had had their kidneys removed.   
They were all hooked up on permanent dialysis, the tubes were concealed by the
bedding.  

Apparently the kidneys are the very first thing to sell.   There being a great
world wide demand for kidneys.  This necessitated that each bed have it's own
permanent dialysis machine.

The dialysis machine itself was not in the room, it was behind the wall. 
Everything was made to look normal in the room.   Having the machines next to
the bed would not have been good for the patient, emotionally.  They did not
want the patient's to just give up.   Apparently when a patient gives up the
body and any usable organs quickly start to deteriorate.

There was another horror that I hadn't anticipated.   Once they start to cut you
up, the first thing they do is insert a tube down the throat that effectively
silences the vocal cords. The patient becomes a mute instantly.   An ingenious
and diabolical gag.   A special tool is needed to both insert or remove the
tube.

The reason for the muting was to keep the patient from saying anything that
would upset other patient's.    No cries of pain, no screams waking up from
nightmares.  As well, if a patient couldn't talk about what was happening to
them they couldn't dampen spirits, at least that was the theory and faulty
reasoning the assholes were using to substantiate this torture.

I went to my bed and lay down.   I tried closing my eyes and going to sleep, but
sleep wouldn't come.   The only sound was the breathing of the three muted men.  
My gawd what a horror to live through.   How was I going to manage this without
going completely mad?

My thoughts were interrupted by Alex entering the room.

"How is everyone doing?" he smiled and asked cheerily.

He went over and talked quietly to each of the others, I could not make out what
he said at all.

Then he came across and talked with the lad next to me, his name was Art.  I
heard Alex call him that.    Alex talked real low, it was difficult to catch
much of what he said, but I did catch this.

"How are your new testicles doing Art?   Has the Pain eased yet?"

By the sound of it they were experimenting with trying to transplant testicles.  
Not satisfied to just take parts they were also using us as guinea pigs.   That,
I suspected,  was the real reason for muting.  To prevent the patient from
telling the others what horrors were being tried on them as well as to prevent
them from crying out their pain.

Alex then turned his attention to me.

"Come along Harold, you will have visitors this morning." he said.

I started to ask who, but he silenced me.   I got up and followed him.   It was
a long way  through corridors that branched off corridors, man a guy could get
so lost in this place.   I knew one thing for sure I would not be able to find
my way back without a guide.

The room we entered was like a fancy living room.    It wasn't huge, but it
wasn't small either.   There were a few easy chairs and a couple of matching
sofas.   End tables with lamps, a couple of coffee tables.   A side board that
contained a large, ornate silver coffee urn and a platter of sticky buns covered
in seran wrap.

Must be important people I thought, to get this kind of treatment.  Alex moved
towards the wall on the right and pushed or touched something on the wall and a
panel opened.  He indicated for me to follow.

Behind the panel was a small dressing room.   He had me strip, everything off.  
What fucking kind of visitors would want me naked, I wondered.   They sure as
hell were not friends.

Once I was naked and had stored my slave outfit and boots in a small locker, he
motioned me to another door.

This was a room with a whole bunch of very round cages, in a row along the right
side of the room.  They stood about three feet out from the wall and three feet
apart and were only big enough for a man to stand in.  They ran from floor to
ceiling and there were eight of them.

I had been so intent on looking at these cages that I hadn't noticed I ninth
until Alex opened the front of it and motioned me to get in.    This cage was
all by itself on the left side of the room but centred.

The cage was so small I had to go in backwards because Alex wanted me facing the
centre of the room.  Once inside it would be impossible to turn around, or make
any other movement for that matter. To say it was a very tight squeeze would be
an understatement.

He closed the door and secured it with a padlock.

"There will be others here soon, if you open your mouth and say one word to any
of the other patients, you will be severely punished, Harold.   You know how I
punish, so be warned."  he cautioned as he turned and left.

What the hell were they up to now?   Others were being brought to the cages, I
was completely lost and confused.   I was also starting to ache a bit.   The
cell was not comfortable in the slightest degree.

It was perhaps ten or fifteen minutes before the door opened and Alex brought
another lad in.   He was about my age and build.    Alex forced him to get into
the first cage on the right end of  row.  He was also made get in backwards so
he was facing the centre of the room.   Alex gave him the same warning he had
given me, then he left us.

I looked at him and tried to give the what the fuck is going on look, but it was
impossible.   The lad looked scared to death, he was as white as a sheet and I
could see that he was also trembling.   He was probably like Reg, just picked up
and found himself here.   Totally alone and scared out of his wits.

I wanted to say something to him to try and ease his fears, but didn't dare.   I
did not want another zap to my nuts.    I would rather die then go through that
again. 

Over the course of the next hour, Alex and a couple of other, nurses I guess
they were, brought other guys in and put them in the cages.    One guy was so
big the nurse that brought him actually had to push against him to get him in.  
That was over half an hour ago, I could just imagine how uncomfortable the poor
bugger was by now.

The eight cages were eventually filled, each, except for the big guy, holding a
lad of about my age, height and build.    Then we waited.  

It was hours, how many I have no way of knowing for sure.    We couldn't sit, we
couldn't move, we were not permitted to  talk.  We just stood there waiting, our
inner fears taking hold.   Our imaginations flying out of control.   I have to
admit I was almost as scared as that poor lad that had followed me into this
hole.

Finally the door opened and Alex entered.

"Listen up." he ordered.

"Soon customers will enter and look at you.   If they ask you a question answer
politely.   Remember I have the black box.   Say one thing you shouldn't and
your fucking balls will feel like they are being torn off."

"Harold, you have tasted the juice, how would you like me to zap you while in
the cage?" he asked.

"Oh gawd no, Sir.  Please not while in the cage.  I'll be good and polite, I
promise Sir, but please don't zap me." I cried out in real fear.

"What's wrong Harold, don't you like the zapper, is that it?" he taunted as he
walked over and stood to one side of my cage.  Not blocking the view from any of
the other cages

"Please Sir, I had it twice last night.   I'll be good, I swear I will."  I was
crying now.

Alex turned and looked at the other cages.

"I get the impression that Harold doesn't like being zapped.   Poor Harold."  he
joked.

He turned back to me.

"Too bad Harold, but I have to demonstrate for these lads and I think you are
the perfect one to demonstrate on."   he said holding up the black box.

He smiled and I watched as he started to push the button.

"Nooooooooooo Pleaseeeeeeeeeee." I screamed out.

"Ahaaaaaaaaaaaagggggghhiiiiiiieeeeee" I screamed from the agonizing pain that
shot through my testicles.  

My arms were wedged at my side so I was unable to grab my nuts to massage out
the hurt.    I could not double over to ease the pain that was pulling through
my groin.   All I could do was scream out my agony.

The only good thing, yes there was a good thing, is that he had set the zap low.   
I now knew beyond a doubt that they could do that.   This zap was painful,
agonizing, but not as bad or long lasting as the ones last night.

"As you can see from poor Harold's reaction, the zapper is quite painful.   If
any of you misbehave while our guests are in the room, you will be zapped.  This
is the only warning you get."  I heard him warning the others as the pain
finally started to subside.
  
I was bathed in sweat, not only from the zapping but also because with all these
bodies in such a small space the room temperature was rising.

"Are you warm Harold?" Alex asked gently, once I was almost back to normal.

"Yes Sir, it is getting very warm and close in here Sir." I answered.

"Yes you are right it is rather close.   Frank go turn on the air-conditioning,
wouldn't want our customers to have to smell the stink from this lot." he said
to the other guy that was with him.

Frank left the room and Alex walked to the wall behind me.   I turned my head
and watched as he opened a box and pulled out a hose, just a little larger in
diameter than a normal garden variety.    He turned a tap and aimed the hose
knozzle directly at me.  The walked forward until he was directly in front of
me, holding the spray knozzle like a gun.

"This should cool you down Harold." he said.

A pull of the knozzle trigger and a narrow, high pressure  stream of water shot
out and hit me square on my already aching nuts.

"Ahggggggiiiiiiiieeeee." I cried out.

That didn't stop the bastard he kept the water aimed right on my nuts.   The
pain was incredible, I couldn't protect myself in any way.  All I could do was
stand there and beg him to stop.

He finally tired of torturing my nuts and twisted the knozzle into a spray.   He
hosed me down from head to toe, front and back.   The water was ice cold and by
the time he finished I was shivering all over.

Each guy got the same treatment, including the sharp stream to the nuts.  
Once he had finished with each of them, he turned back to me and gave me one
last nut shot.   What the fuck had I done to deserve this, I wondered.

I watched thankfully as he coiled the hose up and put it away.  Frank had
returned and he picked up a floor squeegee and began to push the water on the
floor into a drain.

I also noticed that the room was beginning to get cooler.   In fact it was
starting to get down right cold.    We were all still soaking wet from the hose
down, the cold water having lowered our body temps considerably.   Now the
air-conditioning was cooling the room down.

It wasn't long before we were all shivering again, but this time from the room
temperature.   I was so cold my teeth were chattering.   Alex and Frank had left
us alone after cleaning the water up.  I was praying they would turn the
airconditioner off soon.

They left us like that for at least an hour, we were all shivering and shaking.  
I could hear everyone's teeth chattering including my own.   We were all very,
very cold and I would be willing to bet my lips had turned blue.

The door opened and Alex came in.   He walked over and stood in front of me.

"You look like you are a little cold there Harold." he said sadistically.

"Yyyyyyeeess, Sssssiiiirr." I managed to chatter out. 

I was so cold it was difficult to talk.

"Poor boy." he said.

"How are your nuts, we only cooled the room down so your nuts would feel better
Harold." he said putting his hand in and cupping my freezing nut sac, which had
lifted up close to my body to try and get warm.

"Ttttthank yyyyooou, Ssssirrrr." I managed.

"Ahaaagggggghhhhhhiiiiiiieeeeeee" I screamed as he squeezed my nut sac hard.

"Oh dear I think they are still sore, guess we should turn the airconditioner
down colder, huh?" he smiled.

"Please don't Sir." I managed to blurt out.

"Please turn it off, we are so cold Sir, please."  I begged.

All he did was laugh as he walked away and out of the room.  He must have been
feeling something though because shortly after that the room started to warm up
again.

We spent almost the entire day locked in those little tiny cages.  No food, no
water, nothing but the pain of being in such a cramped position.  It was late
afternoon before the customers entered and strolled down the line looking at
each of the lads.  

For some reason they didn't pay much attention to me.  However, every fucking
one of them grabbed my nuts and squeezed as they passed by.   They must have
been told to do it.   It was just too odd to be a coincidence.   But other than
that I was not touched, prodded, spoke to or even looked at for that matter.

However they looked closely at everyone else.   Hell they were sticking fingers
in mouths, lifting eye lids, playing with cocks.   But they left me alone except
to squeeze my balls tight.  What the fuck was going on here?

There were ten customers.  Once they had had a good look at everyone they went
back to the lounge or living room or whatever the fuck it was to drink there
fucking coffee and fill their faces with sticky buns while we continued to
suffer.   We had not been fed or watered since breakfast.

About five minutes or so after they left Alex entered and came right over to my
cage.   He used a key to unlock the padlock and opened the door.

"Ok, Harold your on boy.  Show time.   When they are finished with you, go to a
corner face out and adopt the relax position. Got that?" he asked.

"Yes Sir." I answered as I tried to get out of the cage.   

I will swear my body swelled up while stuffed in that cage.   I had a hell of a
job getting out.    I could just imagine the problem that big guy was going to
have.

Alex led me back into the living room.   The customers were all sitting either
in a chair or on one of the sofas.   Master Ed was waiting for us as I entered.

"This is Harold." he said.

"A 19 year old Canadian boy.   He is very healthy.  You can see from his body
that he has taken good care of himself.   His tests indicate that all body
organs are in excellent condition.   His eyes are a medium light brown, but they
have an extraordinary tinge of red and green, which sparkles, depending on how
the light strikes them." he said as if describing a piece of merchandise.

"Those of you interested in the eyes may have a closer look after.  Just get him
to face the light and move his head back and forth.  Those coloured tinges
really are remarkable.   A pair of eyes like these would make a very nice gift
for  someone special."

This fucking guy was a monster.   He was discussing taking my eyes to sell to
someone else, right in front of me.  How fucking cruel can you get?

"Now Mr. Crane, I know you are interested in the kidneys.   I brought Harold in
first because he is the only one that currently matches your blood type.  We
know how tiring this all is for you." he said sympathetically. 

"We have conducted a complete and thorough background check on Harold, you will
get the written report after this meeting.    We went back 5 generations, he
comes from an ancient Scottish family, so yes Sir, his blood is pure white."

What the fuck is he talking about, I don't have any Scottish ancestors.   My
father was Native American and my mother comes from a Welsh family.

"Mrs. Stewart, I know you father needs a heart transplant and Harold matches him
exactly.   If you wish to deal for Harold's heart we can probably do the
transplant in about three months.  However should your father take a turn for
the worse and the heart be needed right away, we could step everything up,
however there would be a fee to cover the loss we would sustain because of the
parts not yet sold.  You do understand I hope."

So I have about three months of life left, but will it be worth living?   Will I
be spending it in a bed, muted, while they take me apart piece by piece?  

"Those are the main bidders for this young man's vital parts.   We don't have a
request for his liver yet, but expect we will shortly.   We have three bids for
the eyes so far and I understand there is a fourth on it's way.  Because there
are so many seeking Harold's eyes, we will hold an auction next week."

"Mr. Seaton you are bidding for Harold's legs for your son.    I was so sorry to
hear about his tragic accident.   I don't suppose he will ever drink and drive
again after this.   A terrible way to learn a lesson."   Master Ed said, shaking
his head sadly.

According to the specialists report, Harold's legs would be perfect and there is
an 85% chance that the operations will be successful."

I don't believe this.   The bastards kid has destroyed his own legs by drinking
a driving, now I have to give up mine for the spoiled little prick.

"Dear Mrs. Clover,  I know how badly you want a right arm for your husband.  
But dear lady we have already tried five times and each has been a failure.   It
really is a shame to take another chance of loosing an excellent arm.   Dr Corey
does not think your husbands system will ever accept a transplant.   But we will
not refuse if you insist." he said with a sad smile.

This fucking place is a mad house.   Perfectly healthy men are having their arms
cut off to satisfy this fucking rich bitch's whim.   She doesn't give a shit for
her fucking husband, she is in love with the idea of depriving men of their
arms.

"You may look and handle the merchandise, but do be careful,  if you damage him
in any way it will cost you." he said with a smile.

"Mr. Crane, I know you are very anxious about Harold's background.   Would you
like to come up and ask him about his history now?" Master Ed asked.

An elderly man got up out of an easy chair and walked over towards me.  I took
an instant dislike to the man.   He looked like one of those snooty corporate
types.   The ones that think they are too good to talk to the guys that actually
do the work that made the fuckers rich.    He looked like a man that has so much
fucking money he gets whatever he wants, when he wants it.

"Have you ever been to Scotland, boy." the old bastard asked.

"No."  I answered flatly.

"Have you ever had sex with a black or coloured person?" he asked.

A fucking racist, well let him chew on this.

"Yes Sir, most of my sexual encounters have been with blacks, Sir." I said with
a big smile.

He went instantly scarlet, turned and stalked away. 

Master Ed looked me in the eye, he had a scowl on his face.  The old bastard was
almost back to his chair, when I doubled up in pain, falling uncontrollably to
the floor.

"Ahaaaaaaaaggggghhhiiiiieeeee" I screamed as the pain from the zapper traveled
through my groin.   I held on tight to my nuts and cried out my agony.

As my pain finally began to subside I could hear all the assholes talking
animatedly about my predicament.

"Animals." I shouted.  "Your all fucking animals."

"Ahhhhhhhhaaaaaaaggggghhhiiiiieeeee"  the pain was at least twice as bad as the
last one.  

The prick had hit me again.   I didn't care, maybe if he hit me enough it would
kill me.  But there was no way I was going to help them sell my parts.   They
would have to do that without my cooperation.   As much as I feared the zapper,
I would take it rather than give in.

As the pain subsided Master Ed gave me an order.

"Get up on your feet, Harold."

"Fuck you." I snarled.

"Ahhhhhaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiieeeeeee"

You guessed it, he hit me again.   My nuts were now one long throb of agony. 
All I wanted at this moment was to die.  I didn't care how, I just wanted to
die.

Alex and another nurse arrived, picked me up and dragged me back into the cell
room and jammed me back into that little cell.   Over the course of the next
couple of hours they took each of the guys out one at a time, but never brought
any of them back.

Finally it was just me left as they took out that young lad that had been put in
right after me, earlier in the day.   As soon as they left the room the lights
went out.    I was left in total darkness unable to move, tired, sore and
hungry.

I have no idea how long I was in that cell, in the dark.   I pissed myself at
least a dozen times and shit once.   Was it a day, two days?  I have no idea, I
only know that I had never felt so alone in my life.   Alone and scared.

When the lights finally came on again, they were so bright I had to close me
eyes and look down to keep from being blinded.  I was mumbling something to
myself, at least I think I was.    I was lost in a world, that was full of
peace, love and harmony, I had left reality a long way behind.

I felt hands grab and pull me out of the cage, but I was still in that unreal
world.   I didn't want any part of reality anymore, reality was nothing but pain
and degradation.   In my imagination I was free, I was a man, taking my rightful
place in the world.   In reality I was nothing, I was less than the lowest grub
that crawled the face of the earth.  

I felt warm water beating down on my head, it felt so nice.   Then soft hands
were rubbing me all over,  I thought how lovely it all is.   A hand was rubbing
my nuts and cock and it felt so good.  I just moaned my pleasure.

But the hand stopped and I cried for it to continue, but it didn't.   Then I
felt a soft towel drying me, again it was such a wonderful feeling.   I just let
it happen.   Next I was being tucked into bed, the covers pulled up.

My right arm was lifted for a moment and I felt a little sting, then it was
placed back under the cover and I fell back into my lovely little world of peace
and love.

The sun was just coming up when I awoke the next morning.   I was in my bed in
the ward.   The other three lads were asleep, as usual.   Everything was quiet
and peaceful.    Had I dreamed all those events with the cage and the people?  
Had I really spent a couple of days in the dark?   I had no real idea, I only
knew I was extremely happy to see the sun rise.

My life had become so unreal.   Without clocks there was no real way to figure
time.  Now I could not be sure of the days, I had lost count of how many I had
been here.  Were they really going to take me apart, piece by piece?  They must
be, they had already started on the other three guys in this room.

It seemed so unreal.   I must be going mad.  I had to pee so I got up and went
to the toilet.   Afterwards I jumped in the shower and let the warm water revive
me.   After getting dressed I headed for the dining room,  if my ordeal had been
real it meant I hadn't eaten for a couple of days and that would be why my
stomach was growling so loud.

Timothy greeted me as I entered.   Again I was the only one in the dining room.  
Didn't anyone else ever eat here, I wondered.

As I ate I looked at the knife I was using to cut up the eggs and bacon and
butter my toast.   Would I be able to kill myself with it before Timothy
intervened?  I did not want to live through this horror.  

I took my napkin and cleaned the knife off, didn't want egg yolk and bacon
grease in the wound I guess.  I gave a quick glance to see if Timothy was
watching me.   He seemed to be wrapped up in the morning paper, sitting at his
little desk by the door.

I wondered where the best spot would be to let me succeed.  I wanted this to be
as quick and painless as possible.  I figured that the heart would be the best
spot, kill the heart you kill the body.

I pressed the dull rounded end of the knife at approximately where I thought the
heart would be.  I grabbed the other end with both hands, said a little prayer
and prepared to pull that knife with all my strength into my chest.

At that very moment the door to the dining room opened and a young man entered.  
I put the knife back down on the table, picked up my mug and took a sip of my
coffee.

"Good morning Mr. Joel." Timothy greeted the handsome young man that had
entered.

"Good morning Timothy, it has been a while, how have you been?" Joel asked
politely.

"Very good Sir, and you?" he replied.

"I can't complain, wouldn't do me any good anyway.   Master Ed wouldn't bother
listening." he laughed.

"Don't bother seating me Timothy, I am here to get Harold." he said.

"Very good, Sir." Timothy said and  went back to his chair and sat down.

Joel came over and introduced himself.

"Master Ed has asked me to show you around the entire hospital, Harold.   He
thought you might find it a very interesting place." Joel said warmly.

"Well if I am going to die here I might as well see the whole place first." I
said without any enthusiasm.

"Oh on a downer, huh?   Guess it was the cage.   The cage does have a tendency
to kill a man's spirit." he said.

"Doesn't have anything to do with the cage, but I am not supposed to talk about
stuff so I better keep my fucking mouth shut." I said bitterly.

"Well come along,  I think you will find this all very, very interesting." he
said heading for the door.

I followed him out, thanking Timothy, as I always did, before leaving.

Every corridor I had been down in this building had looked exactly the same as
the one I just left, how the hell anyone found there way around in this place
was beyond me.   Joel seemed to know where he was going though so I just
followed along.

I gave up counting how many different corridors we had gone down, when he turned
into one that was different from all the others.    It was very bright and
colourful.    There toy animals painted on the walls and nursery rhymes and
well, it was a child's place that is for sure.

"This is the children's ward, Harold.  Poor children that need expensive,
specialized medical services are brought here.    We have the best children's
services in the world." 

He took me into ward after ward filled with very sick children, he and doctors
and nurses explained what the problems were many of the children were
experiencing and what had been done for them.

We also went to wards where the children were well on the road to recovery.  
Lots of smiling, happy faces.

As we walked he talked continually about all the great things the hospital
accomplishes.

"All of this is very, very expensive Harold.   The Master's Congress owns and
operates this hospital.  There are a number of enterprises set up specifically
to earn dollars to keep this place going."

"Ah yes, the kidnapping of healthy young men, so their body parts may be sold to
the highest bidder.   The murder of healthy young men so that poor sick children
may be made healthy and sent back to poverty where they get sick again.   Oh
yes, the Master's Congress does a wonderful job."  I replied sarcastically.

He looked at me with a hurt expression.

"You don't really believe that do you Harold?"  he asked incredulously.

All I could do was look at the fucking idiot and laugh.   Did they really think
I was so stupid that I would except this children's stuff as a valid excuse for
what they were doing to healthy young men, and soon me as well.   I had news for
them, I would never except anything as being a valid reason for that.   It was
murder, plain and simple.

We finally left the children's ward behind.   I must admit that they were doing
a hell of a great job for those kids.   So many very sad cases, but so many
success stories.   I would gladly be a slave if it meant this place could
flourish, but I could not condone the Parts Farm.

I walked along beside Joel silently contemplating all that I had seen and
worrying about what was to come.   I was deep in thought when the smell of food
hit my nostrils.   We were in the dining room corridor. 

We entered the dining room and Timothy greeted us.   I did a double take as
well, for there were about fifteen or so guys seated around the big table.  
This was be the first time that had happened.

Timothy seated us and gave us menu's.

"The chicken Caesar salad is excellent, gentlemen."  Timothy said with a smile.

Maybe, but I needed something heavy in my gut.   I was starving.    I ordered a
double hamburger fully dressed a large Potine.

"I am sorry Mr. Harold, but I don't think we have any pohteen, Sir."  Timothy
said perplexed.

I gave a little laugh.

"Get the cook to grate lots of cheddar cheese over the french fries, put them in
the microwave or broiler oven for a few moments to melt the cheese, then  douse
the whole lot with gravy, that's Potine." I said with a big smile.

"Yes Sir, Mr. Harold.  One hamburger fully dressed and Potine." he laughed and
headed for the kitchen.

"Is that a national dish in Canada, Harold?" Joel asked.

"Well don't know if it is national or not, I know it is damned good.   It comes
from our french speaking Province, Quebec.   It is very popular now in my home
Province, Ontario, so I imagine it is quickly spreading across the rest of
Canada."

"I guess I should try it." he said.

"Ya, you should.  If you like french fries and you like cheddar cheese you will
love Potine." I said in a friendly way.

I figured it wouldn't hurt, I had been giving him a hard time all morning.  
After all he was only doing his job, it was not his fault this shit hole
existed.

"Are you a slave, Joel?" I asked.

"Except for the Master's, everyone here is either a slave or a patient, Harold,
even the female nurses you met in the children's ward.   You never saw any this
morning but there are three Mistresses in residence.   All the females,
including the Mistresses are restricted to the children's ward and the female
area that joins it." he answered.

Lunch was served and it was excellent.   The cook did a great job on my Potine. 
After lunch Joel took me to the Parts Farm.  He told me the Parts Farm was very
over rated.   It was nowhere near as big as some would believe.   It only
consisted of ten wards the same size as mine.

However, buy my count at 4 men per ward that would make 40 young men a time were
being dismembered to satisfy some rich cocksuckers that didn't even deserve to
live. 

The first ward he took me to was one housing the two police officer's that had
lied to Charlie about Twink.

Officers, Wajoski and Franks were in beds side by side.   Both had had their
eyes removed and were on the dialysis machines.  Officer Wajoski had also had
both arms and one leg from the knee down removed.

They were both in the sitting position and awake when we entered.   Their
attendants were reading to them softly.   Every once in a while the attendant
would lift a glass with a straw to his patient's lips.   The patient would suck
down some juice.   The attendant would remove the glass and start reading again.

I had no use for either of these guys because of what they had done to Twink,
but they sure didn't deserve to be treated like this.   It was down right
inhuman.

Across from them were two more young men, from the looks of things both would
not be around much longer.   All limbs had been amputated, eyes gone, kidneys
gone, liver and heart ready to go as soon as the recipients arrived.   All
transplants were done right here in the hospital.

Joel took me from room to room.   None of the young men, except for the two
police officers, were older than 25.  All had been well built, muscular, healthy
men in their prime.

I found the whole thing sickening.   I wanted the tour to end, but knew it was
going to continue until they had shown me everything they wanted me to see.

From the Parts Farm we went to the research wing.   The Parts Farm turned out to
be a heaven compared to the hell I witnessed in the research wing.

Healthy young men were being used for research experiments.   In the first room
we entered they were doing transplants among the patients, trying to improve
anti-rejection drugs.   They were literally taking these young men and switching
their limbs.   No blood match was being performed, they wanted the fucking
rejection so they could test the drugs.

In the next room they were simply testing drugs for human side affects.  The men
in here had all been healthy when they arrived, but would be half dead when they
left.   I just couldn't take seeing anymore shit like this.

"Joel, I know you are just doing your job, but I can not witness any more of
this.   They can hit me in the nuts with the zapper from now to dooms day, but I
am not voluntarily going into another room like these ones."  I said flatly.

"Ok, guess you have seen enough for one day.   Let's go have a swim and try to
relax, I don't much like the research ward either." he said quietly.

Joel and I went swimming, then to dinner and then spent the rest of the evening
in the games room playing cards with a couple of other guys.   He walked me back
to my ward and asked if I would like a bed partner for a while.

I liked the guy and I think if I hadn't been so tired I just might have taken
him up on the offer.   Instead I gave him a kiss on the cheek and thanked him
for everything.

After showering I climbed into bed and lay staring out the window into the
moonlit night.   I had not yet turned out the small night light.  The room door
opened and Alex came in.

"Glad I found you still awake Harold.   Mr. Sebastion arrived today.    He can't
wait to taste your nut juice.    You will be paying him a visit right after
breakfast.   Good night." he said and left.

The bastard.   He could have waited till the morning and at least let me get a
good nights sleep.

So the miserable bastard that bought men's balls just so he could fucking look
at them wanted to taste my juice.   I am a very peaceful man, but I think if
given a weapon I would be willing to do some killing right about now.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:     cumulust@yahoo.com   or    robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:     cumulust@yahoo.com   or    robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 29

The Ball Man

Joel met me in the dining room just as I was finishing breakfast the next
morning.  He sat and had a coffee as I finished mine.

"The Ball Man is here to see you, Harold.  Did you know that?" he asked.

"Ya, Alex told me just as I was about to turn out my light to go to sleep.   I
turned out my light, but I sure as hell didn't get much sleep after that."  I
answered, at bit annoyed that he would bring up the subject.

"I am sorry, Harold, but our first stop this morning will be in to see him.  
You will probably take a liking to the old bastard.   Other than this
idiosyncrasy about balls, he is really a very nice man." he said.

"Well I am afraid I won't be liking him at all, in fact right at this moment I
hate the fuckers guts." I said vehemently.

"Ya, I guess you would, it's easy for me to be jovial, it is not my nuts he is
after."

I looked at him with a new respect after that remark.

"Thanks, Joel.  Your the first one around here that has actually given any
indication that you have some sympathy for me.  I was beginning to think that
this place was totally animal, no humanity at all." I said irritably.

"What about the children, Harold?"  he defended.

"Understand me and understand me good, Joel.   Nothing, but absolutely nothing
the Masters do will ever lift my disgust for them as long as they continue to
destroy the lives of young men by dismembering them.  Until the day the Parts
Farm and the Research Ward close, this whole place is a crime against humanity."

"You mean you couldn't see any good here at all?" he asked incredulously.

"Not one blessed thing, Joel.  It is all negated by those two evil departments. 
If it were within my power I would have this whole place blown off the face of
the earth right this minute.   It is a travesty to humanity."

"Well I certainly don't see it that way." he said.

"That Joel is the really sad part.   That is why the whole place has to be
destroyed, because of young men like you that could believe there is anything
good about it."  I said taking the last sip from my coffee cup.

"Well we better get moving, Mr. Sebastion will be waiting to meet you." he said
changing the subject.

"Well we can't keep old Mr. Money Bags waiting can we." I smiled.

"There is just one thing you and everyone else better understand right now."  I
stated sharply.   "I will not do a damned thing to encourage Mr. Money Bags.  I
will not even be polite to the old bastard.  If you want to zap my nuts go right
ahead, but I will not help you dismember me."

"Do be careful, Harold.  Don't get Master Ed angry he can get quite vicious when
he is angry." he warned.

"Ah, but I can be very stubborn and I have gotten so used to the pain now that
their really is nothing he can do that will change my mind.   Not a damned
thing."  I smiled and headed for the door.

He must have been stunned by my words because I had thanked Timothy and was out
in the hall before he even moved from the table.

I had a feeling that the meet would be in the direction of my room so started
walking that way.  Joel had to practically run to catch up to me.

"Where are you headed, Harold?" he asked.

"Nowhere man, this is your show.   You are supposed to be leading me, remember.  
I just got tired of standing around shooting the shit and wanted to get on with
life."  I said facetiously.

At the next corridor he directed me to go right.   I stopped setting the pace
and let him take over the lead.   Well, now he knew I was not just a fucking
sheep that would follow the fucking Master anywhere he went.   I was a free
thinking entity and when necessary would go my own path.

I was wrong about where the meet would take place.   It seemed like we walked
for miles through a multitude of corridors that all looked the same to me.  If
he were to leave me right now and tell me that I would be a freeman if I could
find my way out in the next 24 hours, I would be willing to bet I would loose.

We finally came to a set of solid, double doors.  Joel went to the wall and
opened a metal panel.  Inside I could see a set of buttons, he blocked my view
and quickly punched in some code.   I heard the door give a click.   He closed
the panel and pulled one of the doors open.

We went instantly from an institution into a mansion.  The walls were all in a
very fine polished wood.   The hall was carpeted in a carpet thicker than you
would find in any home.   Ornate lighting fixtures in gold or brass set off the
luxurious feeling.   I felt really out of place here, I was half fucking naked.

We only went down the hall a short way before Joel opened a door on the right. 
It was a stair well, but it was still very luxuriously appointed.   We climbed
the stairs to the next level and exited into a hall way every bit the same as
the one below.  

We turned left, there were heavy oak doors spaced about every two or three
hundred feet on each side of the hall.  At the fourth door on the right he
stopped.

"Well this is Mr. Sebastion's suite, Harold.   I really think you will end up
liking the man, he has that effect on people." Joel said.

"Not on your life.  The old prick will be lucky if I even talk to him." I
replied.

"Well whatever.   When he is finished with you I will be here to take you back
through that maze of corridors." he said, pushing a small button on the wall
beside the door.

"Ya, one of you guys will have to tell me how the hell you find your way around. 
It all looks the same to me." I replied.

"Well Harold, it is like the guy that can walk on water,  it really is very
simple if you know where the rocks are."  he smiled, turned and left.

He hadn't gone far when the door opened and a young, naked, blond guy opened the
door.

"Please come in Mr. Harold, Mr. Sebastion is waiting to meet you." he invited.

I'm sure he is I thought.  The boy ushered me along a short hall into a
luxurious living room.  I was mildly aroused by the cute, tight buns on the boy.  
He had a kind of wiggle as he walked, making those buns oh so enticing. 

A tall, well built man in a gray suit, got up out of an easy chair as I entered.

"Mr. Sebastion, this is Harold." the blond said.

"Mr. Harold, Mr. Sebastion."

"Why hello Harold, Ed has been telling me all about you." he said
enthusiastically as he approached with his hand out.

I ignored his hand, I wasn't shaking hands with a fucking pervert like him.
I guess he got the message because he didn't keep his hand out for very long. 

"Please have a seat and we can talk." he indicated an easy chair a short
distance from the one he had been sitting in.

I sat, but said nothing.

"Would you like a drink, coffee, tea anything at all?" he asked politely.

"No thank you." I replied.

"You don't much like me I take it." he said.

"That would be a bit of an understatement I am afraid." I replied without any
emotion in my voice.

"Mmmm serious dislike then?" he asked.

"Try serious Hate, with a capital T." I replied defiantly.

I was heading for a zapping I was sure, but I was not going to do anything to
let this guy think he was buddy, buddy with me.

"Oh, that is a bit strong, particularly since you don't know me." he stated.

"What's to fucking know?  Only someone totally evil would pay this bunch of
assholes to cut the balls off a healthy young man,  just so he can satisfy his
own disgusting, perverted desires.   You Sir are evil and I hate everything that
is evil." I stated bluntly.

"But I haven't decided yet whether I want your balls or not.   Couldn't you at
least save your judgement until after that decision was made?" he asked.

"You foolish old man, you really don't understand do you.   Just the fact that
you would even seriously consider such a thing makes you evil beyond description
in my books.   They tell me you have done it before,  that is all I need to know
that you are evil personified and as I said, I hate things that are evil."

He looked me in the eye and began to laugh.   He laughed uproariously, as if he
had just heard the funniest joke ever told.   I sat there, patiently, my face
straight.  What was there to laugh at?

When he finally stopped laughing he had tears in his eyes. 

"Oh my Harold, that is the best laugh I have had in a long, long time.   You are
a hell of a good comedian." he complimented.

I said nothing, I was hating the man more and more.   I was finding it very,
very difficult just to be in the same room with him.

"What kind of work did you do before you were brought here, Harold?" he asked.

"As far as I am concerned that is personal and confidential information and none
of your business." I replied.

"Mmmmmm.  They tell me you are a Canadian boy,  are all Canadian's as hard to
get along with as you?" he asked smiling.

"As far as I am concerned that is personal and confidential information and none
of your business."

"Ah, the Canadian boy has learned some of the tricks used by the American boys."
he said and began laughing again.

"Your not going to answer any of my questions are you, Harold?" he suddenly
asked in a serious tone.

Fear rose up my spine but I was determined I would do nothing to encourage this
prick.

"No Sir, I shall not answer any of your questions."

"Well in that case there is no use my wasting time asking them, is there?"

"That would seem a wise move, Sir."

"Well fuck the questions, let's go swimming." he said jovially.

"Peter." he called.  "We are all going swimming, bring towels."

"Yes, Sir." I heard the blond guy, Peter, answer from one of the rooms.

"Follow me, Harold, we can strip in this room over here." he said getting up and
walking to a door on the far side of the room.

I got up and followed.   What the fuck was with this guy.   I had just insulted
the hell out of him but he never reacted to it at all.   It just didn't seem to
even phase him.

Then to throw in this lets go swimming shit.   What the fuck did he want from me
besides my balls?  Well whatever it was, I was going to do my best not to give
in to him, nut zapper or no nut zapper.

The door led to a small dressing room and shower.   He stripped out of his suit
and just threw it on the floor.   Only the very rich or those that just don't
give a shit about anything would do something like that with what was obviously
a very expensive suit.

They had told me the guy was very old, but you could have fool me by the looks
of him.   He did not look a day over 40 if he was even that.   Oh sure his hair
was gray, but is skin wasn't all wrinkled or anything like that.   He had not
gone to flab, as many older men do.   His body was solid muscle.  He obviously
took real good care of his body. 

It had only taken me a moment to strip off the standard slave garb and get under
the shower.  I assumed the pool was through the door on the opposite side of the
room from where we came in.  The smell of chlorine was very strong so the pool
had to be very close by.

As soon as he was striped he got under the water and soaped himself down
quickly.  I got out from under the water as soon as he moved to get in.  I went
and stood by the door until he was ready.  He opened the door and we entered
into a pool room like no other pool room I had ever seen in my life.  It didn't
look like a swimming pool, it looked like a small, indoor lake.

There was actually a sandy beach along the side just outside the shower room
door.  Gentle little waves lapped up along the beach.   There were trees and
flowers everywhere and they went right up to the water edge except where there
was beach.  Now this was money and to think in a couple of days my balls were
going to help pay for it.

I was awestruck and just stood and stared, unable to move.   The old prick went
right down to the beach and walked into the water leaving me outside the shower
room door.

I finally gathered my wits and went down to the water's edge.   The water was
warm and felt good on my feet.   He was already well out into deeper water by
now, but I didn't give a shit.   If I swim here it will be by myself, not
anywhere near where he is.

I had decided that I would not talk to him anymore except where absolutely
necessary.  He called to me, but I ignored him.   I just wandered around a bit,
splashing the warm water around my feet.

I eventually went in and swam around a bit but then climbed out and just sat on
the sand not paying any particular attention to anything.  

We stayed in the pool for about an hour.   He spent most of it out in the deeper
water just kind of treading in one spot.   I spent it on the beach.   There must
have been some kind of sun lamps providing the light, because the light was warm
against the skin.

When he exited from the water Peter was there with a towel, wrapping it around
his shoulders.  I couldn't get over how good he looked for an old man.   His
equipment looked good as well.   Even after being in the water for so long his
flaccid dick looked to be about four and a half to five inches long and was
pretty thick.   His nuts were large and solid low hangers.

The blond began to dry him off, rubbing the towel vigorously all over.   The old
prick stood there, his legs slightly apart, his arms out a bit from his sides.   
When he felt he was dry enough he had Peter spread the towel on the sand close
to me.

He sat down and started to talk again, but I completely ignored him.    He
finally gave up and just sat looking out over the pool.    I could play this
game forever if necessary, I decided he could make all the opening moves and I
would ignore those I wasn't interested in.

"It is pretty warm under these lights, Harold, would you like a drink?" he
asked.

Ya, gawd I would love a drink but there was no way I was going to give him any
satisfaction what-so-ever.

"No thank you." I answered flatly.

"Suit yourself, bring me a glass of orange juice, Peter." he said to the blond.

"I was not only considering buying your balls, Harold.   I was considering
buying you whole and taking you back to live and work at my place.    I have a
really wonderful home, that you would probably enjoy very much." he said in a
friendly tone.

I looked at him and laughed.

"You really are dense aren't you, Mr. Sebastion.   You have not heard a word I
have said.   You are evil, pure evil.   I want nothing to do with you, nothing
what-so-ever.  You want to buy my balls, well you go right ahead.  Place them on
your little shelf and I hope your fucking eyes bug out looking at them." I spate
out.

"You want to buy me alive and whole, well you go ahead and do that little thing, 
but do not expect me to thank you or be in anyway grateful.   I will do my work,
but I will never be civil to you.  I will never acknowledge that you are human
because in my eyes you are not."  so saying I turned my eyes, to look out  over
the lake.

I was shaking inside.   Fear had gripped me again.    I was going to pay very
dearly for this I was sure.   But gawd I felt good about having stood up for
what was right.

He said nothing after my little speech.   Peter returned a few moments later and
handed him his orange juice then kneeled behind him and massaged his shoulders.

"Lay back on the sand and spread your legs, Harold." the old prick ordered.

Used to obeying orders I lay back without question.   Never even thought about
it.

"Get him hard, Peter." he ordered the lad.

In an instant Peter's hot tongue was licking around my nuts and flaccid dick. 
My dick didn't stay flaccid for long.   Peter was an expert with his tongue.  In
just a few moments he had me in total ecstasy.   He hadn't even taken me in his
mouth yet, he was just using his tongue.

I had forgotten all about Sebastion,   it was just me, the sun and that
incredible tongue lapping around my now throbbing dick and my squirming balls.

"Take me in your mouth, Peter, I begged.  Oh, man suck it.   Oh, Peter that is
so fucking good."   I was lost to Peter completely

Then his mouth enwrapped my pulsing, precum spitting cock head.   I let out a
loud moan of pleasure.

"Right fucking on, man.   Oh yea, suck that thing."  I moaned out.

I was on fire with lust for this young man's amazing mouth.   I had my eyes
closed because of the bright lights.   My head was shifting from side to side. 
Suddenly a pair of knees pushed up on either side of my head.  I opened my eyes,
but all I could see was a hard cock and a pair of large nuts a couple of inches
from my eyes.

I watched as the cock head was pushed down towards my mouth.   I opened and
excepted the gift happily.   I only wished I could do half as good a job of this
one as Peter was doing to mine.

For an old cock it sure felt strong and healthy, I thought.   Hell it was hard
to tell this cock was old at all,   it felt new, young and fresh, popping in and
out of my mouth.    He had to do the work because I couldn't move my head.   He
was practically sitting on it.

For the next twenty minutes or so I was lost in a world of fantastic sex.    It
just felt so fucking great to have that juicy cock fucking my throat while Pete
kept fucking his face on my hot piece of man meat.

I felt my balls start to lift and gave a little cry of delight.   However, that
big cock was down my throat at the time so no sound came out, of me that is.  
The vibrations from my gagged yell of pleasure made Pete scream out his delight.

"Oh fuck ya, I cummingggggggggggg."

Wait a minute, Pete???   But he was sucking my dick.    I didn't have a chance
to pursue that thought any further at this moment, because I to started to cum.

It was so intense I tried to yell out my pleasure, but of course the cock was
still in my throat so it became the recipient of my gagged yells, and seemed to
really enjoy it.

The first thing I noticed when the cock was pulled from my throat and he sat
back, was that it indeed was Pete's cock.   Sebastion was still slamming his
head up and down, milking my cock and balls for every drop.

The miserable bastard had got what he wanted, he got to taste my ball juice.  
Now the perverted bastard would probably want to buy my nuts and I wouldn't be
getting any more blow jobs like this one.

Once my nuts were emptied, the old prick sat up and looked down at me.

"That is the sweetest cum I have ever tasted, Harold.    You have one set of
great balls there boy."

"Ya, but not for much longer, you perverted, rotten bastard." I spit out, anger
just a boiling through me.

He let his head go back and started laughing uncontrollably again.   Well he may
have found something funny, but I sure hadn't.    The bastard had won, I had let
down my guard and he had taken advantage.

I sat up an put my head down on my knees.    If it hadn't been for the fact that
I thought he would really enjoy it, I would have cried.   I was so upset with
myself.    I had set out not to do anything to help this prick and had ended up
doing exactly what he wanted.

"Ah, Harold.   I'm not really that bad.    I put millions of dollars into the
children's ward here every year.   Do you have any idea how many thousands of
children I help every year?" he asked quietly.

"You buy one pair of balls and have them removed from a living man and none of
your good works means shit.  You are just trying to salve your  conscience, you
are still evil beyond belief."  I said tonelessly.

He didn't laugh this time.   He just sat there looking at me.   I decided fuck
you asshole and this time did not avert my gaze.    I stared back, right into
his gray/green eyes.

He finally pulled his eyes back and stood up.

"I guess it is time for you to go for lunch, Harold.   We will meet and try and
talk again tomorrow." he said heading for the shower room.

"Nothing will change, you can never redeem yourself in my eyes." I spit out.

He stopped for a moment and looked back at me.    I thought he was going to
really come down on me this time, but what I saw was sadness.    Had I actually
gotten through to the prick?  He never said anything, just gave me the sad look
then turned and enter the shower room, Peter right on his heels.

I sat for a moment, lost in thought.   All I wanted, something so simple, so
inexpensive, so easy,  to just be back in my own little apartment living my old
hub, drub life.    Was that really too much to ask?

I got up and went to the shower room door but the fucking thing was locked.  
Great, now how the fuck do I get out of the pool, I wondered.    Didn't have to
wonder for long though.

"This way Harold." Joel called.

I turned and there he was just down a little way.   I walked towards him.   He
opened a door and we were in another shower room identical to the old prick's.  
I climbed under the shower head and rinsed off all the sand.

Joel handed me a towel when I was finished.   I dried myself down good and was
surprised, I don't know why but I was, that Joel had my slave outfit.   He
handed it to me and I quickly got dressed.

From there we went straight to the dining room and had a really great lunch,
that included Potine.   Joel tried it for the first time and marveled that this
hadn't swept the US yet.

"Hell this would make one hell of a great franchise empire, better than the
golden arches." he said with a smile.

Apparently the cooks had also tried it after my order yesterday, and it was now
on the menu for everyone.   Well us Canucks may be little brother to the US, but
we do come up with some really great ideas.   Hell just look at where the
telephone has taken us.

After lunch Joel took me to the Research & Development department, not part of
the medical research ward.    This department did research into developing
various pieces of equipment to make life easier for the disabled.

This included artificial limbs, mobility equipment, exercising equipment,
equipment that gave the disabled some measure of independence.    It was a truly
wonderful department they did not use slave patients to test their equipment.

"I could see that you were very impressed, Harold."  Joel said as we left the
Research department.

I looked at him, for a moment before I answered.

"Yeah, I was impressed.   It is most unfortunate that this too has been
despoiled by what takes place in those two horrible wards.   I would blow this
up as well, Joel.   Until those two wards are dismantled nothing else that takes
place here is worth while."  I said and started walking.

"You are one stubborn cuss." he said.

"Yeah, ain't I now." I smiled.

"Mr. Sebastion wants your nuts, Harold." he said solemnly.

"I know." I answered.

"Did he tell you then?" he asked a bit surprised.

"No.   He didn't have to.  I could tell from a number of things that happened."

"How do you feel about it?" he asked.

"In a word, scared." I replied looking at him.

"He is going to ask Master Ed to schedule the removal for this evening." he said
quietly.

I stopped dead in my tracks. 

"So my life ends today." I said, almost in a whisper.

"No, don't be silly they are only going to take your nuts, not your life." he
said.

"My nuts are part of my life.  When they take them, they take my life.  Now if
you don't mind could you please take me somewhere, where I can be alone.   I
don't care if you are near by, but I just don't want to talk to anyone."  I said
tears forming in my eyes.

"Yeah, follow me." he replied.

"Would you like to go have diner first it is that hour?" he asked.

"No, I shall not eat again, Joel.   I have no reason to live so why waste the
food."

He didn't answer, just kept walking.   I was suddenly very, very depressed.   I
had been serious.   If they remove my nuts I will refuse to eat.   I will refuse
to do anything at all and will concentrate all my will power on dying.

He took me to the lounge where I had first met Reg.  Poor Reg, what the hell did
they do or are they doing to him.   Oh how I hated this place.

I went over and sat in a chair facing a window.   It was a beautiful sunny day
out there.    The gardens outside the window were gorgeous.   Loads of beautiful
flowers everywhere one looked.   I suddenly had this deep, deep need to be
sitting or walking in a garden.   But alas knew I would never get a chance to do
that again.

I put my head back and closed my eyes.    Pat came bounding into my thoughts.  
The perfect man for me we could have had such a wonderful life together.   He
was everything I had ever wanted.  But that was gone.   I had nothing.   Nothing
worth living for.   I was soon fast asleep, lost in a world of darkness.

When I awoke it was dark outside.   How long had I slept I wondered.   If they
were going to remove my nuts this evening then they would be coming for me soon.  
My stomach was rumbling, it wanted food.   Well tough shit, it would just have
to get used to being empty.

I sat up and turned around.   Sebastion was sitting in the chair that had held
Joel  just before I fell asleep.

"Ah, sleeping beauty awakes." he said with a smile.

"I must still be asleep, the nightmare is still here." I replied sarcastically.

"Oh, you really do hate me don't you." he said sadly.

"Let me tell you how much and maybe it will sink into that head of yours.   I am
a very peaceful man, I have never hurt anyone in my life nor do I ever want to.  
However, if I had a weapon in my hands right this minute, here and now, I would
kill you and not even think about it.   I would walk away satisfied, the same as
I am when I kill a cockroach." I spit out at him.

That left him speechless for a few moments.   I could see that that really had
got through.   He now really and truly believed that I hated him.

"All because I have purchased the nuts of a few guys that didn't need them any
more.   My purchasing those nuts put a lot of money into this hospital for those
children."  he said softly.

"It doesn't matter if they needed them or not.   They were removed from living
men without their consent, if you had waited until after they died I would still
dislike you, but I wouldn't hate you.   That Mr. Sebastion is the difference."

"Now do you still intend on having my nuts removed tonight?  If so then let's
get it over with so I can start to die, I want out of this hell hole."  I said
vehemently.

"No, I have decided I don't want your nuts, Harold.    But I would like you to
come live with me.   I swear I will never purchase human parts ever again."  he
said quietly.

I looked up with surprise.

"I think having someone like you around just might help me become human again."
he said.

"Thank you for the offer, but I am going to have to turn you down.   I would
never be able to forget what you have done, and it would make me bitter every
time I looked at you.  There is only one way that you would be able to redeem
yourself in my eyes and that is to get those two wards closed down permanently. 
You do that Mr. Sebastion and I would happily serve you for the rest of my
life." 

"Unfortunately, I am not rich enough or powerful enough to do that, Harold.  
But I do admire your honesty and conviction.   I meant what I said, I will never
buy another human part from a live human, don't think I will be buying them from
dead ones either.   However I will continue to help finance the children's
hospital here.   It does do wonderful work."

"Well Sir, that certainly is a step in the right direction." I replied.

He got up out of his chair, I decided that considering his promise the least I
could do was show a little respect, and got up as well.   He walked over to me
and offered his hand.   This time I took it and we shook, then embraced.   Joel
was right, I could very easily take a liking to this man.

"Apparently you have a visitor.   I received a call from Master Ed a short while
ago, he asked me to take you to the visitors room when we were finished our
little talk." he said with a warm smile.

"A visitor, do you know who?" I asked, my interest peaked.

"No he didn't say.  Just asked me if I would take you to his room, it is right
next to mine."

"Probably the racist bastard that wanted my kidneys.   He asked my about my sex
life and I told him I fucked blacks.  He nearly had a coronary right there and
then." I giggled.

Mr. Sebastion did a bit of a double take at that one.

"Master Ed hit me a few times with the zapper so the old prick never got to
finish asking his questions."

"By the sound of it you really like getting yourself into trouble, Harold." he
said with a grin.

"Yeah, ever since Master Charlie kidnapped me it has been one major problem
after another." I replied with a smile.

He walked me back to the Mansion part of the complex.   We didn't say much,
there really wasn't much to talk about.  When we reached his door we stopped and
said our good-byes.   He told me to just go to the next door and ring the
buzzer.   I shook his hand again and left.  I heard the door close as I walked
away.

I walked to the next door and pushed the button, wondering who would want to see
me.   A moment later the door opened and there stood, Peter, Mr. Sebastion's
slave from earlier in the day.  At least I thought it was Peter, it looked very
much like him.   However he was wearing a black leather hood with only his eyes
and mouth visible.

"Please come in Mr. Harold." he said politely.

The voice didn't sound like Peter's, it was a bit higher pitched.  I entered,
but was very uptight.   Something didn't seem right here.   In fact something
seemed decidedly wrong.  Maybe I had just learned to smell trouble, I don't
know.   I only knew that I was suddenly very, very uneasy.

Whomever he was, he led the way down a short passage, similar to the one in Mr.
Sebastion's suite.  It also ended in a fancy, luxurious living type room.  
There were four more hooded figures standing just inside the room.   They were
all dressed in full leather outfits, the kinds only Master's wear.

"Ah Harold, come in, come in."   One of them invited in a very friendly manner.

"Turn around and place your hands behind your back." he ordered, but it came out
as a request.

I complied and he quickly fastened a pair of wrist cuffs.   One of the others
came forward with a small black bar.  I felt him place it against the crook of
my arms.   The other one, the one that had placed the cuffs on, pulled my arms
up with a bit of force.

"Ayieeee" I yelped. 

It didn't hurt a lot but it was a sudden sharp pain.   Before I realized what
was happening he had fastened my cuffed wrists to my collar.   With that bar in
the crook of my arms it was very uncomfortable.

Another of them came forward with another black bar identical to the first one. 
He handed it to the guy behind me, then placed  a large hand on each of my
shoulders.   I soon found out why.   Some one behind lifted my arms at the
elbows and the second bar was pushed up between my arms and my back.

This was very painful and I cried out my distress and begged them to take it
off, but they just laughed.  The guy in front had placed his hands on my
shoulders to hold me in position while someone behind pushed that bar up then
fastened it to my upper arms via straps.  I could feel them being put in place
and tightened.

This was not a nice way to bind someone's arms, it was a decidedly mean way of
doing it.  I could not get into any position that was comfortable and didn't
cause pain.  I continued to beg them to remove the bars but my begging fell on
deaf ears.

Once they had me bound another one came forward with a penis gag.  I had seen
those before and had even had a short one jammed in my mouth once before.   
This one looked much bigger, it looked like the penis part would go into the
throat, I didn't much like that idea.   But of course, I had no choice or say in
the matter.

It was pushed into my mouth and inflated.   Fortunately I was wrong, it didn't
go into the throat but it went back passed the tonsils, so was still a bit
uncomfortable.

Next a full black hood was placed over my head and secured.   It had breathing
holes for the nose and eye sockets for the eyes.   I guessed from that, that 
they were going to let me see what was going to go down.

"Follow me, Harold." the one that had originally spoken ordered, still in a very
quiet, friendly type voice.

He led me to a door and opened it.   Inside was a large room.   There was triple
tier seating all around three sides of the room.  And the seats were all full.  
Whatever the fuck was going to happen they wanted an audience.

In the centre of the room was a large leather chair, very similar to a barbers
chair, but without the arms.   He led me over and ordered me to sit.   Once I
was seated  a chain was fastened to my collar and pulled back sharply.   I
choked and gagged a bit, but recovered quickly.  The chain had been pulled tight
and fastened behind me. 

The effect was to pull my neck up tight to the chair, but my arms were held out
by the bars.   This cause some real pain in my arms, shoulders and back.   I
tried crying out but the gag effectively stopped that.

Next a belt was fastened around my waist and it too was pulled tight.   I was
now in very severe pain.   But I couldn't move my upper torso at all.

My right leg was grasped and was soon bound to  what I assume was a stirrup.  
It was fastened at the ankle and at the knee.   The straps were pulled very
tight to make sure I could not move my leg at all.  They then repeated the
process for my left leg.

I was now securely bound to the chair unable to move at all.   The pain in my
upper torso, shoulders, arms and back was excruciating.   Well I had asked for
it, hadn't I.  

I had been extremely rude to Sebastion.  Made all kinds of moralizing
statements, called down the Master's Congress, and refused to obey orders.   It
would seem that Master Ed was now going to make me pay.   But where was he?  
None of these guys was Master Ed.

"Gentlemen, the patient is Harold, a useless slave that Master Charlie sent here
for disposal.   A very generous, but anonymous benefactor of our hospital has
offered a very substantial donation in return for this useless slaves testicles. 
This evening we shall perform a testiclectomy.  Pay close attention because you
may be called upon to perform this procedure in the immediate future." the
Master that had met me announced to the group.

Noooooo, I tried to scream through the mask and gag, he changed his mind.   Damn
it your making a big mistake.   Don't take my nuts.   Damn it don't take my
fucking nuts.

Screaming through a gag is a total and complete waste of time.   No one can hear
you and if they have you gagged then obviously they don't want to hear you.  
But when your testicles hang in the balance, pardon the pun, you too would do
anything and everything, no matter how useless or fruitless it may be, to stop
the bastards from proceeding.

I screamed and screamed into the gag but all that came out through my nostrils
were some muffled puffs of air.   I pulled on my bonds.   My arms, shoulders and
back were in agony, but I pulled and jerked anyway.

I pulled and pulled on my legs, got a bit of movement in the left and pulled
harder and harder.   All I succeeded in doing was stripping skin off around the
ankle.   One of the Master's noted the loose strap, came over and tightened  it.

I was totally immobile again.

"Normally we perform these procedures without anesthetic, however the benefactor
insists we use a local for Harold.  I suppose he has taken a liking to him,
after all Harold is a very likeable slave."  he announced loudly.

I had finally given up trying to get free and screaming.  My throat was just too
sore to continue.   Tears of rage and frustration were now cascading down my
cheeks, like a river.   Why didn't they check with Sebastion before starting.

Wait a fucking minute!   It was fucking Sebastion that brought me here.   The
rotten Sonofabitch, he planned all this.   Built up my spirits, made me think I
had won and then wamo, take my fucking nuts anyway.   Hate built in me to a rage
I had never felt in my life before.

They say that we all have strength beyond our wildest imaginations, if only we
knew how to use it.   Well that statement is true beyond doubt.   I was so angry
all I could think about was getting up out of that chair and seeking out that
rotten Sonofabitch and choking him with my bare fucking hands.

I gave a mighty tug with my right leg and be damned if the strap didn't snap.  
My leg went flying up into the air from the force that I had applied.   Everyone
was completely stunned by this development, including me.

The room went deadly quiet and all movement ceased for a fraction of a second. 
Then all hell broke loose.   Having got one leg free dumbo Harold thought he
would be able to get the rest of himself free.  But we all know that is
impossible, and of course it was.

Two of the Master's dove after my flailing leg.   I got one of them on the chin
with my heel and he went staggering back, but another took his place and soon
they had the leg under control.

The group observing thought the whole thing was great entertainment and gave a
rousing applause.  Now whether they were applauding me or the guys that stopped
my flailing  leg I guess I will never know.

The leg was soon strapped down again and extra straps were added to both legs. 
They weren't going to take any chances.

"Wow, we had no idea Harold was so strong." the Master said.

"As you can see, Harold shaves his body every morning so he is sufficiently hair
free that we will not have to do a shave first."  he said and then pointed
towards my exposed jewels.

"The video camera's will now be turned on and you will all be able to see a
close up of what takes place during the procedure."  he announced and then
walked over and looked down into my still tearing eyes.

"Harold look straight up.  We have placed a monitor there so you can watch as
well.   We wouldn't want you to miss anything." he said and walked away
laughing.

I looked up and sure enough a monitor had come on and showed my entire private
area.

"First Harold's testicles, penis and groin will be bathed thoroughly in an
antiseptic solution.   We want the field as clean as possible."  he said.

A man dressed in a green gown, head covering and mask across nose and mouth
stepped between my legs.   I watched on the monitor and felt between my legs his
application of the antiseptic, it was a brown colour and soon everything down
there was a deep, dark brown.

The liquid was cold and I watched as my testicles lifted towards my groin when
he started applying the stuff to them.   I gave a little shiver.   Soon I would
not have any testicles.   The tears began to flow faster.

"Next Harold's scrotum will be injected in four places with a local anesthetic.  
The entire area will become numb and he will feel nothing at all." he said.

Another pair of latex covered hands came into view in the monitor holding a
syringe.   Another pair of hands lifted and separated  my nuts giving the
syringe  man lots of areas to choose from.

Each short injection stung like blazes,  but only for a moment.  The anesthetic
itself would take approximately 5 minutes to fully anesthetize the area
according to the guy doing all the talking.   The Master's all went over and
talked to the spectators while they waited for the anesthetic to do it's job.

A little bell went, ding.   They had used a timer.   A pair of hands came into
view on the monitor, took one of my nuts between thumb and forefinger and
squeezed.  I cringed, but didn't feel a thing.

"Ok, the actual procedure will begin now."  he announced.

A pair of latex covered hands appeared on the monitor holding a brilliantly
shining scalpel.   The hands made a small incision near the right testicle.  
The scalpel was taken away for a moment.   Two fingers were inserted on either
side of the incision and the thumbs went behind the nut sac and pushed, out
popped a pinkish red walnut  attached to a whitish coloured cord.

A latex glove covered hand holding a pair of surgical scissors moved in and
quickly snipped the cord.  My right testicle was now gone.   I gave up
completely at that moment.  I closed my eyes, closed my ears and just let myself
drift off to some place other than here.

I thought about my childhood, I thought about my old job, my old friends, my
family.   I thought about my schooling, all that work wasted, never got to use
what I had learned and never would.  My thoughts then turned to Pat, beautiful,
loving Pat.   Oh how I wish he were here to hold me, to tell me it would be
alright.   To pick me up in his strong arms and take me away.

I was still thinking of Pat, when I felt my legs being released from the
stirrups.   Then the waist belt was released followed by the one that pulled my
neck in so tight to the chair.

I was pulled out of the chair and made to stand.   I paid no attention to them,
just let them do what they wanted, it didn't matter anymore, I was no longer a
man.  I was just a living organism waiting to die.

I felt the bar between my arms and back being released first, then my wrists
were released from my collar and the confounded bar in the crook of my arms
dropped to the floor with a loud clang.   It startled me and I became more aware
of my surroundings.

Then the hood was removed and the gag taken out.

"How do you feel, Harold." the guy that had done all the talking asked.

I couldn't be bothered answering.   I would never talk to or acknowledge these
guys ever again, they could all go to hell and I was positive they would.

"You will be taken back to your room now." he said.

I didn't answer, I just stood there looking straight ahead, but seeing nothing. 
A moment later there was movement around me but I really couldn't see what was
happening, mainly I guess because I refused.

"Come on Harold I will take you back." a familiar voice said.

Now whose voice was that I wondered.  It was a voice I had heard recently, yes
very recently.   It was the voice of someone I knew.   Did I like him or did I
hate him, I wasn't sure.

"Harold." the voice said impatiently.

"Follow me."

The voice wants me to follow but I don't see anyone, how can I follow.   No, I
think I will just stay right here and not follow something I can not see.

I felt a hand grasp mine and pull gently.

"Come along Harold." the voice said.

But I didn't want to go and resisted the pull.   No I was not going anywhere.  I
liked this little place where there was nothing.   The only thing here was the
voice that kept telling me to follow.   I wished it would go away and leave me
in peace.

My wish was granted, everything became quiet.   The voice went away, the hand
tugging on me, went away.   I was alone in a gray place, there was nothing but
peace and quiet.

The sun shining in my eyes awoke me early the next morning.   I knew something
bad had happened to me last night but I couldn't remember what.   I tried to
recall but the last thing I really remember was shaking hands with Mr.
Sebastion.

"Good morning Harold.   How are you feeling?"   Joel asked.

I looked up, he was standing at the foot of the bed.  One look at him and all my
memories of last night came back in a flood.

"My nuts, the bastards took my fucking nuts." I screamed and sat up.

Joel was at my side in a flash.   He grasped my shoulders to push me back, which
turned out to be a big mistake on his part.    All the anger that I had felt
just before the strap broke on my leg came raging back.

Without even thinking my fist came up with all the force I could muster,
catching Joel under the chin and sending him flying against the window.   His
head hit hard and the window cracked. 

I jumped out of the bed,  my hand went down and felt my scrotum, it was covered
in bandages.   My rage became ten fold stronger.  I stormed out of the room,
leaving Joel sliding down the window unconscious.   There was a ball of red,
where his head had hit the window and a trail left from his sliding down.

Out in the hall I headed straight for Alex's office,   I wanted him dead.  One
of the other nurses I had seen around came out into the hall and saw me  naked.

"Harold you can not walk around these halls naked, now get back to your room and
get dressed." he ordered. 

By this time he was right up to me.   He had not seen the rage in my eyes until
it was too late.   My right hand came up and grasped him around the neck and I
began to squeeze.   I squeezed and squeezed that rotten fucking neck until I saw
his tongue suddenly popped out of his mouth all purple and swollen.

The whole time I was squeezing he was punching and kicking at me, but I felt
nothing except rage.   He finally became very limp and I let him drop to the
floor.  Without even a glance down I continued on towards Alex's office.

I burst in and he was sitting at his desk doing paper work.

"Good morning Harold." he said cheerily, only looking up for a second. 

I marched right over to his desk reached down and grasped him by the neck as
well.   He was taken completely by surprise, I guess they had never had a
patient rebel before.  It was amazing how much strength I had in my hands and
arms.

Alex was a big man, but I easily lifted him by the neck as I began to squeeze
and actually pulled him across the desk.   He was flailing with his fists and
his legs were beating against the top of the desk, I hadn't brought him all the
way across yet.  

His fists, like those of his buddy out in the hall beat at me, but I felt
nothing.   I watched the life slipping out of him and felt great joy.   His eyes
had bugged out and his mouth was now open and his tongue was moving up and down.  
It looked fucking obscene.

It didn't take long before he finally went limp and I dropped him to the floor
like so much trash.   Now for that fucking Sebastion.   I headed out into the
hall, I don't know how I did it but I found the big oak doors that separated the
mansion from the so called hospital.

But how was I going to get the doors open.   They were controlled by a box with
code buttons.   I pulled the box open and it was like a touch tone telephone,
nine numbers plus zero, millions of possible combinations. 

This only added to my anger and frustration.   I was ready to try and tear the
door down with my bare hands when someone kindly pushed it open from the other
side.

It was a slave.  I punched him full in the face with my closed fist sending him
flying back into the Mansion.   I quickly followed, picked him up and punched
him in the face again.   He was totally limp and I dragged him to the stair
well, dropping him just inside the door.

At the top of the stairs I headed straight for Sebastion's room.    I took a
deep breath to compose myself, then pushed the button beside the door.   A few
moments later, Peter opened the door.

He never even got a chance to say anything.   My fist flattened  his face, as
soon as the door opened,  sending him sprawling unconscious onto the floor.

I had no real quarrel with  Peter so I left him where he was and headed into the
suite.  

"Who is it Peter?" I heard Sebastion call out as I approached the living room.

I didn't bother answering, just barged right in.   I had a fair idea he would be
sitting in the same chair he had been sitting in yesterday when I arrived, and I
was right.

I headed straight for him, not saying a word.

"Harold, what the hell are you doing......." he never got to finish as I grabbed
for his throat.

Sebastion was very strong for an old man and very agile, that is probably what
saved his life.   Both hands came up and grabbed my wrist, pulling my hand off
his throat.   He then did some kind of maneuver that sent me flying tits over
teakettle onto my back on the floor.

He was on me in a second, before I had time to recover from the surprise of
being thrown.   He was well versed in the martial arts and had me subdued in not
time at all.   He held me tight and called to Peter.

A few moments later, Pete his face a bloody mess came staggering into the room.  

"Get the play ropes from the bedroom quick we have got to get him secured." he
ordered.

Peter went staggering off and returned with ropes.   Sebastion had him tie my
feet first, then he rolled me over and pushed me face down onto the carpet and
soon had my arms secured and then tied them to my, effectively hog tying me.

He sat back on his heels, sweat pouring from his forehead.   By now I had
returned to my old placid self.

"What the hell got into you Harold?" he asked, his chest still heaving from the
exertion.

"As if you didn't know you rotten fucking prick, may your fucking bones rot in
hell." I spit out at him.

"Harold, calm down, right now, and tell me what the hell got you so riled." he
demanded.

"Oh going to play at Mr. Innocence are we.   You know fucking well what I am
riled about.   I have decided not to take your nuts Harold, I will never take
any body parts ever again, Harold, please come and live with me, Harold.   You
are even more evil then I thought." I mocked.

"What in hell are you talking about, boy.  Will you tell me what the fuck has
happened, because I have done nothing that should make you this angry.  Not a
damned thing."  he defended himself.

"You have the audacity to sit beside me and try to convince me you didn't order
the Master's to remove my nuts last night.   You think I am so stupid that I
would not be able to figure out that it was you?   You almost got away with it
though.   If it hadn't have been for you guys using the room next door I don't
think I would have figured it out."

"I did not order the Master's, which Master's by the way, to remove your nuts. 
Are you telling me they were removed last night?"  he asked incredulously.

"Well look for yourself." I practically screamed.

He rolled me over and saw the bandages.

"Someone is going to pay very dearly for this Harold.   I swear to you, I did
not order this and I am going to prove it." he said quietly, he face had gone
white.

"You can't prove it to me because I know it was you." I shot out.

"Yes I can, Harold, it really isn't that difficult." he said reaching over and
starting to untie the ropes that held me tight.

"I did not order them to do anything to you, in fact I had a long talk with
Master Ed and told him it was all off, however I would still make a large
donation to the children's hospital.   He was very happy about the whole thing." 
Sebastion related as he continued to untie the ropes.

"Harold if you don't believe me then kill me.   In a moment you will be free.  
If you honestly believe that I gave  that order then go ahead and kill me, I
will not resist."

I was stunned.   He was actually untying the ropes.   But was it all another
trick?   I was suddenly very, very confused.

"Well, if you didn't, who did? But more importantly, why?"  I asked, the
confusion was in my voice, I am sure.

"I don't know, Harold, but sure as hell am going to find out.  Don't worry I
won't let them punish you for this." he said.

"You are not going to be able to stop them,  I killed two of them, maybe three."
I replied.

"What!" he was astonished.

"I am sure I killed one of the nurses and Alex the head nurse.   Then I beat a
lad pretty badly, down by the doors, left him in the stair well.   They are not
going to let me get away with it that is for sure.  But it really doesn't
matter, my nuts are gone and I don't want to live any longer."  I said wearily.

"Oh Harold, you poor, poor boy.   What the fuck have they done to you?"  he
asked.

"Oh, nothing much, just destroyed me that is all."  I looked up at him, he had
tears in his eyes.

"I think maybe you better call Master Ed.   I am not going to fight anymore, I
am just too tired of all this crap.   Maybe they will have capital punishment
and will hang me right away.    I can not see them bringing me to a real court
of law so they will try me under their own warped and perverted idea of what is
right and wrong."

I heard a thunk behind me and turned around quick.   Pete had collapsed.   We
had forgotten all about poor Peter.   His face was in pretty bad shape.

"Maybe you had better call for some medical help first, I think Peter needs it
right away." I said.

He went and picked up a phone and started talking.   A couple of minutes later
two big guys came in carrying a stretcher.   They bent over Peter, saw the
facial damage, then looked at me.

"You do this?" they asked.

"Ya, and you will find another at the bottom of the stair well, I think he is in
much worse shape then Peter so you had better get some help to him quickly." I
said as though it were an everyday occurrence.

I had also said it authoritatively and they responded almost instantly.   One of
them pulled out a small two way and spoke into it.  Giving instructions on where
the other lad would be found.   Then they hefted Peter up and carried him out.

Sebastion had finished on the phone and came over and sat down beside me on the
floor.

"Well to say that Master Ed is upset would be an understatement." he said with a
grin.

"Ya, I can just imagine.   They will be here shortly to get me, I suppose.   If
you haven't been lying to me Mr. Sebastion, then I wish to offer my sincere and
profound apologies,  if you have, my earlier statement about rotting in hell
still holds." I said and gave him a grin.

We could hear a commotion at the door.  Lots of voices babbling as they came
down the hall.   I expected to see Master Ed as mad as a hornet and ready to
tear me limb from limb.   Instead, the face that greeted me, was Master
Charlie's.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:     cumulust@yahoo.com   or    robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  

A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 30

Hell Hath No Fury....

"You little Sonofabitch." Charlie bellowed as he stormed in.

"I'm gonna have you strung up by your fucking balls for this." he practically
screamed.

His face was red as a beet and it looked like he might be ready to have a
coronary.

I was surprised that I had no fear at all.   I looked at him, smiled and said:

"Your gonna have a hard time doing that, Charlie.   In case you forgot you had
me castrated last night.   So go ahead and do whatever the fuck you want, I
really don't give a shit anymore."

He stopped dead in his tracks.   Master Ed had been right on Charlie's heels and
wasn't prepared for the sudden stop.  He crashed into Charlie sending him
flying.  

Charlie had not been expecting Ed to crash into him and so he too was not
prepared.   Luckily there was a big, soft easy chair right straight in front of
him to slow him down.

Charlie hit that fucking chair with tremendous forward momentum.   The chair
went over backwards, breaking Charlie's fall.   Charlie did a summersault and
ended up with his shoulders on the floor, his back and ass up against the wall
and his feet thrashing in the air, kicking at space.

It was so fucking funny I just couldn't help myself.   I started to laugh, now I
am not talking about a ha, ha, type laugh here.   I am talking about one of
those laughs that begins down deep inside and takes over your whole body.  You
choke and gasp for air, but it is so fucking funny you can't stop laughing.

Either it really was funny or my laugh was infectious, because some of the
others that came in behind Ed, started to laugh as well.

Charlie turned over onto his side and pushed himself up.   He was even redder
than before.   He got to his feet and screamed:

"Stop the fucking laughing."

Now that is easy for someone that hasn't seen the funny side of an event to say,
but it sure isn't easy for the one that did.  I couldn't stop laughing.

Charlie was livid.   He stormed over, squat down, grabbed my hair and slapped me
hard across the face.  My left hand shot up and wrapped itself around his
throat.

"Take your filthy hands off me, and don't ever touch me again." I growled.

He was so stunned he let go.   Master Ed started towards us.

"Stop." I shouted.  "One more step and I'll crush his fucking larynx."

"You had better have me put down, Charlie, because I don't intend on ever
putting up with your fucking shit again.   I really should finish you off here
and now, it would be doing the world a favor.  But I have already caused enough
damage because of you and your fucking games.   I tried to be what you wanted,
but failed and got sent here, well I give up completely.  Do whatever you want,
I will no longer respond.   Now fuck off."  I spit out, releasing his neck at
the same time.

He had turned a bit blue as I talked but he was still breathing.  He sat back
and rubbed his neck.

"Take the little prick to a cell." he ordered.

A couple of slaves came over and lifted me up onto my feet.   They practically
dragged me out of Sebastion's suite and back to the hospital portion of the
building.

I was dragged all the way back to where my ward was located.   However just a
few doors before Alex's office they pulled me into a stair well and took me to a
floor below.

It looked like a real bloody dungeon.  It was not well lit and the walls looked
like they were made of stone.  It was dark, rank and damp.  The cells also
turned out to be designed to look like stone.  The cell had no windows, only a
small peep hole in the door,  for someone to check on the prisoner.  The
prisoner would be completely isolated once the door was closed.  

I was literally thrown into one and the door slammed shut and locked.  A single,
naked light bulb graced the exact center of the ceiling and provided the only
light.   That light never went out the entire time I was there.   After slamming
the door shut I heard them head down the corridor, leaving me alone.

Well maybe with a little luck they would snuff me quickly, I thought.   But I
had no illusions, Charlie was going to make me pay and pay dearly for standing
up for myself.   Well, I may have to suffer, but I am used to pain now, it has
been a constant part of my life for months.  

One thing for sure, Charlie could go right straight to hell as far as I was
concerned.  I was not going to play his games any more.   I was able to live
with all the other rotten things he had down to me, but I could not live with
castration.

I got the very distinct feeling that Charlie was not very smart.   He was trying
the abandonment game again.   It hadn't worked back home and it sure as hell was
not going to work here.

I was left alone, no food, no water, no toilet same as last time,  this time
however he added something new, just so I wouldn't get bored I guess.  The cell
did not have a bed.   As well, the cell was not warm, I had no clothes, no
blankets,  in a matter of hours I was very, very cold and stayed that way until
they finally released me a few days later.   I spent 100% of my time in that
cell just trying to keep warm.

By the time they came for me I had almost completely withdrawn into myself.  I
sat in a corner folded up as well as I could to try and keep warm, but it was a
loosing battle.     I was very, very cold my body shivering, my teeth
chattering.

I recall the cell door opening and someone coming in.  He came over and spoke
but I did not respond.  I did not even bother to look up.  All I wanted was to
die, for it to be all over.

I remember feeling him nudge me with the toe of his boot, but again I paid no
heed.   He walked away and left the cell but did not close the door.   I didn't
really pay much attention, I just continued to sit there and shiver.

A moment later I was bathed in ice cold water.   The bastard was hosing me down. 
I jumped at the first spray, but then gathered myself closer and tighter into
the fetal position and just stayed there.   I was crying and begging him to
stop, but he just kept that fucking hose washing all over me.   I was getting
colder and colder.

I began to pray for death, I wanted out, not only from the on slot of cold
water, but from life itself.   If they'd have given me the means I would not
have hesitated at that moment to do myself in. 

After what seemed an eternity, the hose was finally shut off and taken away.   I 
pulled myself in tighter and tighter, trying to get some warmth from my own
freezing body.

"There is food and water here for you." a voice called out and then the door
slammed shut.

I didn't move from my position.  To be honest I don't think that I was even
capable of moving.   I was just to damned cold.    It was a long time later,
could have been hours, could have been a day, I have no idea, but the door
opened again.

I heard a voice talking to someone.

"He hasn't moved in a couple of days and has not eaten anything we put in here.  
If he isn't taken out of here soon he is going to die." 

"Ok, I will pass the word up to Master Ed.   Fuck the poor bastard looks like he
is frozen he is shaking so bad."  the second voice said.

"Ya, we made it worse when we hosed him down yesterday, don't think we should
have done that.   I think he is going to have to go into one of the wards, he
may be suffering from hypothermia." the first voice said.

"Ok, I'll get up there right away and find out what the hell they want to do." 
the second voice said, then the door slammed shut.

Through my shivering I had heard the whole conversation.   Ya he was right I was
not well and was going to require hospital care if they wanted me  to stay
alive, I was hoping they didn't.

It wasn't to long after that, that they arrived with a gurney, they pushed it
into the cell and lifted me up onto it.  I did not uncoil from my fetal
position.   I just pulled myself in real tight and continued to shiver
uncontrollably.

They covered me with a wool blanket, but I was so cold I did not notice any
difference at all.

They moved me upstairs via an elevator and took me into a ward.   It was not one
of the dismemberment wards, this looked like a real hospital room.

A doctor was waiting.  He tried getting me to uncoil but I refused.   I just
grasped myself tighter.   He kept telling me he wanted to help, but I ignored
him.  I didn't want his or anyone else's help.   I just wanted to die.

I guess he finally got tired of trying to work with an uncooperative patient and
gave me an injection that put me to sleep.

When I awoke, I was stretched out on my back, covered up to my chin by blankets.  
There were IV's in the backs of both hands.   Bags of clear fluid were dripping
into the small plastic tubes attached to the IV's, flowing down and  into my
body.

My arms were strapped to little arm rests on either side of the bed.  I pulled,
but the bonds were solid.   It would take a stronger man than I to break those
straps.

I tried to move my legs and found out my ankles were bound to something as well.   
Guess they didn't want me running around choking and bashing in the faces of
anymore of their people.

I was warm, the shivers had stopped and I wasn't even hungry.  But I still
wanted to die.  Why the fuck are they doing this, I asked myself.   Take me to
the brink of death then bring me back.  It just didn't make any sense.

I was laying there looking at the ceiling when the doctor came back.

"Ah, your awake Harold.  How are you feeling?" he asked.

I looked at him, but said nothing.  I stared right into his eyes, not blinking,
just staring.   He couldn't take it for long and turned away.

"Come on Harold, I am trying to help you, just let me know how you are feeling." 
he said.

I had decided I would not respond and that is exactly what I intended to do.  I
did not belong in the world of the living any longer, therefore I would not
react to it.   I closed my eyes and turned my head away from him.  I didn't need
or want his help.

He tried a few more times but I just continued to ignore him.  He finally gave
up and left me alone.   About a half hour later I had a couple more visitors.

Charlie entered the room, followed by Ed.

"Came to have a little talk with you Harold." Charlie said.

I looked him in the eye, defiantly, but said nothing.

"We have to get the bottom of what the hell went on the other day.  Why you went
berserk and tried to kill so many people."  he said calmly.

I continued to stare into his eyes, but uttered not a word.

"Damn it Harold, answer me, what the hell happened?" he asked again a bit of
agitation in his voice.

I just stared at him, my own cold fury now starting to brew again.  I hated this
man with a passion.

"Why don't you just have him strung up, a few hits with the zapper and he will
answer any question you want."  Ed said.

"No Ed, that won't work with Harold.  He is in full stubborn mode.   Nothing is
going to budge him, well almost nothing.  I will find out what went down Harold,
you can bet your boots on it." he said turning away.

He and Ed left and the room returned to peace and quiet.  A week ago I would
have been scared out of my wits and not have dared to refuse to answer.   All
those shocks to the nuts Master Ed and Alex had given me wiped out that fear.  I
wasn't afraid anymore.   I didn't want the pain, but I could handle it.

The doctor and a couple of nurses checked on me frequently.   One of the bags
was almost empty and they replaced it.  

I was all alone in this room, guess they didn't want me contaminating any of the
other patients.    It was a nice room though, much better than that cold, stone
cell.   If I was going to die this was as nice a place as any.

It was later in the afternoon and the doctor had come in for his umpteenth check
on me.  As he had, on each of his other visits, he asked me questions that I
ignored.   This time though he asked a question that I couldn't ignore.

"When they brought you up here this morning, your testicles were wrapped in
bandages.   They had been professionally applied, but why were they their,
Harold?"

"They put them on after they castrated me." I replied out of sheer surprise. 
"Wasn't it fucking obvious?"

"You weren't castrated.   Your testicles are still there.  Whatever gave you the
idea they had been removed?"  he asked bewildered.

"I watched the bastards do it." I spit out. 
"They bound me to that damned chair and forced me to watch them do it.  They
made an incision, popped it out, cut it off with a pair of surgical scissors and
then held it in front of my face and laughed."  I was getting angry again. 

"But Harold, your testicles are still there.  You have not been castrated." he
said quietly.

What he was saying finally sank in.

"Those, evil, vile bastards." I almost screamed.

"Charlie you are lower than fucking scum." this time I did scream it out.

The bastards had put me through all this as some kind of fucking joke.  Three
young men were seriously hurt and two others killed because of their warped idea
of fun.

Hell I was even angrier now then when I had thought they had really castrated
me.  I pulled and tugged at my bonds, I wanted up.  I wanted Charlie and Ed and
everyone else connected with this shit, dead.

"You bastard, Charlie."  I screamed.

"I'll kill you, you rotten evil bastard."

The doctor became alarmed.  He tried to calm me, but the more he tried the more
frantic I got.   My arms were beginning to loosen the straps, at least it felt
like they were.   I pulled and tugged and pulled some more.  At the same time I
was tugging on my feet.

The doctor, unable to stop me reached up and pushed a button on the wall.

"Get a couple of people in here quick." he shouted.

He then got up and left the room.  I just kept on tugging on those bonds.  A
moment later two guys came rushing in.  They hurried over to the bed and tried
to stop my arms from tugging.

"Shit he has the fucking strength of Hercules." one of them said.

"Ya, so make sure you don't let go of that fucking arm.  If he gets loose he
just might be able to take us both out."

The doctor came rushing back in.  He had a syringe in his hand.  He went to one
of the IV tubes and inserted the needle and pushed the plunger.   About 30
seconds later I began to feel warm and all the fight went out of  me.  I slumped
back, looked at those three concerned faces and went off to dream land.

When I awoke it was late evening.  It was dark outside and there was only a
small light on, just above my bed.  I was still strapped down, but there were
white bandages all around my wrists and upper forearms.   I must have rubbed off
a lot of skin in my struggle to get free.  My right wrist was throbbing
something awful.   Must have really taken the skin off that one, I thought.

It wasn't long before someone came in to check on me.  A different nurse from
earlier in the day.

"Hi Harold, names Allan, I will be looking after you at night." he introduced
himself.  

"How are you doing?   It's ok if you don't want to talk, I can understand why.  
They really did a fucking number on you man.  I would probably react the same
way if it had been me."

I liked him right away.   He had heart, he cared.

"Fine, I guess." I replied.

"You really gave them a scare this afternoon.   Do you realize you almost broke
through a quarter inch leather strap?   Mind you, you made one hell of a mess of
your arms in the process.   Tore right down to the bone on the right wrist and
most of the skin gone from the left.  Your one strong dude, Harold."  he said
with admiration.

"I had just found out that I had killed two men and seriously injured three
others because of a fucking sick joke.  I wanted someone to fucking pay for
that,  I was just blind with rage."  I replied.

"Oh, guess  you are referring to the mock castration."

"Ya.  I was so fucking angry about the joke I forgot to be happy 'cause I still
had 'em."

"Look Harold they tell me you are an honest guy and always on the up and up.  Is
that true?" he asked.

"Well I try to be I answered." baffled by the question.

"Well Harold you have got to be very uncomfortable trussed up like this.  If I
remove the straps and the IV's will you behave yourself?   I must have your word
on this, Harold.   I could end up in severe punishment if you were to lie to
me." 

I looked at him.   Was he for real?   I had already proven that I couldn't be
trusted, yet he was asking me to give my word that I would behave.   Well I
wanted to be able to move around and I really hated the IV's.

"Allan I promise I will not misbehave during your shift.   However before you go
off duty, come back and replace the bonds.   My promise does not extend beyond
your shift."  I stated clearly.

"Ok.   Just lay back and relax and I will get all this shit off of you."

He talked quietly about himself and how he had also been kidnapped and forced
into slavery.   He had been a slave for fifteen years.   He said it had not been
too bad, he had a fairly good life here, but he would like to be free again.

Once he had all the shit off I asked if I could get up for a few moments to
stretch.   He agreed but told me I had been in such bad shape when I was brought
in that  I probably would not be able to stand on my own.

He helped me get up and onto my feet.  He was right.   I was very weak and got a
case of the dizzies the moment I got up.   I sat right back down again.

"You are going to have to give yourself some time to get everything working
again.    According to the admittance report you had been in a fetal position
for almost two days.   Your body temp had dropped drastically and you had not
had any nourishment or liquids in more than seventy two hours.   That is pretty
drastic stuff for a body to come through and it will take a day or two for you
to adjust again."  he informed me quietly as I sat with my legs dangling over
the side of the bed.

"I don't suppose anyone has said what is going to happen to me?" I asked.

"No.  Nothing like that in the report." he replied.

"What do you think they will do to me for Killing Alex and that other guy?"

"Ah, now that I can answer.   Nothing.   You didn't kill them, Harold.   They
are both alive and well, oh they are going to have sore necks for a few days and
some bruising, but that is all." he answered with a smile.

"Well that's a bit of a relief.   I didn't much like Alex, but I didn't really
want to kill him either, at least I hope I didn't."

"Do you know how the other three are doing, Joel, Peter and the other lad?" I
asked.

"Well, Peter is fine.  Just a broken nose and a couple of black eyes.   He is
back at work already, not that you could keep him away from Mr. Sebastion. 
Peter is in love with him.  Hospital gossip has it that Mr. Sebastion is trying
to get Master Ed to sell Peter to him."  he giggled.

"Ya I noticed how Peter seemed to be gaga over him." I said with a small smile.

"Joel has a concussion.  He is still in coma but is expected to come out of it
soon.   He also has a broken jaw.   I suspect when he comes out of the coma he
is going to wish he could go back until the jaw heals."  he gave a short laugh.

"But he is ok otherwise?" I asked with concern.

"I mean once he comes out of coma and his jaw heals, will be back to normal, no
lasting physical or mental damage?"
 
"Oh yeah, he will be fine, Joel is one strong, healthy dude." he replied.

"I am really glad.  I like Joel very much.   I am just so sorry he picked that
moment to grab me like that.   If he hadn't he would have been ok."

"Now Sammy on the other hand is a completely different story, Harold." he said
seriously.

"Sammy?" I questioned.

"The other lad, his name is Sammy."

"Oh, ok.  Got confused for a second.  He is in a bad way then?"

"Ya, afraid so.  A real bad way.   You did a real number on his face.   They had
to completely rebuild the face and pull out all the bone fragments.   There was
some pretty serious damage around the eyes.   They won't know if he can still
see until the bandages are removed some time next week."

"Oh shit."  I began to cry. 

"Oh man I didn't mean for that to happen.   I didn't even know him.   He didn't
do a damned thing except open that door at the wrong time.  How the hell am I
ever going to be able to live with this, Allen?"

"You will, Harold.   Like all things it will pass, oh you will have remorse and
think about it from time to time, but you will manage."  he said
sympathetically.

"Well along with everything else it is only one more reason why I wish they
would just kill me and get it over with." I stated.

"Oh I don't think they are going to kill you, Harold.   If they were going to do
that you wouldn't be here." he said with a smile.

"So they figure Sammy will survive otherwise?" I asked.

"Ya, he is awake and in good spirits considering  the trauma he has gone
through.  He doesn't know what happened to him.  He has not been told and won't
be until Master Ed has all the answers."

"Well let's hope Master Ed is man enough to give the fucking answers."  I spit
out.

"Huh!" he exclaimed.

"I mean I don't think he and Charlie are man enough to admit that their little
fucking game backfired." I replied.

"Oh, you are talking about the castration.   Master Ed and Master Charlie had
nothing to do with it, Harold.   The perpetrators of that little hoax were found
about an hour after the doctor told Charlie why you went on the war path."

"There were six of them and they are down in the cells now.   According to the
hospital rumor mill the punishment is going to be very, very severe.   They are
all going to go through the same castration routine they put you through,   but
for real."

"Ah shit, that is wrong, fucking wrong." I said vehemently.

"Damn it, castration is wrong, look what just the belief that it had be done,
did to me.  They will never be able to trust those guys again."

"Oh that is a given.   They will not stay here after the castration,  they will
be sold in the Middle East.   The castrations will take place according to the
customs of the buyers.   Their new Master's will have nothing to fear, in fact
they will very seldom if ever even see their Master's."  he informed me.

"Hey, that is what Charlie was going to do to Twink, when he first arrived.  A
special priest or something was being sent over to do the job.   The owner had
insisted that the castration take place before Twink was shipped out."  I said.

"Twink?  Whose Twink?" he asked.

"A young lad brought to Charlie by two cops.   They fed Charlie a line, saying
the boy was an incorrigible trouble maker.   Charlie believed them and took the
boy off their hands.   He sold him to an Arab.   The Arab wanted Twink fully
trained and castrated before he was shipped to the Middle East."  I explained.

"Oh." he replied.

"We, Pat, Pete, Larry and I felt it was wrong for Charlie to have the kid
castrated.   We found out the cops had lied and were only being bastards.  
Anyway we convinced Charlie and he cancelled the sale.   The two cops were
picked up and sent here.   I saw them a few days ago, they are not in good
shape." 

"Well nothing is going to stop these guys from being sold to the Arabs.   They
can not stay here or anywhere else on this side of the ocean.   They will have
to be where escape is impossible, the Middle east is the best of all the
possibilities.   Believe it or not there are much worse places for them to be
sent to."  he said.

"Yes, guess your right.   I remember we sent three ex-masters to a hell hole in
Asia.  I don't imagine they are even still alive, nor from what I heard about
where they went, would they want to be."  I stated.

"Well Harold, you are going to have visitors in the morning.   Charlie and Ed
have to find out exactly what went down.  Tell them what happened.  You don't
have to talk about anything else if you don't want to, but let them know what
drove you.  I don't think you are going to get punished for this, Harold.  None
of it was really your fault." 

"I will see how I feel in the morning.   Right now I have one hell of a lot of
stuff to sort out in my mind.  The only thing I know for sure is this constant
emotional upheaval has got to stop or it is going to drive me insane."

"Ok." he said.  "You have a good rest and I will wake you for breakfast.  Good
night, Harold."

"Good night, Allen and thanks.   I feel much better now." I said.

He left the room and I just lay there for a bit staring at the ceiling.  
Finally I reached behind me and pulled the cord that turned off the light.

I lay in the dark for the longest time, trying to sort out all the shit and
events that had happened since my arrival at the Parts Farm.   Eventually I fell
into a troubled sleep.

Allen, true to his word arrived with breakfast  just as I was waking up.

"Morning Harold."  he greeted me warmly.

"How are you feeling?"

"Good morning Allen, feeling much better thanks.   My right wrist is really
aching badly though.   Could I have a couple of Tylenol, they might help to ease
the pain a bit."  I said as I sat up.

"Sure, bring you some three's they have codeine and work much better for pain."
he said as he placed my breakfast tray on the roll over bed table.   

He then cranked up the head of the bed so I would be in a comfortable position
to eat.   The roll over table was pushed into place in front of me.

Allen lifted the warming lid from my breakfast and stood back, smiling.  

"Don't eat too fast, it has been a while since you have had solid food.   We
don't want you getting sick." he said.

I just looked at the breakfast he had brought then looked at him.

"What the hell is it?" I asked in consternation.

"Cold, beef bouillon and one half piece of dry whole wheat toast."  he answered
with an impish grin.

"You expect me to eat this?" I replied unbelieving.

"Yup."  That is all you get and you must eat it all."  he laughed.

"This is bloody worse than torture." I whined.

"In fact it is in human torture.   You can not be really serious."

"Oh I am serious Harold.   Your stomach has been without solid food for so long
if we give you anything else you will get severe stomach cramps and vomit it all
up."  he explained.

"Well looking at this, I kind'a think stomach cramps and vomit would be much
more preferable."  I was hoping I could convince him to bring me real food.

"Now Harold you either eat it yourself or I will put you back into your bonds
and then force feed it to you." he said in mock seriousness.

"Ya, you and what army." I giggled picking up the bowl and taking a sip.

It was rather flat and salty tasting.   But it was nice to have something wet
around my lips and tongue.   I took another sip and then a nibble out of the dry
toast.   I found it was better to dunk the toast.

About a minute later I was finished eating my breakfast, but hungrier then when
I started.

"That's a good boy." he smiled.

He pulled the roll over table away from the bed.   He noticed the blankets were
tented down around my groin.

"Mmmmm looks like something is under those blankets with you, Harold." he said
with a grin.

"Huh?" I responded, not knowing what he was referring to.

I looked down and saw the tent and then went red in the face.  He thought that
was hilarious.   His laugh was infectious and soon I was laughing too, and my
dick was jumping up and down.

"Been a while since you emptied the nut sac, huh!" he stated.

"Ya, the afternoon before all this started.   Mr. Sebastion gave me one hell of
a great blow job."  I answered.

"Well I think you need to have it emptied again and would like to help you do
it.   Can you handle that?" he asked with an impish grin.

"Bet your life on it." I answered.

His head disappeared under the blankets and I felt his lips kissing my right
leg.   As he kissed, he flicked his tongue out every now and again as he moved
up the leg from the knee.

There was something terribly erotic about watching a head moving under my
blankets and the great feelings his tongue and lips were giving my leg.

Next thing I knew his left hand was on my chest, flicking my right nipple and
his right hand was rubbing the calf of my right leg.    I couldn't stop myself
from moaning my pleasure.   The sensations were so wonderful I began to breath
hard.

Both hands were wandering around flicking here, rubbing there, while his lips
and tongue had found their way to my throbbing shaft.    He worked along the
top, all the way to my pulsing cock head.   He flicked his tongue against the
slit sending shivers up my spine.

I couldn't help myself from voicing my pleasure.

"Oh yea, that is fantastic Allen.  Oh man yeah.  Do it, yeah." 

My heavy breathing had turned to gasps, this was unbelievable.    I had thought
I would never experience anything like this again, but it was happening.   Allen
had taken the head of my throbbing dick in his hot mouth and was working it in
and out slowly while I continued to voice my pleasure.

His right hand was now massaging my nuts and it felt so good.   His left hand
was busy tweaking my nipples, first one then the other.   He was taking my
throbbing dick all the way down his throat now, keeping a steady pace that was
just driving me wild. 

I was so turned on I was having difficulty keeping myself from grabbing his head
and just holding  myself deep in his throat.   My hips were involuntarily
pushing up  to meet each downward stroke of his mouth.   I had broken out in a
sweat, a drop had rolled down from my brow into my left eye.

I was high on the mountain, the peak was only a step a way.   Allen picked up
the pace, I guess he could sense I was close.   His left hand slipped away from
my nuts and I felt a finger begin to rub around my back door.

That was all it took.   My nuts lifted in their warm little sac and I screamed
out in pure pleasure as I started shooting deep into Allen's hot throat.

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah." I screamed out as I shot load after load of hot
dick snot down his hot throat as it grabbed and squeezed my dick during his
frantic forward and backward thrusts of his head.

My nuts finally stopped shooting and I lay back exhausted,  my body bathed in
sweat and my lungs gasping for air.  Allen continued to suckle on my dick for a
bit as I regained my equilibrium.

He pulled out from under the covers and looked at me with a grin.

"Bet I had a better breakfast than you did." he laughed.

"Anything has got to be better than that horse piss you called bouillon."  I
shot back.

I started kicking off the blankets.   I was soaking wet from sweating and was
also very warm.    I don't think I had ever had sex under a blanket before,  the
body's temperature sure climbs fast that way.

Allen watched as I kicked off all the blankets.

"Mmmm you know what they say about patients that lay naked on top of the bed
covers, don't you" he asked, deadpan.

I was really slow this morning and fell right into it.

"No, what?" I asked in all seriousness.

"They just'a waitin' ta get laid by a nurse." he laughed.

I was taken aback for just a moment by his statement and then it clicked in.

"Too bad there ain't any nurses around that are man enough to do it." I laughed.

"I'll show you whose man enough." he said as he started to quickly strip off his
whites.

I watched fascinated as he stripped.  Allen was about 5'7 or 5'8.   He had a
broad chest and was extremely hairy.   His chest was a mat of thick, black hair. 
So thick I could not see his nipples.

That mat of chest hair continued down across his abs, hiding them as well.  
When he pulled off his pants a seven and a half inch dick popped up against the
belly hair.

He was cut and his dick was fairly thick, I wasn't afraid of it, I had, had
thicker ones.    He climbed up on the bed, worked his way up to my face, his
mouth opened and we kissed.   His hot tongue entering my mouth and exploring.

His kiss was deep and passionate, his arms had worked their way up and under
mine he pulled me close.   My arms went around him and pulled him in as well.   
I was lost in that kiss but could feel his hard cock rubbing insistently against
my still flaccid member.

As we kissed and he rubbed that wonderful hairy body against mine, my dick began
to rise again and rub against his.    He was leaking precum and  I could feel
the wetness of it against my lower abs.

Allen was a lover.   He like to take his time and enjoy every second of his
lovemaking.    I just went with the flow, the longer we held off the harder I
would get as I recovered from the earlier blow job.

Allen finally pulled away from my face and began to lick and kiss my chest.   He
took each nipple in his mouth and gently bit down.   Not enough to cause serious
pain but enough that I knew he was biting, it felt wonderful.

From my chest and nipples he worked that hot tongue across my abs, flicking in
and out, driving me wild.    He licked gently all around my button hole and
every once in a while would give a quick flick into the hole with his tongue,
making me heave in anticipation of that tongue rubbing against my button.

He finally sat up on his knees and lifted my legs to his shoulders.   He
squirmed in tight and I could feel his cock head against my rose bud.   He
worked the head up and down and round and round the prize, working his precum
all over to provide lube for the grand entry.

He began entry by pushing gently against my bud, I concentrated on relaxing the
sphincter.   I felt the head begin to enter, he pulled back, then did it again.  
Again and again he did this, driving me crazy, I wanted to feel him deep within
me, but he was taking his own sweet time.

Just when I thought I would go right round the bend, he pushed in a little
deeper and I gave a big moan of pleasure.   Again he started the in and out
routine.     He kept doing this until the whole seven and a half inches were
embedded deep in my bowels.   Once he was in all the way he pushed down hard and
just held for a bit.

It was an unbelievably tender moment, I felt at one with him.   He became a part
of me, of what and who I am, for just that fleeting moment.   And for just that
fleeting moment, I was madly in love with Allen.

The spell broke and he began a slow but gentle rhythmic fuck.   All the way in,
all the way out.   On each inward thrust he would brush against my prostate
sending thrills all through me.

He had been thrusting gently for about five minutes or so, when he bent over and
kissed me.   I returned the kiss hungrily.    I was in heaven.

When he began to pick up the pace he also wrapped a hand around my throbbing
dick and began to wank me in rhythm with his thrusts.

He was taking me to the top of the mountain, keeping me there for a bit then
bringing me down a ways.   Then it was back to the top, then down again.   I was
gasping again.

"Now tell me Harold." He said between gasps for air himself.

"What do they say about patients that lay naked on top of the bed covers?"

"They are praying a nurse will come along and fuck their brains out."  I gasped
back, happily.

He gave a little snicker and began to really pound into me.

"Oh aiiiiieee thasssssssss goooooood." I cried out.

He was still wanking me in time with his thrusts and taking me to the top of the
mountain again.   It had been so often I had lost count.   But this time he kept
me there, I could feel my nuts begin to shift and knew I would not be holding
much longer, I was about to slip over the peak and spray the world with my joy
juice.

"Let it go, Harold." he called out to me. 

"Blow your scum all over the fucking place."

"Oh yeah." I answered back and began to unload again.

At the same moment I felt him begin to unload his hot seed deep in my bowels.

"Ayeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhhhhh."  I cried out in pleasure.

My hot cum shot up into the air and landed heavily on my chest.   Squirt after
squirt.   Where the fuck did I get it all?  My chest was a big puddle of white
man juice.   When he finally emptied his nuts he stopped moving and just held
his dick deep within me.   It felt so good.

I was trying to get my breathing back to normal again and watched as he did the
same.

"Thank you Allen, that was wonderful." I said softly between gasps.

He just smiled.   He finally pulled out with a little plop, leaned over and
began to lap up the cum from my chest.   When he had lapped it all up he leaned
farther forward and brought his lips to mine.   I suspected he had a mouth full
of my cum and was going to share it.

I was right.

After sharing my cum we continued to kiss for a while.  He then rolled over
beside me and rubbed his hand back and forth across my chest.

"I could very easily fall in love with you, Harold." he said, lovingly.

"And I with you Allen, you really are a wonderful human being."  I replied.

"If only we had met under different circumstances.   Oh, well that's life.   At
least we have had these few moments, which I will treasure for ever."  he said a
small tear formed in the corner of his eyes.

I leaned over and kissed him.  

"Yes, I guess as slaves we have to treasure the few moments we do get.   Making
the most of them so they do last forever.   If we had been free we would
probably just mouth a few bullshit words then go on our way and never think of
each other again."  I said.

"Well," he said,  "time for me to get on with the jobs at hand."

He rolled off the bed and stood up.

"Would you like a shower" he asked.

"Would I.   Oh yeah, I'd suck a mean cock for a shower." I answered with a grin.

"Someone just might take you up on that offer." he said.

"Now you will have to do everything slowly.   Your legs are going to be weak and
there may even be some muscle pain.   When you first get up you may feel dizzy.  
We will take it slowly and you will be ok." he informed me.

"Alright, your the doctor....well the nurse, then." I quickly added with a
giggle, when he looked up at me.

It took three tries for me to get up onto my feet and stay there.    My head
began to swirl around the first two times and I had to sit right back down.   
The third time there was still a bit of swirling, but not that bad and I could
handle it.

Walking however was another matter entirely.    My legs were very weak and the
muscles protested every step to the shower.    Allen entered the shower with me
and once under the hot water, he used the hand held shower head to massage my
leg muscles, with the water as hot as I could stand.

Then he gave me a good rub down with soap and a good rinse.    By then I was
feeling pretty good so insisted that I soap him down, which I did in spite of
the leg pain.  Unfortunately by the time we were finished showering I was very
tired and sore.   Allen had to get me back to the bed.   The blow job would have
to wait.

While we were in the shower someone had come in and changed the bedding.   Allen
helped me back into the bed and I lay back.   I was tired, but felt good.  
Nothing like good sex and a hot shower to revive sagging spirits.

"Have a nap, Harold.   Charlie and Ed won't be here for another couple of hours.  
I will wake you in plenty of time and you can have a snack."  he said.

"But aren't you going off duty?" I asked.

"Usually I do, but I am going to stay on until Charlie and Ed have talked with
you.   I don't have the heart to put you back in bondage." he said with a smile.

"Don't worry about me, we have a cot in the nurses station and I grabbed a few
winks during the night and will grab a couple more now.   You just rest and I'll
see you after." he said fussing like a mother hen.

"Ok, thanks."  I replied closing my eyes.

In a matter of seconds I was sound asleep, no nightmares this time, just good
solid sleep.

When I awoke I could tell from the way the light entered the window that it was
getting close to noon.   I must have slept for a good three or four hours.  The
door opened and Allen entered.   He was carrying a small tray.

"Well old sleepy head is finally awake.    If you hadn't been I was going to
wake you.   It is ten thirty and Charlie will be down to see you at eleven.   
Brought you a small snack." he said as he placed the small tray on the roll
table and pushed it to the bed.

He went to the end of the bed and cranked up the front half for me.

"How are you feeling now, Harold?" he asked.

"Much, much better, thanks Allen, I appreciate all this attention." I said
softly.

"Ah, no problem, just get better, that will make me very happy." he said
smiling.

He lifted the lid off the tray revealing a quarter of an egg salad sandwich and
a very small glass of  milk.   Well it was a snack, not much of a snack, but a
snack which I proceeded to wolf down.

"Easy there Harold, you will make yourself sick." he said in concern.

"Well that's better then starving to death." I answered.

"Man am I ever hungry.   Can't I have something else, I really need something
more than this."  I begged.

"Nope, that's it, however, you will get a nice salad for lunch along with a bowl
of chicken noodle soup.  You should find that more filling." he answered with a
smile.

"Yuck.   I hate chicken noodle soup.  Tastes more like chicken piss then chicken
soup." I complained.

"Oh and when did you last taste chicken piss?" he asked with a sardonic grin.

I looked at him with a stunned look on my face.    I had not been expecting him
to respond like that.

"I can just see you now, Harold.   Walking around the farm yard picking up the
chickens and holding them over your head to let them piss in your mouth.   My,
my, my, what a picture." he said with a big grin.

"Your crazy, ya know that." I replied and began to laugh.

I laughed so hard my insides were beginning to hurt.

After calming down he brought me a bed pan.   He didn't think I should try the
walk to the toilet just yet.   The walk and standing in the shower had been
enough until later today.

Once that was all looked after he pulled up a chair and sat beside me.

"Harold I am going to have to go off duty.   I really don't want to put you back
into those fucking restraints.   Your not going to cause any problems are you?" 
he asked in all seriousness.

"No, I'll be good now.   I honestly believed that Charlie had done all this and
it really pissed me off.   I had a chance last night to really think things
through.   I won't cause any problems, placid Harold is back."  I promised.

"Good.   I don't want to be sold to one of them rich Arabs minus my nuts."

"Don't worry, you are safe." I assured him.

"I'll be back on duty tonight.   I will see you then, ok?"

"Yes, I'll be looking forward to your return."  I replied.

He leaned over, gave me a kiss then said good bye.  I watched as he left the
room, I would miss him during the rest of the day.

Charlie and Ed arrived about an hour later.   My heart skipped a beat when they
entered the room, Pat was with them.   He came straight to the bed, bent over
and gave me a kiss.   All my worries and fears vanished with that kiss.   Let
Charlie do his worst, it wouldn't bother me at all, Pat still loved me.

"Are you feeling better now, Harold?" Charlie asked gently, a big difference
from how he had reacted the other times he had been in.

"Much better thank you, Sir." I replied. 

"I guess you have had a pretty rough go of it, huh?"

"Yes, Sir.   I would rather you hang me or shoot me then have to go through
anything like that again." I replied, looking him square in the eye.

"You won't be put through it again, Harold.   It was all a big fucking mistake.  
The guys that played that fucking trick will never do it again.   I am selling
them to the Arabs."  he almost apologized.

"But Sir, the Arabs will castrate them.   Is it really necessary?   Isn't there
some other punishment, less drastic?"  I asked, hoping he would change his mind.

"Harold this is a huge organization.   The only thing that holds it all together
is discipline.   When a slave or even a Master does anything that jeopardizes
the organization the punishment must be severe to serve as a warning to others.  
I don't much like having them castrated, two of them are very dear to me, but it
will happen because it must."  he said sadly.

"Master Ed has brought a tape machine, we want you to tell us everything that
happened from the moment you awoke in the lounge and found Mr. Sebastion waiting
for you.  This is very important Harold, give us as much detail as possible. 
Describe everyone you can remember as well as you can.  The information you
provide may save one or two of those guys from being sold.    If it is possible
to save a couple of them we will."  he advised.

Master Ed brought the small tape player up and placed it on the bed next to me.  
He clipped a small microphone to the pillow next to my head.    After conducting
a voice check to make sure it was picking up ok, I began to explain what had
happened.

I described everything that happened in as exact detail as I could remember,
even down to the fact that the lad that opened the door looked like Pete, but
the voice was different.   I described each of the six Masters as best I could,
but it had all happened so quickly.

When I was finished Master Ed took the tape player and left the room.

"Harold, I am very sorry all this happened.   I was so angry with you for
laughing at me that I could not see reason.    It was only when I was informed
about how sick you had become that my anger finally abated."

"Harold, you have got to understand that I am the Master, your laughing at me
made me look bad in the eyes of the other Master's and slaves,  that I can not
allow.  You must learn to treat me with respect at all times, you don't have to
like me, you just have to respect me.   I had to punish you, I did not know the
dungeon was so cold and that you did not have a bed and blankets.    I should
have checked on you myself."

"If you are well enough we will head home tomorrow."

"Your taking me back home?" I asked in surprise.

"Damned right.   Your being sent here was a fucking mistake.    A driver had
arrived to pick up a crate.    Jake was not in the shipping department when he
arrived.    He asked one of the guys for the crate he was supposed to pick up. 
Your crate was sitting there so they assumed it was the one and he took it."  he
explained.

"When the truck from Master Giovanni arrived to pick up your crate, it was gone.  
Jake nearly had a fit.   It took over two hours to find out what had happened.  
By that time you were well on your way to the farm."

A mistake!  Well why the hell did Master Ed tell me it had been planned, I
wondered.

"I called Master Ed to let him know the crate was coming and that it was a
mistake.    He talked me into letting you think that I had sent you.   We
thought maybe it would be a good lesson for you.    I should have known better,
you are still much too sensitive to visit a place like this.    Then those silly
bastards had to go and play that fucking trick."  I could see anger build up at
that thought.

"We now have five men injured and almost lost the most important one.   Harold,
Pat has probably already mentioned that he suspects I have plans for you, is
that true?" he asked.

"Yes Sir, he did mention that some weeks back ." I replied.

"Well I am not prepared at this time to tell you or anyone what those plans are. 
Suffice to say I want you to understand the system we live under, this
Master/Slave system.    It is imperative to my plans that you understand it,
accept it and begin to believe that it is a good system."  he explained in a
fatherly way.

"So yes, you are going home with us. Master Giovanni is still waiting for your
visit."  he said with a smile, turned and left the room.

I was stunned.   I lay there with my mouth open, watching him go.   The door was
just closing  when I finally got my act together.

"Wait a minute." I yelled.  "I don't want to go visiting Master Giovanni." 

He pushed the door back open and stuck his head in.

"I know." he said and began to laugh as the door closed and he was gone.

"Sonofabitch!" I exclaimed.

Pat was still beside me, holding my hand.   He broke out into laughter.

"This ain't funny, Pat." I admonished.

"Oh yes it is, Harold.    I see something that you don't." he said.

"Oh, and what is that?" I asked a bit annoyed.

"The look on your face." he said between bails of laughter.

His laugh was infectious and soon I was laughing as well.  We were still
laughing when the day nurse arrived with my lunch.

Pat gave me a kiss and said he would see me later.   He wanted me to relax and
sleep as much as possible.   I had to build my strength back up.

"How the hell am I going to build my strength on the piddling amount of shitty
food they have been forcing me to eat?" I complained.

"It is for your own good, Harold.   I have taken over as your doctor and I
approved all the menu's from now till tomorrow.  So eat.   We have to feed you
small amounts at a time.   By breakfast tomorrow you should be able to tolerate
a full meal.   Until then you eat what we tell you, and no arguments."  he
ordered.

"Yes, doctor Pat, Sir.   Your patient will obey."  I giggled.

"That's the spirit, talk with you later." he gave me another quick kiss and
left.

My lunch was exactly what Allen said it would be, a salad and a bowl of chicken
noodle soup.   The salad was good, the whole two mouthfuls, the soup, I gagged
down.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 31

After lunch the day nurse, Jules,  brought me a wheelchair, a pair of hospital
style pj's and a robe.   He helped me into the pj's and the robe,  then we
worked on my getting from the bed to the wheelchair by myself.

It took a couple of practices but I managed to do it without much difficulty.  
He told me that Joel was awake and had been asking for me.

"May I go see him?" I asked.

"Yes, he is in the room next door.   After you have had your visit I will take
you to the physiotherapy gym.   The therapist is going to work on your legs and
get you moving around again."  he said.

Joel's room was identical to mine, his was also a single room.  He was sitting
up, the top of his head wrapped in bandages.   He had some bandages that wrapped
around and under his jaw as well.

He smiled when I entered.

"Hi Harold." he greeted, very quietly, he couldn't open his mouth very wide.

"Hi Joel, man I am sorry for this.   Please forgive me." I said wheeling myself
over to him and taking one of his hands.

"Hey, it's ok, man.   I was briefed on what went down and what it did to you.  
It's not your fault Harold, so relax, I'm not pissed at you." he replied.

"Just the same, I do feel bloody awful about the whole damned thing.    But I am
glad you understand.  In my right mind I would never do anything to hurt you or
anyone else." 

"I know that and so does Alex and Rupert.   They don't hold it against you
either."  he said.

"Who is Rupert?" I asked.

"Oh, Rupert is the other nurse whose neck you tickled." he laughed but because
he could not open his mouth all that wide it came out more like a cough.

"Mmm..... tickle, that's a nice way to put it." I replied with a smile.

"Alex was in to see me a little while ago.  He has one hell of a bruise around
his neck.  If he and Rupert had been wearing collars like the rest of us they
wouldn't be sporting bruises." he chuckled.

We talked until Jules came to take me to the physiotherapist.  The therapist
worked the hell out of my legs, but by the time he was finished I was up and
walking.   When Jules came to take me back to my room I walked, pushing the
wheelchair all the way back.

I was very tired though and headed straight for the bed to lay down.    Sleep
had almost caught up to me when Jules entered.

"Got a treat for you Harold.  Look at this,  a yummy roast beef dinner and all
the trimmings." he said holding up a bag full of clear liquid.

"The therapist felt you were lacking nourishment.   You had the shakes all
through the therapy session.   We called Pat and he ordered this nice treat for
you.  Now don't that make you happy?" he laughed lightly.
  
"Huh?"  I answered dumfounded.

"You gonna get an IV, Harold." he said.

"Ah, shit.   Why not just give me the real damned thing?" I complained.

"Such is life dear boy, such is life." he replied with a smile.

I must admit the IV took away the shakes and the stomach grumbling.  Mind you I
was fast asleep before any of these effects even became noticeable.

Although the IV had satisfied my hunger, I was brought a snack right after I
awoke.   The snack was good, 3 oatmeal cookies and a medium sized glass of milk.

Now, what was I going to do with all the time I had on my hands.  I was all
slept out, there were no books or anything.  Laying here staring at the ceiling
certainly didn't appeal to me.

Jules solved that problem for me.

"Now if you like you can get up and go for a walk around the halls, maybe down
to the lounge or the games room for a while.   Take your chair,  push it along
and take your time.  If you become tired or your legs start to cramp, use the
chair. Ok?"

"That's a great a idea.   Would it be ok for me to visit with Joel again?" I
asked.

"Sure, if he is awake, but if he is sleep try not to wake him.   The more sleep
he gets the better."  he answered.

"Ok, I promise I won't wake him or tire him if he is awake."  I said.

I peaked in the door of Joel's room but he was sound asleep.   Disappointed I
started down the hall towards the lounge.

I tried reading a magazine, but became very restless.   Next I hit the games
room.   There were a couple of patients there and we soon had a card game going. 
We played until a Nurse notified us it was dinner time.

Back at the room I asked Jules if it would be ok if I had my dinner with Joel.  
He agreed.   

Now my dinner was really great.   Three whole mouthfuls of salad and a whole ham
& cheese sandwich.   The ham was sliced very thing and you needed a magnifying
glass to see it, but it was a whole sandwich.   I nibbled slowly, because I
really wasn't all that hungry anyway. 

I stayed with Joel for over two hours and only left because Jules came in and
insisted that Joel have a nap.   I went back to my room feeling a bit lonely.  
There were still about four or five hours to go before bed time.  I opened my
room door and pushed the chair in, then stopped dead in my tracks.   My mouth
curled in a big stupid grin, Pat was sitting on the bed.

"Oh am I glad to see you, Pat."  I said happily.

"I can see that." he answered

"I'm doing pretty good now, just keeping the chair handy for an emergency." I
laughed.

"Good.   Did the liquid lunch get rid of the shakes you were experiencing?" he
asked.

"Yup.    I guess it was a delicious lunch but I really don't remember it, I
slept through the whole thing." I giggled like a little kid.

"Great.  Well come over here I want to talk to you." he said.

I pushed the chair over, put on the breaks and sat down in it.

"We found out how they pulled the trick with the castration.    It really was
quite simple, they used a video tape.    A lot of castrations are performed here
to remove cancerous testicles.    Almost every single one of them is video
taped.   They simply searched for one that closely resembled your equipment.   
It really is just a matter of timing and making sure you could not actually see
what was happening."  he explained.

"Bastards!  That's why they tied my arms the way they did.   When they pulled my
head back and chained my collar to the chair I could not see over my chest which
was pushed way out by my arms."

"They really did bath your testicles with the antiseptic.   They also used a
real local anesthetic.   It was necessary for authenticity.   Your testicles
were numb but you could still feel them being maneuvered around."

"Bastards!" was all I could say.

"The most important part was to synchronize everything to the video and that
really wasn't all that difficult."

"But what about that testicle they waved in front of my face?   That damned
thing looked real?" I questioned.

"It was real, it just wasn't one of yours." he replied.

"There had been a castration earlier in the day and a couple of these guys were
surgery nurses.   It was not difficult to get hold of the cancerous testicles
and put them aside."

"I'll be a Sonofabitch." was all I could think of to say.

"Now Harold there is something else you should be told." he looked me in the eye
and I could see that what was coming would be serious stuff.

"There is no such thing as a Parts Farm, Harold.   We use it to scare hell out
recalcitrant slaves.  Very few people back home know that it is really a hoax. 
It is a very handy disciplinary tool."

"But what about those three guys in my room that had there eyes and kidneys and
other parts removed?   I saw them.  I slept in the same room with them."  I
stammered.

"Harold this whole complex is a vast research hospital.   Every patient here is
terminal, all limbs and/or other parts removed, were removed for sound medical
reasons.   We do not sell body parts, Harold."

"What about the two cops, I was taken in and shown them.   Both had their eyes
removed."  I accused.

"No Harold, they were not the two cops.  They are terminal patients, they agreed
to go along with the charade.  The two cops were disciplined, but not by
Charlie.   He said all that in front of you and the others to keep the myth
going.  

They were disciplined by their own Chief, under the Police Act.    They had a
choice of pleading guilty to a charge that would bring a reprimand or they would
be charged with and offense that would get them kicked off the force.  They knew
that it would be a piece of cake to plant enough evidence to prove them guilty.  
They were in a no win situation so excepted the reprimand.

"Ok, but what about, Reg."  

"Reg?" he asked, confusion on his face.

"When I first arrived Alex assigned Reg as my buddy.   He was supposed to show
me around the place.   But poor Reg is a bit simple, he had no idea why he was
here.   He only knew that one moment he was in a gym  and the next he was here." 
I paused for a moment.


"Well Reg asked me if I knew anything about this place and I told him that we
were going to be dismembered and our body parts sold to rich bastards.  Master
Ed got all bent out of shape about that and I was punished pretty severely.  
But the worst of it was that poor Reg's schedule was moved up.   I never saw him
again."  I looked at him with a tear in my eye.

"Pat, that poor guy doesn't deserve being dismembered."  I said softly.

"I have no idea who Reg is, Harold." he said.

"But I can guarantee he hasn't and won't be dismembered.   Give me a moment and
I will go find out who he is and more important, where he is."  he said.

"Pat, if he is still ok I really would like to see him again." 

"Ok, give me a few moments." he said as he got up off the bed and headed out of
the room.

While he was gone I had time to try and digest what he was telling me.  This
wasn't a Parts Farm.   Everyone here was a real, terminally ill patient.   A
major research hospital.   But what about the six guys that had pulled the hoax
on me?    Were they really being sold to the Arabs?   Fuck I was so confused now
my mind was ready to explode.

Pat was gone for about ten minutes, when he returned he had a big smile on his
face.

"Found him, Harold." he said.

"Want to see him?"

"Yes, Pat I would."

He opened the door and Reg walked in, wearing the standard slaves outfit.  He
had a big smile on his face and he looked just as good as the last time I had
seen him.

I got up out of that chair and headed straight for him, grasping him in a big
bear hug.    Shit I was glad to see him.

"Oh man you are a sight for sore eyes." I blurted.

"Didn't think I was ever going to see you again, at least not in one piece." 
then began laughing.

"You were wrong about his place, Harold.  It is a hospital and they have lots of
very sick people here.   I have been helping,  they brought me here to help." he
said smiling.

"And they got a really great gym and I can go anytime and I don't have to pay
nuthin', this is a really great place." 

"Alex told me that I was now a slave.    That really scared me because my mom
told me about slaves.   My great, great grandfather had been a slave down in the
south.   She said he had been treated real mean.   But they ain't been mean to
me, they give me some jobs to do and when I am done I can go and spend as much
time in the gym as I want."  he went on and on.

"Well I am really happy for you Reg." I finally managed to squeak in.   

"I was wrong, some people had convinced me this was a bad place but they lied to
me, Reg.   I think you are really going to be very happy here and maybe I will
see you again sometime." 

"Yeah that would be nice, Harold." he said as Pat ushered him out the door.

After telling Reg he could go to the gym if he wanted, Pat returned.

"Ok, Pat, you don't need to say anything.  I believe you completely, but it is
your own fault I was skeptical, you guys did a really thorough job of convincing
me this was a Parts Farm."  I admonished.

"Yeah, maybe too good a job." he answered looking me in the eye.

"How are you feeling, Harold?   Think you are up to taking a walk with me?"

"I feel fine and I'd love to take a walk with you, I'll bring the chair just in
case." I replied.

Our walk turned out to be a straight path to his suite, it was in the Mansion
part of the building.  I couldn't believe the place, it was even more
spectacular than Mr. Sebastion's.   I mean this room was awesome.

"Wow," I said as we entered,  "you get the royal treatment, huh?" 

He gave a small laugh and shut the door.

"Something like that." he answered as he took me in his arms, completely
changing the subject.

Our lips met in hot passion.  Oh how I had missed this man I loved so deeply. 
Our tongues touched, caressed lovingly, exploring deeply into the oral cavity.  
Our hands began to undress each other.

I don't know about other people but I find it damned difficult to kiss and
undress at the same time.   On TV and in the movies they make it look so damned
easy and natural.   In real life it is bloody awkward and damned near
impossible, particularly when lust has taken over and it is impossible to pull
your lips away from your partner.    You both fumble, grope and tear at each
others cloths.  Taking forever to do something that should have been done in  a
few seconds.

The hard part was getting the bloody pants off.   I mean after unfastening our  
belts, undoing the waist button and then lowering the fly, our arms just shot
back up and around each.  We kind of did a shimmy, shimmy shake to get the pants
to drop.  That in itself was one hell of a turn on.   Our cocks brushing and
banging against each other from inside our briefs.

But once the pants had dropped down around the ankles getting them over the
shoes became impossible.   To make matters worse the pants were now all tangled
around the damned shoes and we couldn't get them off either.

All this time our tongues continued that desperate exploration of each other's
mouth and throat opening.  Trying to suck each other inside.   The adrenaline is
flowing freely, your whole body is shaking from the sexual frenzy you find
yourself in and the fucking pants are still locked around your ankles.

Over come by desperation, Pat started to lower me to the floor.   Once we were
down, lips locked together the whole time, we freed up our hands to try and
untangle the pant mess.  

While all of the above was taking place, my dick was throbbing and leaking out
river's of precum.   Those nice underwear, the first I had worn in ages, were
sopping wet.   My cock was slipping and sliding around inside the underwear
creating even more fantastic feelings that only served to release more precum.

Finally naked, pants and shoes gone into a tangled mess somewhere around us, we
pushed our naked bodies together.   Our wet, slimy cocks meeting and rubbing
together, the feeling so fantastic I can not hold back a loud moan that causes
Pat's tongue to vibrate a bit against the throat opening, sending an odd, but
pleasing sensation to my nerve centre.

Our balls are pulsing and full of man snot, just waiting to be released.   Pat's
hands are now massaging my nuts as our bodies rub together.   I suddenly have
this deep need to have his throbbing member deep in my throat.  

A need so deep it overpowers the need to  suck tongue.   Pat must have had the
same need, because we pulled apart at the same time and shifted into the classic
sixty nine position.

Pat was on his back and I got up and moved down between his legs.   He had the
head of my hot, pulsing cock in his warm, wet mouth before I could get to his.   
Just the touch of his lips on my throbbing phallus caused me to scream out my
delight.

"Oh, gawd yes.   Oh Pat that is soooooo goooooooood."

My tongue flicked out as I approached his pulsing member.   I licked lightly
across the top of his velvety smooth cockhead, he moan pleasurably.     A large
drop of precum appeared at the slit and I greedily sucked it into my hot,
yearning mouth.   It was so sweet, just the taste sent another shot of
adrenaline through my system.

I licked his shaft, down one side, up the other, around the head, flicked
repeatedly on the underside.   He was starting to bounce and thrust forward from
my teasing.   I finally couldn't hold myself back any longer.

I opened my mouth wide and forced my head down fast.   His cock went in my hot
mouth, shot across the top of my tongue, knocked against the roof of my mouth
then entered the throat, driving down, down until my nose, lips and chin pushed
in to his hairy nest.

Pat hadn't been expecting me to do that so quickly and a large moan of pleasure
escaped from deep within.    My cock was down his throat at the time and this
sent wonderful vibrations all along the head and shaft, in turn causing me to
moan out my pleasure.

My moan of course sent vibrations circulating all around his throat buried
shaft.    We both began a rather quick face fucking, impaled on each other's
stiff pleasure rods.  

With all of this going on it really didn't take very long before we were both
ready to blow.   I felt Pat's cock stiffen on an inward thrust.   I knew he was
ready and increased my pace. That must have been all I need to start releasing
my own hot load. 

Pat's load didn't begin to release until I was on the outward stroke.   He shot
the first load into my hot mouth and it filled my oral cavity instantly.  I
didn't have time to swallow as his cock was on the inward thrust again and it
started to shoot it's second shot before it was all the way down.

Pat let go five good loads into my hungry mouth and throat.   Only a very small
amount from the first load had seeped out past my lips which tightly sealed his
cock in my mouth.

After Pat's last load shot I continued to suck, trying to get every last drop of
goodness from his still hard dick. 

Pat's dick began to soften, I grasped it with my right hand, pulled back and
began to just leisurely lick the head.   He was doing the same to me.  The need
to feel his lips on mine soon hit again.

I quickly crawled around and pressed my lips back to his hot mouth and we tasted
each others cum as we greedily sucked face for a while, locked in a tight
embrace.

We finally broke apart and got up.

"I think a nice swim would do wonders for your legs, Harold." Pat said looking
lovingly into my eyes.

"Well lets go then."  I replied.

The pool was the same one that connected to Mr. Sebastion's room.   But the area
outside Pat's room was slightly different.  He had grass, soft warm grass and it
went right to the water's edge.   Over a bit to the right was a large sandy
area.   The whole thing almost totally surround by small trees and scrub.  The
user of this suite had lots of privacy.

Pat wasn't interested in grass or sand, he headed straight for the water,
holding onto my arm.    Surprising, but even after all that walking I had done
to day, my legs still felt weak.

The swim was great and Pat was right, it did do wonders for my legs.   When we
finally climbed out about an hour later I felt confident enough to do it on my
own.

Now I have to tell you about this pool, it is really something else.    It is
more like a small lake then a pool, has little bays and inlets just like you
would find on a real lake.   Although it is all man made it looks so natural.  

The water temp is body comfortable.  We swam out a way from shore,   Pat led me
to a small alcove, it was almost completely surrounded my bushes and flowers,
except for a small opening which we swam through.

As soon as we were through, the water became shallow and my feet touched bottom.  
I stood up as did Pat, he turned to me and embraced me again, our lips met and
we began to suck face.

Pat's hand wrapped itself around my now hard cock and began a slow yank as we
kissed.    Not to be outdone, my hand was soon around his, reciprocating.

It was not the wild love making of less than an hour ago, it was a slow,
leisurely thing.    There was no hurry, no urgency,  just a time to make each
other feel good.

The warm water increased the wonderful sensations of his hand moving back and
forth gently on my hard rod.   Everything felt so good, I felt safe and warm in
his embrace, I felt loved and returned that love measure for measure.  If only
we could have stayed like that forever.

We remained in the pool for well over an hour.   My legs felt great and I was
able to get out and walk pretty much on my own.   I didn't feel any weakness at
all.

After showering, we dried each other and headed back into the suite, naked.  I
stopped dead at the living room door, Charlie was sitting in a big, leather easy
chair, watching television news.    He turned to face us as we entered.

"Ah, the love birds return to the nest." he said with a laugh, pressing the off
button on the TV remote.

"Hi Charlie." Pat said, smiling.  "You should have come out and joined us in 
the pool, the water is great."

"Hello, Sir." I said softly, I was still feeling animosity towards Charlie,
despite what he and Pat had told me.

As far as I was concerned leaving me at the mercy of Master Ed was a nasty
trick.  As nasty as those guys convincing me that I had been castrated.  Yet
those poor bastards were being sold to the Arabs and probably a life of hell,
while Charlie and Ed get to walk off scott free to fuck-up more innocent lives. 
It just didn't seem right to my small mind.  

He now wanted me to place my trust in him.   That all this shit he had been
putting me through was for a very good reason.    Quite frankly I had come to
the belief that he just likes fucking around with people's heads.   He sure was
doing a great number on mine.

"Two's company three's a crowd in those little alcoves." he winked.

"Ah, so did you have a good peek?" Pat asked with a laugh.

"Yeah, but not for long.   Not my thing to watch others, prefer to be involved."
He replied.

Pat had headed for our clothes which were still spread all over the floor.  He
picked up my shirt and tossed it to me, then the briefs and pants.   I quickly
got myself dressed, even pulling on the precum soaked briefs.   For some strange
reason I felt uncomfortable being naked in front of Charlie.

After we were both dressed we each grabbed an easy chair and sat down.

"How are you feeling, Harold?" Charlie asked with that fatherly tone that I had
grown to distrust.

"Fine, Sir.   The pool really helped." I replied cautiously, fearing he was up
to something.

"Do you think you are up to the flight back to Canada, if we left for home
tonight?" he inquired.

"Yes Sir." I answered in surprise.  "I don't see why not."

"What do you think, Pat, after all you are the doctor, is it ok for him to
travel?"

"Yes, I don't think he would experience any problems.  He will be just as
comfortable on the plane as he would be here.   Have we got a problem?

"Yes,  we have to get back right away.   I have already called the flight crew,
they are getting the plane ready now and we will be leaving in about two hours.  
The helicopter will pick us up outside to take us to the airport." Charlie
informed us.

"I guess you will be glad to see the last of this place." he said looking at me.

"Yes, Sir.   I  will be very happy to get home." I answered with a smile,
relieved that he hadn't tried one of his damned games.

"Thought you would." he smiled.

"That will give you a few days to rest and get your strength back before you go
for your visit to Master Giovanni."  he said and his eyes seemed to twinkle when
he said it.

Rotten Sonofabitch, I thought to myself.   The prick is going to make me go to
Giovanni's.   Maybe I should just tell him to get stuffed.   I don't know if I
can take much more of all this weird shit.

"You don't look too happy, Harold." he observed.

"No Sir,  I was hoping that I wouldn't have to go to visit Master Giovanni,
Sir."  I replied honestly.

"Oh, but you must, Harold.  I promised him you would visit and visit you will.  
But don't worry you will enjoy yourself.   Giovanni is into all kinds of
interesting and fun sex stuff.   Shit you will be blowing your nuts all over the
fucking place from the moment you arrive."  now he was really smiling.

"Yes, Sir."  I answered resigned to my fate, but still not enthusiastic.

I did not like that damned innocent smile he had on his face.    The Sonofabitch
was up to something, I was sure of it.

"Harold you have a couple of hours to waste before we leave.   Can you find your
way back to your ward area by yourself?" he asked.

"Yes, Sir, I have finally figured out how to find my way through that damned
maze of hallways." I replied.

"Well why don't you go back and say  goodbye to Joel and Allen and anyone else
you would like.    Then come back to this suite.   Give yourself a bit of time, 
there will be all fresh clothes here for you to change into prior to our trip." 

"Yes Sir, I would like to say goodbye, particularly to Joel and Allen, I'd also
like to see Timothy again."  I replied.

"Ok well go ahead,  I have to brief Pat on what is happening back home.   We
will meet you here just prior to heading for the helicopter." 

"Ok, Sir."  I replied, getting up.

Pat got up as well and gave me a kiss on the cheek and told me he would see me
later.

I grabbed the wheelchair and headed back to my ward.   I didn't need the
wheelchair, but I had to take it back. That swim had really done wonders for my
legs.  They felt great.

As soon as I got back I headed for the nurses  office.   Allen was sitting
behind his desk filling out the inevitable paper work.  He looked up and smiled
as I entered.

"Hi Harold, good to see you up and about."

"Hi Allen, I spent some time at physio this afternoon and just finished having a
swim with Pat.  The warm water in the pool seems to have done wonders for my
legs they feel great."  I replied.

"That's wonderful news.   I just got the word that you are leaving tonight.   I
have to be honest and say I am sorry to see you go.   I had been hoping we could
get a  couple of  more days, but that's life."  he said as he stood up and made
his way around the desk.

"There are only a couple of things that I would ever want to stay for, Allen and
you are  at the top of the list.  I only wish we had met when I first arrived." 
I replied as I opened my arms and we hugged.

"Well, please don't breath a word of this," he whispered very low in my ear.  "I
think you will be visiting here quite often in the future and we can always meet
then."

Startled, I had to pause and think for a moment.   I suspected the room was
bugged and that was why he was whispering.  So I whispered my question:

"What makes you think that?"

"Rumor has it that Master Charlie has plans for you, something really big.  
Master Ed was severely reprimanded for  what happened to you, particularly his
using the zapper on your nuts.    Word has it that he was only supposed to show
you around and convince you that this place really was a Parts Farm.   Rumors in
this place are usually pretty accurate.  The big rumor is that you are being
groomed to be a Master.  They sometimes will bring someone in and put them
through hell as a slave, then turn around an make them Master's."

I stood back quickly, he must have thought I was going to say something, there
was sudden look of great fear in his eyes  and on his face.   He pulled me close
and kissed me on the lips to prevent me from speaking out loud.

It was a damned good thing he had, because I almost blurted, "A Master!"

The idea was so alien to me that I found it almost impossible to believe.    I
could never be a Master, nor did I ever want to be a Master.

I kissed him back and got my thoughts back in order.   Then hugged him tight and
whispered:

"Well I think the rumor is wrong this time, Allen.   I would never accept being
a Master, hell I am still unable to accept being a slave."

"Ok, but keep the info at the back of your mind.   Slaves are never permitted to
get away with the things you have gotten away with since Charlie took you on.  
Any other slave would have been sold to a brothel by now, so something very
unusual is being prepared for you." he whispered even lower than before.

He pulled back, looked me in the eye and smiled.

"Now how would you like to go see Joel?"

"Yes, I would like that.  Wouldn't want to leave without saying goodbye." 

Allen led the way to Joel's room.  When we entered I had to give a little laugh.  
Joel was in the sitting position, reading a book.   There was a large tent
between his legs.  Joel looked up and went a little red in the face, well the
parts that weren't covered with bandages, I mean.

"Must be an awfully good book, are you sure you are old enough to be reading
material like that?" I teased.

"Damned right, I am." he tried to laugh back, his broken jaw made that
difficult. 

But he managed enough that I knew he was laughing.

"Came to say good bye, Joel.   Charlie is taking me back home tonight.  I
thought we might have had another day or two but something has come up and he
has to get home quickly."  I explained.

I saw a look of disappointment cross his face.   He tried his best to hide it,
but didn't succeed.

"Don't feel too bad, Joel, I may get down again or you might end up visiting us,
who knows?    But even if that doesn't happen I will always remember you and be
grateful to you."  I said.

We ended up talking quietly for quite a while, I hadn't even noticed that Allen
had left.   It was when he returned with a tray of drinks and light snacks that
I noticed he had even been gone.

After we had nibbled the snacks and drank the hot chocolate, he informed me that
I would have to start making my way back to Pat's suite.   A whole hour and a
half had gone by while Joel and I talked.   The time seemed to have just flown
by.

I said my good-byes to the both of them, giving each a big kiss.   My parting
words as I opened the door to leave were:

"Maybe you should help Joel relieve the stress in that tent." I gave them both a
big smile then left.

As Charlie had said there were fresh clothes for me on the bed in the bedroom. 
I jumped into the shower and had a quick hot shower before getting dressed.  
That precum soaked pair of briefs had started giving off quite a nice aroma.  
As well my dick and nuts were all covered in dry scale from the precum.

The clothes were nice, a pair of gray slacks, a white sports shirt, white briefs 
and white socks.    A pair of black loafers  and a black leather jacket
completed the ensemble.   I was really feeling human now.

I went to the living room, found the remote for the TV and sat in an easy chair
and watched something, don't remember what it was, while I waited.

The wait wasn't long.  Pat arrived about ten or fifteen minutes after I had sat
down.   He too  was dressed in all fresh clothes and my heart skipped a beat
because they were identical to mine.

"Are you all set, Harold?"  he asked smiling broadly.

"Oh, I have never been more ready.   Let's blow this joint." I replied eagerly.

"Right, let's go, the helicopter is outside waiting." he said, heading for the
door.

The helicopter was waiting, it's big rotor making a deafening racket and blowing
dust and dirt all over the place.   We ducked down and made our way quickly to
the body of the machine.  

As I was bent over following behind Pat, I wondered why in hell we were bent
over.   The rotor blades were a good 15 feet above our heads,  hell we could
jump up and down under those blades and they would never come anywhere near our
heads.

I guess it was human nature or perhaps even conditioning.   Whenever we see
someone making their way to a helicopter that has it's rotor turning, they are
bent over.    My gawd we are such sheep.

The 'copter was quite spacious and very comfortable.   Once inside and the door
closed we could barely hear the rotor.  Charlie was already here, reading some
papers.  He looked up for a moment, smiled, then went back to reading.

Pat indicated a seat for me, I sat and fastened the shoulder/waist seat belt. 
As soon as we were seated the machine lifted gently into the air and we were on
our way.   I looked out the window hoping to get a glimpse of the hospital from
the outside, but it was just too dark.   All I could see were hundreds of little
yellow lights which obviously were the hospitals windows.

It only took about fifteen minutes to get to the airport, quite a difference
from what seemed like a two hour trip in the back of that truck when I had
arrived.

The plane I saw right away was a 747, carrying the logo of one of the largest
air carriers in the world.   I was surprised, because I was under the impression
that Charlie owned his own airline and we would travel in one of his planes.

I thought, shit, it probably is costing a fortune to charter this thing for just
three people, someone sure had money to burn.   But imagine my shock when I
found out the truth about this airplane.

The inside of the plane was awesome.  It was actually a flying motel, well that
is what it looked like to me.   It had ten bedrooms, a lounge, a private office,
a galley and a small dining room and that was just the parts I saw.    Pat
opened a door and ushered me into a small bedroom and said it would be mine for
the flight home.

It was only big enough of a single bed, but it was a hell of a lot bigger than
the crate that I had arrived in.   He suggested that I should go to bed and get
some sleep as soon as we were in the air.

"Man this is some airplane." I said softly,  "It must be costing Charlie a
fortune to charter."

"Oh this isn't a charter aircraft, Harold.   This is Charlie's personal
aircraft, he owns the company, lock stock and barrel." he informed me.

"He owns it?" I replied in awe.

Now I truly was flabbergasted. 

Before I could ask any more questions, Pat left the room and I followed.  We
made our way down the isle to the lounge.   It was located directly behind the
rooms, at approximately the mid section of the aircraft.   There were a number
of lounge chairs and we each plopped our bottoms into one and fastened the seat
belts.    There was no sign of Charlie.

A steward came in and welcomed us,  reciting the usual preflight instructions.  
It seems even VIP's are not immune to all that mumbo jumbo they spill out faster
than an auctioneer can sell you something you don't need, at a price well above
what you intended on paying.

While he went on and on with his spiel, I could hear the engines starting.  It
wasn't long after that, that the big plane lifted off the ground on the start of
the journey  to take me back home. 

Wow, I had survived the Parts Farm, still had all my fingers and toes, but most
importantly, I still had my nuts.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for. 

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 32

Down-under.

The enormous power of the four Pratt & Whitney JT9D engines exerted their 56,000
lbs of thrust against the big bird and lifted her effortlessly into the night
sky.  That same thrust pushed me back into the soft, padded chair as my body
lagged behind the forward momentum of the aircraft.

In less than 20 minutes we were at cruising altitude and the plane leveled off,
the roar of the engines diminishing to a barely noticeable vibration.   Pat
unfastened his seat belt and I followed suit.  Less than a heart beat later the
steward was back, but he was stark naked.   He came up to us, got down on his
knees and asked:

"Would Sir's, like a drink or other refreshment.   I can also look after your
cock if you would like your balls emptied, Sir's." 

I was taken aback, this was so completely unexpected.   When I finally regained
my senses Pat was talking to him and I only caught the tail end of the
conversation.

".........in room six, Steven."

"Yes, Sir.  Right away, Sir."  he said still looking at the floor.

He got to his feet and headed towards the rear of the plane.  Pat turned towards
me to say something but stopped when he saw the look on my face.

"Is something wrong, Harold?   You have an odd look on your face."

"Ah, no.   I'm ok, I just wasn't expecting the steward to be naked and then
offer to suck my cock.   He also went down on his knees before addressing us.  I
have never seen that done before."  I replied, still a little unnerved.

"All of the crews that serve on the private company planes are either Master's
or slaves, Harold.   The slave's are hand picked from among the very best
servants.   They are then given special training.  On the ground they act and
behave like any other company Steward, but once in the air they become complete
and total slaves."

"Amazing!" I exclaimed.

"Steward slaves are trained always to be totally subservient once in the air.  
They always go down on their knees prior to addressing a superior.  They are not
permitted to ever look a superior in the eye, nor are they even permitted to
look at a superior's face.    The penalties for failure to follow this rule are
severe."  

"Anyone on the plane, including other slaves, such as yourself, but excluding
other on duty company Stewards,  are superior and must be treated with respect. 
Again the penalties for failure to comply are severe and include losing the
position."

"It is a very important that our slave Stewards go out of their way to ensure
passenger comfort.   To ensure that happens, they receive excellent benefits for
good performance, but by the same token, punishment for failure is severe."

I just listened in total silence, amazed by what he was saying.

"Well enough of that let's get to the room before Steven returns with our little
good night snack." he said heading back towards the rooms.

I followed close behind.   He opened the door to my room and we both entered. 
The room, as I mentioned earlier was not very big, but it had a nice soft bed,
big enough for two.

There were two chairs against one wall, Pat went over to the wall a pushed a
button and a small table folded out and down.   We each grabbed a chair and sat
down.   The moment we sat there was a knock at the door.

"Open." Pat commanded, and the door opened.

"Permission to enter, Sir." Steven asked.   He was on his knees a large tray
resting on his naked shoulders.

"Permission granted, enter." Pat commanded again.

Steven stood up but again kept his head down and eyes averted from ours.   He
expertly balanced the large tray with one hand and with the other started
placing cups and bowls and utensils onto the table.

"Would you prefer me to serve Sir's or do it yourself?" he asked, respectfully.

"We will serve ourselves, thank you Steven.   We do not wish to be disturbed
accept for emergencies."  Pat said, dismissing the lad. 

He backed away from the table, turned and quietly left the room.   He certainly
was well trained.

After munching on some sweet buns, slurping hot chocolate and having a quiet
conversation Pat asked:

"Would you like me to spend the night or would you rather be alone, Harold?"

"Oh please stay Pat, I have really missed you." I quickly replied.

"But no messing around, it is straight to sleep for you," Pat stated flatly,
"you need the rest.   There will be plenty of time to play after we wake up.  We
will be in the air for about 12 hours."

"But it didn't take that long for the plane that brought me here." I stated in
surprise.

"Another change of plans, we have to make a stop over in Australia.   We will be
there by noon tomorrow.    Charlie and I will attend a meeting at three.  The
problem at home is directly related to a problem down-under,  this meeting
should solve the problem."

"Australia, just like that, wow.   Never thought I would ever go to Australia. 
Don't suppose there will be anytime for sight seeing?" I asked hopefully but
figuring that was out of the question.

"Well now as a matter of fact you will get to do a bit.   There will be a formal
dinner in the evening and we have to get you some formal attire.   We don't have
anything that will fit you on the plane.  Steven will take you into the city to
get the outfit.  You should then have some time and Steven will show you around
a bit."

"I know this may sound like a dumb question, Pat, but what city are you talking
about?"  I asked with a smile.

"Oh, how stupid of me, we will be in Sidney.  The Master's Congress of Australia
have there headquarters there." He replied.

"Charlie and I will be meeting with the Senior Magistrate of the Australian
congress before the meeting begins.  That meeting will hopefully iron out the
problem and the meeting would then  become mainly a formality."

"Ok, but I sure wish it was you that  would be taking me.   I always seem to run
into problems when you are not around." I said honestly.

"Well I don't see what problems you could have.   Steven knows the city well and
he has been given his instructions.   So just go into the city and enjoy
yourself for a change" he said as he wrapped his arms around my shoulders and
our lips met.

The kiss was long and deep.   I felt a stirring between my legs.   Pat must have
felt it too because he pulled away.

"Oh no you don't Harold, we sleep now, play in the morning."  he reprimanded me
with a smile.

"Gosh yer mean." I laughed as I started to strip.

I was asleep within ten seconds of my head hitting the pillow.   I awoke to a
sudden flash of sunlight directly on my face and in my eyes.  It was so sudden
and so bright I sat bolt upright.  

The plane had banked a bit and the direct rays of the sun had entered a portal
window.    Pat was still sound asleep beside me.  I looked down at this man that
had become so important in my life.   A man that I would gladly give my life
for.   

His breathing was soft and shallow.  I watched his chest rise and fall
rhythmically.    Oh Pat, I thought, how wonderful it would be if we could just
set up house and live a normal life.   Free from this Master/slave shit, free
from Charlie and all his ilk,   oh what I wouldn't give if only that could be.

eeee....eeee....eeee....eeee....eeee....eeee

A sudden beeping filled the cabin.   Pat opened his eyes, saw me looking down at
him and smiled.

"Good morning sunshine." he said.

"Good morning you big beautiful hunk you." I replied as I bent over to give him
a good morning kiss and also to finish what he started last night.

We kissed for a long time and ended up in a classic sixty-nine.   It was then
down to the shower room, we never even bothered getting dressed.   I had never
thought it would be necessary to have a shower on a plane, but I suppose for
VIP's it would actually be a necessity.   The shower room had four shower heads.

We went back to the room after showering and got dressed.   It was then off to
the dining room for a fantastic breakfast, the first really full meal I had had
in five or six days, hell I couldn't even remember how long it had been.

The plane had caught some high jet streams and was making better then expected
progress.   We were almost an hour ahead of schedule.    But still had over
three hours before we would land.

We ate slowly and talked, it was a wonderful breakfast and an even more
memorable time.   Nothing existed except the two of us, just sitting, talking
and enjoying each others company.  We managed to use up an hour or so of the
time in this relaxed state.

"Would you like to go see Charlie's suite, Harold?" Pat asked suddenly.

"His suite?" I asked.

"Yes, the entire upper deck is Charlie's suite, it is bigger than a five bedroom
house.  And a whole lot more luxurious." he laughed.

"Yes, this I really have to see." I answered eagerly.

We headed for the stairs to the upper deck, they were just back of where we were
sitting.  At the top of the stairs we entered a huge living room, at least is
was appointed as a living room.   Big easy chairs and sofas were arranged in
different groupings all around the massive room.   It looked like a hundred
people could easily fit in this room and all still have space to move around
comfortably.

At the back end of the room were two doors.   The one on the right led to a
small office.  There was a naked man, sitting at a desk typing.

"Good morning Arnold." Pat said as we entered.

"This is Harold."

Arnold got up from his desk and walked around to us, he got down on his knees
and said:

"Good morning Master Pat, Sir.   It is nice to meet you Master Harold, Sir." he
said holding out his hand, but continuing to look at the floor.

I shook his hand and told him I was happy to meet him as well.

"Is Master Charlie in the office or still in his private quarters, Arnold?" Pat
questioned.

"He is still in his quarters, Sir.   He and Master Sebastion are having
breakfast, Sir."

"Thank you Arnold, continue with your work." Pat said heading for a door behind
Arnold's desk.

I followed along.   The office was large and very well appointed for an office
on an airplane.  Four easy chairs and two sofas formed a small circle  just
inside the door.   I supposed this was for informal conferences.

Back of that was a large mahogany desk.  The surface was perfectly clear except
for a large green blotter thing, a white telephone, and a thing for holding
pens.   A large bookshelf, filled with books, decorated the wall behind the
desk.

On the left was another door,  Pat headed towards it.   He opened the door and
entered the room beyond, I followed along close on his heels.

It was Charlie's bedroom.   It took up the same amount of space as the two
offices we had just left.   A large bed was centered against the back wall and
some easy chairs and a coffee table were closer to the front end.

Charlie and Sebastion were seated in easy chairs drinking coffee.   A tray with
the leftovers from a continental breakfast sat on the coffee table in front of
them.

"Good Morning Charlie, Sebastion." Pat said as we entered.

"Morning Pat." they both replied at almost the same time.

"Good morning, Sir." I said looking at Charlie.

"Good morning Mr. Sebastion." I said turning to him.

Charlie returned my greeting and so did Sebastion.   Pat indicated I should sit
in one of the easy chairs which I did.  He took the other.

For the next hour I hardly said a word, just listened as they discussed Congress
business.   I was amazed by all the things the Congress was into and had control
over.  It included entire governments in some instances, and pretty hefty weight
in a whole lot more including the US and Canada.

A question started to run through my mind.    Why was I privy to all of this
obviously secret Congress info?  Could it be that Allen was right?   Where they
going to make me a Master?   I began to pray right there and then that that
wasn't to be the case.   I did not want to be a slave, but I did not want to be
a Master even more.

After almost an hour of these discussions Charlie suddenly turned his attention
to me.   It was so sudden and unexpected that I practically jumped out of the
chair when he said my name.

"Harold, Steven is going to take you into downtown Sidney.    There is a shop
there that will outfit you with everything you will need to attend this dinner
tonight." he said.

"Yes Sir, Pat told me I would be attending the dinner." I replied.

"This dinner is very, very important.  As well as the full Australian Congress,
there will be twenty five Senior Magistrates attending." he informed me in a
serious tone, which made me pay very close attention.

"You must be on your very best behavior at all times, Harold.  Do not do
anything that will make the me and the North American Congress look wishy-washy,
do you understand?"  he asked.

"Yes, Sir, I  understand and will be on my best behavior at all times." I swore.

"I know you will Harold, you have been well trained and you have excellent self
discipline.   You still may not believe it Harold, but I am very proud of you. 
You are one of the best slaves I have had in a very long time.    In fact the
only slave that I have ever had the I am more proud of is, Pat."

"I will do my very best not to let you down, Sir." I swore again, suddenly very
happy inside.

"Good, so go into town with Steven. You will get your outfit and then he has
been instructed to take you to a place where you will have the time of your
life.  A little gift to let you know that I truly am sorry for the fiasco back
at the hospital." he smiled.

"Thank you, Sir."  I replied, but at the back of my mind I was still leery.  

He had screwed me around to many times for me to just accept anything he said
blindly.   I would have to be on my guard all afternoon now,  something would
not be kosher in the city of Sidney, I was sure of it.

The big bird touched down an hour ahead of schedule, just as expected.  I was
surprised when it completely bypassed the taxi way for the main terminal.   I
was up in the dome standing by the huge front window that gave me as good, if
not better view then the pilot himself would get of the field.

Instead the big plane headed for a set of huge hangers set aside by themselves
almost half a mile from any other buildings.    I could see all kinds of ground
crew just waiting for us.

The signal man was near the hanger lifting his arms up and down, from waist to
shoulder, the signal for the pilot to home in on him.  I watched as the big bird
crept closer and closer to the signalman, dwarfing the man completely with it's
six story height.    He finally raised his arms above his head an crossed them.  
The Pilot applied the breaks and brought the big bird to a stop.

Welcome to Australia, Harold, I said to myself.

"Let's go down below, Harold." Pat said.

Steven met us at the bottom of the stairs.   He was dressed in civilian clothes
and greeted me warmly.

"Are you ready to go to town, Harold." he asked with excitement.

"Yeah, just gotta grab my jacket from the room." I replied.

"Oh, you won't need your jacket, it is 75 f out there.   You would roast in your
jacket." he laughed.

I couldn't get over the transformation in the man.  It was as though we had been
friends for life.   He looked me in the eye, he joked with me, he even gave me a
few instructions.   It was hard to believe this was the same subservient slave
that had been serving us in the air.

A large, black limo was waiting for us.  The driver opened the door and saluted
as I climbed in.   My gawd it was awesome, I was being treated like a member of
royalty.

While the drive closed the door for me, Steven ran around to the other side of
the car and climbed in.   He opened and closed the door himself.

On the way into town he pointed out different sites, but said we just would not
have time to visit any of them.

Just as with any new City, particularly if you are sitting in the back seats of
the car, you have no idea where the hell you are.   Of course it really didn't
matter as long as the driver did.

The car pulled up in front of a store that had a large, ornate sign out front
that stated:

"Welsh & Walsh
Fine Leather Goods since 1899"

There were signs along the curb that said, Reserved parking.

The driver stopped the car, between those reserved signs,  got out heading
around to my side.  I don't like being waited on so went to open the door
myself.   Steven quickly stopped me.

"Oh, don't do that Harold.   You must let the man do his job.   He would be
greatly insulted if you opened the door yourself."

"Oh, ok, but I sure hate being waited on like this." I replied.

"Harold it is no different then being waited on in a restaurant.   You wouldn't
go to the kitchen and place your own order or pick up your own food, would You?"
he asked.

"No, I guess not."

"Well this is no different."

The door opened before I could reply.  I climbed out and the driver saluted me
again.

"Thank you very much, I enjoyed the driver here." I said to him.

He smiled, saluted and replied:

"My pleasure, Sir.   Thank you, Sir."

I really was pleased, I felt great.   I had never been treated like royalty
before and this was going to take some getting used to.    My pleasure was about
to be dashed, little did I know what Charlie meant by formal dress.

As we approached the door to the shop it was opened by an elderly man all
dressed in black leather.   He wore a long morning coat with tails.  Leather
trousers and a leather top hat.   It was actually  a very funny scene and it was
all I could do to keep a straight face.

"Good day, Sir." he said very respectfully.

"Welcome to Welsh and Walsh." 

I entered the shop and another gentleman greeted me.   At least this one wasn't
decked out in leather.   He was wearing a normal suit and tie.

"Good day, Mr. Harold," the man said,

"Roland Lambert at your service, Sir." he then gave a little bow.

"Good Day Roland, may I call you Roland?" I asked.

"Oh, please do, Sir." he said effusively.

"Roland, please do me a favor and kill the Sir stuff, just call me Harold, ok."

"If that is what you wish Harold I will be happy to oblige." and he smiled
gratefully.

I got the impression he hated the snob shit as much as I did.

I soon found out I was not there to pick out an out fit, that had already been
done, by......you guessed it, Charlie.   I was only here to be fitted.

Rolly, as I soon discovered was the name he went by with his regular customers,
took me to a back room.   Everything that Charlie wanted me to wear was
assembled, all I had to do was try everything on.

The entire wardrobe, from socks to underwear was made of leather.   The first
thing I put on was a  white, kid leather thong.   It was so soft, it felt like
velvet against my jewels.    I loved the feel, I could very easily get used to
something like this.

Next I had to pull on a pair of skin tight, black leather trousers.   Getting
them on was a bit of pull and stretch but finally managed.   I didn't do them up
right away,  they just hung open at my waist.

Rolly then handed me a white, kid leather shirt.   It was easily the most
wonderful shirt I have ever worn.   Softer than the softest silk it just hugged
my chest and back.    It felt so good I had a bit of a stirring between my legs.

Rolly noticed and told me not to worry that usually happened with all customers
when they slipped into one of these shirts.  While I was doing it up I noticed
that it had the most wonderfully intricate designs sewn into it.   They were not
noticeable unless you really looked at the material.

Some very artistic person had spent hours sewing this, I was positive.

"Rolly, just between you and me and the lamppost, how much would a shirt like
this cost, in US dollars?"  I asked, almost in a whisper.

"Hold on to something, Harold, this could knock you over.   Master Charlie will
pay us three thousand US dollars for it.   He is getting it at a discount, the
regular in store price is almost five thousand."

I went white, three thousand dollars for a shirt!  Was Charlie out of his mind?  
I had never worn a shirt that cost more than five bucks before.

"I don't think I want to know the price of anything else, Rolly.   It is just
too obscene for me."   then I broke out into a laugh and he joined me.

Once the shirt was all buttoned up, the waist of the pants was pulled in an
buttoned.   The zipper was pulled up.    The crotch area was pretty tight and
didn't give my nuts much room, well actually they didn't give them any room at
all and they pushed against the leather making a little bulge.

Rolly then had me sit down and put on my socks, they too were white kid leather.  
Imagine that, socks made of leather, I had no idea that there was such a thing. 
They too felt wonderful on my feet.   But I was now starting to notice a side
affect of leather.   It was warm.   It was very, very warm.

After the socks, Rolly pulled a pair of extra high sided Wellington's onto my
leather encased feet.   They were a perfect fit.  He had me stand up and walk
around a bit, to make sure of the fit.   I was amazed at how well he had chosen
everything.   It all fit so well, except the tight crotch on the pants.

He then placed a leather bow tie around my neck, folded down the shirt collar
and did up the button.   My slave collar was now completely covered by the shirt
and yet I was still comfortable.

He then did up the bow tie.   He obviously was an expert at this, it only took
him a few moments.

Next he wrapped a read leather cummerbund around my middle and fastened it at
the back.

The jacket was next.   It was a normal tuxedo type jacket, except is was made of
leather.   It fit me perfectly as had everything else.

To top off the outfit he placed a leather top hat on my head.    He then had me
follow him back out into the store, indicating a large floor to ceiling mirror
against one wall.

I walked over and had a look.   The thing was spectacular.    It was almost
impossible to believe that it was me behind this well made outfit.  I loved the
cut, the feel and the smell.  I closed my eyes and my imagination started to run
wild.  The next thing I knew I was sporting a hard on.

When I realized what was happening I opened my eyes.   My rod was pressing
against the tight leather and was fully outlined.  I of course immediately
turned red.  Rolly, Steven and the old guy in the leather outfit were all
staring with stupid smirks on their faces.

"This outfit  is really very warm Steven, I am not supposed to wear it back am
I?" I asked trying to draw attention away from the traitor between my legs.

"How does it all feel, Harold?" Rolly asked.

"Is the fit ok all round?"

"It is a bit tight in the crotch, it is causing a bit of discomfort to the
family jewels, but other than the fit is good." I informed him.

"Ok, we will fix the crotch and have the outfit delivered.    It won't take more
than an hour to make the necessary change." he said.

"Come on into the back and I will help you out of it.   I will be at your room
later to help you get back into this before you leave for the dinner." he said.

"Oh that will be great Rolly, I was wondering how in hell I was going to get
that bow tie tied.   I sure as hell don't know how to do it."  I laughed.

He had me stripped down in no time at all.   Every thing was placed back on
hangers to prevent wrinkling.   The only piece I really hated to give up was the
thong, it felt so good against the jewels.

After getting dressed in my own clothes we headed back out into the store again.  
I thanked Rolly for all his help and we headed towards the door.    The old guy
in the crazy leather suit opened the door and said:

"Good day, Sir.   Thank you for your patronage at Welsh & Walsh.  Do come
again."

I thanked him, trying my damnedest to hold back a laugh.   The driver opened the
car door as soon as he saw us exiting the store.   I climbed in and again,
Steven ran around to the other side and jumped in.

As soon as he was in, Steven began stripping off his clothes.   What the hell, I
wondered.

"Start stripping, Harold we have to change into these." he said handing me a
black leather thong.

"Why?" I asked as I took the thong from him.

"Charlie wants you visit, The Thong, it is a private club.   You can only get in
if you are wearing a thong.  They have a change room right at the entrance, but
changing now will save a lot of time." he answered.

"Ah, shit.  Your not taking me in there to humiliate me are you?" I asked
removing my shirt.

"No, this is a real fun, Gay bar.   Charlie wants you to relax and enjoy
yourself.  My orders are to make sure you get whatever you want.  Everyone is
dressed the same so there really is no reason for anyone to be humiliated." he
replied.

"Ok." I said doubtfully.

I knew Charlie was up to something, that is why I wanted Pat along.   Damn it,
what was this Thong place?   Something I wasn't going to like was going to
happen, I could feel it deep in my bones.

I had just finished fastening the thong and had sat back in the seat when the
car came to a stop.   It looked like we were on a narrow residential street.  
There was nothing to indicate that there might be a bar or anything like that
close by.

Now my warning lights were really flashing.   I was actually scared and began to
tremble a bit.  The driver got out, came around and opened the door.  I got out
and stood on the sidewalk waiting for Steven.

I felt a bit awkward being dressed like this on a street, in a strange city.   I
looked around but the street was empty except for us.  Steven went straight to
the door we were parked in front of.   It had a big brass knocker, he lifted it
and let it drop twice.

The door opened and we entered in to a dark hall way.    It took sometime for my
eyes to adjust to the change in light.

"Afternoon, mate." the door man, a huge man with muscles on his muscles,
greeted.

"Good to see you again."

"Thanks Dirk," Steven replied,  "meet Harold.  Harold, this is Dirk, the
biggest, strongest, meanest Sonofabitch of a bouncer in all of Sidney.   He is
also sweet and tender when he has his big cock rammed up your butt hole."

Dirk held out a huge hand and took my hand in a firm, but surprisingly gentle
grip for such a big man.

"Hi Harold glad to me you." he said with a big smile.

Then turned to Steven and replied:

"Ya got that right Steven, me boy and I suppose you will be wanting me to fill
you this afternoon."

"Of course, Dirk.   You are all I could think of since I found out last night we
were heading here."  Steven laughed.

"Ah, it is so nice to feel wanted, mate.  Be happy to fulfill your fantasy.  But
let's get Harold into wonderland first." he answered with a deep throated laugh.

"Wonderland!"  I exclaimed.

"Oh, yea Harold.   Wonderland.   You can live your wildest fantasies here.  
Just about anything goes as long as you and your partner or partner's agree. 
Wait till you see."  Steven answered.

Dirk started down the dimly lighted hallway, Steven and I following behind.   My
apprehension had been steadily climbing since Steven had first started to get
undressed out in the car.   I was really worried and very scared as I followed
along.    I had been the pawn in  too many of Charlie's little games not to be
worried.

There were a number of doors leading off on either side of the hallway, but Dirk
kept going.   Like Charlie's place back home this place was very deceptive from
the outside.   I couldn't believe how long this hallway was.

Dirk finally stopped in front of a door and put his hand on the knob to open it.

"Wonderland, Harold." he said as he pushed the door open.

Bright, flashing, coloured lights and noise hit me like a ton of bricks.  The
place was a zoo of male bodies.   Some were dancing to the mind numbing music
that bounced off the walls, some were locked in a deep embrace, others were in
various positions screwing their brains out.  

The room smelled of sex, sex and more sex, mixed with the odour of male sweat. 
The flashing lights only added to the atmosphere causing my fucking cock to
stand right up and push against the thong.

I hadn't taken two steps into the room before a young hunk had me locked in an
embrace and his tongue half way down my throat.  A strong right hand started to
rub up and down my back.   The whole thing was so damned erotic I couldn't do
anything else but return the kiss.

That right hand moved down and was now massaging my hard, bubble butt and it
felt so good I began to moan.   That only built the guys passion even more.  
Hell I thought I was going to choke on his tongue he had it so far down my
throat.

Suddenly Steven was standing behind the guy, looking me in the eye, he had a big
smile on his face.    He held a bottle up to my nose and yelled:

"Inhale deeply, Harold.   This will take you to the moon."

I didn't know what it was and I am not a drug user so really didn't want
anything to do with it.   But the guy that was doing me shoved a finger up my
ass.   This caused me to gasp, taking in a big load of air through my nose and
along with it the fumes from whatever was in that bottle.

Whatever the shit was, it took effect almost immediately, any inhibitions I
might have had melted straight away, I started to feel really great.   Steven
continued to hold the bottle by my nose, urging me to inhale.   Well, if you
can't beat them...... I took a couple of deep breaths and was soon in heaven.

The guy still had me pulled up tight to his chest, our cocks rubbing against
each other through the leather of the thongs.   His tongue was still half way
down my  throat doing the Tarantella, I was sure.  His finger was rapidly finger
fucking my ass hole.

I began rasping for air through my nose and I got more and more turned on.  I
felt that bottle back at my nose and now because I was rasping for air had no
control on breathing the stuff in.   I just kept getting higher and higher.  

My cock felt like it was a mile long and was being massaged by a million little
fingers.   The finger fucking was just driving me wild.    I could feel his cock
as it rubbed against mine and suddenly I wanted to feel it in my pussy.

He must have sensed that I wanted and needed that cock inside me because he
started to lay me down towards the floor, which was padded.   His lips never
left mine the whole time.  As soon as I was down I felt strong hands grasp my
ankles, lift and pull my legs apart.

My lover shimmied up and I felt his cock head press against my love hole.   What
happened to his thong I wondered, but not for long.  His huge cock head was
pushing into my pussy, that made me forget everything but the feelings.  His
cock had to be massive, that head felt so big.  Then Steven was pushing the
bottle back under my nose.

A few whiffs and my need to have that cock inside increased ten fold.   I
started pushing my hips up trying to force it in.  The noise and the flashing
lights all around just made my need for that cock to fill my bowels  all that
much greater.

With a sudden push he lunged forward and his huge dick, which I now estimated to
be about ten inches long and at least two in diameter, filled me.   It felt so
good I let out a long, wild moan around the guys tongue which was still trying
to get deeper into my throat.   As it was it felt like he was licking my
tonsils.  I had never had such a long tongue in my mouth before.

I had expected he would start a slow but steady fuck, instead he went wild.   He
was humping me like his life depended on it.   Each in and out thrust rubbed
against my prostate, I was on fire with desire and lust.   My hips were
thrusting up and down trying to keep time to his wild thrusting.   Then that
bottle was back at my nose.

My own cock was still trapped inside that damned thong, I tried to get my hands
down there to take it out and wank.   However, the two guys holding my feet were
very close to my body on either side and I couldn't get my arms passed them.    

Suddenly he pulled his tongue back into his own mouth and broke off the kiss.  
He got up on his knees and thrust even harder, more wildly than before.   Then a
yell broke through his lips, a yell of pure, wild,  animal pleasure, a yell so
loud I could hear it above the background noise.

I felt his hot juices start to shoot deep within my bowels.   The hot cum
sloshed back and forth by his constant hard banging of my innards.   Shot after
shot he let go up my now hot slimy hole.  But as with all fucks this one came to
an end.  He stopped his wild humping and just rested there on his knees, his
hard cock still jammed all the way up my love canal.

He was breathing hard and sweat poured from his brows and all over his body. A
beautiful body it was too.   It was the first time I had, had a chance to
actually see the guy.

He was, too put it mildly, a blond Adonis.    His face was beautiful, soft and
smooth looking, set off by the most gorgeous set of blue eyes I had ever seen.    
He was muscular and strong but not in an obscene or over muscled sort of way, if
you know what I mean.   He simply was a perfect example of the male animal.

As his breathing returned to normal, he looked down at me, said something I
couldn't hear, smiled broadly and then pulled his slowly shrinking cock from my
love hole.  He got up and just disappeared into the crowd.   The two guys
holding my legs let go and I brought them back down to the floor.

I sat up and Steven was standing just a short distance away, rubbing Dirk's
crotch through the thong.  Dirk had his hand on Steven's ass.   I stood up and
moved over too them.

Steven leaned over and yelled in my ear:

"Have fun Harold,  we have a couple of hours, get off as often as you like."  

He then went back to paying attention to Dirk, I was completely forgotten.

Now what, I thought to myself, I sure as hell ain't going to come on to anyone. 
I began to feel a bit uneasy again.  But that only lasted for a moment.  Someone
came up behind me rested his chin on my shoulder, his left arm went around my
chest and started to play with my right nipple.

His other arm went down and rubbed my still throbbing cock through the thong. 
He turned his head and began to flick his tongue teasingly against my right ear
lobe.    This sent all kinds of thrills through me.

I didn't feel it happen, but one moment the thong was confining my dick, the
next it wasn't.   He had his right hand wrapped around my throbbing phallus and
was giving me a slow wank.  It was great until I noticed a couple of guy sitting
on the floor directly in front of me.    They were watching intently, and
playing with each other.

I know I went red and my cock gave a lurch.   For the first time I realized that
this was happening in a room full of other men.  That only made my cock throb
all the more.

That flicking tongue had progressed to a pair of teeth softly nibbling the lobe.  
While the left hand continued to play with my nipples.    I was feeling great,
even if I did feel a little embarrassment.

The guy suddenly pulled away, turned  me around and went down on his knees in
front of me.   He opened his mouth and took my cock all the way down his hot
throat in one quick maneuver.  It felt so good I could not hold back a yell of
pure pleasure.   But no one heard it, noise from the music drowned out
everything else.

My nuts were full from the ass fuck I had received only moments before, so it
didn't take long before I started shooting my load into that warm mouth fucking
itself on my shaft.

The first shot was almost unexpected, it came so quickly.   I just could not
help screaming out in ecstasy.

"Oh fuuuuuuuuuuccccccckkkkkkk.   Oh gawd that is good.  Ahhhhhhiiiiieeeee.  Eat
my snot, of fuck yeah, eat my fucking snot."

The next two hours were more of the same.   When one guy was finished another
took his place. I emptied my nuts at least four times during that two hours.   I
was worn out and tired when Steven finally caught up with me.   There was a guy
up my ass shooting his load deep into my bowls and another shooting his load
down my throat.   A third was taking my load down his throat.

When the scene was finished they all moved away and Steven squat down beside me.

"Ready to go?" he yelled, a big smile on his face.

"Yes." I yelled back happily.

I got up and began to follow him.   I expected to be grabbed at any moment.  I
had not been permitted to be free for more than a minute up till now.   But
strangely no one touched me this time.  Just as we got to the door I remembered
that I didn't have my thong.

I looked back but where the hell could it be in this mess of humanity.

"I don't have my thong, Steven." I yelled close to his hear.

"It's ok, we can get dressed in the dressing room before we go out to the car.  
The driver will have brought our stuff in." he yelled back.

Naked, I followed Steven out into the hallway and back towards the entrance.  
Just before the front door he stopped and opened a door on the left.  We went
in.   It was a very clean and well appointed men's dressing room, showers and
toilet.

We both climbed under a hot shower to clean off all visages of the hot sex we
had just been through.   I can not remember feeling so good in a long, long
time.   For once I had totally miss judged Charlie's intentions.    This really
had been a gift and what a wonderful gift it had been.

All washed and dressed we headed back to the car.   We drove out of town, but
not to the airport.   We ended up at a large building that looked like a fancy
hotel.   It was, but only for Master's and slaves.  The general public never got
to stay here.

Steven took me straight to the elevators, not stopping to check at the desk.   
We went up to the twenty-fifth floor, which I learned later was the penthouse
suite.   Charlie and Pat were waiting for me in a large living type room.  
Steven said good bye and was gone.

"Well Harold, did you have a good time?" Charlie asked.

"Oh yes Sir, thank you very much, it was awesome."  I replied.

"Good." he smiled and his eyes twinkled.

"Bet you thought I was sending you to hell when you first walked in that place
though." he added mischievously.

"Uhhh.... well...ah....yes Sir, I was very apprehensive.   So many things have
happened that I really didn't know what to expect."  I replied

He laughed uproariously.

"Oh I am a bad bastard, Harold.   I like to keep people on their toes.  Never
knowing what to expect from me, it is what makes me the Master and you the
slave.   You will never be able to truly read me Harold, so don't even try."

"Yes, Sir." was all I could think of.

"Now Pat will show you your room, I would suggest you take a bit of a rest.  The
evening could end up being quiet long and I want you wide awake at all times
tonight."

"Yes, Sir." I replied again.

Pat got up and led me to a beautiful room.   It was large, had a big double bed
against one wall, a couple of easy chairs, a sofa, a large TV, and sliding doors
that led out onto a balcony.

"Wow, this really is something, Pat." I said in awe.

"First class all the way, when you travel with Charlie, Harold." he grinned.

"Did you enjoy, The Thong?" he asked.

"Yeah, I really did, a most unbelievable place."

"I thought you would, that is why I suggested it to Charlie.   You really
deserved to have a good time for a change.  Now hit the sack and try and get a
couple of  hours rest.  I'll wake you when Rolly arrives." he said giving me a
kiss.

"Thank you, Pat, I am kind'a wiped out."

I was asleep a few moments after my head hit the pillow.   It seemed like only a
few moments later Pat was shaking me awake.

"Wakey, wakey, Harold.  Rolly is here to get you dressed for dinner." he said as
he shook me gently.

I opened my eyes and sat up.

"Man the time went fast, how long did I sleep, Pat?" I said yawning.

"Almost exactly 2 hours.   You were snoring something awful there for a while,
we could here you out in the living room." he laughed.

I laughed at that as well and swung my legs over the edge of the bed.

"Do I have time for a quick shower?" I asked.

"Sure, just don't linger too long.   I am heading down to my room to get myself
dressed.   I'll meet you out in the living room when you are ready." Pat
replied.

It didn't take more than half an hour for me to shower and Rolly to dress me. 
Rolly had been true to his word, although still tight there was much more room
in the crotch now.   My jewels would be able to breath a little bit.

There was a full length mirror in the bathroom and I couldn't resist going in
for a quick look once Rolly had me dressed.  It really was some fantastic outfit
and I looked great in it.   But not only did it look great it smelt even better.   
There is something about the smell of leather that I just love.

After preening in front of the mirror for a bit, I made my way to the living
room.  Charlie, Mr. Sebastion, Pat and Rolly were all talking together when I
walked in the room.   They stopped and turned towards me.

I stopped too.  

Dead in my damned tracks.

I thought we would all be wearing basically the same thing.   What a fucking
dork I am.    They were all wearing normal tuxedo's, it seems I was to be on
fucking show.   Leave it to Charlie, give with one hand, take away with the
other.

Charlie moved towards me, not saying a word.   He walked all the way around,
looking and I  could tell by the look in his eyes, that he liked what he was
looking at.

"Harold, you look fantastic.   Sam, Pat, don't you agree?    He is just
fantastic." Charlie enthused.

"Damned right Charlie, hard to believe it is the same boy."  Sebastion agreed.

"Quite frankly he looks good to me no matter what he is wearing." Pat said.

I looked at him with love in my eyes and blew him a kiss.  Ok, so I looked good,
but why the hell did he have me dressed different?  What did this old bugger
have up his sleeve?

"Roland, Welsh & Walsh have out done themselves this time.   Please pass on my
compliments to your Leathermen.  I shall send along a little bonus packet for
each of them." Charlie said turning to Rolly and holding out his hand.

"Thank you, Sir, I am most pleased we were able to meet your requirements,
again." he said taking Charlie's hand.

"Well Roland you have certainly done that and more.  I shall be sure to let
Reggie Welsh know my feelings.   The offer still stands Roland, if you ever
decided to leave Welsh & Walsh I have a job for you."  Charlie offered.

"Thank you, Sir, I shall not forget." Rolly answered.

"And now, it's off to the circus."  Charlie said, but I wasn't sure if he was
serious or joking.

The banquet hall was on the first floor.  After getting off the elevator we all
said good bye to Rolly and headed for the hall.   As we approached the hall, I
could see everyone stop to look at me in my leather formal.    I knew they were
looking at me because every damned one of them looked me directly in the eye and
smiled.

There were a set of double doors leading into the hall, one was propped open.  
Just as our little group got there the other door was pushed open and held by a
lad in normal slave attire.

It was a huge hall and it was jammed packed full.   There were people
everywhere.    Charlie and Mr. Sebastion made their way straight in, Pat and I,
side by side, followed.   People ahead parted to let him through,  he didn't 
have to push, shove or say a damned word, they just moved.

Every once in a while he would stop to shake hands with someone.   Otherwise he
just waved or smiled.  Mr. Sebastion was doing the same thing.    Even Pat would
stop and shake a hand and say a few words here and there.

I just followed behind Charlie, keeping my eyes straight ahead as much as
possible.   I couldn't bare to look at all those staring eyes, I was sure I
stood out a mile in this gorgeous outfit.

Just up ahead was a head table that spread right across the front of the room
and right below a stage.  There was also a large round table in front of it.  
No one was sitting at the table.  Charlie stopped when we got there turned and
had a few quiet words with Mr. Sebastion then headed for the head table.

Mr. Sebastion took a seat at the round table and Pat and I joined him.  Pat to
his left and I on Pat's left.   We were sitting in the three chairs that faced
towards the head table so we would be able to see everything that happened.

A short while later another party entered and everyone parted to make room for
them.   This one was led by a big man with a rather ruddy complexion.   I was
willing to bet this man spent many hours out in the hot sun.

He stopped at our table.   We all stood up, I had no idea why, I just followed
Pat and Sebastion's lead.  They both shook hands with the man.  Pat talked with
him for a moment, I didn't catch everything he was saying but it was about me.  
The man smiled and made his way around to me.

"Harold this is Senior Magistrate Fulton, of the Australian Congress."  Pat
intoned.

"I raised my hand, a great honour to meet you, Sir."  I said.  "Pat and Master
Charlie have spoken very highly of you, Sir."   ok, I know a load of bullshit,
but I did owe Charlie for the great afternoon I'd had.

Mind you if I had know what lay in-store for this evening, it would only have
been a curt hello.

He welcomed me to Australia and hoped I would have a fun evening.   He then left
to join Charlie at the head table.  Three members of his party took their places
at our table.   We all introduced ourselves to each other.

So far everything had gone with no problems, other than I was finding it a bit
warm in all this leather.  I would love to have been able to take the jacket off
and try to get a bit of air circulation to my chest.

The entire head table was now seated and a small bell rang.  Everyone that had
been standing returned to their seats and the room became very quiet.   A few
moments later the bell rang again and Senior Master Fulton stood.

"Gentlemen, it is the Australian Congress's great honour to host this dinner,
for our most distinguished guest, the Senior Magistrate of the World Master's
Congress.   Gentlemen, Master Charlie."  he announced.

Charlie stood up, a big smile on his face:

"Senior Master Fulton, World Senior Master's, Master's of the Australian
Congress, Slaves, it is a great honour you do me with this invitation to share  
a meal with you.  I do thank you from the bottom of my heart."

"Today, Senior Master Fulton and other Senior Master's from the World Congress
met to discuss a major conflict that had arisen between two Congresses.  It is
my great pleasure to announce that the differences have been settled amicably
between both parties.   The World Congress is United again."

The hall broke into loud clapping and cheering.   Charlie waited for it to calm
down a bit then raised his arms for quiet.

"Senior Master Fulton will appraise the members of the outcome and the
resolution that was adopted during the speech giving after the meal.    So
gentlemen, please enjoy your dinner."

He sat down and a thunderous applause filled the hall.   At the same time it
seemed like hundreds of slaves were everywhere serving tables.   I soon found
out that each table had two serving slaves.

Wine was poured and first course set in just a matter of minutes.   Unlike most
functions of this type, no one was kept waiting.   Right away I saw the
advantage of having slaves.

The meal was excellent, a shrimp appetizer with pearl mushrooms sauteed in
garlic butter, the main course, Prime Rib au juice, baby carrots in a butter,
white wine sauce, small oven roast potatoes and fresh baby green peas with dill.  
I had not realized how hungry I was.   All that fucking this afternoon had used
up a lot of my resources I guess.  I ate every morsel from my plate and if I had
thought I could get away with it I would have picked the plate up and licked it
clean.

Desert, was Baked Alaska, Australian style.   That disappeared in a flash, Pat
watched me wolf mine down and then leaned over and asked if I wanted his.   He
didn't have to ask twice.

Following that coffee and tea was served.   I sat back in my chair, sipping my
coffee, a very contented man.  It had been a wonderful day and I looked forward
to spending the night with Pat.  I had forgot for just a little tiny moment that
Charlie was a fucking asshole.

After the second cup of coffee had been served, Senior Master Fulton stood up
and the speech making began.  It seemed to go on and on and on.   I was bored
out of my mind.

When he finally finished, Master Fulton turned the floor over to Charlie again.

"Gentlemen, the Grand Magistrate of the World Master's Congress and Senior
Magistrate of the North American Master's Congress,  Master Charlie."

The dinning room erupted into a loud applause.   Charlie stood and took a small
bow.    While he was doing that Pat leaned over, pulled off my bow tie and
opened the top button of my shirt.   He then brought a leash out of his pocket
and attached it to my normal slaves collar which had been hidden by the shirt.

"Charlie will come over in a moment and take the leash, follow him and do
exactly what he says, when he says it.   This is very, very important Harold.  
Do not let us down." he whispered in my ear.

Before I could say a word Charlie had made his way from the head table and was
beside me.  He took the leash from Pat and started walking towards the stage.  
What the fuck was up?    What kind of shit was he going to pull now?   I felt
like a complete fool, being led on a leash through this crowd.

Charlie never once looked at me.  He smiled to members of the audience, shook a
hand here and there as we made our way forward.   I was too damned embarrassed
to do anything but look at the back of Charlie's head as he led me towards that
stage.  My cock though, was in it's glory again.   It had started to rise and
was pressing against the thong and the tight leather pants.

He climbed the three steps and headed towards a microphone that had been set up
at center stage.  I of course just followed along.    When he got to the
microphone he began to speak, not paying any attention to me what-so-ever. 

I knew from my earlier training that I should stand or kneel behind and to his
right.  I took up the position but wasn't sure if I should kneel or just stay
standing.  I racked my brain trying to remember, finally I decided that the
safest bet would be to kneel, so that is what I did.

That however was a lot easier said then done.   The tight leather pants,
combined with the tight thong pulled my throbbing cock and balls tight to my
body.   My nuts felt like they were being squeezed in a fucking vice.   But I
was down and if I fidgeted too much Charlie would be all over me, I was sure.

I did my best to get into the rest position and looked down at the edge of the
stage which was not that far in front of me.  Charlie just kept on talking.  I
sensed sudden movement to my right and turned to look.

A young man all dressed in black leather was rolling out a cloth rack with empty
clothes hangers hanging from it.  He pushed it right up beside me, pushed down
on a wheel break, turned a walked back off stage leaving the rack.  Now what in
the hell was this thing for, I wondered.

I wasn't long in finding out.   Charlie suddenly stopped, right in the middle of
whatever the hell it was he was saying.  He turned and looked at me for the
first time.

"Harold, remove and hang up your jacket." he ordered, then turned and resumed
his speech.

Dumfounded, I started to get up.  The fucking pants and thong were squeezing my
nuts even harder than before.   It was all I could to hold back a cry of pain as
I tried to stand up.   With much sweat and pain I finally managed.   I quickly
removed the jacket.   Taking a hanger from the rack I slipped my jacket on it
then hung it on the rack.  I decided not to attempt getting down again.

"Harold has only been with me for four months, but he is coming along fairly
well for a slave that refuses to accept that he is a slave." he said, then
turned towards me again.

"You hate being a slave, right Harold?" he asked.

Fuck it, he wants to play games then I'll play his fucking games.

"Yes, Sir.   I hate it with every fiber with in me.    I am not a slave I am a
man." I stated forcefully.

He just smiled and turned back to the audience.

"He really does hate it.   Despite all the good things that have happened to
him, he still hates it.   But even so he still obeys his Master.   Don't you
Harold?" he said turning to me again.

"Yes Sir." I answered confused by this game.

He turned back to the audience.

"Harold is really very embarrassed from having been led up here on a leash.  But
Harold also gets very turned on when he is embarrassed.  Just look at his
crotch." he advised the audience and turned and pointed to my bulging crotch.

I wanted to die and am sure I turned every shade of red that it is possible for
a man to turn.  I wanted to run and hide, but where the hell could I go? 

My cock however thought this was the greatest thing since ice cream.  It was
pulsing and throbbing even harder against the tight leather of the thong and the
pants and I am sure making a nice out line for the audience.

"Harold, rub your crotch with your right hand, NOW." he ordered.

Without hesitation my right hand went to my crotch and started to rub.   Oh fuck
Charlie, please stop this, I prayed silently.

"Pull down your zipper and pull out that raging hunk of man meat, Harold." he
ordered.

Tears began to form in my eyes from this humiliation, but I obeyed instantly.  
My cock was really happy to be released from the hot confines of the pants and
thong.   It bounced up and down happily, slopping precum as it bounced.

"Now I ask you gentlemen have you ever seen a cock that was so out of control?" 
Charlie asked in mock exasperation.

He turned back to me.

"Harold wrap your hand around that thing and wank.   Show these very nice people
how a red blooded Canadian boy gives himself pleasure.   Go ahead Harold
masturbate in front of all these strangers.   Nothing to be ashamed of, after
all it's not as though you haven't done it before." 

He looked deep into my eyes,  daring me to defy him.   But I remembered what Pat
had said, no matter what obey him.  

I wrapped my hand around my throbbing cock and began a slow rhythmic wank.    I
kept my eyes down on the floor, I didn't want to be looking at all those
strangers watching me do this very private thing.

The worst of it was I was so fucking turned on I couldn't believe it.   The
excitement was flowing through and exciting every nerve in my body.   Of course
Charlie couldn't keep his fucking mouth shut, he had to keep on embarrassing me.

"Rub your nuts with your other hand Harold, surely when you wank in bed you play
with your nuts.  You do don't you?"  he demanded.

"Yes Sir." it came out at just above a whisper.

"Speak louder Harold, these nice folk can not hear you if you whisper.   Do you
play with your nuts when you wank in bed alone at night?" 

"Yes Sir." I replied, the tears of humiliation had now started flowing down my
cheeks.   

My cock loved it though, it was still just a throbbing and I was so excited I
could barely stand still.

"It looks like you are just about ready to cum.  Are you Harold?"  he asked.

"Yes Sir any minute Sir."  I replied gasping for air.

"Take your hand away from your cock, NOW, HAROLD." he yelled at me.

My hand instantly dropped from my cock which was on the verge of blowing my hot
seed all over the stage.   I wanted to put my hand back and finish the job, but
didn't dare.   My body was screaming for fulfillment,  but I stood there in
abject misery instead.

"Remove your cummerbund and pretty leather shirt Harold." he ordered.

I removed the cummerbund first then started to remove the shirt.   My breathing
was ragged and my whole system on tether-hooks.   I wanted to cum and he had me
undressing.   My fingers were shaking as I tried to unfasten the buttons.   I
wanted to tear the fucking thing off and get back to wanking.   I was sure he
would let me continue as soon as the shirt was off.  I remembered Rolly saying
Charlie had paid $3,000 US dollars for it, so instead of ripping it off I
fumbled with those fucking buttons.

I finally got the shirt off and hung it up.  I turned back to find him smiling
at me.

"Does that feel better, Harold?   Not quite so warm now, huh?" he asked in a
mocking tone.

"Much more comfortable, Sir." I managed to gasp, begging him with my eyes to let
me finish what he had started.  But no, Charlie wasn't finished yet.

"Now the pants, Harold. Get'em off boy."

I quickly unfastened the belt, but fumbled with the button.  Hooked my thumbs in
the waist and pushed down.  The audience gave a little "ah" of appreciation when
they saw the white kid leather thong.

He had not had me remove my shoes first and now I had a problem.   The fucking
pants were to tight to fit over the shoes.   There was just no way at all to
remove the shoes while standing.   With the pants now down around my ankles
getting down became a bit awkward, but I managed.

My ass cheeks hit the cold stage floor and I gave a little jump.   The audience
noticed and gave a laugh, well at least someone was enjoying all this, cause I
sure wasn't.

I undid the Wellington's and pulled them off.  I decided it would be best to
pull off the white kid socks as well.    Then I had a bit of a struggle getting
my feet back through the lower part of the pant leg.  It was so much easier to
have someone else do it.  The audience by now was really giggling, I guess I was
putting on a pretty good show.

Once they were off I stood back up, my dick sticking out the side of the white
thong and throbbing still.   A long silver rope of precum started to stretch
down towards the floor as I looked at Charlie.

"Oh you really are a treat to look at, Harold.    The audience is having a
wonderful time looking at your naked body.    You really are a very sick young
man Harold, just look at your cock.   It is still hard and throbbing.   A normal
man would not have a raging hard on in a situation such as this.   Only slaves
get hardons when forced to strip in front of others, so despite your denials
Harold, you really do, down deep inside, love being a slave." he said in that
fatherly tone that I hated.

"Remove the thong, Harold." he ordered.

I had no problem with that, I already was showing everything anyway and the
thong was pulling against my cock, so it was actually a relief to remove it.

"Now grab your dick and wank again for us Harold."

I grabbed my throbbing cock and began to wank. 

"Rub your nuts, Harold.  Make love to yourself just like you would in the
privacy of your own room.    We want to see how a sick puppy gets his rocks
off." he mocked me.

But the more he mocked the harder my cock got and the more turned I got.  I was
in heaven the feelings running through my body were like nothing I had ever
experienced before.     On the one hand I loved it, but on the other I hated it.

I was getting very close again, the feelings were so overwhelming I couldn't
stop myself from moaning out loud.

"HAROLD, STOP!" Charlie yelled.

My lust crazed mine heard the command and obeyed.   I wanted to continue so bad,
but I just couldn't disobey his order.   How could that be, I wondered.

"Place your hands on the top of your head and keep them there until I give the
ok to drop them."  he commanded.

My hands went to the top of my head.

The next thing I know two guys all dressed in black leather including hoods are
standing beside me.   One held a small bucket with a funny looking top.   He
knelt down in front of me.   I thought he was going to finish the job using his
mouth but instead he brought the bucket up to my genitals.

The next thing I know my nuts are freezing.   Then my cock follows suit.  The
bucket is full of ice and water, he has submerged my nuts in it and that funny
looking top is a little hand pump.   He is pumping ice cold water over my dick.

My dick of course doesn't like the cold water and begins to shrivel up.  In a
matter of minutes I am completely flaccid.   All the sexual excitement of only a
few moments ago is gone.

He then pulled a small cloth from one of his pockets and dried my cock and
balls,   stood up and moved back.

The second guy moved forward, he had a strange looking metal contraption that
looked almost like a pair of briefs that sparkled and shone from the overhead
lights.   I was amazed when he opened it, the fucking thing was hollow and was
made to fit a man.  Now what the fuck were they up to.

Unknown to me another guy was behind me, his arms and hands suddenly appeared
from between my legs.   The guy holding the metal underpants  placed them on
this new pair of hands.  I watched mesmerized as the metal briefs  lifted
towards my crotch.  Fuck, the bastards were going to put me into a pair of metal
fucking underpants.

But there was more to it then that, inside the front portion was a band that fit
around my cock and balls, then a hollow tube that my cock slid into.   They had
the thing on me, closed and locked in less than a minute.   I stood there
disbelieving what I was seeing.

The guy in front stood up, turned and walked off stage.

"Harold, go down into the audience and show everyone your new chastity belt. 
One way or another you are going to learn to control that fucking cock of yours. 
Now go." he commanded.

Still in a daze from it all I started to make my way off stage.   My nuts were
full of cum and the belt or whatever it was they had put around them was causing
them to rub inside the metal pants.   This in turn was sending the most
exquisite feelings to my now numbed brain.   Just before I reached the stairs my
cock began to stir again.   It didn't stir very far, I got a sudden sharp pain
right on my sensitive cock head.   The pain was so sharp and so sudden that I
almost doubled over.   My hands went to grab hold to ease the pain but were
stopped by the fucking metal pants.

"Ah, Harold has just found out that there is a  small electrode pressing against
the head of his cock.   Whenever his cock starts to harden he will get a sharp
burning sensation on his cock head." Charlie announced to the audience.

The audience thought that was the cats meow and began to clap and shout. 
Bastards, was all I could think.    I made my way down the stairs and towards
the tables.   Hands began touching me as soon as I was close enough.   That of
course increased my humiliation which in turn sent little signals to my brain. 

My brain sent a load of blood to my cock.   My cock happy to get that load of
blood began to inflate.    The little sensors sensed the inflation and sent a
little signal to the electrode resting against my cockhead.   That little signal
erupted as a sharp pain, which again almost doubled me over.

This scene was repeated over and over as I made my way around the room showing
off my chastity belt.  Oh gawd how I wished I had told Charlie I was not feeling
up to flying home last night.  I could have been lying on that nice hospital bed
with Allen.  Damn, why me?

To Be Continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for. 

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 33

Down-under continued

After I had been all around the room, showing off the damned chastity belt,
Charlie called me back to the stage.  I made my way back afraid of what the
bastard had in store for me now.

How could this be so damned important, I wondered.    Humiliating me was not
going to fix anything within the Congress.   Yet Pat had stressed that it was
very important that I obey Charlie completely.   I didn't trust or give a damn
about Charlie, but trusted Pat 100%.   I didn't think he would lie to me, so if
he thinks it important for me to obey, I will.

While I was making my way back I could see a couple of slaves pulling a platform
with a wall out onto the stage.  They placed it at approximately stage centre.  
They were just finishing as I climbed the stairs.

"Over here, Harold." Charlie ordered, indicating the platform.

He had me get up on the platform and kneel.   Then the two slaves that had
brought the platform out each grab one of my wrists.   In a flash they had my
wrists cuffed and attached to chains, which were attached to the wall of the
platform.   My arms were pulled out and lifted slightly above my head level.  
It must have looked from the audience like I was praying.

I soon found out that the name of this game was, Let's See How Often We Can Make
Harold Zap His Cock Head.  

After securing my wrists as I mentioned, the two slaves left the stage.  
Charlie turned back to the audience and announced:

"As I mentioned earlier I am very honoured to be here this evening.   To show my
appreciation I have had Tyrone  Wonderlust, considered to be the world's most
erotic male dancer, flown in."

The audience went wild.   Charlie waited for them to calm down then continued.

"Gentlemen, Tyrone Wonderlust." 

He made the announcement and then left the stage.   The lights dimmed and almost
went completely out.   It was fairly dark.    Suddenly a red spot came on,
shining on stage left.   At the same moment a large drum role resounded
throughout the hall.

A very sensual bump & grind tune started to play, I knew the name but for the
life of me could not bring it to mind.  At the first beat of the tune a leg
appeared in the red light.   The leg was naked except for a pair of shiny black
boots that went almost to the knee.   The leg kicked back and forth erotically
in time to the music.

It was hard to believe that a leg could be so erotic, my dick began to harden
and I got zapped.   The spot operator must have been watching me like a hawk,
because at the same moment that I tried to double over from the shock to my cock
head, a blue spot opened on me.

The audience shouted and applauded their glee at that development.   They and I
both now knew what this dance was going to be about and for.  I only knew that
the audience was going to love it while I hated it.

As I straightened back up after the shock, the blue light went out and the focus
was back on Tyrone Wonderfuckingjerk and his dance.  His leg pulled back behind
the black curtain and the music speeded up a bit.  He then jumped out, wow, my
heart gave a big jump.

The man was gorgeous.   About 5'7 or 8 he was muscular and lathered down with
oil so his skin shone in the red light cast by the spot.

He was wearing a pair of skin tight, black latex shorts and vest.  He also had
on a pair of black latex gloves that went all the way up to his pits.

He stood partially crouched in the position he landed after jumping out.  He was
waving his arms about erotically, rubbing them across his magnificent pecs and
then across his package which pushed out from his crotch.   My bet was there
weren't too many horses that had anything over Mr. Wonderfuckingnuts.

The guy was a walking fucking hardon maker.   My cock was rising again and he
really hadn't even done anything yet.   This time my cock must have harden
really quickly and got quite large because the jolt I got was at least five
times stronger than any of the others.

I couldn't hold back a small scream of pain.

"Ayyyyyyyyiiiiiiiieeeeee"

The blue spot was on me  before I had finished the scream.   I was trying to
double over.   Pulling uselessly on my arms to try and wrap my hands around my
now burning crotch, but the chains held me securely.

Charlie you miserable monster, I cried out in my mind.    This has got to be the
most diabolically mean trick you have ever pulled on me.  Oh if I could get my
fucking hands around your throat right about now.

As soon as I stopped pulling on the chains the blue spot went off and focus was
on Tyrone again.   He was still doing his thing in the red spot.  I was
beginning to hear sounds from the audience that told me guys were whacking off
down there.   I really couldn't blame them, this whole fucking thing had to big
one giant turn on.

Tyrone was now running around and jumping up and down making obscene gestures
with his hands and his crotch.  The audience just ate it right up.   I had
finally wised up and had stopped looking.   Damned if I wanted another shock to
my poor cock head.   I could just imagine the shape it would be in when they
finally took this metal contraption off me.

As Tyrone danced and did his thing I had my eyes closed and was listening to the
sounds from the audience  which filtered through the erotic beat of the music.   
Lots of oo's, oh's and ah's.  Well there would be one hell of a mess on the
floor after this show was over, I was sure.

Then a terrible thought struck, I hope the fuck Charlie doesn't send me down to
lick it all up.  It would be just like the prick to pull something like that.

As I say I wasn't watching Tyrone the Wonderfuck anymore, just listening. 
Suddenly the audience went absolutely wild.   Well you have probably heard the
old saying, "Curiosity Killed the Kat", well guess who became curious?

Tyrone Wonderdink had removed the black vest and his magnificent chest was on
view.   One look was all that was needed, the scene was so fucking erotic, my
cock sprang up again.   Again is was a strong shock and I let out a yell as I
tried to double over.

The blue light came on and the audience let out a whole lot of hollering and
whistling and clapping.   That was all the incentive Tyrone Wonderfuck needed to
head over towards me and wave that fucking chest right in my face.

His chest was as smooth as a baby's bottom.   He had no hair at all.   His
quarter sized, dark areolas invitingly called to my now hungry lips.   His
nipples were standing straight out.   My cock hardened again.   Even harder than
before and I screamed out as the zapper, zapped my cock head again.

The blue spot came on and the audience gave me a standing ovation for my fucking
pain.  Bastards.

Tyrone Wonderprick now began to gyrate wantonly in front of me.   I tried
closing my eyes and ignoring him, but I couldn't.   The thought of that gorgeous
body wiggling seductively in front of me forced my eyes to stay open.

Now Tyrone Wonderbastard brought his beautiful left nipple to my drooling lips.  
I couldn't control myself, my mouth opened and I sucked lovingly on his tit.
My cock rose again and got shocked for it's trouble.   It was strange to be so
turned on, but not able to keep my cock up.   My nuts were aching for release.

Tyrone Wondernuts gave me a big smile as he pulled his beautiful hot tit from my
mouth.  I stretched forward, not wanting him to take it away.   I was begging
with my eyes for him to bring it back, but he just gave me a sexy smile, gave a
jump in the air, a full twist and his sexy, latex encased bubble buns were now
wiggling in front of my drooling eyes.

The audience was whistling and cat calling and just having a great time.  Those
hot latex encased bubble  buns, wiggling just inches from my face were driving
me wild.   My cock rose again and got shocked, a few moments later it was up
again, another shock.  I didn't give a shit about the shocks now I was so hot.

Tyrone Wonderbutt just had to increase my frustration even more.   He stuck his
thumbs into the side waist band and pulled.   The fucking shorts came right off
and now I was looking at the real, naked thing.   Two of the hottest, most
enticing ass globes I had ever seen. 

Tyrone Wonderprick looked over his shoulder, wiggled his buns, then tossed his
shorts back so they landed on my head.  I don't know if it was my imagination or
not but part of the shorts draped down over my face and the smell  of pure male
musk permeated my nostrils.   My cock rose up again and I got the shock only
this time it lasted longer, my cock did not want to deflate.   The shock was
getting stronger and stronger.

I gave a yell of agony and tried to bend forward.   The shorts fell off my head
and the audience went wild again.   Tyrone Wonderbastard turned and gave me a
seductive smile and wink.  I still had tears rolling down my cheeks from the
pain of the last jolt.

Tyrone Wonderfuck was still doing his gyrating in front of me wiggling that ass.  
He then did a series of cartwheels around the stage.   I followed his progress,
unable to take my lusting eyes off of this piece of raw, moving sex.    I wanted
to feel his cock in my mouth, in my pussy, against my chest, I really didn't
care as long as I could feel it.   I hadn't seen it yet, but what showed through
the black thong was enough to give anyone the hots.

On his last cartwheel, his hand went to his crotch and he whipped off the thong,
just as he landed feet first in front of me.  I gave out a gasp.   His cock had
to be ten inches long and was as thick as a beer can.   It was throbbing and
dripping precum onto the stage.  He gave me another smile then turned to show
the audience his equipment.

A moment later he turned back to me and made his way toward me in time to the
music.  Thrusting his hips in and out suggestively.    My cock of course could
not sit still for that and I got another series of shocks.

Tyrone Wondercock  brought his horse cock right up to my face, moved his hips
back and forth so his massive phallus was whacking me across the face.    His
cock was so big these whacks actually hurt.  He didn't give a shit he just kept
whacking it back and forth.

With each whack he smeared precum across my now sore face, but some of that
precum was getting into my mouth and it tasted so sweet, I desperately wanted to
suck that hot meat.

"Wanna suck me, slave boy?" he hollered out.

"Yes." I gasped out.

"We can't hear you, slave boy.   What would you like?" he taunted.

"I want to suck your cock." I hollered out loud.

"Let us hear you beg, slave boy." he continued to taunt while whacking my face
with his huge boner.

"Please, Mr. Tyrone, may I suck your beautiful cock, Sir.   Please Sir." I
groveled.

"Lick it all around the head and my slit, get all the snot off, then maybe I
will let you suck." he ordered.

Happy to comply I licked tenderly at the huge purple head he placed in front of
my lips.  It was so soft and velvety and tasted so wonderful I was in heaven.  
My cock rose again and I got a shock, but paid no attention.   All I wanted at
this moment was to suck this beautiful example of male strength and dominance.

He then made me lick his balls and down behind them, getting all the sweat
created by his dancing.   I obeyed, he had promised his cock, so I obeyed.  
Then he pulled away and I felt disappointed, betrayed.   He smiled at me:

"Now make my pussy feel real good and I will let you suck my cock till I cum."

He jumped up in the air did a full twist again and landed with his hard, bubble
butt facing me.   He backed in until his butt was only inches from my mouth.  
He bent over and presented his rose bud.   I had tongue fucked enough asshole by
now that the prospect did not bother me at all, especially when the reward was
that beautiful cock.

I worked my tongue around the rim of his pucker.   I watched as it contracted in
pleasure and listened to his moans of pleasure.    Then when I felt the time was
right I plunged my hot tongue right up his pussy and began a furious tongue
fuck.

A scream of pure animal joy escaped his lips and sent the audience off into
another wild screaming and whistling frenzie.    If my hands had of been free I
would have been playing with his nuts and wanking his cock.   But as it was I
had to be content with just using my tongue.

My own cock was now into a series of attempts to get hard, but each time the
shocks stopped it.    But that didn't stop me from fucking his ass with my
tongue.   Finally he couldn't take anymore, he wanted to get off so he did
another of his flips and was facing me.

A long silver string of precum was heading towards the floor as he moved in with
his dick.  

"Ok, slave boy, you may now suck my cock." 

I didn't have to be told twice.   My mouth opened and took that huge phallus in. 
I worked the head in and out a few times and then decided it was time to try and
get it down my throat.   It was so big I wasn't sure I would be able to manage.

I took it a few inches at a time, in, out, in, out, each time going a little
farther in.  Once my gag reflex was over come I decided it was time to get it
all the way down.   I pulled out and then forced my head forward.   That huge,
thick cock filled my mouth, I was surprised I could get my mouth open that wide.  
I was even more surprised when my throat stretched and enveloped that huge dick
as it made it's way down deep inside my throat.

My throat had never felt so filled, but it felt marvelous.    I could feel his
massive organ throbbing in my throat as I held it there for a few moments.    I
then pulled all the way out and then plunged forward again.

"Oh fuck yeah, slave boy, take my fucking cock down your good for nothing
fucking slave throat.   Choke on my cock, slave boy." he yelled out.

The audience just lapped that right up.

I had now begun a slow in and out rhythm, fucking my own face on his baseball
bat.   The feel of that massive dick moving in and out of my throat, the pulsing
as the blood was pushed into it under great pressure by his heart,  was so
erotic my cock just would not stay down and I kept getting zapped.

Tyrone Wonderdick was getting close to blowing his dick snot down my throat I
could feel the change in his dick, it was getting bigger and was pulsing faster. 
I picked up the rhythm.

"Oh fucking yeah, slave boy, suck that cock.   Take it down your faggot throat,
slave boy.    Your going to eat man snot, slave boy and you better not spill
any."  he gasped out as his hips now began thrusting to meet my face.

"Ayyyyyyyyyyyyiiiieeeee ooooohhhhhhh fuck I'm cumming.   Take me slave boy, take
my fuck snot.   Oh yeah eat hardy, slave boy." he screamed out as he began to
blow his nuts deep in my throat.

He shot two loads down in my throat before a load finally erupted in my mouth.  
His hot cum had trouble trying to find any space in my oral cavity, his cock
filled it and so the cum, under pressure ended up going up into my nose.   I
could feel his cum shoot up the back of my throat  and then come down my
nostrils under terrific pressure.

I now had a serious problem.   How the fuck was I going to breath.    The answer
was quite simple actually, I wasn't.

Tyrone Wondercock was too far gone to worry about a simple thing like letting
the slave boy breath.   His only interest in life at this moment was to unload
his nuts and that is what he proceeded to do.

I held my breath as long as I could.   I didn't think it would be very long
before he was finished and would pull out.   How fucking wrong can one person
get?

He just kept cuming and cuming and fucking cuming.   Then another shot erupted
in my mouth, went up the back of my throat and down my nose.   My eyes were
still full of tears from the last one and this one caused more.

I was still holding my breath, not wanting to breath cum into my lungs.  That
would cause me to start choking and retching.    It was getting really difficult
to refrain from trying to breath, I needed a breath desperately.

Tyrone Wonderprick just kept on dumping his load into me.   His hips were
pounding into my face at a frantic rate.    I was now beginning to panic, my
cock had stopped trying to get hard, I guess it finally realized that we had a
problem

Just when I thought I was going to loose it, he finally pulled that massive cock
out of my throat and I gasped in a big load of fresh air.   It took two or three
gulps before I felt ok, then it just became fast rasping.   Cum was still
dripping out of my nose.

Tyrone Wonderfuck looked at my face, smiled and turned to the audience.  

"The slave boy has cum snot dripping out of his nose.  What a fucking pig this
slave boy is." he yelled out then turned back to me.

"Your a fucking pig, slave boy.  Sniff that snot back up your nose and swallow
it, now." he ordered.

I had managed to get my breathing under control and tried snuffing his cum back
up my nose and clearing it, but it really was no use.  I managed to get some but
couldn't get it all, it just kept dripping out.  So he had me lick it off my
upper lip with my tongue, all the while calling me names.

Finally he turned to the audience and gave a bow.    The audience gave him a
standing ovation.    The red spot light then went out, but the applause
continued.   The spot came on again but over at the side of the stage and there
stood, Tyrone Wonderprick, in all his naked glory.

He gave a bow and disappeared behind the black curtain.    The audience was
still standing and applauding loudly.   The house lights began to brighten and
soon the hall was illuminated again, with the audience still standing and
applauding.

Charlie climbed the stairs and came back to where I was still chained.  He
looked at me with a big smile on his face, he looked like a happy man.   He then
turned to the audience and raised his hands.   The audience became quiet.

"Gentlemen, I am sure you will agree with me that Tyrone certainly has earned
his fee and his name, Wonderlust.   That was one hell of a show."

The audience agreed by applauding loudly.

"I also must say that our very own Harold did us all proud tonight.   Why just
look at this poor boy.   He has been put into so many situations and each time
he got hot he got zapped.   But did he complain?" he asked loudly.

"NO." the audience responded.

"Did he refuse to do his duty as a slave?" he yelled out again.

"NO." the audience responded.

"Does he deserve a reward?" he yelled even louder.

"YES." the audience screamed getting to their feet and applauding loudly.

I couldn't believe what I was seeing and hearing.   They actually were
applauding for me.

Charlie waited until the noise had died down a bit before raising his hands for
quiet.

"It is now time for you to vote on his performance.   If the overwhelming
majority votes no, Harold will wear that chastity belt for a month.   If you
vote yes, Tyrone will come back out on stage and give Harold the blowjob of his
life." he announced.

He paused for a moment then turned and looked at me.   He gave me a smile and a
wink before turning back to the audience.

Wear the fucking belt for a month, with my nuts the way they are right now I
will go absolutely mad.   What kind of fucking fiend is he anyway that he would
do this to me.   This bastards would love to drive me mad.   I was positive they
would vote, no.

"You each have a red and a green card.   When the boxes come around place a
green card in the box for Yes or a Red card for No.  Let the voting begin."

I tried to see what was being put in the boxes but was just too far away.   I
figured the cards must be fairly small as well.   It didn't take very long for
the vote.  There were a bunch of slaves, each with a box and they were moving
from table to table pretty quickly.

While the cards were being collected a big silver drum affair was rolled out
onto the stage.   I found out later that it was a machine used for counting the
cards.   Each of the cards had a small electronic chip.   The machine could read
the chip and in that manner did the count.

Once the cards were all collected the slaves brought the boxes up onto the stage
and opened them, dumping the contents into the drum.   Once they were all in
Charlie pushed a switch and the machine made some weird noises.   A few moments
later it passed out a printed paper card.

Charlie took the card read what was on it and shook his head sadly while looking
at me.    I wanted to cry right there and then.   I knew it would be, no, now I
was going to suffer with sore balls for a whole fucking month.

He walked back to the microphone and read out loud.

"Yes, votes one thousand, four hundred and thirty nine." the audience broke into
wild applause before he even got to the no votes.

He waited a moment for the noise to abate.   I was so upset believing that I was
going to be stuck in the chastity belt for a month didn't realize that the vote
had gone in my favor.

"No votes, 39, unreadable votes 4.  The Yes votes have it.   Tyrone Wonderlust,
come on back out." he yelled.

I still hadn't realize that I had won.  It wasn't until Tyrone's bump & grind
music came on that I looked up and saw him being pushed out onto the stage on a
large four-poster bed, covered in what looked like black satin.  It also had a
weird looking canopy on top.

The bed was pushed right in front of me and stopped.   The two slaves that had
been pushing it came back to me and released my wrists from the cuffs.  I
brought my arms down and shook them to get the kinks out.

"Harold, come over here." Charlie ordered.

I got up off my knees and walked over to him.

"Spread your legs, Harold." he said kindly.

I obeyed instantly and Tyrone jumped off the bed and came over to me.   He
crouched down and removed a key from around his neck.   I had seen the little
key when he was dancing.   He used the key on the side of the chastity belt and
it opened.

A pair of hands appeared under it and lowered it a bit, while Tyrone released my
cock from the tube and then removed the strap from around my cock and balls.  My
nuts were really tender and I gasped a bit when they dropped down onto the
chastity belt.  The belt was lowered and disappeared between my legs.

Tyrone took my hand and led me to the bed.  My nuts felt heavy and hung like two
lead weights between my legs.   As we approached I noticed that the weird canopy
was a large mirror, angled so that the audience would have a great view of
whatever took place on the bed. 

When we reached the bed he took me in his arms a kissed me, a deep, long,
searching kiss.   His tongue darting in and out and all around the insides of my
mouth.   Then suddenly he sucked my tongue into his mouth.   He varied the
sucking pressure as he worked my tongue back and forth through his lips.  At the
same time his tongue would flick and roll around mine each time it entered his
mouth.

I felt the familiar stirring between my legs only this time there was no searing
jolt to my cock head.   My cock was happy now and was soon at full attention
throbbing away and leaking precum as it pushed against his hot abs.

He then did something no one else has ever done to me before.   Without taking
his mouth from mine, he bent me over slightly, placed his right arm behind my
knees and bodily lifted me up as though I were feather.

It was the most remarkable feeling to be held in another's arms that way as he
continued to french kiss.   My dick was really throbbing now.    I felt him move
forward a bit and the next thing I knew I was lying on the soft silken sheets
and he was beside me, continuing the kiss.

His right arm moved from behind my knees and the hand began to massage around my
cock and balls.  I know I was moaning in ecstasy while his tongue continued it's
frantic search of my oral cavity.

The Master's in the audience must have been having a grand time.   I could here
the shouting and cheering and clapping interspersed with loud whistles.  The
mirror was angled in such a way that I could not see anything in it except the
very tip of the stage.

Tyrone finally pulled his mouth away from mine and began a slow journey down my
body licking, sucking and kissing.   He stopped at each nipple, flicking his
tongue back and forth across the little, erect appendage, sending little thrills
all through me.

Then he would give a little nip with his teeth, not enough to cause real pain,
but enough that I knew he had nipped me.  Then his lips surrounded the nipple
and began to suck the areola up into his hot mouth while his tongue continued to
flick across the nipple.

He did both nipples while his hands continued to massage my nuts and cock.   I
was riding high, my breath was rasping in my throat and I had broken out in a
sweat.   My head was flipping from side to side it just felt so damned great. 
Tyrone really knew how to turn a guy on and keep him there.   No wonder they
called him Wonderlust.   He was a Wonder and he had me full of Lust.

On his journey to my dick he stopped for a few moments to titillate my deep,
inny, button.   I am very sensitive around my button hole and Tyrone knew just
how to make the best use of it.   He had me squirming, it was impossible to
remain still.

Now Tyrone did something again that no one else had ever done to me.  After
leaving my button he started to lick my naked pubs area.    I mean to really
lick, not little tongue flicks or light touches.  No, Tyrone had his tongue full
out and licked my pubs working his way down around the root of my throbbing
cock, under my nuts and back up the other side. 

He was driving me half crazy.   This was the most amazing feeling I had ever
had.   One more for my note book to remember for the future.  

Precum was flowing from my cock like a river.   I could feel it running down the
shaft.   Tyrone began to lick it up, working his way up the shaft of my dick.  
Lick on one side then the next, back and forth, driving me even wilder if that
were possible.

I could feel my nuts pulsing in their sac.   The were so full of cum by now I
just knew that when they let go there was going to be one hell of a lot of my
juice flying around.

Tyrone finally made his way to my so badly abused cock head.   It had taken all
the shocks this evening but it was just as sensitive to a hot tongue as ever,
and Tyrone had a hot tongue and knew how to use it.

I was beyond anything but wanting to empty my nuts.   I know I was heaving my
hips upward as Tyrone continued to lick around my cock head.    I wanted to feel
my cock in his hot mouth and throat.  I desperately need to feel it surrounded
by hot mucus membranes as it slides back and forth, in and out of that hot
passage.

Tyrone finally fulfilled my wish and took me full in his mouth.    Then a quick
forward jab with his head and my dick was planted deep in his throat.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh" I yelled out in joy.

Tyrone held his head still for a moment then began to fuck his face on my
throbbing cock at a moderate pace. 

Tyrone was a professional, he took his time using me for his own purpose.  
Keeping me just this side of glory, while  keeping the audience on the edge of
their seats.    But even Tyrone knows that there is a limit, that you can only
take a man so far and then the time comes to let him blow his nut snot all over
kingdom cum.

He picked up speed and I knew the magic moment was approaching, I could feel my
poor overloaded nuts lifting and getting ready to release the overload.  Just as
I was about to cum, Tyrone pulled his mouth off my dick and replaced it with his
hand.

"Ok, slave boy, let the Master's watch you empty your nuts."

My first shot sent a huge rope of  man juice flying up towards the mirror, it
almost touched, made a little arch and fell back towards me.   I thought it was
going to land on my chest until the last moment, when I realized it was heading
form my face.   I opened my mouth and caught almost the whole thing.

The audience went absolutely wild.   But I didn't have time to worry about the
audience a second rope was flying through the air followed by a third, forth,
fifth, and sixth.

The second also landed in my mouth, but the force of the third was not enough
and it landed on my upper chest, each shot after that landed lower and lower. 
After the sixth shot, Tyrone placed his lips back around my dick and milked two
more shots from me.

The Master's were on their feet screaming and shouting and whistling.  They had,
had quite a show I guess.   They seemed awful happy anyway.

Me I just lay there exhausted.   I felt really contented now and just wanted to
sleep.   Tyrone licked the last of the cum from my dick and made his way to my
chest where he proceeded to lick up all the shots that didn't make it to my
mouth.

There must have been some on my chin because after he finished my chest he
leaned forward and began to lick.   Then he licked across my lips.  I opened my
mouth and he kissed me.

Before getting up he whispered.

"You were great, Harold.   We would make a great team on the show circuit. 
Maybe Charlie will let us make it together again some time.  Take it easy man."

He then got up off the bed, took a bow and left the stage.   I was just too
exhausted to do anything so lay there letting my breathing and my system get
back to normal.

"Ahummmm".   Charlie cleared his throat.

I opened my eyes, to see Charlie standing at the edge of the bed looking down at
me, a big stupid smile on his face.

"Well Harold, did you enjoy yourself?" he asked.

"Oh, yes Sir.   Tyrone was great Sir." I answered.

"Good, well get up off the bed and take a bow.   You have made the Master's very
happy tonight." he said.

I didn't really want to get up, I was so comfortable.   But knew that Charlie
could not be disobeyed particularly in front of all these Master's.  I got up
off the bed and took a bow.

They gave me a wild ovation.   I felt really self-conscious about the whole
thing.    They were applauding the fact that I had just had sex with another
guy.   I found this very disconcerting.

Away from the microphone Charlie said:

"Go back stage, have a shower and get dressed in your outfit again.   Rolly is
back there to help you."

I started towards the wings, the audience still applauding wildly.   As soon as
I was in the wings Rolly was there to meet me.

"Hell of a show, mate." he greeted.

"Maybe, Rolly but I only enjoyed that last little bit.  But hot damn it was
good." I laughed.

Rolly took me to a dressing room, it was quite large and had a private toilet
and shower.   I headed straight for the shower and got the water as hot as I
could stand.   My gawd it felt great, there was fresh, fragrant soap and a huge
sea sponge.  After letting the water cascade down on my head for a bit I began
to soap up.

"Would you like your back washed?" Rolly asked from somewhere out in the room.

"Sure, if you don't mind." I answered back.

In a flash Rolly was in the shower with me, buck naked.   Mmmmmm, I thought to
myself, could it be that Rolly would like more than to just wash my back?

I handed him the sponge and the soap, turned away and placed both palms against
the shower wall and leaned forward with my legs spread.   Now was I asking him
to wash my back or was I wanting something more?

Rolly soaped up my back first and then made a tentative rub against my buns.  I
gave no sign of objection so he became a little more daring and moved down my
crack towards the glory hole.   I still gave no signs of objections and the next
thing I knew the sponge was on the floor and Rolly's hands were rubbing my front
while he pressed his chest against my back.

It felt superb and I wasn't about to object.  Rolly was a good looking guy.  I
would estimate he was in his mid to late thirties, but he was well built and
looked after himself.   I had only had a quick glance at his dick when he
entered the shower, not enough to know what he really had for equipment.

Once he started rubbing his chest against my soaped up back he became turned on
and his dick began to get hard.   It was rubbing against my crack and it felt
great.   Just by the feel I would have been willing to bet it was about six and
a half to seven inches and about average in circumference.    It sure felt good
rubbing against my ass.

My own little monster began to rise from all of Rolly's attentions.   I stood up
straight and pushed back into his chest, dropping my arms from the wall.   I
gave a little wiggle and turned around.

"You give one hell of a mean back wash, Rolly, I should have you around more
often." I laughed as I move my lips to his.

He accepted my open mouth greedily and our tongues began the tongue waltz as our
chests, abs and cocks rubbed together.   I had been teased so much tonight that
I didn't want a lot of foreplay, I wanted to get right down to the nitty gritty.

My hand dropped to his hard dick and began a slow wank.  I had been right about
size and it felt great in my hand.  His hand had dropped to mine and we stood
there kissing and wanking each other.

I guess he must have been needing release pretty bad because it didn't take very
long before he started to unload his nuts against my cock which he was still
wanking.   His cum was almost as hot as the water still cascading down my back.

"Oh gawd yes, that feels so fucking good." he said out loud as his nuts shot
there load against me.

After he had unloaded he asked if he could finish me with his mouth and I, not
being an idiot, readily agreed.

Rolly was nowhere near as good as Tyrone had been, but he was no slouch either.  
It did not take him long to get me shooting a couple of loads down his
frantically face fucking throat.  Having a second release so soon after that big
one on the stage felt really great, even if there wasn't much left in my nuts to
shoot.

After I had cum we washed each other down quickly and got out of the shower.

Twenty minutes later all dried and dressed in the leather tuxedo I made my way
back to our table in the hall.  Pat and Sebastion greeted me warmly.   The other
three chaps at the table did so as well.  

What really surprised me was that on the way back to the table all the Master
were reaching out to shake my hand and congratulate me on a job well done.

There was something else I noticed.   I had been sure while up on the stage that
there was a whole lot of masturbating going on in the audience.   Well I was
sure of it now, the room reeked with the smell of semen and sweat.   All I could
do now was pray that Charlie didn't get the bright idea of having me lick it all
up off the fucking floor.

Just as I got back to the table the MC introduced a Gay Comedian.  Pat knew I
was on my way back and had ordered a huge ice cold coke for me.   I took my
seat, sipped my cold coke and enjoyed the rest of the show.

After the comedian a couple of guys did a BDSM thing.  Lots of leather,
shackles, whips and such.   After they had set up their equipment they came down
into the audience and grabbed one of the serving slaves.   They literally
dragged the poor bastard back to the stage and stripped him.

They then began to perform all manner of terrible things to the poor kid.   The
worst of which was the whipping.   They each held a long raw hide whip and stood
to either side of him and proceed to  each lay  ten lashes on the poor kid.  
The boy screamed and cried for mercy but these pricks never gave him any at all.  
By the time they finished he had passed out.   His back was raw and bleeding
profusely.

A couple of other slaves appeared from the wings, took the lad down and dragged
him off stage.    The two pricks that had tortured him took bows and got a
standing ovation from everyone but me.   I refused to stand or to give any
applause what so ever.

Pat nudged me to get up, but I looked at him and said loud enough for anyone
close to our table to hear:

"You will have to kill me before I will give those bastards any praise."

And I meant every word of it.  But nothing came of it, nothing was said to me by
Charlie or any of the other Master's.  I wouldn't have cared if they had, I had
no use for this kind of abuse of a human being.

That was the end of the show and the evening.   Everyone got up and started
talking and shaking hands.   Dozens of Master's came forward to shake my hand
and say a few words.  It took over a half hour before Charlie finally came over
and we started towards the doors.

I thought we would be going back to the suite, but instead we headed for a
restaurant.  I hadn't realized but it had been almost four hours since we had
had dinner.   They must have been tormenting me for almost three hours then,
because neither of those last two acts that I witnessed lasted for more than a
half hour each.

At the restaurant I ordered a piece of cherry cheese cake and a cup of coffee. 
Pat had the same.  Rolly had joined us and he ordered apple pie.  The three of
us chatted about different things, like the leather goods business.   I found
out that the Welsh, the only surviving member of the stores founders, was a
Master.  

Rolly had worked at the store for almost fifteen years.   Old Welsh had tried
over and over again to get Rolly to become a Master, but Rolly liked his life
the way it was.   Charlie had tried to entice him away from Welsh on numerous
occasions, but again Rolly had stood firm, he liked his present life.

We stayed at the restaurant for almost an hour.  I drank 4 cups of coffee and
had a second piece of cheese cake.  I was beginning to think Charlie was going
to stay there all night and I wanted to get back to the suite and just relax.

He finally stood up and I breathed a sigh of relief.   Back in the suite Rolly
came to my room and helped me get out of the leather out fit.   It was neatly
hung up and placed in garment bags.   Rolly was going to take it with him when
he left.  It would be cleaned and taken to the plane before we departed
tomorrow.

I slipped into a pair of slacks and a light T and a pair of slippers I found in
the cupboard.   Rolly and I went out into the living room to join Pat, Charlie
and Sebastion.

"Well, Harold you did a great job tonight." Charlie said happily.

"I can not tell you how important your cooperation was to cementing the repair
of some long standing feuds.   Maybe in a couple of years you will understand
how this Master/Slave system works and then you will realize just exactly what
you accomplished for us tonight."  he smiled.

"Well Sir, I am glad I could help." I lied.

"But I must admit I really enjoyed that last bit.   Tyrone really knows how to
turn a guy on." I said shyly with a big smile on my face.

"You can say that again, I don't think there was a soft cock in that whole
fucking hall the whole time he was on stage.   Cum was flowing like a river
under each and everyone of those tables.  I could smell it." he said.

"Harold was pretty hot as well, Charlie." Mr. Sebastion interjected.

"Oh, that he was Sam, that he was." Charlie answered.

The talk went on like that for a little while and finally I got up enough nerve
to ask if it would be ok if I hit the sack.

Charlie had no problem with it at all.   Rolly came back to my room to get the
outfit.   He wished me good luck and hoped we would meet again someday.  I
thanked him for all his help and particularly for the fun and games in the
shower.   He blushed slightly and we gave each other a kiss goodbye.

I was just climbing into bed when Pat knocked on the door.   I bid him enter. 
He wanted to know if I wanted company for the night.

"Do dogs bark?  Do cats meow?  Have I got a hard on?" I laughed.

He was in the room undressed and lying beside me in about 30 seconds flat.

"Mmmmmm." I asked,  "What's that big stick poking me in the gut?"

"Why don't you go down there and take a look?" he asked.

Ever inquisitive, I did.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street.

by Rob

Part 34

Homeward Bound (Almost)

The searing light, of the bright morning sun, shining in my eyes, again, 
brought me out of a deep, peaceful sleep.  Only this time it was a result of
Charlie pulling open the drapes in my room.

"Come on you two love birds, time to rise and shine.  Plane leaves in three
hours.    I've ordered breakfast and it will be here in half an hour.   Gives
you both plenty of time to shower and dress and if your real fast ya might even
have time to give each other a blow job." he laughed.

"Ah, shit Charlie, ya could have let us sleep another hour." Pat complained as
he sat up and yawned.

"Yeah, but then I wouldn't have had the pleasure of waking you early, now would
I." Charlie shot back.

"Bastard.  Ok we'll be out for breakfast, now get lost." Pat said in mock fury.

I was surprised that Pat would talk to Charlie like that.   I had never, ever
heard him talk back before.   I had never, ever heard anyone talk back to
Charlie like that.  What was even more surprising was that Charlie laughed it
off.

We both hopped out of bed and headed for the shower.  I preferred hot water
showers, but I had learned that Pat preferred them much cooler.   So we started
with hot and ended up with cool.  After he stepped out, I turned it up hot again
to get the heat back into my bones.  Pat laughed.

A whole wardrobe of clothes awaited me in the bedroom.  It had been so long
since I had been able to choose what to wear I was completely lost.   I finally
gave up and let Pat choose for me.

He chose white cotton socks and thong.   A light blue open neck sport shirt and
blue light weight slacks.   Once I was dressed and looked in the mirror I was
amazed.  I looked like a million bucks and even felt like it.  

After choosing my clothes Pat hip hopped down to his room, stark naked of
course, to get dressed.

I went out to the living room, where a table had been brought in and set for
breakfast.  Charlie and Sam, (Mr. Sebastion), complimented me on how good I
looked this morning.   I blushed of course as I thanked them for the compliment.

I was just sitting down when Pat entered the room, hot damn, he was wearing
exactly the same outfit he had picked for me.

"Oh gawd help me," Charlie remarked, "the fucking Bobsy Twins."

Then he and Sam howled in laughter.

"Laugh you to old perverts, I'll get my own just wait and see." Pat laughed back
as he took a seat next to me.

A large silver pot of coffee sat in the middle of the table and Pat poured for
the both of us.   There was a large platter of cut up fresh fruit and all
different kinds of sweet buns.   Charlie told us that a proper breakfast was on
the way, should be here any moment.

Pat and I grabbed a bit of the fresh fruit anyway and nibbled while we waited. 
It seems everyone was in a good mood this morning.    Last night must have been
a big success.

Breakfast was slow and leisurely, we had plenty of time.   A slave Steward I
hadn't seen before came and refilled the coffee pot a couple of times.   We
nibbled and chatted and just generally made good company while we ate.   It was
probably the most relaxed meal I had ever had with Charlie.

When breakfast was finished and we couldn't hold anymore coffee, Charlie
suggested we head out to the plane.  He told me we could stop at a souvenir shop
if I wished to get a souvenir of Australia.

I said I didn't have any money to buy souvenirs or anything else for that
matter.  His reply was typical for Charlie.

"Slaves don't need money, Harold.   Their Master's will buy them anything and
everything they need.   If you get down on your knees and grovel hard enough
I'll buy you anything in the damned store."  he said breaking into uproarious
laughter.

Sam and Pat thought it was funny as well.    I had to admit it was funny, in a
Charlie sort of way, so I joined in.

"I'm really not into souvenir collecting, Sir." I answered.  "I am more into
memories and I have a whole cartload from Australia."

Well this only caused more laughter, so much in fact that Charlie had tears in
his eyes.

The nice thing about travelling with Charlie was that one did not have to worry
about packing.   There was nothing to pack.   Everything we needed was available
wherever we went.    We all just got up from the breakfast table and went down
to the limo which was waiting outside for us.  No bags, no baggage, no fuse.

Charlie got the driver to take us to the airport via the scenic route.   Every
once in a while Charlie would see something that he wanted to see closer up and
the driver would take us.  It took damned near the whole two hours we had left,
to get to the airport, but we had a hell of a good time along the way.

True to his word he had the driver stop at a souvenir shop and he hounded me to
get a souvenir.   I finally settled for a white "T" shirt that had the
Australian flag on the front and on the back an image of a bed with two heads
under a blanket with the words,  "Aussies do it better, down-under" in a kind of
circle around the image.   I thought that was most appropriate under the
circumstances.

Steven greeted us as we boarded the aircraft, dressed in the standard Steward's
uniform for the airline.  Charlie had purchased something at the souvenir shop
and had the store wrap it in fancy paper.   He handed the parcel to Steven as he
got on.

"A little something for you Steven, you have been doing a great job lad and it
is appreciated." he said with a smile.

Steven thanked him and gave a little bow.  I thought to myself, damned if
Charlie doesn't have a heart after all.   Then I remembered the nice room he had
given me back home when he was happy with my performance.

Pat and Sam each had small gifts for Steven as well.   All of a sudden I felt
like hell because I had never thought to get him something.  Luckily I am a
quick thinker.   I was the last one in and I bent close and whispered.

"Come to my room after you get everyone settled in and I'll give you my little
thank you, gift."

He smiled, his eyes sparkling. 

"Yes, Sir."

I continued on into the aircraft, quite satisfied with myself.

"Your going to have a problem there, Harold." Pat turned to me and said, once we
were of out Steven's ear shot.

"Huh?" I asked confused about what he meant.

"Once we are in the air, Steven becomes totally subservient.  It is his job to
please you, not the other way round." he said, almost in a whisper.

"But how did you know?" I asked dumfounded.

"Oh, poor Harold,  you still don't know much about the Master/slave system, but
don't worry you will learn."  he laughed.

I think my face may have turned a little red.   But I really wondered how he
knew what I had said to Steven, and I hoped to hell Charlie didn't.


"Well I sure hope I learn before I dig too many more holes." I giggled. 

"As for Steven, I will just have to make sure that he understands that the only
thing that will please me is to let me do what I want."  I said, looking at him
with a mischievous grin.

"That might work." he replied and then started laughing.

"Damned right it will work." I came back.

We all went up to the upper level, cold drinks and a light snack had been
prepared for us.

I was thrilled to see cans of ice cold coke in the large ice bucket.   Charlie
and Sam each grabbed a beer, Pat pulled out a Cream soda.   There were doughnuts
on a side tray.   I grabbed a Boston Cream, my favorite and went and sat down in
an easy chair.  I began to stuff my face right away.

This really was the life, I had never known such luxury.   If only it could
always be this way, but I knew without doubt that Charlie would have other
little old nasties up his sleeve for me.

We sat and talked as we waited for our departure time to arrive.   Due to the
heavy traffic in and out of Sidney it was necessary to book the take off time at
least twenty-four hours in advance.  Our ten am departure time was chosen to
give us plenty of leeway should something come up, otherwise we could end up
having to wait another twenty four hours before we could leave.

Just prior to take off Steven appeared to give the airline spiel and make sure
our seat belts were fastened.   It seemed so strange to be wearing a seat belt
in an easy chair.  I suppose the rich and famous get used to it.

Take off went without a hitch and within 20 minutes we were at cruising
altitude.  Steven reappeared naked.   He entered the room and got down on his
knees, his head bent to the floor. 

"Sir's, the pilot wishes Sir's to know our estimated arrival time at Heathrow
London is fifteen hours, forty-five minutes."

"Thank you, Steven." Charlie said.

"I think it would be ok for you to join Harold in his room now." he looked at me
and smirked.

I of course went red in the face.

"You can not hide anything from me, Harold.  You ought to know that by now." he
said laughing.

"Is my room bugged, Sir?" I asked.

"Mmmm, well yeah, I guess you could call it that." he replied grinning.

"Would it be possible to turn it off for about an hour, Sir?"  I asked
hopefully.

"Now why would you want me to do that, Harold?" he asked his grin even wider
than before.

"Well Sir, last night you told me I had done an excellent job and you rewarded
me.   I appreciated that reward very much, Sir.   Steven was very good to me
back in Sidney, he did an excellent job and I would like to reward him.  
However I don't think I could do it or that he could except it if we knew we
were being overheard or observed."  I replied boldly.

"Well now, very well put, Harold.  I think I am inclined to agree with you.  Pat
have security turn off the monitoring in Harold's room from now until, oh let's
say two hours from now.   Will that be enough time for you to show your... ah...
gratitude, Harold?" he asked still grinning.

"Yes, Sir.  Thank you very much Sir." I replied.

"Think nothing of it, Harold.  I am always happy to oblige."

I got up out of the chair, grabbed a couple of cold cokes from the ice chest and
told Steven to follow me, which he did.

As we climbed down the stairs and made our way to my room.   I wondered why in
the hell we were going to London.   I thought we were heading home.   Well at
least London was only about six hours by air from Toronto, so we would be much
closer.

As soon as we were in my room I closed the door.  Knowing Pat, he would have had
security shut off the monitoring right away so I felt safe.

"Steven, until we leave this room you are no longer a slave.   That is not only
my wish, it is my direct order to you.   You heard Charlie, he has had the
monitoring shut off.   For the next two hours the world only consists of you and
me." I said hoping the fucking monitors really were shut down.

"I don't know if I should do this, Sir.  I love my job and don't want to do
anything that might cause me to loose it."   he was sounding really frightened.

"Steven, Charlie knows exactly why I wanted this and if you listened to what he
said, you know that he has given his approval.   He has given us two hours to be
just two young guys out for a good time."  I was trying hard to convince him,
but I could still see some reluctance.

There was only one thing for it.

"Steven please wait here I will be right back." I said, it was time to bring on
the big guns.

I quickly headed up to the upper deck.  Pat was getting a drink from the cooler. 
I walked right over to him and he looked at me in surprise.

"Pat I need your help.   Steven is scared to death he will loose his job if he
accedes to my wishes.   Would you please come down and tell him that it is safe
to do whatever I want for the next two hours."  I asked desperately.

He looked at me deadpan for a few moments and I thought for just a second that
he was going to say no.  But then a smile appeared.

"Ok." he said.

He headed for the stairs without another word with me hot on his tail.

"Me thinks Harold is having trouble with one of our highly trained slaves."
Charlie said loud enough for me to hear.

Ok Charlie, you knew this was going to happen, why didn't you say something to
Steven to set his mind at ease, I thought.  Ah, just being Charlie, I answered
myself and smiled as I followed Pat down the stairs.

At the door to my room he told me to give him just a few moments alone with
Steven.  He went in and closed the door, I started to pace back and forth.   He
was only in there maybe two minutes.  He came out with a smile.

"Ok, Harold it's all fixed up and the monitor is off in your room.  Have fun."
he said and headed back to the stairs.

"Thanks Pat." I called to his retreating back. 

He just raised a hand and waved.  In a great mood I opened the door and
reentered my room.

"How the hell did you pull this off, Harold?"  Steven asked as soon as I had
closed the door.

"To be perfectly honest, I haven't got a clue.   I just took a chance and it
worked.  Now it seems to me, I owe you for a great time yesterday.   I met this
guy last night, by the name of Tyrone and he taught me a whole pantry full of
new tricks.   Would you like to play?" I asked as I stripped off my clothes.

"Fucking A." was Steven's response.

"Better set that clock for an hour and a half from now." I said to Steven.

"The last thing in the world we want to do is go over the time he has given us."

"You got that right, man."  he said, heading for the electric clock on the
bedside table.  While Steven set the clock I moved to the centre of the bed.  As
soon as he finished he joined me and we embraced.

Steven was a very gentle lover.  He worked slow and made everything sensual. 
The touch of his hands to my skin was light and airy, never hard or firm.    His
touch sent thrills all through me.

Steven was almost a replica of me, physically.   However he had hazel eyes that
seemed to look right into your soul.  His skin was soft and smooth and of course
like most slaves he was completely hairless except for the short, dark brown
hair on his head.

He was tanned a golden brown and I expect he spent a considerable amount of time
either on sunny beaches or under a heat lamp.  He was muscular, but not overly
so.   His body was firm, he did work out regularly, that was obvious.

As we kissed my hand went down and wrapped around his now fully erect dick.  It
was uncut and I estimated about six and a half inches long and average in
circumference just like me.    His nuts were fairly large, much larger than mine
and they rested in a low hanger sac.  I knew that from watching him waltz around
the aircraft nude.

After kissing for a while I figured it was time to give Steven his reward.  I
pulled my face away from his.

"Gonna try to give you a trip like you never had before Steven, just enjoy, this
on is on me." I whispered as I headed toward his cock, which was waving proudly
in the air.

"Let's 69." he said.

"Later, guy.   Right now I wanna give you my present."  I insisted and moved to
his chest.  

I licked and sucked on his areola's and nipples, just as Tyrone had done to me.  
Then moved to his button, his was an outty.  He didn't seem to be as sensitive
there as I was so I didn't waste time.

I kissed gently across his abs heading for his pubs and when I got there, began
to lick with my full tongue just as Tyrone had done.    That caused an immediate
reaction from Steven.   He let out a groan of pleasure.

"Ohhhhhh shit man that feels so fucking good.  Ohhhhh mannnnn yeahhhhhh."

I continued to lick making sure every square inch of his pubs got to feel my hot
tongue.   Then it was down the sides and under his balls.   I lifted them high
and licked thoroughly in that little warm place between asshole and nuts.  
Tyrone had near drove me to distraction when he did me there.

By the reaction from Steven I figured I was driving him nuts as well and that
made me feel so good inside.  I really wanted him to enjoy and remember this.

From there I started on his nuts, licking the sac, then taking each nut one at a
time into my hot mouth, applying a bit of sucking pressure rhythmically on and
off.   He was moaning a groaning in ecstasy, from experience I knew exactly how
he felt.

His cock was throbbing and jumping around like mad.   Silver streams of precum
were flying all over the place.   Steven was ready to be sucked to heaven.  I
held on to his shaft to keep it from bouncing all over the fucking place as I
started to lick my way up.

When I reached the head, I flicked my tongue repeatedly against the underside.  
He was breathing so hard now I could hear the gasps for breath bouncing off the
cabin walls.   He was also doing a lot of rocking and I think a lot of will
power was being expended to keep from thrusting his hips up into my face.

The time had come to take his dick in my mouth and begin a good face fuck.  I
took the head first and sucked on it for a bit, using my tongue to increase the
sensations.  Then began to take it further and further into my mouth.

When it hit the back of my mouth the gag reflex hit for a moment.   It only took
a couple of thrusts back and forth to overcome it.    Then it was time for the
big plunge.   I took a deep breath and pushed forward.   Steven's cock entered
my hot mouth, hit my tonsils and went sailing into my hot, eager throat.

Oh fuck I loved the feel of a throbbing cock in my throat.  I stopped moving for
a bit and just luxuriated in the feel of his dick.   But he didn't let me stop
for long, he began to involuntarily thrust his hips up.   So together we got
into a nice even rhythm.     I was in my glory and I knew Steven was as well.

Well Steven I thought to myself, I don't think there is a damned thing in
Australia that I could have purchased for you that could beat this.

Steven was moaning and throwing his head from side to side.   His breath coming
in rasps as he received and I hoped enjoyed my gift. 

I moved a hand up and began to massage his balls lightly.  Steven seemed to
really enjoy light touches and liked having his nuts massaged, I could tell from
the way the damned things started moving all over the place.   It was as though
they suddenly had taken on a life of their own.

"Ah...ah..ah.oh...oh...oh... ah..ah..oh" the moans got closer together and
louder.  

Steven was having the time of his life, I just knew it.  I picked up the pace of
my thrusting face and felt his cock react by momentarily increasing in size.  
His nuts were moving around even more erratically than before.

Steven was about to let loose with a fuselage of his hot cream and I wanted it
all, every last drop.   I picked up the pace again and his hips involuntarily
increased their thrusting to keep pace with mine.    His balls suddenly tighten
and rose high in his sac,  Steven was about to blow.

My tongue was frantically swirling around his cock as it plunged in and out of
my mouth.  

"Ohhhhhhh yeeeeeeessssssssssssss." Steven screamed out and at the same time
filled my mouth with his cream, I swallowed quickly, just as his cock plunged
down my throat again.

He let loose a load while his cock was at the bottom of the plunge.   I could
feel it move along his urethra before it erupted into my throat.   He pulled out
as his juice was still pumping out.   Back in my  mouth, another load let loose
and I managed to swallow some before that beautiful phallus was sliding down my
throat again.

Steven let off six good loads before he was finally sated.   I pushed down on
his cock and held it in my throat for as long as I could, just luxuriating in
the feel of having it down there.   But as I have said before all good things
come to an end and I pulled back and off his now deflating dick.

Steven head was still rocking back and forth and his breath was raspy.

"Oh, man, oh, man, oh, man." he kept repeating over and over.

I looked at his beautiful, boyish face and smiled.   Well that is one gift he
won't forget for a while.  Then I climbed up beside him and waited for his
systems to calm down.   My right hand rubbing his chest lightly.

He was warm and there was a very fine film of sweat on his chest.   He finally
stopped rocking his head back and forth and his breathing returned pretty much
to normal.

"Was the practice run ok?" I asked grinning.

"If that was the practice I sure want to see want happens during the real thing. 
You really know how to make a guy cum, Harold.  Where the hell did you learn all
this, are you a Pro.?" he asked with a smile.

"Well I try very hard to please those I like.   No, I am not a Pro, Charlie has
sent me to visit some people that really know their stuff.   I just kind of
picked up on it." I replied.

"Well you sure as hell pleased me, thanks.  Let me get everything calmed down
and I will reciprocate."  he said.

"We still got lots of time and now that I have given you my gift we can just do
whatever the hell we want." I replied

"Well I gotta tell ya, Harold, it's the best damned gift any passenger has ever
given me.  I sure as hell ain't never gonna forget it."

"Good, that's what I was hoping for." I replied.

During the next hour we took turns being bottom and top.   Steven wanted to
screw my pussy and I decided it might be fun to screw his, so we did and it was
fun.

We both then jumped into the shower and gave each other a good scrub down.  Once
we were dried and back in the bedroom we only had about ten minutes of our two
hours left.   I thanked Steven profoundly for the good time I had had in
Australia and told him that if he ever got a chance to visit Toronto to let me
know.   I was sure I could get Charlie to let me give him a good time.

He thanked me as well, we kissed and then he got down on his knees, looked at
the floor and said:

"Will there be anything else, Sir."

"No Steven, not at the moment.  Thank you."

"You are most welcome, Sir.   Dinner will be served on the upper deck in thirty
minutes, Sir."

"Thank you, Steven.   You may go."

He rose, still looking at the floor, opened the door and left, closing the door
quietly behind him.  I went back to the bed and sat down, tears formed in my
eyes and were soon cascading down my cheeks.

I had lived in Toronto for three years on my own.   In that time I could not
find anyone that cared a damn about me,  nor did I ever find one that wanted
much to do with me.  I had longed and longed for someone like Pat or Allen or
Steven, but I was always alone.  Now that I was a slave and my life controlled,
I seemed to be finding guys everywhere, that I cared about and that cared about
me.  But now, because of the controls, I could not have them with me all the
time.  Damn, life seemed so bloody unfair.

There was a soft tap at the door and I called come in.   The door opened and Pat
peeked his head in.   I was busy trying to wipe away the tears but was not fast
enough.

"What's wrong, Harold?" Pat asked in concern.

"Didn't your time with Steven go well?"

"No on the contrary, it went too well.   Pat all I ever wanted in life was to
have a man I could love.  To share his joys and his sorrows, his accomplishments
and his defeats.  To be there when he needed someone to talk to.  To cook for
him and keep house, to be his lover and his friend.   Before Charlie took me, I
was alone, I had no one.   Now I have met guys that I care for and I know they
care for me, but I still don't have what I really want and am so afraid I never
will."  I started to cry again.

He came over, sat down beside me and took me in his strong arms.

"Do you have someone in particular in mind?  Steven or Allen, perhaps?" he asked
quietly.

I looked into his beautiful eyes, tears still rolling down my cheeks.

"You, Pat." I answered, "You are the man I want.  I love you so much it hurts."

He pulled me close and rocked me gently.  

"Well I don't think we will ever be able to live the way you want, Harold.  
However, when we get home you can move in with me.   I am away a lot on
business, but when I am there you can do all the things your heart desires.  You
see Harold, I am also very much in love with you."  he said it in the most
sincere voice I had ever heard.

I pulled him even closer and we kissed.  He didn't let it go for long though.  

"Wipe your tears, Harold, we have to go up top for lunch.  You don't want to be
giving Charlie any ammunition to torment you."  he said wiping a tear from my
cheek.

"Right, steady as a rock, that's me." I said smiling.

We got up off the bed, I grabbed a tissue from the box beside the bed and wiped
my eyes and blew my nose.  I tossed the soiled tissue in the wastebasket and we
headed out the door.  I was a very happy man, for the first time, Pat had told
me he loved me and I was going to get to live with him when we got home.  What
more could I ask for?

As we climbed the stairs I remembered that we were heading for London.   That
got me wondering, why?   I hoped that whatever it was for, it didn't include
more of Charlie's damned games.  Maybe if he was in a good mood I could get to
see some of the sights of London.

A large dining room table had been set up in the centre of the room.   Some of
the easy chairs had been moved and were against one side.   The next thing I
noticed was that the table had been set for five.   But the only people that I
knew were are board were Charlie, Sam, Pat and I, well there was Steven as well,
but I was sure Charlie would not be letting Steven have lunch with us.

There had to be another passenger, but I had not seen hide-nor-hair of him.   It
also had to be, a him, because Charlie never, ever, had women around.  Charlie's
life was an, all male life, I was positive of that.

Pat solved the mystery right away.

"Ah, table is set for five.   I guess Tyrone is going to join us for lunch.   He
has a performance tonight in London, I thought he would most likely sleep all
day, but I guess not."

"Tyrone!" was all I could manage.

"Yeah, part of the deal he had with Charlie to perform last night was that we
fly him back to London.   He has a special engagement at a private all men's
club to perform for three nights starting tonight."

"Charlie is not going to involve me in this is he Pat?" I asked a bit worried.

"I don't know, Harold, he hasn't said anything.   But you know Charlie, when he
is ready to tell you something, he tells, until then you just wait and see." he
grinned.

"Your a big help." I answered sourly.

"Ah, but Harold, just think about how exciting life has been since you came to
join us.    Always something new, surprises up the Ying yang.  Can you honestly
say you want to go back to the life you had before?   Now Harold I mean be
honest here."  he asked looking at me with the most serious look I had ever seen
on his face.

I had to think, yeah I do a lot of complaining but would I really want to go
back to life before Charlie?   Could I really handle that sort of dull
existence, again?   Because that is what it was, existence.  Part of me
screamed, yes, loud and clear, while another part of me screamed just as loud,
don't be so fucking stupid, of course not.

I looked at Pat for another moment or two then answered:

"I honestly don't know Pat, emotionally I am in total turmoil.  Part of me is
saying yes while another part is saying no."

"I understand Harold.   But let me say this, if Charlie were to put you back in
your little apartment tomorrow, within a couple of days you would be hammering
on his door, begging him to let you back in.    Believe me Harold, you are now
part of this world, you can never go back to what you had.   Accept and enjoy
all the benefits that it offers, because when you get right down to the nitty
gritty, the benefits far outweigh the drawbacks." he explained in a soft voice.

"Life is full of positives and negatives, this life is no different.   But if
you really honestly sit down and look at what has been happening to you since
your arrival I am sure you will see that you have had many more positives then
negatives."

I didn't get a chance to reply because at that moment the office door opened and
Charlie and Sam entered the room.  They greeted us and came over and took seats
at the table.   A few moments later Tyrone entered from the stairs entrance.

Even in his off time, Tyrone was a walking hard on maker.   He was simply
gorgeous and exuded sex with every movement.   He was dressed in a skin tight,
black latex outfit.   His huge cock, even when flaccid was fully outlined down
the right leg of the trousers.   Even his hard little nipples were outlined
exquisitely on the latex shirt.   The whole damned thing set off by the fact the
latex sparkled and shone in the light.

My dick was throbbing within thirty seconds of his entering the room.  He just
exuded sex by his very presence.  Lunch lasted for almost an hour and a half and
my cock throbbed the whole time.    I had a large wet patch in the crotch from
all the precum I oozed during that meal.

Just watching the man lift a fork to his mouth was so fucking erotic I almost
came with each mouthful he took.  Pat didn't help things either, he noticed soon
after Tyrone had entered that my cock was up.   Every once in a while he would
drop his hand from the table, let it move over to my lap and rubbed my throbbing
cock.

I don't know how I managed to stifle the moans that were just aching to escape
from my throat.   The other problem was trying to hold my breathing in check, so
I wouldn't give it a way that I was hot.

Each time his hand rubbed my cock, Pat would turn and look at me, then ask a
dumb question.    It became a real effort just to figure out what the hell he
was saying and then try and give an intelligent reply.

As we got close to the end of the meal I began to wonder how the hell I was
going to get away from the table without Charlie noticing that my crotch was
soaked.  I thought about accidentally on purpose spilling a glass of water down
my front, but though I did try a couple of times, Pat seemed to sense what I was
about and at the last moment saved the water glass by picking it up and putting
it out of reach.   He would then give me an innocent smile.   He really was
enjoying himself.

Tyrone was the first to ask to be excused from the table.   He wanted to go back
and sleep for a few more hours.   He got up and the first thing I noticed was
that his cock was fully erect and showed plainly through those trousers.    I
almost came right there and then, it was only shear will power that saved me.

He bid us each good afternoon then turned and walked out swinging that perfect
bubble butt.   Each step and swing of the hips caused that butt to beckon me to,
come kiss, come kiss.  I lost another gallon of precum just on his walking to
the fucking stairs.

I was hoping that Charlie and Sam would get up now and head back to the office. 
But they gave no indication they were ready for that.

"Maybe we should go have a nap as well Harold." Pat said slyly.

The bugger was going to try and get me to stand up and let Charlie see my wet
crotch.   I began to wonder, whose side is he on anyway? 

"Oh not yet Pat." I answered quickly.

"I think I would like another dish of that fresh fruit."  and I leaned over to
fill my bowl from the large bowl in the centre of the table.

I was stuffed.  The last thing in the world I wanted right now was more food.  
What I wanted was for Charlie to leave.   But he just sat there babbling away to
Sam.  I looked at Pat and pleaded with him, using my eyes to say please help me
out of this situation.

He read that plea and said:

"Ok, but it will cost you."  Charlie may have heard the comment but didn't pay
any attention.

"Anything." I replied quickly.

He gave me a big smile then moved his hand quickly across the table and sent my
bowl of fresh, cold fruit tumbling into my lap.   I jumped up from the cold
juice that went through the light material of my trousers and saturated my cock
and balls.

"Oh gees, I am so sorry Harold.  How clumsy of me." Pat said getting up and
holding a cloth table napkin to my crotch.

"We better get you down to your room and changed.   I'll just hold this napkin
here to keep you from dribbling juice all over the deck." he said with a smile.

"I have a better idea," Charlie piped up.

"Take the fucking cum soaked pants off here.   Don't know what I am going to do
with you Harold.   Shit you can't even have a quiet lunch with out getting all
sexed up."

I turned red and tried to stammer that it wasn't true, but gave it up as a lost
cause.   I unfastened my belt and dropped my trousers.   I released the thong,
it too was soaked.  My cock popped right up and Charlie and Sam smiled.

"Better take him to his room and look after that thing, Pat.   He is fucking
dangerous." and he broke out into hysterical laughter.

Tears of humiliation formed in my eyes as I picked up my wet pants and thong and
with a naked bottom, followed Pat to the stairs.  

I had been up and down the stairs to the upper deck at least a dozen times since
boarding this aircraft.   I had never, ever met anyone along the way to my cabin
before.   This time, with my lower half  naked and a raging hard on protruding
from my crotch, what happens?   You guessed it.

Right at the bottom of the stairs, two of the flight crew are talking quietly
and drinking coffee.   I didn't see them until I was almost all the way down.

One of them looked me right in the eye and said:

"Hey Bert, its Harold and his uncontrollable cock."

The other one turned and looked at me.   I became so flustered I almost fell
down the rest of the stairs.   Pat grabbed hold to steady me.

"Hi Harold." the one name Bert greeted.

"Shit man, your cock looks even better close up then it did on that stage last
night.   I wouldn't mind bedding you some time myself."

This of course just caused me to become even more flustered and my cock to throb
all the more.   Pat, please get me back to my room, I screamed out in my mind. 
I guess he must have heard my inner cry for help and felt sorry for me.

"Afraid Harold is in a real dither guys, Tyrone just did a number on him.   You
know what it is like."  he said slyly.

"Oh you poor lad, better get him to his room and take care of him Pat, before he
blows." and they both started laughing.

Pat herded me quickly down the passage and into my room.

"Get the rest of your stuff off and get down to the shower Harold I will be with
you in a moment."  he said as he started to undress.

I kicked off my shoes, peeled off my socks and pulled my shirt over my head.  I
opened the door and scooted down the passage, bare ass'd naked to the shower
room.  I went in and turned on the water and was just climbing under when Pat
joined me.

"Shit you really like the fucking water hot don't you?" he complained.

"Ya, hot just like me." I smiled.

"How the hell did Charlie know?" I asked.

"Harold, there is one thing you better learn and learn it now, you can not fool
Charlie.   He has been reading men, just from the looks on their faces for
years.   You might even say he is an expert.  Of course everyone at the table
knew exactly the effect Tyrone was having on you, even Tyrone, because your face
gave it all away." he laughed.

That caused me to blush, but not for long as his hand wrapped around my
throbbing dick and his lips moved to mine.  It was a deep, sensual kiss, gentle
and loving.  

We broke off and he gave me a quick soap down and I him.   We rinsed, turned off
the water, grabbed a couple of towels and dried each other.   Then it was a
quick scoot down the hall again to my room.

I ran and jumped onto my bed and flipped over on my back.    My cock was still
standing straight up waving as Pat flew through the air to join me.  He crawled
on top and we kissed again.   I could feel his dick growing harder against my
abs.

He finally broke off the kiss and had me raise my legs,  I knew what was coming.  
He wanted to do my pussy.   He didn't waste any time with formalities.   He
shimmied right up to my behind and pushed his cockhead against my rosebud.

He worked it up and down to spread his precum around, to make entry smoother. He
knew from experience that once he opened my sphincter I would be wet enough for
the rest of his dick to just slide right in.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh." I groaned as his cock entered my hot chamber and pushed against
my prostate almost immediately.

He began a gentle pumping action all the way in, all the way out.    He brought
his hands forward and began massaging and pinching my nipples.   I was floating
in heaven.

"A little secret, Harold.   You are not the only one that was turned on by
Tyrone.   He is one hot dude." he laughed as he humped my buns.

The door to my room opened, but Pat never missed a beat.   I couldn't see around
Pat so did not know who it was.  Pat didn't seem to give a shit he just kept on
pounding my ass with his gentle strokes.

"Over here Steven.   We have a passenger with one hell of a big hard on that
needs some attention." Pat said, looking at me and smiling.

"You planned all this didn't you." I accused, but grinning from ear to ear.

"Moi!!!  Now do you really think I would do something like that?" he asked in a
mock hurt tone.

"Mmmmm......yup..... me thinks so." I answered with a laugh.

Steven came right over to the bed, crawled up and got his head down to my cock.  
He began by doing to me what I had done to him earlier.   He started licking my
pubs, I hadn't expected him to do that and nearly went through the roof in
pleasure.  The feeling of that hot tongue licking my pubs while a hard cock was
hammering my rear was just the greatest.

I was the one throwing my head back and forth now and making all kinds of
obscene noises.

"Ahhh.....oohhhh.....yesssss.... ah ooh ..  yesss oh man that is fucking good
don't stop.   Oh fuck yes."

Steven had gone down around my nuts and was awfully close to Pat's plunging
pubs.   I was surprised he was even able to get down there, but he did.   After
doing a number on my nuts that just about made me blow, he worked his way back
to my cock.

Steven was very good.   He worked my shaft and cockhead, while Pat continued to
pound my ass.   I couldn't have asked for more than this, oh what a life.   Pat
was right, the positives definitely out weighed the negatives.

Steven took my cockhead in his mouth and in one full swoop plunged down, driving
my long suffering, throbbing, precum soaked cock, all the way down his throat.

"Ayiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeee.   Oh man, oh man,  oh man."  I screamed out.

He then lifted his leg and brought himself over top of me.   His throbbing dick
was now right in front of my face, his big balls lying on my chin.   I flicked
my tongue out against his balls, lifted my hands up to his ass and pulled the
beautiful piece of man meat closer to my aching lips.

Steven had set up a rhythm in time with Pat's so I wasted no time in doing the
same with Stevens pulsing phallus.   My hands rubbing his smooth bubble butt.  I
had to work fast to get Steven up to the same point I figured Pat and I were at.

Oh gawd I loved the feel of that cock sliding in and out of my throat.   The
taste of him, the smell of him.   One of my wandering hands found his rose bud
and I began swirling a finger around the rim of his love hole.   I felt his cock
contract in my throat and knew I had pushed a button.

I had been so high for so long now that I just couldn't hold back any longer.  
Pat's cock pounding my rear, Steven's face fucking itself on my cock and me
fucking my face on his, just overwhelmed me and I began to let loose my load.

I tried to yell out my pleasure, but Steven's cock was deep in my throat and it
took all the vibration.   Pat must have felt me begin to release because he
followed suite,  then Steven began to let loose down my throat.

So there the three of us were blowing loads and having one hell of a great time.  
When it was all over Steven pulled back and got off the bed.   I just lay there
exhausted.  I heard Pat thank Steven and then he was lying beside me.
A few moments later I was fast asleep.

I slept like a rock, never heard a thing until Pat shook me awake.

"Wake up Harold it is almost dinner time.  Charlie wants a formal dinner so we
have to get dressed up."

I opened my eyes and yawned.

"What time is it?" I asked trying to stifle another yawn.

"Well now that depends on what time you are talking about." he said with a
smile.

"Huh?" I mumble a bit confused.

"Well if you use Aussie time it is six pm, the time in the time zone we now
occupy is 4 pm, and just incase you are interested it is 8 am in London." he
answered with a smile.

"You mean we are going backward in time?" I asked even more bloody confused than
before.

"You got it kiddo." he smiled.

"We shall be landing at Heathrow at approximately three forty-five in the
afternoon, which means our fifteen hour flight from Australia only took five
hours, now ain't that amazing." he laughed.

"If you say so, now what is this formal shit that Charlie wants us to get into.  
Another do it to Harold thing, I'll bet." I said yawning again.

"Now Harold whatever in the world would give you an idea like that." he laughed.

"Oh I don't know, call it male intuition." I replied throwing a pillow at him.

He caught the pillow and heaved it back.  

"Now quit arseing around.   We have to get your wardrobe and get you dressed.  
Steven will be in shortly to help you.   Then he will take you to the dining
room.   I have to be on the upper deck for cocktails by six thirty."

"Ok, spoil sport." I gave a mock pout.

I got up off the bed and went with him over to the wardrobe.   He pulled out a
blue garment bag, that I will swear was not in there earlier and handed it to
me.

"Lay this stuff out on the bed in preparation.    That will save a lot of time,
Steven should only be a few moments.   He is in with Tyrone right now."  he
said.

"Ok." I answered unzipping the bag and laying it on the bed.

I pulled it open and saw that it was a black latex outfit.  Right away the
warning bells went off in my head.

"Is this going to be a repeat of last night, Pat." I asked.

"Nope, this will be completely different.  If you relax you will have a hell of
a good time, otherwise you might not like it all that much." he said with a
grin.

"Ah, come on Pat he is not going to centre shot me again is he?" I whined.

"Mmmmm, well can't lie to you, Harold, the answer is, yes.    But as I said, if
you relax you will have a great time.   If you make yourself up tight you won't. 
Simple as that." and he grinned again.

"Well what the hell is he going to do to me this time?"  I asked a bit of
nervousness creeping into my voice.

"Can't tell you, it would spoil the fun.  And don't bother trying to get Steven
or any of the other slaves to tell you, because they won't." he walked over to
me and placed his hands on my shoulders.

"Relax Harold, it will be fun." he said then kissed me.

"I have to go, I will see you at the dinner."

"Ok." I replied feeling a bit down and apprehensive.

Steven knocked just a moment or two after Pat left.  He was naked and on his
knees when he opened the door.

"Permission to enter, Sir."  he requested.

"By all means Steven, come on in."  I answered.

"Is Sir, ready to be dressed?" he asked respectfully.

"Yes, I guess we better get to it.  I take it I am to be the floor show again."
I answered dejectedly.

"I wouldn't know, Sir.   I have only been ordered to help you dress and take you
to the dining room for preparation, Sir."

Damned I hated it when he was locked in this servitude role.   It was like
talking to a machine.   He was all business.   The first thing he did was check
each piece and make sure it was ok.  

"Would, Sir like me to help Sir remove his clothes or would Sir prefer to do it
himself?" he asked.

"I'll get it Steven." I replied quickly doffing my duds.

Steven picked up a little black strap thing from the bed and came over to me.  
He got down on his knees and asked me to spread my legs apart.  Well I don't
know about you, but when a good looking, naked guy, whom I happen to know is
great with his mouth, kneels in front of me and asks me to spread my legs, my
cock rises to the occasion.

He shot a quick look up at me quickly and smiled.   Then proceeded to place the
little strap thing around the root of my cock and balls.  The thicker part of
the strap went around the ball sac and another strap separated the balls.   It
was an odd feeling.  I looked down and my package was now sticking out from my
body, and would continue to stick out even after I lost the hard on.

Steven got up and went back to the bed and picked up the latex outfit.

"This is one piece Sir and can be a bit of a problem trying to get on, you will
find it is very, very tight.   We should start with your feet and work upwards,
it is by far the easiest way.   Would that be ok, Sir." he asked.

"Lead on Steven, you know more about this than I do.   Whatever you think best."
I replied.

"If Sir will lean forward and put his hands on my back to steady himself, then
raise his left leg we will start there."

I did as he told me.   I raised my left leg off the floor so he could work my
left foot into to the foot part of the outfit.  It was cold to the touch, but
warmed quickly when it came in contact with my body.

Once the left foot was in he had me lift the right and pulled the outfit onto my
right foot.   With both feet planted firmly on the floor I stood up straight and
moved my legs apart slightly.

Steven worked the suit up each leg, keeping it taunt all the way.   He told me
that it was much easier to keep it taunt and avoid wrinkles then to try and go
back later to work the wrinkles or air pockets out.

When he got to my crotch it became a bit unpleasant.  My cock and nuts had to
fit through a hole, but the damned hole was not all that big.   I still had a
hard on and it took some effort on Steven's part and a bit of pain on my part
before we managed to get both through the hole.  I definitely did not like
having my jewels protruding through that hole, it was not at all comfortable.

Steven continued to pull the outfit up over my abs.  At this point it became a
little easier because the back was open all the way down to just above my ass
crack.  I could just imagine how my bubble butt would look encased in this
latex.   The thought made my cock jump.

Steven then pulled the outfit straight out from me, in the front.   He told me
to work my arms into the sleeves and get my fingers into the glove portion. 
That was a hell of a lot easier said then done.   The latex had a tendency to
stick to my body and resist against my skin as I tried to work my arms down the
sleeve.

Once each arm was well into the sleeve, Steven let go of the neck and helped me
work my hands down into the glove.  It was then a tight pull up over my
shoulders and the outfit was almost on. 

All Steven had to do now was get it to close in the back.   It was designed to
have an invisible join once pulled together.   Velcro was the fastener, but the
latex along the edge of the join had been specially treated.   All Steven had to
do once the edges were fastened was rub his hand down the seam and it two edges
stuck together and the seam disappeared.

The outfit was tight, very tight.  It was like having a second skin.   My
muscles moved under the material and each movement showed.  It was while
checking the fit out that I noticed just how well this outfit had been made.  
Holes had been cut for my nipples to poke through and they did, exactly in the
right position.  The tight pull of the material across my pecs caused the
nipples to actually poke right out.

I walked over and had a look in the mirror, oh man,  it sure was sexy.  My cock
was throbbing even harder just looking at myself.  I turned back to Steven.

"Are you permitted to help me get rid of this." I asked, pointing to my
throbbing dick.

"Have not been told I couldn't, Sir." he replied.

"Well Steven would you please help me get rid of it before you finish the
dressing." I asked.

"Yes Sir." he answered enthusiastically as he got down on his knees again.

While Steven sucked me and emptied my nuts, I rubbed and played with my nipples
and moaned in delight.   It didn't take long and Steven slurped down all my man
juice, not losing a drop.

My cock now hung limp and felt much better.   Not so much pressure around the
hole in the suit.

All that was left to finish dressing me was a black hood.  Steven got behind and
pulled it over my head.   It was a one piece affair that had a lot of stretch. 
Once it was on it sealed itself at the neck.  There was an opening for my mouth,
two holes for my nose and two for my eyes.   Again the hood fit like a second
skin.

I took another look in the mirror and again was amazed I was a walking black
hard on looking for a place to happen.

"The time is getting on, Sir.   We better get you out to the dining room and get
you prepared.  Wouldn't want to be late, Sir." he said.

"Lead on Steven, I take it my cock does not get covered."

"No Sir, it stays on display."

Damn, I thought.

The dining room turned out to be right behind the small lounge that Pat and I
had sat in when we first boarded this plane back at the hospital.  

The first thing I noticed when I walked in the dining room was that the table
was set for eight.    There must be more people on board then I realized.

There were two other slaves waiting for us.   They dropped to their knees as
soon as I entered.   Steven took me over to one side of the table.  Spread out
on the floor was a large black leather harness.   It looked something like the
one that Dickie had suspend me in, back at Master Dieter's.   I suddenly had a
very bad feeling.

"Your going to suspend me, aren't you Steven!" I stated.

"Yes, I am afraid so Sir.   Master's orders, Sir." he replied.

"Very well what do you want me to do?"  I asked.

I decided it would do me no good to fight it, if Charlie wanted me suspended
then I would be suspended.  I could do it the hard way or the easy way, I
decided the easy way would be best, so cooperated.

He had me lay down on the harness and he and the other two slave Stewards fooled
around getting the straps just so.  My arms were placed at my side.   A spreader
bar was attached to my ankles.   The straps were lifted and connected to  a
chain or chains from the ceiling, I really couldn't tell because I was lying
face down.

Once they had all the straps the way they wanted them and connected, the chains
began to lift and I was hoisted up.  What I didn't know at the time was that I
was to be the fucking chandelier for the table.

Once I was well off the floor they once again checked all the straps to make
sure they were placed exactly so.  I was then lifted higher and the whole thing
then was swung so I was hanging directly over the table.  Oh yes Pat, I thought,
I am going to have a wonderful time......... fucking not.

"Does it feel ok, Sir?" Steven asked.   "I mean nothing digging in or cutting
off circulation?"

"No it is ok Steven, actually if it weren't for the fact this is a dining room
and I am about to be humiliated again, I am quite comfortable."

"Yes Sir, the sling is very relaxing if the straps are positioned correctly.  
Are you sure none are digging in at all, even a little.   After an hour of
hanging there it could become quite painful."  he asked again.

"No nothing digging in at all, Steven."

"Ok Sir.   You should be fine then.   We are sorry, Sir, but we will have to
leave you.   We have to get everything ready to serve the meal Sir."  he said
apologetically.

"Ok, Steven and thanks for making sure I was ok, I appreciate it." I replied.

The three of them then got down on their knees.

"Permission to leave, Sir." Steven requested.

It seemed so damned incongruous, they had just trussed me up and hung me from
the fucking ceiling and now were asking my permission to leave my presence.   I
was never going to understand this slave thing.

"Permission granted." I replied.

The lads left the room and I was alone, hanging from the ceiling of an airplane,
over top of a dining room table, some thirty or forty thousand feet in the air
or gawd knows what country or ocean.  If anyone had ever told me that someday
this would happen to me I would have laughed and told them they were out of
their fucking minds.  Of course that was before I was kidnapped by Charlie.

Up to now the flight had been very smooth, I had not noticed any movement.  I
had not been hanging long before that changed.  At first it was a slight rocking
sensation, but that soon developed into a slight circular motion.  It had to
have been set up by the movements of the aircraft, because it was almost
impossible for me to move except my head.  The movement was quite relaxing.

There was another interesting thing.   The straps supporting my head must have
been connected to a spring.   I had complete range of motion, so I was able to
look all around.   When I wasn't moving my head the strap acted as a support so
my neck muscles wouldn't have to strain to keep my head up.  Well it was nice of
Charlie to at least have thought of that.

I looked down towards my legs and could see my flaccid dick hanging down and
behind it my trussed up nuts.  Why did he want my dick and nuts exposed I
wondered.   Mainly to humiliate me I guessed, same with my nipples, they were
really protruding from the holes now.   It almost seemed as if the damned things
were growing.   They looked kind of obscene, at least from my angle.

The time just seemed to drag and drag.   Where the hell were they?   How long
was I going to have to hang here?   What were they going to do to me?   The only
thing I was certain of was that it would not be anything damaging.   Charlie had
demonstrated that he didn't really want me physically hurt in any way.

It would most likely involve getting me hard and keeping me that way all through
the dinner.

Oh if I only had known how humiliating it was going to be I might not have been
so eager for them to get on with it.

As hard as it may be to believe, I was actually very comfortable hanging there. 
So comfortable in fact that I eventually started to fall asleep.   I think
Charlie had a monitor on watching just for that moment, because as soon as my
eyes closed they entered.

They were laughing and joking and carrying on.   The cocktails had done there
work and put them all in a very good mood.  They were all dressed in tuxedo's,
even Tyrone.   He was still a walking hard on maker.   He looked fucking
gorgeous and my dick started to harden.

Charlie sat at the head of the table, which just happened to be right below my
head.   I would be looking down on him the whole time. Pat sat on his right, Sam
on his left.   Next to Sam was one of the flight crew I had seen earlier, I
think his name was Bert.  He was a really good looking guy and if I remembered
correctly he had said he wouldn't mind bedding me.

The other three men that entered I had never seen before.  One sat next to Bert
and the other two on the same side of the table as Pat.

Once they were all seated Charlie looked up at me.

"Hello Harold." he said with a smile.

"Hello, Sir." I answered.

"Fancy finding you hanging around.   You look rather good up there and I see you
have the usual hard on.   That thing always seems to be out of control." 

I couldn't stop myself from looking down there.   A long silver string of precum
was dropping down from my now throbbing dick head.  I could feel my whole body
turn red in embarrassment.  

I watched mesmerized as it continued to stretch away down towards the table.  
Every eye at the table was watching it as well.  On the table right below my
dick rested an ornate, crystal statue of a naked male holding a tray above his
head.   On the tray rested a small crystal bowl.

That silver string of precum stretched and stretched away from my dick and soon
was touching right in the centre of that little bow.   It let go at my cock head
and dropped down into the bowl.   They all looked at me and applauded.  The
fucking bowl had been placed there specifically to catch my precum.

The first course was brought in by Steven and his two helpers.   From my vantage
point it looked like soup.   Bowls of the brownish coloured liquid was placed in
front of each person.   No one picked up a spoon to start eating, they seemed to
be waiting for something.

Once the soup had been placed, Steven and the other two servers left the room. 
Charlie looked up at me, smiled and said:

"Have you ever had cock soup, Harold?"

The question was totally unexpected so I was taken by surprise.

"Ah......no Sir, can't say that I have."

"Well that is what we are about to enjoy, but we need your help, Harold.   Cock
soup just wouldn't be cock soup unless it is stirred by a good hard cock.   Now
seeing as yours seems to be out of control again would you have any objections
if we used your cock to stir our soup?"  he asked in that damned fatherly tone.

Still really flummoxed by the question I replied:

"No I guess not Sir, it's not going to burn me is it, Sir?"

"No Harold it won't burn you, it is a cold soup.   It is really nice of you to
help us out Harold, but you will have to give each guest permission to use your
cock when they ask.  Ok?"

"Yes Sir." I said resigned to my fate.

"Harold may I have my soup stirred by your cock?" Charlie asked.

"Yes Sir, you may use my cock to stir your soup." I answered.

He lifted his bowl and handed it to Pat.  Pat handed it to the guy next to him.  
This guy was in the middle of the table and almost even with my cock.  He stood
up brought the bowl to my dick and dunked it into Charlie's soup and began to
swirl the bowl around stirring the soup.

Charlie had been right about the soup being cold, it was ice cold.   I didn't
think I would be able to maintain a hard on for very long if they kept dunking
it in this ice cold soup.......... 

How fucking wrong can one man be?

I felt hot fingers playing with my nuts and looked down.   Tyrone had got up and
was massaging my nuts while the other guy swirled the bowl around.  There
weren't no chance in hell my cock would go flaccid tonight.   Tyrone was going
to make sure of that.

He finally pulled the bowl away and it was passed back to Charlie.   Then it was
Pat's turn.

"Harold, may I have my soup stirred by your cock?" he asked.

"Yes Sir, you may use my cock to stir your soup."

This was done for everyone at the table.  Once everyone's soup had been stirred
by my cock, Charlie said:

"Bon appetite." and began to slurp his soup noisily.

They all then joined in, slurping and making it as noisy as possible.  It was
kind of funny and it was all I could do not to laugh.  I felt fingers around my
nuts again and looked back.  Tyrone had a bread roll in one hand and was doing
something with it.   I felt a funny feeling on my dick and he pulled his hands
away.   He had made a hole in the roll and had pushed my dick through it.

"Ah, now there is the original, Hot Dog." he said laughing and everyone joined
in.

I didn't think it was funny at all, I thought it was humiliating.   My cock on
the other hand thought this is great fun and began to release more precum.   The
head was sticking out one end of the roll and had a silver string heading
towards the crystal bow.

I hoped Tyrone would remove that damned roll before Steven and his helpers came
back into the room.   It was bad enough to have this done in front of Pat,  I
definitely did not want Steven to see it.  But when you are all trussed up in a
sling, unable to move, it don't matter what the fuck you want, you ain't gonna
get it.

But things were going to get even worse.  I didn't realize that although I was
hanging from the ceiling, I was still a guest at this dinner and would be fed as
well.  I found out soon enough though.

Steven and his two buddies came back into the room.   Steven was carrying a
small tray with a single soup bowl.  As he approached Charlie, the other two got
down on their knees at the far end of the table. 

"Harold your soup has arrived.   Ask Steven if he will stir your soup with his
cock." Charlie ordered.

What the fuck else could I do but obey.

"Steven may my soup be stirred with your cock?"  I asked feeling stupid.

"Yes Sir your soup may be stirred with my cock." he replied not looking up.

Charlie took my bowl and placed it under Steven's flaccid cock he lifted it
until Steven's dick was immersed in the cold liquid and moved it around. 
Charlie snapped his fingers and one of the other slaves came running over and
got down on his knees.  Charlie pulled the bowl away and the other slave took
Steven's dick in his mouth and cleaned off the soup.

"Now Harold we all have our dicks under control so it is not going to be
possible for you to get the essence of a good hard-on into your soup.   The best
we can do is all give you a stir, but you must ask each of us to do it." he
smiled.

Bastard, I thought, but obeyed.

"Master Charlie Sir, may my soup be stirred by your cock Sir?"  I asked.

"Why certainly Harold." he replied happily.

He put the bowl on the table, unzipped his fly and pulled out his cock.   It was
flaccid.   He picked up the bowl, dipped his cock in it and twirled it around a
few times.  Steven moved right in on his knees and as soon as Charlie pulled his
dick out of the soup, Steven took it in his mouth and cleaned it.

Charlie passed the bowl to Pat and on it went all the way around the table.
Steven  followed the bowl around the table and cleaned each cock after the
stirring.  I had now had nine cocks dipped into my soup, but that wasn't enough
to satisfy Charlie.  

While the bowl was making its way around the table, Charlie had one of the other
two slaves give his buddy a blow job.   The one getting the blow job was damned
near ready to cum when the bowl got back to Charlie.

He handed the bowl to Steven, the lad doing the sucking pulled away and used his
hand to bring the other lad off, into my soup.  Long white strings of dick snot
floated to the top of the cold soup, well I wondered just how cold that soup
would be after having nine hot cocks swirled around in it and now a nut sack
full of hot cum.

After the lad finished blowing his load they dipped his dick in the bowl and
stirred it around a few times.   Steven handed the bowl back to Charlie.   He
picked up a straw from the table and lifted the bowl to my face.   He stuck the
straw in my mouth and wished me bon appetite.

I didn't say anything just slurped the whole mess up through the straw and
swallowed.   The soup was rather good and I had been right, by the time I got to
eat it, it was warm.

The little bowls were all collected and taken back to wherever it was dirty
little bowls went in an airplane.  A few moments later they brought in small
plates of salad.  After placing a plate in front of every one, Steven ended up
with one plate in his hand. He moved over beside Charlie and using a fork he fed
me.

My cock was still oozing precum and throbbing away inside it's nice warm bread
roll.  Gawd I must have looked ridiculous.   When I had eaten all the salad
Steven took the plate away.

Charlie and a couple of the others were slow eaters, mainly because they spent
so damned much time talking between mouthfuls.   Tyrone, Sam, Bert and Pat had
finished.   I guess Tyrone became bored and wanted to play.

He started to milk me using the fucking roll.  The other's thought this was
hilarious and were laughing at his antics.  I was seeing the whole thing from a
different vantage point, so I guess that is why I didn't see anything funny in
it at all.

I had never been masturbated with a fucking dinner roll before and I had to
admit, although it was embarrassing, it felt rather good.  The little bowl of
precum was filling up.   There had to be a couple of ounces in it already and
more was pouring down.

Sam was really enjoying himself as well and he lifted a hand and began flicking
a finger across my right nipple.    It felt so good a small moan escaped my lips
and another long string of precum went cascading down to the bowl.

Charlie and the other three finally finished their salad and the plates were
picked up and taken away.   A moment later the main course was brought in and
Tyrone stopped wanking me and let go of the roll.   The little bowl of precum
was getting full.

The main course was lemon glazed chicken, roast potatoes, broccoli and corn
nibblets.   After everyone was served one of the slaves hung a small tray from
my sling.   Steven brought my dinner and placed it on the tray and proceeded to
feed me.  The food was excellent but I would have enjoyed it more if I had been
sitting down at the table.

Tyrone was the first one finished and the bugger went right back to wanking my
dick with the roll.  Have you ever been force fed, lying on your stomach, while
someone is wanking your cock?   Well I am here to tell you it is fucking hard
trying to keep yourself from choking to death.    

You get a mouth full of chicken,  chew it up pretty good and are ready to
swallow.   Just as it starts to go down the throat, you get this wild sensation
from your dick and it causes you to gasp.   The masticated chicken is half way
down your throat when the windpipe to the lungs opens to make the gasp.

The masticated chicken decides it don't want to go down the esophagus and heads
down the wind pipe instead.  Everything stops for just a second.   The guy that
is force feeding you realizes what has happened and brings up a cloth napkin and
pushes it across your face so that when you begin choking and gagging you won't
spew masticated chicken all over Master Charlie, who just happens to be right
below you.

Now while you are half choking to death the SOB that is wanking you doesn't
stop, he keeps it up.  Your choking and gasping for air and he hits something
that sends another fucking thrill through you and you are gasping again.

You have lost your appetite but the guy feeding you starts shoveling it in
again.  It is a no win situation.  In the meantime the guests at the table down
below you are having a whale of a time laughing at your predicament.  And still,
fucking Tyrone keeps wanking your dick slowly.

I suddenly feel something being inserted into the slit in my dick and look back. 
Tyrone is just taking his hand away and is laughing hysterically.   Protruding
from the slit of my dick is a little broccoli rosette.

"Gotta..... stop.... the snot flow.... for a few minutes..... while we....
empty... the dish." he manages to get out between bales of laughter.

The little bowl that is catching my precum is full and almost overflowing.  He
had pushed the broccoli spear up my slit to stop the flow for a few minutes.

"Steven." Charlie says.

"Yes, Sir." he asks.

"The cum bowl needs emptying."

"Yes, Sir." Steven replies and moves to the middle of the table.

He reached in and carefully picked up the bowl.  He brought it to his lips and
drank it all in one gulp.   He got a full round of applause from the table.   He
then placed the bowl back on the tray held by the naked statue, backed away from
the table and returned to shovel more food in my mouth.

Bert stood up slightly and plucked the broccoli sprig from my slit and popped it
in his mouth.

"Yum, yum." he said.

While Steven finished shoveling the remainder of my dinner in my mouth.  They
all talked and watched Tyrone play with my dinner roll covered dick.    Long
strings of precum continued to fall to the dish.

When my plate was empty, Steven unhooked the hanging tray and took it and my
plate out of the room.

"It is now time for the desert game." Charlie announced.

"Steven will bring the box around and each of us will pick a coin from the box.  
Hold the coin tight in your hand, let no one see it.   Once everyone has a coin
we hold our hands out over the table and open them on my command.   Whom ever
has the red coin gets the desert."  Charlie explained.

Well I guess I wouldn't have to worry about desert, I didn't have a hand free to
take a coin.   I watched intently as Steven walked around the table with the
box.   It had a lid so each person had to lift the lid and get his hand down
inside to get a coin.

Once they all had a coin the hands were held out over the table.

"On my count three, open your hands." Charlie said.

"One.....Two.....Three."  Eight hands opened at the same time and wouldn't you
know it, Tyrone had the red coin.

"Ya...hoo...eee" he called out while I nearly shit myself.  

The sling holding me up began to move back towards the end of the table.   I
hadn't expected it and it really startled me.   It kept moving back until my
cock was right over top of Tyrone.    Then the back end of the sling began to
lower.

As I became almost perpendicular to the floor, Tyrone turned around.  My cock
was even with his face and he took it in his hot mouth.    I now knew why I
didn't get to choose a coin for desert.   I was the fucking desert.

Tyrone used his expert lips and tongue on my dick for a while driving me wild.  
Then he suddenly pulled off, I wanted to scream at him to get back but didn't
dare.

He turned back to the table.

"Charlie this cock is just too fucking good for me to hoard all to myself so if
anyone wants to have a turn be my guest." he said smiling.

He got out of his chair, the guy on his right took his place and started
sucking.  I watched unbelieving as everyone at the table shifted one place to
the right.

The guy sucked for a while, pulled away and got up, everyone shifted one place
to the right.   Bert now had his lips wrapped around my throbbing dick.  It went
like that all around the fucking table until each had had a turn and Tyrone was
back.

"Let's keep doing this till he cums." Tyrone suggested and everyone agreed. 

And so the round robin suck job continued.   I can't complain, it felt so
fucking good and each mouth was different sending different sensations all
through me.    What really surprised me was how long I was lasting.  Tyrone was
almost all the way back again.

I was pretty high by the time he was back and I think he sensed it.   As soon as
his lips wrapped around my dick I felt the same sensations he had used on me
last night.   Tyrone was going to bring me off and do it now I could tell.

And that is precisely what he proceeded to do.  He pushed forward and lodge my
cock deep in his throat and began to work his magic with his tongue.   I felt my
balls begin to lift almost instantly.   Then Tyrone began a fast hump of his
face on my cock.   A few moments later I was shooting my hot load down his
throat while screaming out my pleasure.

They gave me, at least I think it was me, a standing ovation.   Then Steven and
his two buddies were there and they lowered me to the floor and released me from
the sling.   A chair was brought in and Pat and the guy beside him moved apart
to make room for me.

Then the real desert was brought in, some kind of cake thing with tons of
chocolate sauce, carmel and whipped cream, one of those sweet things to die for.

After that, coffee and an aperitif were served.    Steven and his buddies
cleared the table and continued to keep coffee mugs filled or bring whatever
other drinks we wanted.  Bet you will never guess what I wanted.

We talked, told jokes and just generally had a great time as the plane flew on
towards London.  The dinner took some three hours from start to finish.   We
were only a couple of hours out of London when it broke up.

Back in my room, Pat and Steven helped me out of the outfit.   I had been doing
a lot of sweating all trussed up like this.   The thing practically flowed off
once the Velcro was released.   My nipples had really protruded through those
nipple holes and when the suit was released they continued to poke out
obscenely. 

Pat thought they were cute and kissed and licked each one, which got my damned
cock to rising, before it had been pushed through the hole in the suit.  Now we
had a fight getting me free.   Again it was a bit painful.

"If you ever get into one of these suits Pat, remind me to suck and kiss your
nipples just before you try to get your dick through that little fucking hole."
I quipped.

He just laughed and continued trying to get me free.   They finally succeeded
and the suit just dropped away and was off.  I found the air a bit cool after
the heat of the suit and my body glistened with sweat.

"I am going to have to shower to get rid of all this sweat, Pat.   Give me a few
moments and I'll be right back."  I said, heading out into the passage and down
to the shower.

The hot water felt good and I soon had the sweat all washed away.   I had been
scared about what Charlie had in store for me at that dinner, but it had
actually turned out to be fun after all, I thought.  I guess Pat was right, 
this slaves life was anything but dull and it would be impossible for me to 
ever go back to what I had before.   I was now a slave and it really was not all
that bad.

To be continued.


This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  



A Daymare on Kelly Street.

by Rob

Part 35

London

After my shower I got dressed in some nice, light casual things and Pat and I
headed to the upper deck.  We were still a couple of hours out of London.

Charlie and Sam were sitting in easy chairs talking quietly,  they also had
changed to light casual wear.  Charlie gave me a big smile when we entered. Then
they both stood up.

"Did you enjoy the dinner, Harold?" he asked, as he made his way to a sideboard.

"At first I didn't, Sir, but as it went on I just kept getting more and more
turned on.   That final bit was really great, Sir.   All and all I guess I would
have to honestly say I did enjoy it."  I replied trying to be honest.

"Ah, that is great Harold.   I knew you would eventually start to enjoy the
life.  Wait till we get to London, your going to love it." he said smiling.

The warning radar went up right away.  Oh fuck no, I should have kept my mouth
shut.   He has something nasty planned, I just know it.

"What would that be, Sir." I asked nervously.

"Now Harold, you don't really expect me to spoil the surprise do you?" he asked
with an evil grin curling his lips.

"No, Sir.  I guess not."  I said a bit disappointed.

"Oh don't look so sad." he said reassuringly.

"You will have a great time.  At least that uncontrollable dick will at any
rate." he said and started laughing.

Now I knew for sure the bugger had a mean old nasty planned for me.

"Well enough worrying about that, we have some celebrating to do.   Sam here has
finally convinced me to sell him, Pete." he announced.

I brightened up right away.   I knew how badly Pete wanted to be with Sam.   I
also still felt damned guilty about hitting him in the face the way I had.

"That is great news, Sir.  Congratulations Mr. Sebastion." I said as I went over
and shook his hand.

"Yeah, great news, Sam." Pat added, shaking his hand as well.

"Thank you.  Pete is a good young lad and I have developed some deep feelings
for him.   I know, I know, Charlie, there is no fool like an old fool.  But I am
not like you, I am not surrounded by hundreds of adoring slaves.  I am alone, no
one really cares for me.  I need Pete and he will have a good life with me." he
said.

I suddenly felt sorry for him.   Imagine someone with all his money and clout
and he was lonely.   I wondered if this would really be any better.  He was
trying to buy love, would it work?  I had my doubts, but then I did not know
Pete.   Was he really in love with Sam?  Again I had my doubts,  I was thinking
that Pete probably saw a good thing and was going after it.  I couldn't say that
I blamed him.

"He will be joining us in London.   They will be leaving later today on a
company plane and should be in sometime tonight.   You will be happy to know
that his face is healing quickly, Harold."  he said happily.

Charlie opened a bottle of champagne and we toasted the sale.  It seemed strange
to me, toasting the sale of one human being to another.   Shit the slave trade
was supposed to have been shut down years ago, but I now knew it was alive and
flourishing.

I sipped my champagne, not really liking it.   Damned stuff tasted like bloody
beer, couldn't understand why they made such a big thing about it.

I finally just opened up and swallowed it all at once to get rid of it.   I
thought I would be able to grab a coke and get the taste out of my mouth.   I
should have damned well known better.   The moment my glass was empty Charlie
was right there.

"Now that's the way, Harold." he said laughing, as he filled my glass again.

"Glad we finally found something you like.   Now suck it back and I'll fill your
glass again before it is all gone."

As you know, if you have been following this story, a slave does not say no to
Charlie.   With no other alternative I opened up and swallowed the whole fucking
glass full in one gulp.   Charlie filled the glass again and I gulped it down as
well.  Damned if the bugger didn't fill it again.

This time after filling my glass he went and filled Sam's then Pat's then the
last of the bottle he drained into his own glass.

Champagne may taste like beer, but it packs one hell of a wallop.   From those
three glasses my lips began to feel numb.   I began to get a bit giddy.   Pat
said something, I can not remember what it was but I found it funny and began to
laugh hysterically.  I was laughing so hard I spilled that last glass of
champagne all over myself.

Now that under normal circumstances would have embarrassed hell out of me.   The
champagne had lowered my inhibitions drastically and I found the whole damned
thing even funnier and laughed all the more.  I sure wouldn't have been
laughing, champagne or no champagne if I had have know what was coming next.

"Pat I think Harold has had a bit too much too drink.   Time for him to rest and
sober up.   Why not take him down and have Steven do his hair."  Charlie
suggested.

"Come along Harold we have a date with Steven the hairdresser." Pat said
jovially.

"Really, shhhoounds gooda me"  I was having trouble getting my lips to work
properly.

Had to admit that my hair was getting a bit long and straggly, it did need a
trim.

We started to wards the stairs by I was having a little bit of trouble
maintaining my balance.

"I think pilots been drinking, can't he hold the fucking plane still?" I
slurred.

"It's not the pilot, Harold it's the champagne." Pat laughed.

"Fucking stuff just as bad as fucking beer."  I answered with a giggle.

We went to the lower deck and up towards the front of the aircraft, Pat had to
help me because I was having a great deal of difficulty walking straight.  
There was a small room right near the aircraft entrance.   The room had a light
weight barber chair, a sink and all the other barbering paraphernalia.  Amazing,
a flying barber shop.

I sat in the chair and Steven covered me with a barber's drape. 

"Just a little trim all the way around, please, Steven." I slurred and giggled
without a care in the world.

"Yes, Sir." Steven replied.

Steven tilted the chair back so I was lying prone.   My head was over the sink
and he started to wash my hair.   I didn't think it needed to be washed, hell I
had had what, three or four showers already today.   But I liked the feel of the
water so let Steven go ahead.

The champagne had really gone to my head and I just closed my eyes and fell into
a drunken sleep.

"Harold." I heard Pat call and then he shook me gently.

I opened my eyes, for a moment I was confused, then remembered that I was in the
aircraft and Steven had been cutting my hair.

"I must have fallen asleep again, don't know what the hell it is with me and
sleeping today." I said.

"Well you have had some drastic time zone changes in the last forty-eight hours.   
That does play hell with the system."

"Whatever you say.  Has Steven finished then." I asked looking around, but he
wasn't there.

"Yes and it is time for you to get dressed, the plane will be landing shortly. 
Charlie wants to head into London right away.  We will be staying with the Lord
High Executioner of England." Pat said.

"The Lord High what?" I asked incredulously.

"The Senior Magistrate for Great Britain.  He is some kind of Lord or something
and thinks his shit don't stink.  I can't stand the man myself so we shall
probably not see much of him."

My lips were still a little fuzzy from the champagne.   I wish Charlie wouldn't
make me drink that stuff I hated feeling this way.

When we got to my room Steven was already there, fussing with an outlandish
looking outfit that was laying on the bed.

"Oh no, no, Pat.   He isn't going to make me wear that is he?" I reacted in
dismay.

"Yeah, afraid so Harold.   Mmmmm if you don't want to feel really sick I would
suggest you not look in the mirror either." he said quietly with a smirk on his
face.

"What the fuck did he have done to me." I asked rushing to look in the mirror.

"Noooooooooooooooooooooooooo"  I screamed out in anguish.

"Now relax, Harold.  You really won't be out of place.  Where we are going there
are hundreds of young guys that have their hair done like that."  he tried to
assure me.

"But it is purple, spiked and has yellow tips.   I look like some kind of
freak." I cried.

"But you won't look out of place where we are going, you will fit right in.  So
just relax."

"Pat that is very easy for you to say, you are not the one with purple hair." I
shot back.

Then I remembered the fucking outfit lying on the bed.  I went back to the bed,
almost in shock.  Well it was pink, hot pink to be exact and it was latex. 

"Rolly did a great job don't you think" Pat asked.

"If I ever see Rolly again I am going to bop the bastard on the head for making
this horrible piece of shit." I cried out.

"Come on Harold buck up.   You are going to have a great time.   Just stop
letting your foolish pride get in the way.  Take each event as an adventure and
get the most out of it."  he tried to convince me.

"Oh it is going to be an adventure all right."  I replied sarcastically.

"Would Sir like me to undress you or would you prefer to do it yourself, Sir."
Steven asked politely, keeping his eyes on the floor.

I would be willing to bet it was times like these that Steven was glad he had to
look at the floor.   It would be much easier to control your laughter if you
don't have to look at the freak.

"I'll do it Steven." I replied slipping out of the casuals.

A moment later I was standing there naked.

"Ok Steven do your stuff." I said.

He started with a hot pink cock strap.   He quickly wrapped it around the root
of my dick and balls.   My package was forced forward.   Oh, great I thought,
I'll bet the pants will be tight as hell and my dick and nuts are going to be
grossly outlined. 


He had me sit down while he pulled on a pair of white cotton socks.  Well at
least I had something normal to wear, even if it was only socks.

Next he brought forward the top.   It was sleeveless, hot pink, tighter than
hell and had nipple holes.   It was one piece and we had to struggle to get the
damned thing on.   It was tight, and showed off my pecs really great.  It just
melted into every contour of my chest.   I figured it was probably doing the
same for my back.

Next we had to struggle to get the pants on.   I was right they were tighter
than the skin on a potato.   But the worst thing was that as he pulled them up I
had to make sure my cock went into the right leg.   Well that started my dick
swelling and in no time I had a hard on.  I looked down and sure enough my dick
and nuts were plainly visible outlined by the latex.

"Pat I can't go anywhere like this, my fucking cock is showing.   This whole
outfit is obscene.   What about British law, shit the cops will probably throw
me in fucking jail." I complained.

"Harold, relax.  That outfit is very conservative compared to what the guys will
be wearing where we are going.  Trust me, I wouldn't lie to you."  He said,
again trying to reassure me.

"Sir, will have to hold his head still for a moment while I apply the rings,
Sir." Steven said.

"What fucking rings." I shot back.

"Nose, ear and nipple, Sir." he replied.

"Your not making any fucking holes in my nose, Steven.  So just forget it."  I
said vehemently.

"Oh, don't worry, Sir.   They just clip on." he replied.

"They will sting a bit after they first go on, but the area will be numb in
about ten to fifteen minutes then you will feel nothing, Sir." he warned as he
brought a medium sized gold ring up and fixed it to my left nostril.

He was right, the fucking thing stung.  It might have been better to just let
them pierce me, it couldn't possibly sting as bad as that damned ring did.

"Oh, man that hurts." I cried out, my hand shooting up to cover my injured
snozeola.

"Careful, Harold, don't pull it off or it will  have to be put on again and
believe me it will hurt a lot more then it does now."  Pat warned.

"But Pat this is crazy, this thing really hurts bad." I complained, tears
rolling down my cheeks.

"Well get used to it because there are still four to put on." Pat said.

"I'll never be able to stand it."  I whined.

"Yes, you will.   Just buck up and be a man."  he advised.

Steven then clipped  a ring to each ear and to each protruding nipple.  The
rings on the ear lobes stung like hell, the ones on the nipples were ten times
worse.  With my yellow tipped purple hair and hot pink latex outfit, I must have
made one sorry sight dancing around the room, my hands cupping my nipples while
I cried from the pain.

Steven and Pat said nothing.   Steven got down into the kneeling position and
just stared down at the floor.   Pat never took his eyes off me.   Finally the
pain began to ease and I stopped hopping around like something that has just
escaped from a loony bin.

"Are you quite finished with the childish behavior?" Pat admonished.

"It is not childish behavior.   These fucking things are really hurting." I
defended myself.

"Bullshit!"  Pat came back gruffly.

"I have had them on myself and I know how painful they are.   But that pain
certainly does not warrant this kind of behavior, now straighten up."

I was shocked.   Pat had never spoken to me like this before.  He had always
been so supportive.   Was I really behaving like a spoiled little child?   I
remembered the spiked clamps that Dickie had put on my nipples and the weights.  
They had hurt, but nowhere near as bad as these little rings or did they?   I
was suddenly confused and didn't know what to think.

Now feeling a bit foolish because of Pat's admonishment I hung my head in shame.

"Sorry Pat, Steven.  Let's get this over with."  I said in a very quiet voice.

"Yes, Sir." Steven said, getting up from the floor and coming over to me.

"Just have to add this chain from your left ear to the ring in your nostril." 

Which he proceeded to do.  It felt strange to have that gold chain brushing
against my cheek.   At least it didn't involve any pain.

"I have a chair set up over by the table, Sir.   If you would go over and sit
down I can get your make up on."  Steven suggested.

"My makeup?"  I looked at Pat in horror.

But he just smiled.

Fucking makeup.   All of this other ridiculous shit wasn't enough for good old
Charlie.   Oh no.   Now he wants me painted.   Will this shit never end?

I must admit Steven was good at his craft.  He rubbed creams and other smelly
stuff onto my face.  Then he powdered it.   Then he got into fiddling, first
with my eyes, taking considerable time with each.   I could just imagine what he
was doing, at this point I only knew it involved various hues of blue and some
black.   Finally he applied a deep red lipstick to my lips.

He stood back looked at his work then turned to Pat.

"Will that be ok, Sir?"  he asked.

"Yes Steven, Charlie will be very happy with that.  You have done an excellent
job as usual.   Just the boots left." Pat replied.

Steven went over to the bed and returned with a pair of high heel, hot pink,
patent leather boots with white laces.   The boots were high tops as well, the
tops coming up to just below the knee.

He quickly slipped one on each of my feet and laced them up.  They had me stand
up and walk around.   The soles on the boots were over an inch thick and the
heels had a rise of about four inches.   It was a weird feeling to wear
something that changed your normal view of the world.

The boots were quite comfortable.   If it hadn't been for the gawd awful colour,
I could easily have lived with them.   Of course I was going to live with them
whether I liked it or not, Charlie would see to that.  So I just kept my mouth
shut and walked around as Pat advised.

"How do they feel?" he asked.

"They are comfortable." I replied tonelessly.

There was a sudden change in the vibrations coming from the plane.   Over that
last fourteen hours or so we had become accustomed to a very light steady drone, 
the sudden change was like getting your finger slammed in a car door, you notice
it right away..

"Pilot has started decent, Sirs." Steven advised.

"We shall be landing in approximately twenty minutes, Sirs.  You should find a
seat and get strapped in." 

"Ok, thanks Steven.  We will go to the upper deck for the landing."  Pat
replied.

"Come on Harold.   Let's go face the world with the new you."  he laughed.

"Right, the new me.   Harold the freak." I replied resigned to my fate.

Charlie, Sam and Tyrone we sitting together chatting when we arrived.   The
conversation stopped dead when I walked in the room.  Both Sam and Tyrone had
stunned looks on their faces.   Charlie had a big grin.

"Oh yes, you are fucking perfect, Harold." Charlie said enthusiastically.

"What do you think, Sam?   Is he perfect or what?"

"Well he certainly stands out, I'll say that.   Bound to impress the hell out of
his high and mighty Lordship."  Sam answered.

"Especially his dick."  Tyrone put in,   "His Lordship will blow his stones when
he sees that dick pushin' through the latex.   The horny old bastard is going to
want to bed him.   He will drive ya fucking nuts until ya agree."

"Well if he wants to bed Harold he can, but not before he signs a little
agreement I have in mind."  Charlie grinned evilly.

Wait a fucking minute here, I screamed in my head.    I ain't agreeing to
getting screwed by no fucking Lord of the British Realm.   Charlie has got to be
out of his mind.   I turned and looked appealingly to Pat for help, but he just
grinned.

"As soon as he signs the agreement he can have Harold until we leave tomorrow.  
I'll make that plain right from the start.   But we are going to have to make
sure we keep Harold's dick good and Hard until he signs.   I'm not worried about
that, Harold has no control so it should be easy.  There is also the bet, I just
know Harold will win it for me."  Charlie went on.

Great, he is going to give me to a fucking Lord that Pat says is an asshole.  
Wonderful, welcome to London Harold!    What's this about a bet, I wondered.  No
use asking because he won't tell me.  If he wanted me to know he would have told
me already.  The more he talked the harder my dick got.   It was now throbbing
and pushing against the latex.   I looked down and could see that it was
perfectly outlined.   Even the veins were starting to show.  The more I looked
the more embarrassed I got, the more embarrassed I got the harder it throbbed. 
It was a no win situation, Charlie had me.

Just at that moment Steven entered the room.

"Would the Sir's please take their seats and buckle-up for final approach to
Heathrow.   The time in London is three twenty two pm, it is a warm sunny day,
the mean temp is 72.5 degrees Fahrenheit."

We all took a seat and buckled up.   Steven disappeared back through the stairs
door, gone to get dressed I figured.

I wondered where the three guys that had had dinner with Charlie were.   I had
not seen them before or after the dinner.   There were lots of rooms on the
plane so I supposed they were kept entertained in those rooms.   There also were
a number of other Stewards and I had not seen any of them other than at the
dinner so I assumed they were the entertainment.

As with Sidney, we by-passed the main terminal and headed for a set of hangers
off by themselves.  After touch down I had got up and went to the front window
to watch the taxi process.    The ground guide was waving his arms to direct the
pilot and a small ground crew stood ready to do their job the moment the engines
were shut down.

There were four large, black limos waiting for us as well as six other cars.   I
had no idea what they were all four, but was fairly certain, that Charlie, Pat,
Sam and I would be riding together.

The engines were finally shut down and the big bird that only moments ago was
full of life and power, was now nothing but a hunk of dead metal sitting on a
tarmac.   It would not live again until the pilot flicked the switch that
started those huge Pratt & Whitney's turning again.

Charlie led the way out of the aircraft.  There was a small party at the foot of
the stair truck, waiting to greet Charlie.
I was really uptight about leaving the airplane looking like the freak Charlie
had made me into.    As I got to the exit, I hesitated, took a deep breath and
stepped out into the bright, warm, English sunshine. 

Ashamed beyond words by the visibility of my cock, outlined by the latex, I
crossed my hands over my crotch as I descended the stairs.  The men greeting
Charlie were all in their early to mid forties all healthy, virile looking men.  
But the most interesting thing was they were all dressed in black leather.  
Tailored into normal, conservative cut, business suits.  They really looked
good.

After shaking hands and talking with the first man at the bottom of the stairs,
Charlie moved in and stood beside him.  He now introduced each person in turn as
they stood in front of the guy.

Pat was just ahead of me and Charlie introduced him as his right hand man.  Pat
shook hands and they chatted for a few moments then Pat moved on to the next
man.

Charlie now introduced me.

"This is the punk slave I was telling you about, Sir George.   He is a real sick
little shit as you can easily see for yourself."  Charlie smiled broadly and
winked at me.

I nearly shit myself.  A fucking punk slave!  A sick little shit!   Damn it, it
isn't me that's sick it's fucking Charlie.

"On your fucking knees, Punk." Sir George yelled at me.

Taken completely by surprise and used to obeying yelled commands I was down on
my knees in a flash.

"Hands behind your head." he ordered again.

My hands flew up behind my head.

"Well he is certainly well trained.   My compliments, Charlie."  he said.

"Thank you, Sir George."  Charlie replied happily.

"On your feet slave but keep your hands behind your head." Sir George ordered.

Without hesitation I got to my feet.  I was feeling more humiliated by the
moment.   My cock was throbbing so bad I thought I was going to spill a load
inside the leg of my latex pants. 

"Now keeping your hands on your head, take three steps backwards then spread
your legs wide."

Again I obeyed his command.  It was then I noticed a photographer, he was
recording my shame for posterity.  Tears filled my eyes I was feeling so
humiliated.   But that didn't seem to bother his Lordship.   The other
passengers were now introduced.  I had to stand there like that until everyone,
including the Stewards and pilots had deplaned.

Then he and Charlie got into a discussion and began walking towards the cars.  
I suddenly found myself all alone standing at the bottom of the stairs truck. 
Everyone else was getting into cars.   What the fuck was I supposed to do?   I
had been told to stay.  Had they forgotten me?

Charlie was just getting in the car when he noticed me still standing at the
stairs. He paused and got back out.

"Harold," he yelled,  "stop showing off that damned sexy body of yours and get
over here.  You are such an embarrassment to take anywhere.   Your fucking cock
is sticking up again as well.   Just don't know what I am going to do with you
boy."

Everyone, those still getting into cars, the air crew, the ground crew, all
stopped and stared at me.   I wanted to curl up and die right there on the spot. 
Instead I hurried as fast as I could to the limo and got in.  Charlie climbed in
behind me.

This car although it had a stretched body, only had seating for four.   His
Lordship and Charlie had the main back seat, Pat and Sam took up the two side
seats.   There was room between Charlie and His Lordship.  I was about to move
towards that spot when his Lordship started issuing orders again:

"Come on slave on your knees right in the middle," he said pointing to a spot in
the middle of the car.   "Good boy.  Now spread those legs a bit, that's good,
hands behind head.   Wonderful!   Now I have something amusing to look at on the
journey." 

I felt sick and wanted to puke, the prick was revolting.  Oh, not physically
just his attitude.   I got the impression I was nothing more than an amusement. 
Something to be used for a bit, then thrown away.   Charlie, even at his worst
never, ever gave me that impression.

I had to look down at the floor at the bottom of the rear seat.   Sir George
just kept staring at me and made me feel so damned uncomfortable.   Why couldn't
he look at Charlie while they talked?

"I opened a new place, Charlie."  Sir George said.

"Have you closed the Velvet Glove, then?"  Charlie asked.

"Oh no, the Glove is doing wonderfully.   No the new place is more a coffee
house type thing and has been very, very popular.  I have reserved a table for
us, it is just slightly passed tea time.  So we shall take tea there."

"Ah that sounds terrific, Sir George." Charlie said with out much enthusiasm.

I hoped this didn't include slaves, I didn't want to be out in public dressed
like this.   They could just leave me in the car and I would be happy.

I had no idea where we were but the sidewalks on either side were abustle with
men of all ages, shapes and sizes.   I was figuring it must be the gay area, but
on closer look, was surprised.   Many of those guys were women, wearing butch
clothes.

There were loads of cafes with sidewalk terraces along the street on both sides
and each one was jamb packed with people.   If it was like this everyday, these
little shops would be doing an ok trade.

The car finally pulled up in front of one of these places.   It didn't look any
different from any of the others.   I couldn't even see a name on the place.

There was a young man dressed in a fancy butlers outfit standing by the curb as
we pulled up, it looked like he had been waiting for us.  He opened the door and
stood back.   Sir George got out first, followed by Charlie, Pat and Sam. 

No one had said anything to me so I just happily stayed right where I was.   I
felt much more secure right here.   But Mr. Fancy Pants Sir George had other
ideas.   He poked his head back in the car.

"I could not possibly allow anyone that looks as ridiculous as you do to enter
my establishment.  After we have entered, you will get out of the car and walk
completely around the block.  You will keep walking until we are finished our
tea."

Without another word he withdrew his head and led Charlie and the others to
his...... establishment.   Now I was really upset, to have to get out of the car
and enter the restaurant would have been bad enough, but to have to walk around
the block.

I watched as the bastard disappeared inside.   The fellow holding the door
became impatient:

"Come on mate, get yer fuckin' ass out of the car, I ain't got all day."

I looked at the little prick and said:

"Up yours you fucking asshole.  Say another word and you won't ever have to
worry about dental bills again."

I was angry and frustrated and needed a scapegoat, if he had made another smart
ass remark he would have been it.  I somehow got the impression that he realized
he had made a mistake.

"Sorry mate, yer right I deserve that, I was being an asshole."  he apologized.

His unexpected apology made me feel better.

"It's ok, I am really on edge here."

"Yeah, Sir G can be a real pain in the ass sometimes." he said.

"But don't worry, you will be ok.   Two of our guys will be right behind you all
the time.   If anything happens they will be there to look after you.   Now off
you go but don't look back, Sir G will know I told you if you do." he whispered
quickly.

I was out on the sidewalk and began walking.   I brought my hands down to cover
my throbbing rod, at least the prick hadn't forbid me from doing that.  I
decided what the hell, no one knew me here I might as well take my time and look
in all the windows and that is exactly what I did.

The reflections of passers by only served to make my dick throb all the harder.  
Everyone was staring at me, the biggest freak on the street.   Where were all
the others that Pat had said would be here.  So far this looked like a pretty
conservative neighborhood.

I came to the end of the block and turned right.  This street was much the same
as the one I just turned off of.   However there was one notable difference, it
was full of freaks.   The change was totally awesome.  I mean one minute I was a
freak, the next I was normal.

There was every colour of hair you could possibly imagine, solid colour and
mixed colours and not always complementary.  Hair styles were some of the
weirdest things I had ever seen in my entire life.   The clothes were so
outlandish as to make what I was wearing tame by comparison.  

Every single face, male and female was made up.  One guy had shaved off all his
hair and had painted his entire head black, except for white mascara around the
eyes and white lipstick.

I suddenly didn't feel out of place any longer.  I got smiles and waves, the
throbbing in my dick started to ease.  A small group of weirdly decorated young
guys were sitting at an outside table drinking beer and I thought, shit I could
really do with a coke about now.

I turned my head around and right away spotted Sir George's boys.   An idea hit
and I made a decision.   I turned quickly and walked right up to one of them.

"I am very thirsty.  I am going to that patio over there and order a coke.  
Someone is going to have to pay for it because I don't have any money.   Unless
Sir George and Charlie want me arrested I suggest one of you scoot back and get
some pounds or shillings or whatever it is you use for money here.  Right now I
don't give a shit whether I am arrested or not."

Then I turned away from the shocked guy and headed for the patio.   As I
approached,  the small group, a guy with brilliant red hair, green mascara and
black lipstick waved me over.   I thought what to hell, might as well enjoy
myself.   If I am in shit, might as well make it deep shit.

I introduced myself, told them I was a colonial and they thought that was way
cool.  They invited me to sit and I did.  The guy with brilliant red hair, green
mascara and black lipstick introduced himself as Derrick.    He seemed to be the
leader of this group.  I ordered a coke when the waiter came out, but Derrick
said no fucking way.

"Ere, ya sits wif us ya drinks beer wif us." he demanded

"Ats ryeht." another piped up.

Ah fuck just my luck to sit with a bunch, that are just as bad as fucking
Charlie.  Only this time I was not going to doing anything that would cause
trouble.

"No problem guys, beer will be fine."  I said to the waiter.

"Good'o" a couple of them said at the same time.

We introduced ourselves and I told them that I was from Canada, they kept
calling it Canader and they referred to me as the  kaun-ide-e-an.  
 
"Are ya any good at suckin' cock in Canader, then?" Derrick asked suddenly.

"We give as good as we get." I replied not letting the question phase me.

"I 'erd that kaunideeans cocks is all little dinky things."  the one named Greg
sneered.

I got a little red in the face over that.  These guys were looking for trouble. 
I looked to see if Sir George's guys were still near by but they were gone.   Oh
fucking great, I thought, I am about to get trounced and the fuckers are gone.

"Well if that is true then I guess all British males have little ones as well,
after all we all came from the same genes." I replied boldly, not prepared to
put up with any other their put downs.

Derrick thought that was hilarious.   The others all started laughing as well.  
I figured it had all cooled down so laughed with them.   I didn't laugh for
long, I felt a presence behind me and turned.  I was staring into a hard six
pack and a button that had a pink eye tattooed around it.  The guy was a fucking
mountain, I looked up to see him looking down at me smiling.  I turned back
towards the table and they were all looking at me.

"Well the kaunaideean says his cock is just the same size as ours, well lets
just see.  Pull it out, mate."  Derrick ordered.

"Here, in public?" I asked suddenly afraid.

"Yer fucking right mate.  Right here.  Right now.  Now get it out."  he ordered
again.

"These fucking pants don't have a fly.   I would have to pull them down." I
replied hoping he would back off.

"I don't give a fuck what yer gotta do to get it out, just get the fuckin' thing
out and do it now."  he was getting very impatient.

I realized that I was going to have to pull the pink pants down and bare my ass
and my dick right here on this patio or face one hell of a beating.   They would
be able to do a hell of a number on me before anyone could get to my assistance.  
With no alternative left to me, I stood, hooked my thumbs in the waist band of
the pants and pulled them down.

Freed from the confines of the latex pants at last, my dick jumped up with glee,
throwing a string of silver precum across the table.

"Bloody hell, 'es got one hell of a piece there, Derrick."  one of them, can't
remember his name said.

"Do you think so shit face." Derrick snapped at him.

"Ah......." he started to stammer.

"Get your fucking ass over here and welcome the kaunaideean to London.  We wanna
watch ya suck him off, right lads."  Derrick ordered the now frightened boy.  

It was obvious Derrick was the boss and they were afraid of him.  The lad never
said another word, he just got up real quick came around the table and kneeled
in front of me.  In a flash his lips were around my cock.

The fucking kid didn't have a clue how to suck cock.  He was slurping and
licking but not even trying to make it feel good.   I could have got more
sensation and excitement from sticking my dick in a glass of warm milk.

"Derrick, this poor boy does not have a fucking clue how to suck cock." I stated
boldly.  "Mind if I teach him?"  I asked.

"Hey mate it's your cock, fuck his face anyway yer wants."  Derrick replied with
a smile.

I grabbed the boy by the ears and pulled his head back from my cock.

"Now first stick that fucking tongue out and lick my cockhead like it was a
lollypop.   Do it fucking gently or I'm gonna rip yer fucking ears off."  I
demanded.

The others at the table all sat back and paid close attention now.   Derrick
suddenly had a look of respect in his eyes.   It would seem the only thing they
really understood was power.

I talked the boy through the cock sucking process.   Made him lick my head, the
shaft and down around my nuts.   Then I forced him to take each nut into his
mouth and suck gently while wiggling his tongue against it.  If he didn't do it
right I yanked roughly on his ears.

He was actually starting to give me some pleasure and my cock began to throb.

"Now to really be a good cock sucker you have to take the cock down yer throat."
I said.

He tried to pull back but I held on tight to his ears.

"I ain't takin' yer fuckin' cock down my throat." he swore.

"Oh yes you are bitch.   The easy way or the hard way, don't matter to me, but
you are going to take it."

Derrick was really smiling now.   I noticed that a couple of the guys were
really turned on by what was happening.   They were playing with themselves
under the table.

"Derrick, ya really wanna see a Canadian get turned on?"  I asked.

"Yeah mate." he replied

"Make those three pricks that are playing with themselves stand up and
masturbate onto the table while I face fuck this one."

Three hands shot up to the table top and three faces went beet red.

"Ere, ya fuckin' perverts playin' wif yer selves.  Do what the man says, get up
and get'em out."  Derrick ordered.

"But Derrick!" one of them started to object.

"Not another fuckin' word or I'll have Alfie crush yer fuckin' bullocks" he spit
out at them.

That was all the incentive they needed.  They were on their feet in a flash and
pulling down their fly's.  Two of them had rather small dicks, the third one
however had a fucking monster.  It had to be nine or ten inches long and about 2
inches in diameter.

All three of them were red in the face as they began to masturbate.  I brought
the mouth of  the little jerk kneeling in front of me up to my dick.

"Now boy, open up nice and wide.   Harold is going to ream your throat real
good."

"Nooo.....ahggha." he started to object but was cut off by my dick filling his
oral cavity.

I was holding tight to his ears and forced my dick to the back of his throat.  I
brought it forward a bit, then in again, just a bit farther.   His gag reflex
kicked in and I pulled back.

It was an in, gag, out, in, gag, out until finally I pushed it in and there was
no gag.  That was my cue and I pulled hard on his ears and at the same time
slammed forward with my hips and the poor little bastard was impaled on my
throbbing dick.   I held it down there for a bit, luxuriating in the warmth of
his throat.

I could see the little bugger turning a bit red, he had no idea how to breath
with a cock in his throat.   How about that, I thought,  I just took his throat
cherry, my first.

"When my cock is in your throat boy relax and breath through your nose." I said
quietly.

I then began a gently fucking of his face all the way in, all the way out.   He
didn't much like it but at that point I really didn't give a damn.   All I cared
about was getting my nuts off.   I had been carrying this rod for a couple of
hours and really needed relief.

The three guys masturbating had really gotten into it.   Not only that, a small
crowd of spectators had formed to watch all this hot action.  Although I had
more or less taken charge of face fucking the kid, I was still finding the whole
situation a bit humiliating.   I did not like getting my rocks off in public.  I
just wish I could find some way to tell that to my fucking dick.

One of the three masturbaters suddenly went stiff.

"Oh shit." he said out loud and began to blow his load onto the table.

When he was finished Derrick yelled at him.

"You little fuck, who told you, you could cum?"

"But Derrick, I can't control when I cum." he whined.

"Well you fucking well better learn.  Lick up your fucking cum from the table,
right fucking now."  Derrick yelled at him.

The kid was terrified and bent over and began to lick up his own cum.   From the
look on his face I would guess he had never tasted cum before.   He didn't seem
to like it.

"Make fucking sure you swallow it or you will have to answer to Alfie."  Derrick
threatened.

Watching the poor prick go through this seemed to turn me on even more.   I was
really enjoying this whole thing.  The lad had finished licking up his cum and
was preparing to put his now flaccid dick back in his pants.

"Leave that little fucking thing out and go over and take Nelsons big rod down
yer throat.   I fancy watching that."  Derrick said.

Nelson is the guy with the ten incher.  If the kid ain't never taken a cock down
his throat he is in for a problem here.   It shouldn't have, but for some reason
his being forced to take that big cock was exciting me even more.

I started pulling faster on the kids ears.  My cock was ram rodding in and out
of the poor kids throat at a fair clip now.  I don't think Nelson had ever stuck
his cock all the way down a throat before.   He didn't even try preparing the
kid, he just grabbed him by the ears, as he had seem me do to this one, then
forced that big fucking rod all the way down in one fall swoop.

Well it went down and the kid nearly had a fit.  His hands came up and grabbed
the arms holding his ears.   He tried standing but couldn't.   Then he did the
only thing he could think of,  he bit the cock.

Nelson gave one hell of a scream and pulled his cock out of the lads throat in a
flash.   He grabbed hold of his aching member screaming and cursing.

"The bastard, (he pronounced it, baa-stard) bit my cock.   Fucking hell.  Oh
fucking hell it hurts.   I'm gonna kill you, you bastard."  he kept screaming
over and over.

Derrick was laughing hysterically as were a most of the others.   Me I was only
interested in getting my nuts off and had increased the pace with which I was
slamming into the poor kids mouth.

I finally felt my nuts lift and I started to unload down the boys throat.  Shot
after shot filled his throat and mouth.   White cum was dribbling out from his
lips as my dick pistoned back and forth shooting load after load.    I really
didn't care about anything except how fucking good it felt to finally unload.   
But all those good feelings just suddenly ended at the sound of one voice.

"Harold.   What the fuck are you doing?"  Pat demanded.

I pulled out of the boys mouth and turned to see Pat standing in the doorway of
the restaurant.   My face must have gone red and I suddenly felt like a little
boy that had been caught with his pants down.  With good reason, my pants were
down.

Everyone at the table stopped laughing at Nelson.   Nelson stopped yelling at
the kid that he was going to kill him.   They all turned and looked towards Pat.

"Charlie is waiting." Pat said impatiently.

"Be right there Pat." I answered smiling.

I turned to Derrick.

"I am going to have to go Derrick, but man I will never forget my trip to
London."  I said holding out my hand.

"Your one hell of a guy, thanks for making me feel at home."

I don't think he was quite prepared for that.   He stuck out his hand and I
shook it.

"Ere wait a mo........" he started to say.

"Derrick,  that's Pat, he is Master Charlie's right hand man.   All he has to do
is raise his hand and you and all your friends, including Alfie here, will be
hanging by your ankles, naked, waiting to be whipped with a cat of nine tails. 
I am a slave and must go.   I thank you again for the good time, but do heed my
warning."  I said as I pulled up my latex pants.

I turned to leave but Alfie stepped in front of me.  I turned and looked Derrick
in the eye.

"I was not shitting you Derrick, you are on very thin ice here, believe me."  I
said calmly and in a very confident tone.

"Ok mate, no hard feelings." he said.

"No hard feelings, I really will never forget this afternoon, it was great.
Thanks."

He waved and Alfie stepped aside.  I made my way to Pat.

"What the hell are you up to, Harold?"  he asked a bit uptight.

"What you promised, Pat.  Enjoying myself with other guys dressed just as
fucking weird."  I answered boldly.

"Sir George is in a right snit over it.  He had ordered you to walk around the
block."

"Well too fucking bad what Sir George ordered.  I am not his slave, I belong to
Charlie.   When Charlie gives me an order I obey.  When another Master gives me
an order I obey.   When a fucking asshole treats me like a piece of shit I say
fuck you and do whatever the hell I want.  Now you can go and tell Charlie I
have no intention of obeying any more orders from that asshole Sir G and that my
dear Pat, is that."

"Well I sure as hell am not going to tell Charlie that."  Pat answered.

"Then I will tell him myself." I replied.

"Mmmmmm well just a small word of advice, don't piss Charlie off.   You know
what happens when you do." He warned me.

"To be honest Pat I am no longer afraid of Charlie or punishment.   They hurt me
pretty bad back at that hospital.   There ain't too much that Charlie can do
that would hurt as much so I really don't give a shit." I replied boldly.

"Ok, just remember I warned you." He said with a grin.

"Now, about pulling down your pants and forcing a guy to give you a blow job in
a public place.   That is just as much a crime in London as it is in Toronto.  
Are you out of your fucking mind?"  he asked me in an irritated voice.

"First of all it was not my idea.   The one I shook hands with is the leader of
that little group and he is just like Charlie.    That big bruiser standing
behind me was waiting for Derrick to give the order to beat me to a pulp if I
refused to do what he ordered.  I thought it the better part of prudence to do
what I was told."  I explained.

"Want me to sic Sir George on them?" he asked.

"Nah, I actually enjoyed it.   I got to empty my nuts, they were full after all
the teasing I have been through this afternoon."  I grinned at him.

He put his hand on my shoulder and pulled me close.

"My Harold, I just can't help but love ya." he said as we moved into the
restaurant.

I stopped suddenly.

"Have you paid for the drink I ordered?" I asked.

"Don't have to, this is Sir George's place." he replied.

"Your kidding?"

"Nope, follow me."

I followed him farther into the place.   It was filled with more young guys
dressed and made up like freaks.  At the back we came to a small hallway that
made a right angle turn.  We went down it a ways and came out into another
restaurant, but everyone here was dressed conservatively, except........me.

Damn, I was a freak again and everyone was staring at me.   Guess who was in his
glory again.   You got'ter mate, my dick.   It began to rise as soon as we
entered.   My hands shot around to cover my crotch.

Charlie's group was sitting at a large round table.  Sir George watched my
progress towards the table like a hawk preparing to drop on his prey.    His
face was red with what I guessed was anger.  Too fucking bad I thought, I
couldn't care less.   Charlie had his back to me.   Upon arrival at the table,
Charlie spoke without turning.

"What were you doing, Harold?"  he asked in the fatherly tone.

"I got very thirsty Sir.   The sun is very hot and shining on this dumb suit it
caused me to sweat really bad.   I had to have a cold drink to cool me down and
replace the water I had sweated out."

"Were you not ordered to walk around the block and keep walking around the block
until we finished our tea?"

"On that point it depends on your point of view, Sir.   At first I was quite
happy to obey the orders of Sir George.   However the gentleman treated me like
a piece of dirt and I am not a piece of dirt, I am a slave.   I belong to you
Master Charlie and I resent another Master treating your property with contempt.  
Therefore I shall not obey any further orders issued by Sir George.  I would
rather rot in hell and probably will."

Sam had just taken a mouth full of whatever it was he was drinking when I made
that remark and ended up spiting it across the table.   His hand flashed up to
his mouth to hold in his laughter.   The rest of the table became deadly quiet
while they all waited to see how Charlie would handle this insubordination.

Time seemed to have stopped.  Nothing moved.  All eyes were on Charlie waiting
for the explosion.   But the explosion didn't come.  Instead he turned slowly,
looked at me and then a big smile lit up his face.   Then he turned to wards Sir
George.

"That'll be ten thousand pounds Sir George and I will take it all in one pound
notes."

"And you will let him get away with that?"  Sir George asked confounded.

"Oh yes, there aren't many like my Harold.  You should have believed me when I
told you what he would do, instead of making that dumb bet.  I am going to
deposit the whole sum in his retirement account."  Charlie answered with glee.

"Your not going to punish me, Sir?" I asked stunned.

"Of course I am, Harold.  Can't have you being insolent to a Master, but that
can wait till we get back home.   London is a holiday for us all, time to enjoy
ourselves.   Did you enjoy chatting with those lads on the other side?"  he
asked warmly.

"Ah.....yes, Sir, as a matter of fact I did." I replied.

"Good.  I want you to enjoy your London experience completely Harold.  It will
be a time for us all to cut loose.  Now, Sir George shall we be off your manse?"

"Certainly Charlie, whatever you wish.   But don't get too settled on keeping
the ten thousand, I am sure I shall win it back before you leave."  Sir George
responded with a smile as he got up.

"Not bloody likely mate."  was Charlie's response to that.

When we got out to the car I asked Charlie if it would be ok for me to sit up
with the driver, seeing as there was no seat for me in the back.   He gave his
ok so I opened the door and jumped in.

The driver turned out to be an ok guy.  The first thing he said when he got in
the car was:

"That's some outfit ya got yer self mate."

"Well it sure as hell ain't by choice.  Charlie gets his jollies embarrassing
the hell out of me."  I replied with a smile.

"The names Harold." I said holding out my hand.

"Jerold 'ere, but me mates call me Jerry."

"Happy to meet you Jerry.  It feels so strange sitting as a passenger on the
left side of the car.  I can't even imagine what it is like driving on the wrong
side of the road." I observed innocently.

"Ah, but it ain't us whats on the wrong side it's you blokes in the States." he
replied with a big laugh.

The way he said it, it was so fucking funny I nearly choked.  I then corrected
his misunderstanding.  

"We ain't from the States, Jerry, we are all Canadian."

"Same thing." He replied.

"Oh no, Jerry, there is a very big difference.   We may share the longest
undefended border in the world and quite possibly have the best relations of any
two countries in the world, however, philosophically and politically we travel
much different roads and that is not likely to change in the foreseeable
future."

"Didn't know that mate, we don't hear much about Canader here.   It is almost
always the States and I guess we just assume the two are the same." he replied.

"Yeah, well we are kind of a shy people, we don't blow our horn very loud so we
end up in the shadow of big brother most of the time.   But that's ok, we are
proud of our good relationship with the States."

The traffic in London was unbelievable.  I thought the Donvalley Parkway and the
16 lane 401 were bad but Toronto has nothing at all on the traffic in London. 
There was no chance in hell that I would ever even attempt to drive here.  How
the hell they all managed to do it without ramming into and killing each other
is beyond me.

Jerry pointed out all kinds of interesting sites as we passed, The British
Parliament, Buckingham Palace the home of the Queen and many other places I had
learned about in school but never thought I would actually ever see.

Jerry finally pulled onto a quiet boulevard lined with large trees and  stately
homes set back from the road.  One was set off by itself with lots of land and
trees surrounding it he turned into a drive leading up to it.   The driveway was
long and curved up and in front of a large mansion.

"Thanks for the info Jerry.  Hope we get to chat again, but if not good bye it
was a pleasure to meet you."  I said holding out my hand.

"Right'o mate." he answered as he gave my hand a quick shake then jumped out to
run around and open the door for Sir George. 

I had forgotten the stupid prick didn't know how to open fucking doors.  I
opened my own and stepped out.  I looked at the building, it was a large Tudor
style house, covered in Ivy and surrounded by hundreds of beautiful flowers.  I
was instantly reminded of the song, English Country Garden.   I imagined it was
a garden as beautiful as this that had inspired the song.

Sir George led the way to the front door, Charlie by his side.  Pat and Sam
followed behind and I took up the rear, all on my lonesome.    Now, I wondered,
what kinds of fun and games does Charlie have planned for me next? 

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  

A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 26

An Evening with Sir George

Pat and I were conducted to a beautiful room on the second floor of Sir George's
home.  Sir George and Charlie had disappeared somewhere on the first floor.

"Oh now this is really something, Pat."  I said happily.

"I had visions of the bastard regulating me to a dark, dank dungeon."  I
laughed.

"He would have if Charlie had permitted it.  The very first time Charlie brought
me here Sir George got right put out because Charlie wouldn't let him put me in
the slaves quarter's.   I saw them on a subsequent visit and it's a good thing.  
The slaves quarters are bare, stonewalled cells.   The poor buggers have to
sleep on the floor and only get a single, thin blanket.  They are locked in most
of the time unless the bastard is using them.  He does not treat his slaves well
at all."  Pat explained.

"Well I guess I owe Charlie for not letting him put me down there then." I
replied.

"Yeah, Charlie had a discussion on the plane that we would have to keep an eye
on you and not let Sir George run rough shod over you.   But they had that silly
bet about how you would react to his treatment.   Charlie knew beyond a doubt
that you would rebel."  Pat laughed.

"Well to be perfectly honest I almost rebelled right on the plane.   I was not
very happy when I saw my hair.  This stupid pink outfit I could handle, but the
hair really did a number on me.   It was only your reassurances that made me go
along."  I explained.

"I thought so at the time.   I was worried that I wouldn't be able to convince
you and then Charlie would have been pissed and who knows what he would have
done."  Pat answered.

"So what's up now.   Do I get to get out of this stupid outfit and wash the crap
out of my hair?"  I asked hopefully.

"Mmmmm well you do, but I don't think you are going to be very happy with the
replacement outfit."  Pat said with an evil grin.

"Come on Pat what the fuck is he up to now?"  I asked warily.

"Well we will get you out this thing and you can have a good shower and wash
your hair.    Then there will be a lad here to do your hair and we will get you
dressed for the evenings festivities."  Pat replied.

"Never mind trying to slip it by me, what am I going to be wearing?" I demanded.

"Ok, come and look." he said making his way to one side of the room.

There was a door and he opened it, and went through with me hot on his heels. 
It turned out to be a large dressing room.  There were two outfits hanging on a
hanger.   They were black, looked rather skimpy, and turned out to be made of
leather.

"Leather shorts, vest and boots Harold.  We will both be dressed the same." he
said pointing to the outfit.

"Oh well that's not so bad then, Charlie would never treat you badly and black
leather is so much better than this pink piece of shit." I replied happily.

"Now lets get this shit off I want that shower."

"Whatever you say oh great and fearless leader." Pat teased.  "Sit down on this
bench and I'll help you get the top off."

I sat down and we each undid the laces of one of the boots and then he pulled
them off.   Next he had me lift my hands over my head.   He grasped the bottom
of my top piece and lifted straight up.  He had to pull rather hard to get the
neck to slide over my chin but it did come off.

I felt a shiver run through me as the top came off.   It had been very warm with
it on and I had doing a lot of sweating.  My chest was soaked.   The air in the
room was cool and I felt cold.

"Man that outfit really is warm, I am actually cold now, Pat."

"Ya, but your body will adjust pretty quick, besides you are probably going to
take one of those fucking hot showers you like so much."

"You can bet on it." I replied with a smile.

He then had me lay down on the bench and lift my ass up so he could grab the
waist of the trousers.   He grabbed hold and pulled and they slid right down and
off.   The white cotton socks pulled off with them.

The odor of male sex suddenly permeated the room.  My right leg was covered in
dick snot.

"Your turning me on Harold.  Shit you really were pouring the stuff out." Pat
laughed.

"Well don't forget I was kept hard for almost two hours before Derrick forced
one of his guys to suck me off.   Even after as I joined you I could still feel
it leaking out.  Look my whole fucking leg is covered.   Wanna lick it off." I
winked playfully.

"If we didn't have to be downstairs in half an hour I would take you up on that. 
But it is going to take me longer than half an hour to do what I want with you
so it will have to wait for later." he said with a sly grin.

"Yer just a cock tease." I quipped with a giggle.

"Yup and I can't think of a cock I would rather tease.  Now let me get those
rings off, you won't be needing them tonight." he said.

I had forgotten all about the rings.  He quickly pulled each one off.  I got up
and headed for the shower which was in a room attached to the dressing room.

I turned the water on as hot as I could stand and jumped under.   I lasted
exactly thirty seconds before I jumped back out screaming and trying to hold my
ear lobes and my nipples at the same time.

"Ayyyyyiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"

Pat came rushing into the shower room.

"What's wrong, Harold."  he yelled out as he came rushing in.

He stopped dead in his tracks when he saw me dancing around screaming and
alternately shifting my hands from my ear lobes to my nipples and back.

"My fucking ears and nipples are on fire.  Oh fucking hell it hurts."  I cried
out.

He started laughing so hard he doubled over.  The fire in my lobes and nipples
was finally starting to ebb.

"Oh yeah, some fucking lover you turned out to be.   I'm in serious pain here
and you stand around laughing your fucking brains out.  Thanks bunches."  I
whined.

"Gawd I am sorry, Harold." he replied tears of laughter pouring down his cheeks.

"But it was so funny.   You will never believe how ridiculous you looked doing
that little dance."

"I was in some serious pain here, Pat."  I replied indignantly.

"I'm sorry I should have known better.   The lobes and nipples need to be rubbed
to bring the circulation back.   That hot water hitting them suddenly like that
is what set off the pain sensor.   I really am sorry Harold.  Please forgive
me."  he begged walking over and giving me a kiss.

I looked at him with a pouty look.

"I forgive you.   Just don't forget little things like that in the future,
please."  I smiled.

He was now helping me rub the sore areas.   They still hurt but the rubbing was
helping to lessen the pain and was actually beginning to feel rather good, my
dick was stirring.  Pat noticed: 

"None of that, Harold." he said as he turned me around and slapped me playfully
on the ass.

"Get back in that shower."

"Spoil sport."  I laughed, grabbing my ass and wiggling it as I headed back to
the shower.

I was very careful getting under the water this time.  I did not want a repeat
of a few minutes ago.   However the nerve ends all seemed to have settled down
and everything was ok.

There was a whole row of different types of shampoo on a little shelf in the
shower.    I picked up one for dry, unmanageable hair and lathered up.    The
shampoo foam was soon the most beautiful lilac colour from the dye used to
colour my hair.  At least they had not used a permanent hair coloring agent.

After cleaning all that shit out of my hair I used a big sponge and a bar of
white, very nice smelling soap to lather down my whole body.   It just felt so
great, the hot water, the wonderful smell of the soap.   I let the water cascade
down and rinse me.   I didn't want to get out from under the hot water, it felt
so good.

"Hey there slow poke, time's a wasting." Pat called.   "Get yer rear in gear,
boy."

"Ok, ok hold your horses.   Always someone to spoil a good thing." I yelled back
as I turned off the water.

I grabbed a big, white, fluffy towel from a pile on a shelf near the sink.   I
dried myself down good and headed into the dressing room.   Pat was standing
there naked.

"Oh, I like that."  I smiled.

"Well forget it for now, we gotta get dressed and get our hair done and we don't
have a lot of time left." 

"Yes boss."  I replied dropping the towel to the bench.

"Do it matter which of these I wear." I asked, referring to the skimpy outfits.

"Nope, they are both the same size." he replied.

I worked the leather vest off of the hanger.   It was a good looking vest, very
well made and the leather was very soft.  I slipped it over my shoulders, it
just hung loose, no buttons or anything.

Next I removed the shorts and I do mean shorts.  There was almost nothing too
them, including the crotch.   There wasn't one.   I slipped them on and pulled
them up.   They covered my ass and about two inches of the top of my thigh. The
crotch, as I mentioned was completely missing.

"Ain't much too these things Pat."  I observed.

He was just pulling up his own.

"No.  All the slaves will be wearing the same outfit tonight, so at least we
won't be centered out." he answered.

"Don't forget the leather cock ring, Harold." Pat informed me.  "That's the
little black leather belt around the top of the hanger."

I took the cock ring and put it around the root of my cock and balls.  It just
snapped into position and kind of forced my dick and balls outward.

"How's that?" I asked.

"You look good enough to eat." he replied with a grin.

"Din din time." I taunted, wiggling my hips and shaking my dick.

"Down boy, plenty of time for that later while."  he replied seductively.

I had to sit on the bench to put on the boots.   They came halfway up my calves
and fastened with Velcro tabs.   They were lined with a kind of fleece or
something that felt really fantastic on the feet.  I got up and walked around a
bit.

"I like these boots, Pat.  They feel great."

"Well make sure you bring them home with us then, you can keep them if you
want." he replied.

"Bet your ass I do, ain't never had anything on my feet that felt so good
before.  Don't let me forget."

"I won't." Pat promised.

"Now let me tell you what is basically going to happen tonight.  There will
probably be about ten or fifteen Master's here.  They are all into leather and
bondage.  Some are also into some mild S&M.   Nothing to worry about.   Oh, they
may sound gruff and menacing, but no one will do anything to hurt you.   It is
just a game. Ok."  Pat explained.

"Ok, seeing as you also are part of this I guess it can't be too bad."  I
replied.

"You will probably end up having a really good time and you may even get to
empty your nuts.   Depends on the Master that gets you, that is decided by lot.   
The names of all the slaves are placed on disks and dropped into a large pot.  
The Master all draw a disc and get the slave whose name appears.   If they draw
their own slave or get a slave they have had before they will dicker with
someone for an exchange." 

"The dickering can get really hot and heavy and often money starts to change
hands.  It is really a fun thing to watch, even though it may be you they are
haggling over." he finished explaining.

"Now let's go get our hair done." he said heading towards the bedroom, his ass
wiggling in the tight black shorts.  My dick started to stir again.

There were two slaves waiting for us as we entered.   They were dressed
identical to us.   Pat and I went over shook hands and sat down in the chairs
that were waiting.   This time I got to watch as the lad worked quickly to
colour my hair and then tease it into the most ridiculous curls.

I ended up with bright red, curly hair with black tips.   The lad accomplished
that in just over ten minutes.  Pat was finished at the same time and I nearly
split a gut when I saw him.

His hair had been coloured a bright, lime green, then spiked.   The tips were a
bright red, it looked absolutely ridiculous.   The two lads that did our hair
had weird colours as well, one a really gaudy orange, with ringlets, the other a
bright yellow with purple streaks.

Laughing we left the room, it felt really strange to be walking down the hallway
of a strange house, dressed like a freak and having my dick and balls sticking
out.  So far my dick had behaved itself, but I knew the moment I entered a room
full of people it would be standing straight up.

The two lads that did our hair led us to a staircase.   The party would take
place in the basement, Pat explained, it was a fairly large dungeon.   There
were also a dozen or more private rooms where the Master's could also take their
slaves, particularly if they intended to have sex.

That surprised me and I had to ask.

"You mean not all the Master's will require their slave to be involved in sex?"

"That's right.  Some just enjoy having total control over another human being
and will make the slave perform a number of degrading acts.   They get turned on
from this and will then go home and fuck the shit out of their partner or one of
their own slaves."  he explained.

"Well I hope I get a Master like that, I want to save myself just for you
tonight." I replied putting my arm around him and hugging him to me.

"Well even if you do get one that wants sex, he will most likely not make you
cum more than once.   That will leave plenty for me."  he smiled and hugged me
back.

Pat had been right about the dungeon.  It was huge and had all kinds of weird
equipment.   Most of it stuff I had never seen before. 

I got the impression they had been waiting for our arrival.   The Master's were
all down at one end of the room and the slaves were side by side in a long row,
on their knees and in the rest position at the other end of the room.

The four of us quickly got into position and kneeled down.  The Master's paid us
no attention and kept on talking.   I kept my eyes on the floor about ten feet
ahead.  I was actually looking at what appeared to be a metal stock.  It didn't
look very comfortable and hoped I wouldn't end up spending anytime in it.

The Master's kept us there for about another ten minutes or so.   Then Sir
George announced the draw.

"Gentlemen, we are honoured this evening to have Master Charlie, Senior Master
of the World Congress join with us for our games.  Master Charlie would you
please do us the honour of drawing the first disc."  it was phrased as a
question but was meant as an invitation.

Charlie smiled, walked over to the pot and dipped his hand in and pulled out his
disc.    Then Sir George followed suit, then each of the other's in turn moved
up and dipped a hand into the pot.

After each had drawn they then announced the name they had drawn.  Charlie
began, he had chosen someone name, Wingate.   What a dumb name I thought.

Each Master in the same order they had drawn announced their draw.   A heavy set
Master, with a chubby, friendly face announced:

"Harold."

He smiled happily and I saw a few of the other frown.   One of the frowners was
Sir George.   He had drawn someone named, Dickface.   After the last Master made
his announcement, the bartering began.   Sir George made a beeline for the
Master that had drawn my name.

It was very obvious that Sir George wanted me in the worst way and I had a
terrible feeling he was going to get his way.  

The Master that had drawn my name was the fourth last one to draw.   I assumed
that made him a lower echelon Master and he would be willing to do just about
anything to curry favor with Sir George.

I should have been a fortune teller because after only a few words I watched as
they traded discs.   Sir George smiled happily and I was sure he was going to
get to enjoy his fun night tormenting me.  Now I wonder why I thought that?

I watched as a few of the others continued to bargain.    Two in particular had
my attention, one of them had Pat's disc and didn't want to give it up.  I could
hear the other making all kinds of promises and he kept raising the amount of
money he was willing to pay.  It was up to two thousand pounds but it didn't
look like he would be successful.

Suddenly a bell rang and all haggling ceased.

"Let the games begin." Sir George announced.

He then headed right for me.

"On your feet Harold." he said, showing me the disc with my name on it. 

"Follow me."

I got up and followed him.   He headed to the other end of the dungeon.   All
along the wall were doors.   He opened one and held it for me.

"Come right in Harold." he smiled.

I was a little up tight.   I didn't like this man and the things I had heard
about him were confirmed by my own experiences with him so far.

"Ah, you look a little nervous, Harold.  No need to be.   This is a fun night,
the whole idea is for everyone to have a good time." he said congenially.

Then I noticed that there were two other Master's in the room.

"Let me introduce you to Masters Sterling and Collins.   They are brand new
Master's, still don't have any slaves of their own.   You might say they are
Master's in training.   They are going to join us, you don't mind do you?"  he
asked in a very friendly manner.

He had put me completely at ease.   I was figuring that maybe I had misjudged
him.

"No Sir, that will be fine Sir."  I replied.

"Have you ever been in a sling before Harold?" he asked.

"Yes Sir, once."

"Good, good.   Ok go over and lie down and we will get you secured."  he
ordered.

I did as I was told and the two young Master soon had me fastened to the sling
securely.  Cuffs had been placed around my wrists and anchored to chains that
were pulled taunt.   My legs were spread and also secured.   Once they were
finished I could not move at all.

Sir George pulled a wicked looking knife from a sheath attached to his waist.  
He held it up and let the light reflect on it.

"Gentlemen, this little prick cost me $10, 000 pounds this afternoon by his
abysmal behavior.  His Master has let him get away with it.   Now that is not
right, gentlemen.   A slave must never, ever be permitted to be disrespectful to
a Master, particularly in front of others and in a public place."  Sir George
spoke directly to the two young men, ignoring me.

I didn't like the sound of his words, nor the menace the knife he was flashing
around.

"Sir George, if you do anything to hurt me Master Charlie will have your head.  
Believe me Sir, he does not fool around.  There are three Master's rotting away
in some Asian bordello, because they tried something with me that Charlie didn't
like.   I know form experience that he won't hesitate to get revenge on anyone
that hurts me."  I blurted out, now really afraid this nut case was going to do
something stupid.

"I think the animal is making sounds we don't want to hear.   Do you know what
to do with animals that make sounds without permission?"  he asked of the two.

"Yes Sir." one of them answered and disappeared from view for a moment.

He returned a moment later with a cock gag.

"The fucking animal will open it's mouth." he ordered.

"Fuck you!" I said then began to scream for Charlie.

The other young man went between my legs and grabbed my nuts and began to
squeeze.   My screams for Charlie turned to screams of pain.   The one with the
gag seized the opportunity and rammed the gag home filling my mouth.

I fought him, trying to spit it out and shaking my head from side to side.   The
other prick came up and grabbed my head and held it still.   All I had to fight
off the two of them was my head.   It really wasn't all that difficult for them
to get the gag in place and secured.

A hose was attached to the front and a small hand pump was used to inflate the
rubber cock inside my mouth.  I felt it grow and grow.   It pushed to the back
of my mouth and started to enter my throat.

"That should be good."  Sir George said as he walked up between my legs, still
brandishing the knife.

"Have you ever wondered what it would be like to have your nuts cut off?   To be
castrated?   Made into a thing?   Your manhood gone?"  he asked me, a cold, evil
smirk on his face.

I had been through this shit before and was now really scared.   That strength I
had acquired back at the hospital.  The strength that had let me do so much
damage, I tried to summon it back.

I pulled and tugged wildly on the chains attached to the cuffs on my wrists.  I
must have looked pretty wild to Sir George because he just smiled and lowered
the knife.

If I could have got free I would have killed him without even thinking.   But
the quality of the bindings was high and they held me tight.

"Just a little swish, swish and no more balls." he smiled.

I thought for sure, my nuts were gone, this time.   Sir George did not strike me
as the kind that played games.  I closed my eyes and tried to summon every once
of strength in my body to break the chains, but it was no use.  All I succeeded
in doing was chaffing my wrists and ankles pretty bad.

He was watching my face and smiling.  I felt his hand or something, touch my
pubs and my heart gave an awful jolt and began to beat wildly.   I can not
describe how helpless I felt at that moment.  It was even worse than when those
guys had pulled this at the hospital.

Then I felt the tight waist band of the shorts release.   He had cut the shorts. 
Then the knife was pushed into one of the legs and the little piece of material
around my thigh was cut, then the other.

His eyes and the evil smile never left my face for a moment.   Then I felt him
grasp the shorts and pull them away from me.   My bottom was now naked.

"Relax Harold, I am not going to castrate you, although if you were mine, I
wouldn't hesitate." he said with a smile.

"No, we are not going to castrate you but in a very short while I think your
going to wish we had.   You really need to be punished for your insolence and
that is what we are going to do for the next couple of hours."

Stirling walked up to me and pulled back the vest so my chest was exposed.   He
then held up an evil little device and waved it in front of my face, making sure
I could see it.

It was a stick with a heavy duty elastic attached.  The loose end of the elastic
had a knot tied in it.  He then moved it to my chest.

I lifted my head and watched as he held the stick about two inches from my left
nipple and pulled back on the elastic.   I knew what he was going to do and
tried to scream for him to stop, but all that came through the cock gag were
muffled sounds.

He had stretched the elastic as far back as he could get it.   He looked at me
and smiled, then looked back at my nipple and let go of the elastic.

The knot hit my left nipple with tremendous force.   The pain was indescribable.   
I screamed for all I was worth, but very little sound made its way through the
gag.

I was pulling and twisting on my bonds again.    The pain wouldn't stop, it had
crisscrossed my chest a dozen times in just nano seconds.   I wanted to double
up but the bonds held me ridged.

"I think he rather enjoyed that, Sir George.   Should I do it again?"  Stirling
asked.

"Why certainly old boy.   Must treat our guests with the same respect they show
us."  Sir George answered.

Sterling grasped the knot and pulled back on the elastic again.   The pain in my
nipple still hadn't eased.   Tears of agony were flowing from my eyes as I
watched him prepare to do it again.

I was shaking my head no and trying to beg, but it had no effect, he kept
pulling that elastic slowly back until it was as far back as he could get it.

"Here ya go fucker." he said and released the elastic again.

The pain was ten times worse when that knot struck my nipple.    I was screaming
again and my breathing had gotten out of control.   I was gasping trying to get
more air into my lungs through my nose while at the same time I was trying to
scream out my pain.

"Do you think our guest is learning his lesson?"  Sir George asked.

"Well Sir,"  Sterling answered,  "I do think we have his attention.  Collins
would you like to do the honors on his right nipple?" he asked.

"Most certainly dear chap, be my pleasure.   Always like to help errant slaves
learn some manners."  Collins answered jovially.

My left nipple was still on fire.  It felt like it had been torn off and a red
hot poker inserted.  I was still crying and tugging on my chains.   My head was
swishing back and forth.

Through bleary eyes I watched Collins pull back on the knot.   Oh gawd, I tried
to beg through the gag.   No more!  Please stop, I will apologize, I will do
anything, please stop.   But it was all to no avail, they were going to do
whatever they wanted and there was not a damned thing I would be able to do to
stop them.

Collins had the elastic pulled all the way back and he let it go.  Now my right
nipple erupted in the same white hot agony that my left was enjoying.  My eyes
became so bleary I could no longer see my antagonists.   For me, the only thing
that existed was the intolerable pain on my chest.   Two white hot blobs that
burned and pulled at all my chest muscles.

Suddenly my right nipple exploded in pain again.   That was all I could stand,
the agony was just too much and that dark place soon enveloped me.

A white specter met me right away as I entered the dark place.

"You can't stay here, go, go." it shouted at me.  

I backed away and it came towards me still shouting the same thing.

"Go away, go, go."  

I started to choke and cough and gasp, my entire bronchial system had been
invaded by the most wretched smell.  The dark place faded away and I was back in
the world of agony.

"You don't get away from it that easy, Harold.   You must experience the full
measure of the pain before you can experience the pleasure."  Sir George said in
an evil, wicked voice.

I could barely hear him for the noise I was making.    The gag may have muffled
my screams to the outside world, but it had no muffling effect within.    The
full force of my screams were travelling to my ears through the vibrations
created by my tortured vocal cords.

I felt a sudden coldness on each of my burning, aching nipples.  I opened my
bleary eyes and could just make out Sterling and Collins, each rubbing a nipple.

The more they rubbed the colder my nipples became.   As they cooled, the pain
began to ebb.  As the pain ebbed, I stopped screaming, the rubbing of my nipples
began to feel good.   There was still pain but it was easing.

Then there was warmth around my nuts.  It took a few moments for me to recognize
the feeling.  It was a tongue, a hot tongue, licking gently against my nut sac.  
What only a few moments ago had been absolute agony suddenly became very erotic.  
I let out a small moan of pleasure.

The cold was removed from my nipples and I felt hot tongues licking gently
against them.    It was very erotic and felt divine.   My dick began to stir,
the first real stirring since that little episode earlier at Sir George's tea
house or whatever the hell they called them over here.

Sir George, or at least I believed it to be Sir George had taken my left nut
into his mouth and was working it with his tongue.   While his two apprentices
graduated from licking my nipples to sucking gently on them.   Hands were also
busy caressing and fondling my body.

I was starting to breath hard again only this time from erotic pleasure.   One
of them, not sure which reached behind my head and unfastened the strap for the
gag.  Then he pulled the little air release valve and the air inside the rubber
cock hissed out.   A moment later he pulled the gag off.

My moans were now audible and they were moans of pleasure not pain.   Sir
George's tongue had progressed from my nuts to my pussy.    His tongue rimming
my rose bud expertly and sending thrills all through my body.

Sterling and Collins continued to suckle my nipples and fondle me with warm,
sensual hands.   I was getting more and more turned on, my cock was pulsing and
throbbing and I am sure leaking precum all over.   But no one touched it. 

Sir George pushed his tongue deep inside my pussy.   Sterling and Collins were
doing great things with their mouths on my tits and their hands were massaging
my nuts, but my dick was left completely alone.

Sir George pulled his tongue from my hot pussy and I felt great disappointment.  
I wanted that tongue back, instead I felt a finger take its place, which was
quite ok by me.   He worked that finger around expertly, sending thrill after
thrill through my system.

A second, then a third finger joined the single digit and they were causing my
hips to involuntarily try to hump.  However the straps around my waist made that
impossible.    My hips didn't pay any attention to the impossibility of the act,
they continued to try to hump anyway.

The three fingers were completely withdrawn and I gave a little moan of
disappointment.   But it was only for a moment.   Then they were back but they
felt really cold and were joined by a fourth.   I quickly realized that the cold
was some kind of lube.   It warmed up pretty quick and those four fingers were
working wildly around my pussy.

Suddenly, Sterling and Collins pulled completely away from me and Sir George
stopped moving his four fingers around inside my pussy.   He held them very,
very still.    My pussy wanted movement, I was trying to provide that movement
but the straps wouldn't let me.

"You can now say you have been royally fucked, Harold."  Sir Charles exclaimed
and at the same moment drove his hand and arm into my bowels.

The pain was sudden and intense.   It started at my sphincter and quickly worked
its way to my brain.  

"Ayyyyyyiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeee.   Ayyyyiiiiiiieeeeeee."  I screamed.

I was sure Sir George's arm was buried all the way to his elbow up my back end. 
He had driven in and then held perfectly still while I screamed out my protest.  
My cock, which had been happily throbbing away, fell flat.

"I get the very distinct impression Harold did not like this."  Sir George said
in a, too fucking bad boy but that's life, tone.

"Sure didn't, Sir George, but he must be a fucking wimp, look how he reacted to
those little love snips we gave his nipples earlier."  Stirling replied in a
rather snobbish type voice.

"Well let's see if we can improve his disposition and make a man of him.  Get
ready for a good fist fucking Harold."  Sir George said and began to drive his
fist in and out of my back end.

Sterling and Collins went back to working my nipples and fondling me.  At first
I didn't like the feeling of Sir George's fist pounding its way in and out of my
ass.   But slowly it began to feel very erotic and my dick rose up again.

They soon had me gasping in pleasure again.   I couldn't believe that I would
ever enjoy anyone doing that to me, but I did.   I felt really let down when Sir
George finally had had enough of this little game and pulled his arm out of my
pussy.

He just pulled out and walked away.   I looked to see where he had gone and saw
him pick up a towel from a bench by the wall.  I also noticed that at some point
he had stripped off all his clothes.  All he was wearing was a leather and chain
harness across his chest.

His cock was standing straight up.  It wasn't a large cock, but it wasn't
anything to be ashamed of either.   In fact it was about the same as mine.  Six
to six and a half inches and uncut.  He cleaned his hand on the towel as he
walked back towards me.   His cock swinging proud and tall in front of him.

"Time to thank the Master for making you feel good Harold."  he said as he
approached my head and I knew what was coming.  

He wanted a blow job.  He walked up right behind my head and released something
and my head was no longer supported.   He physically placed a hand on my
forehead and pushed my head back.

His throbbing manhood was pointing right for my mouth.   His average size balls
were right in front of my eyes.  He was not extremely hairy but the hair he did
have was a dark brown.

"Now let's see if you know how to please your Master."  he said moving his dick
up to my mouth.

As I may have mentioned before, once or twice, I do love the feel and taste of a
cock in my mouth.   My tongue reached out and licked the underside of his dick. 
It is really difficult to try and give a good blow job when you can only move
your head from side to side.

I did my best and finally decided the only thing I could really do, would be to
take it in my mouth.   I knew enough tricks that I was sure I could make Sir
George cum whenever I wanted.  As long as his cock was within range of my lips,
tongue and hot mouth, I was in control, not him.

I took the swollen, throbbing head into my mouth, continuing to flick my tongue
along the underside of the great purple beast.  A great dollop of precum leaked
out and dropped onto the back of my tongue.   I got an immediate taste of sweet
masculinity, which caused my own cock to give a jump.

Sterling and Collins were still treating my nipples to a lip, tongue and mouth
bath/massage.  Their hands continued roaming and taking turns massaging my nuts
and now and again playing with my pussy.   My sphincter was sucking in and out,
my bowels felt empty and I wanted so much to have them filled again, by cock or
fist, at this moment I really didn't care which.

But in all of this stimulation, nothing touched my dick.  If my hands had been
free you can bet your nuts I would have been pulling my pud.

Sir George was now moaning from my oral ministrations on the head of his
phallus.  I could feel the minute pushes of his hips as the beginnings of
involuntary humping took place in his hip muscles.  The over empowering need to
feel my throat muscles embracing and milking his love muscle was taking over his
staid self-control.

It was time for me to gorge myself on this hot, slab of fuck meat. I leaned my
head as far back as I could and opened my throat.  I pushed my head as far
forward as I could and his hot rod started to enter my throat.   That was all
the incentive he needed to push forward at the same time and his dick slid down
my throat.

He began a slow fucking of my face, pulling his dick almost all the way out. 
The purple, pulsing head just touching my lips before he thrust it back into my
constricting, beckoning, throat pussy.

As his rod pistoned in and out I began to constrict and release my throat
muscles providing more stimulation to his already over stimulated piece. 

"Yes, oh fucking yes.   Yes, there. Oh yeah, oh my, that is wonderful.   Suck me
pig, suck me."

His words only served to turn me on even more than I had been.  One of the
others, I think it was Collins, because he had been on my right, stopped the
oral stimulation to my right nipple.  A finger and thumb took the place of that
hot mouth.

A moment later a hot tongue was licking the head of my throbbing cock.   I let
out a moan of pure delight.   Sir George's cock was all the way down my throat
at that moment and received the full benefit of the vibrations from my moan of
pleasure.   This in turn brought a squeal of delight from deep within him.

"Oh fuck yeah.   Oh you fucking pig, you are one hell of a cocksucker.  Oh
fucking yeah."

Collins began to really work my dick and the feelings were great.   I was
moaning constantly now and Sir George was the benefactor of those moans. 
Without any warning he suddenly began to shoot his hot seed down my throat.  At
the precise moment he began to shoot, Collins pulled his mouth away from my dick
and Sterling backed away from my tit.

I was now totally void of stimulation other than Sir George's cock pounding the
shit out of my oral cavity and throat as he emptied his nuts.  A couple of his
shots were directly in my mouth and the wonderful taste of him filled my senses.

How could anyone that was such an asshole, taste so fucking good I wondered. 
Hell I almost blew my own load just from that fucking taste.

After shooting his last load he pushed his dick all the way down, deep into my
throat.   His nuts pushed into my nose, his pubs tightly into my chin.  This
action completely blocked my air way.   I had not expected this and had been
exhaling at the time.   I was now caught with no air in my lungs and the prick
had cut off my only means of relief.

For the first few seconds it was not a problem.   But when your lungs are empty
and you can not fill them, it does not take long for the panic to start.

I needed fresh air.   I tried moving my head to let Sir George know, but he paid
no attention.   He held his crotch tight against my face.   My lungs and chest
muscles were now involuntarily trying desperately to bring in fresh air and
failing miserably.

It seemed like Sir George had been blocking my airways for an hour.   My panic
had reached full blown proportions and I was ready to bite his fucking cock off
if I had to.   I was just preparing to bite down when he finally pulled the
damned thing out.

I sucked in a large lung full of cool, life giving air but I had been so short
of air, the automatic breathing triggers were out of control.   My breathing was
in big gasps and I was just short of hyperventilating, trying to fill my blood
supply with life giving oxygen.

I heard a door open and then close, but I was so intent on getting the air into
my system that I did not pay any attention.

Finally my system settled down.  I opened my eyes and looked around.   It was
very quiet in the room, not a sound.  I looked around but the room was empty.  
I was alone, now where the fuck had they gone, I wondered.

I now discovered a new torture.  Sir George had not replaced the straps that had
been holding my head up earlier.  Now I had to do it with my neck muscles and
they were starting to knot.  I let my head fall back, but when your not doing
anything from this position, like taking a big hunk of man meat down your
throat, it is very uncomfortable.

They had to have left me like that for a good fifteen to twenty minutes.   When
they returned I didn't know whether to be happy or to quake in fear for what was
to come.

"Well, well, well, look at that lads, Charlie was right, the little pig can not
control his cock.   It is still standing straight up."  Sir George said
sarcastically after they had entered and closed the door.

"Make your cock dance." Sir George ordered.

I didn't know what the fucking he was talking about.   How the hell do I make my
cock dance?  I thought.  I shouldn't have taken the time to think I should have
just done it, even though I didn't know what I was supposed to do.

"Twaaaaaaaaaack" the sound of tight leather slapping forcefully against tight
skin, echoed around the room.

This was followed by one mighty scream from the lips of one unsuspecting, bound
slave.

"Ayyyyyyyiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeee." I screamed out in agony as the quirt landed on
my unprotected bottom. 

"Sir George gave you a fucking order pig, now make that dick dance."  Sterling
ordered maliciously.

I turned my head from looking at Sir George to look at Sterling who had moved to
my opposite side and was raising a riding crop to give me another wallop.

"I don't understand Sir, what is it you want?"  I cried out desperately, still
not understanding the order.

The only explanation that was forth coming was the sting of the crop as it gave
my ass another wallop.   The fucking thing really stung and I let out another
cry of pain.

"I am going to beat your ass to a bloody pulp if you don't obey the Master's
orders.   Make that fucking cock dance."  Sterling ordered again.

Desperate to have him stop with the fucking crop I sent a signal to my dick and
it bounced.

"That's better," Sterling observed, but not quite good enough, do it faster.

Then the quirt hit me again.

At least now I knew what they wanted and began to make my dick bob up and down.  
I did it as fast as I could, but it is hard to do that continuously.  Mind you
when someone is standing over you with a quirt and not afraid to use it on you,
you do your best even though it is hurting.

"That's better Harold."  Sir George said amiably.

"If you had done that in the first place there would have been no need to punish
you.  Now you have given poor Master Sterling a hard on, Harold.  Unsatisfied
hard-ons can lead to pain in ones groin.   You wouldn't want Master Sterling to
suffer pain, now would you?" he asked in a, gawd your stupid tone.

"No Sir, I wouldn't want him to suffer Sir."  I answered quickly, knowing that
if I didn't respond the way he wanted that quirt would redden my ass some more.

"Then what do you propose he do about that big hard on, Harold?" 

"Master Sterling Sir, please use my body to satisfy your need to relieve the
pressure in your testicles."  I answered figuring I had to be very careful on my
choice of words.

"Now that is awfully decent of you old chap, I shall take you up on that offer." 
Sterling replied in that fucking haughty voice of his.

He was standing off to my left and I could only see the upper portions of his
body.   I watched as he bent over a bit and suspected he was removing his
trousers.   I couldn't remember exactly what it was he was wearing, I only knew
it was black and leather.

Once they were off he started to walk towards my head.   When his cock came in
view I gave a little gasp.  It was only about seven inches long fully erect, but
the fucking thing was three or four inches in circumference.   It was fucking
huge.   There was no way at all that I would ever be able to take that monster
in my mouth.   It was just too fucking big.

When he placed the big, throbbing, purple head against my lips I knew I was
right.   No one would ever be able to get their mouths open wide enough to take
that dong.   I stuck my tongue out and began to lick.

"Make sure you wet it good, Dickhead."  Sterling growled.

"That's all the lube you are going to get before I fuck your pussy."

I was a little afraid now.   This cock had to be bigger than Sir George's fist
and arm.   It was going to hurt and it might even cause me damage.  I did my
best to wet it all over, but I was limited because of the confines of my bonds.

I did manage to use my lips and tongue to give him some good sensations.   He
was starting to moan from my ministrations.   He must really have been enjoying
because he let me work that cock for quite a while before he finally pulled away
and moved down between my legs.  A long silver thread of precum followed him.

My own cock was bouncing up and down and demanding stimulation, stimulation that
was not forthcoming.  All three of them ignored my needs and concentrated on
their own.  

While Sterling was moving down between my legs I noticed Sir George and Collins
in a wild embrace, kissing.   From the movement of their cheeks and throat
muscles it was obvious they were swallowing tongue.

Sterling grabbed onto my legs, which brought my attention back to him real
quick.   He was about to plunge that monstrosity deep into my in inner reaches.  
To say I was up tight at this point would be a rather conservative estimate of
how I was feeling.  The understatement of understatements, I should suspect.

"Now you get to feel a real cock, piggy boy." he said as he pushed the head of
his dick against my recently enlarged hole.

It suddenly dawned on me why Sir George had fisted me.  He was preparing me for
Sterling's huge cock.  I would never have been able to take it with out
preparation.  This thing could cause serious damage to a sphincter that has not
been relaxed and stretched prior to penetration. 

Sterling pushed the head against my rose bud and pushed gently.  My sphincter
opened and it began to slide in.   I must admit Sterling was careful not to do
me any damage.   He worked that giant cockhead carefully in and out loosening
the opening even more.  Preparing it for the giant shaft still to follow.

Deeper and deeper into my bowels the huge dick crept.  I was amazed that it did
not cause me more agonizing pain.   From what these three bastards had done to
me so far I was expecting more.  That he was gentle, was a surprise and a big
relief.

I had never experienced my pussy so full.  He was all the way in and had stopped
for a moment, resting, letting my insides get used to the enormity of his cock,
his nuts touching against mine.   He then began a slow fuck, pulling almost all
the way out then plunging back in.  His cock was so big it rubbed against my
prostate the whole time his dick was inside.   It was a constant stimulation
sending fantastic feelings through my groin to my fevered brain.

The next thing I know, Sir George and Collins are standing at either side of my
head.   Two throbbing dicks are slapped down on my face at the same time.   They
didn't have to say a word, I knew what was expected and my mouth opened and my
tongue shot out.

I had never done two cocks at the same time before.   Both heads were being
rubbed across my lips as my tongue licked at which ever one it could reach. 
Precum was dripping from both and I loved it.   Then I felt a hand at each
nipple, but still they did not touch my cock.   It was bouncing and throbbing
and demanding attention, but they ignored it.

Sterling had picked up the pace, ramming his monster home with much more force
and less gentleness then earlier.  He had a tight grip on my legs, using them to
give himself the leverage he needed.  His breathing had quickened and he was
almost gasping for air.

My own breathing had picked up as my pleasure center became overloaded with
erotic sensations.  Every nerve in my body was alive and sending signals all at
the same time.  

My tongue was working feverishly on the underside of Collins cock.  Without
warning he began to spurt and he let out a squeal of pure delight.

"Oh yessssssssssss."

His hot dick snot flew across the top of Sir George's hard dick and splattered
against his pubs.   Sir George was not shaved, Collins seed splashed all through
the hair and the first shot was soon followed by a second.

Collins had grabbed onto his cock and was now wanking like his life depended on
it.   Great gobs of cum splashed against my cheek and then one shot hit the head
of Sir George's dick head, which I was now licking.  I greedily slurped it in
and licked harder on that purple head.

With Collins out of the picture, Sir George reached over and turned my head
towards his dick and he plunged it deep into my throat.   I loved it.   He was
really turned on by now and started to hump my face pretty hard and fast.

Watching Collins blow like that must have been a really erotic scene for
Sterling.   He was pounding very hard now.  That in turn had increased the
sensations against my prostate and my prostate said, "Ok Harold, your time has
come to cum."   

Sterling was on an inward thrust, the sensations were more than my poor prostate
could stand and I began to shoot my load.   It was a big load.  These guys had
been teasing me for at least a couple of hours.    The first shot went high in
the air.   Sir George was not even looking at my dick and completely missed it,
until that first rope splashed into his right hear.

He was taken completely by surprise, pulling back and away from me.  His cock
had been all the way down my throat and when he pulled back he did it fast.   He
almost pulled my tonsils, my tongue and gawd only knows what else out, with the
force of his retreat.

My cock didn't give a shit, it let fly with another string, followed by another. 
It was spell binding to watch these large ropes of cum fly through the air.   It
was almost as if a slow motion camera had been turned on.   I could actually see
them fly out and upward, twisting and turning as they flew.  Changing their
shape, reaching the summit of their climb they turn over and begin the plunge
back to earth.

I shot off eight large ropes and three smaller ones before my nuts were emptied. 
Sir George had returned and had his dick deep down my throat again.

Just before my nuts were sated, Sterling began to shoot forth his seed.   It was
hot and filled my bowels, coated his cock and soon my entire pussy was one mass
of squishing, hot cum.   Still Sterling continued to pound away, emptying his
sac.

Sterling was just pulling out of my pussy when Sir George began to unload.  Sir
George's cum was delicious.   It had a flavor like none I had ever tasted
before.   He may have been a prick of the first order but he also had the
sweetest cum I have ever tasted.

I sucked fast not wanting to loose any of his wonderful man juice.     Sir
George continued to hump until his nuts were sated once more, then he pulled
away.   I was a bit disappointed, I would have liked to suck on his knob just a
little longer to make sure I had got all of his precious juice.

"Well lads, we have worked hard and had a good time.   I think we should adjourn
to the showers and then go have a nice cold beer."  Sir George said to his
mates.

"Sounds like a jolly great idea, Sir George.   Should we let the pig down?" 
Sterling asked.

"Nah.   Leave him there.   The cleaning staff will let him down later.   It
isn't worth wasting our time on."  he replied.

The fucker was going to leave me here, while he went off to shower and enjoy a
cool drink.  Nice fucking Master he turns out to be.  At least Charlie rewards
his slaves when they perform well.  But I had to pee and I need a cold drink, my
mouth was a bit sore from all the sucking.

"Sir George, Sir." I called out respectfully.

"My bladder is full, Sir and I need a drink of water, my throat is a bit sore,
Sir."

"Is that so!"  he said turning.

"Well now, never let it be said that Sir George and his assistants ever let a
slave go thirsty.  Right lads." he said.

"Right, Sir George." they both answered at once.

Then the three of them headed back towards me.    I suddenly had a feeling I
should have kept my fucking mouth shut.  Less than thirty seconds later I was
rewarded with the knowledge that my feeling had been right.

All three of them took up a position by my head, pulled out their cocks and
began to piss in my face.  I kept trying to move my mouth and nose away from the
streams, but they followed my every twist and turn, laughing and enjoying
themselves.

Their piss was strong and acrid.   It got in my eyes and was burning.   Some
went up my nose and caused that burning sensation in the nose that leads to
sneezing.   As I sneezed, more piss entered my nostrils and into my mouth.  All
three of them must have had a gallon of piss in their bladders.   I didn't think
the flows would ever end.  

By the time they were finished I could not see very well.   The salty piss had
caused burning in my eyes and blurring.  I shook my head trying to get the
fucking stuff off and spitted and sputtered trying to get it out of my mouth.

"There you go Harold that should have quenched your thirst but I don't hear you
thanking us."  Sir George said threateningly.

"Thank you Sir George, Master Sterling, Master Collins for providing this
worthless slave with a drink."  I said quickly before the Sonofabitch decided to
do something worse.

"Ah, that's better.   I do think this slave is starting to learn some manners." 
Sir George stated.

"Well you are the finest, most successful slave trainer in the world, Sir
George.   Master Charlie should be grateful for your efforts tonight."  Sterling
said ingratiatingly, the little snot.

"Oh you are so correct, Sterling my boy." he said placing an arm on the little
pricks shoulder and heading for the door.

Just as he got there, he turned.  

"If you must piss, Harold by all means go ahead and do so.   But I shall
instruct the cleaning staff that if they should find any puddles within twenty
feet of you, they are to give you five swats with the quirt on your nuts."  he
then turned opened the door and they left, all three of them laughed
uproariously.

"Bastard." I said as the door closed.

So now I had to lay here with my eyes burning, my throat crying for water and my
bladder full and wanting release.   How long would it be before the cleaning
staff would come along to release me, I wondered.

Surely it wouldn't be too long.   Pat would be asking for me.   My bladder was
really full and was beginning to be very, very uncomfortable.

The piss on my face was beginning to itch.  

The piss!!!!!

The fucking piss!!!!

Sir George's parting words,

"Any puddles within twenty feet and they will give you five swats on your nuts
with the quirt."

There was a big fucking puddle right under my head from those three pissing on
my face.   If he told the cleaning staff, "within twenty feet," that would
include that puddle.     If Pat didn't get here first I was going to get five
whacks with a quirt against my nuts.   Now I was, fucking scared.

I figured my only hope was to get Pat or Charlie's attention.

"Pat, Master Charlie!"  I screamed at the top of my lungs, over and over.

I figured sound, if it is loud enough must travel through these walls, otherwise
why did he gag me?

I continued screaming until I was hoarse.   My throat just couldn't do it any
longer and I gave up.  A few moments later the door opened.

"Ere now wots oll this noise, then?" a short, heavy set man of about 30, asked
in a very strange accent.

"Would you please go get Master Charlie or Pat for me please, it is urgent and
very, very important."  I said through my hoarse throat.

"Not bloody likely mate.  Oi don't wont me bullocks knockered the way oi aum
goin' ta knock yers.  Sir George said any puddles wif in twa-ey feet and yer 'as
one at yer 'ead."  he said as he walked over to the wall and took down the short
quirt.

"Gawd don't do it."  I begged.

"It was a big mistake.   He meant if I pissed myself.   He and the other two
Master's made the puddle by my head, that wasn't what he meant."  I cried out in
a panic.

Oh fuck Pat, where are you when I need you, I thought.

"Now'ats just too bad now ain't it, mate.   Sir George saiys twa-ey feet, Oi
acts on twa-ey feet.   Now yer gets yer five whacks on yer nuts, wi this ere
kert afore Oi lets yer down.  An'at, me boyo, is'at."

It was obvious he had done this before.   He had a roll of tape and he taped my
dick to my abs.   Then he wrapped tap around my nut sac forcing my nuts to the
bottom.   Then he took a long piece, placed the middle under my nut sac and
pulled the two ends up towards my pubs and taped them down.   This had the
effect of raising my now tightly bound nuts up in the air and fully exposing
them for whatever this idiot wanted to do.

"You lay even one whack with that thing on my fucking nuts and I swear Master
Charlie will have your ass.   Now I have given you fair warning, if you proceed
whatever happens to you will be your own fault."  I tried to scare him, but it
didn't work.

"Oi don't takes me o-des from no Mauhster Charlie, Oi don't.   Sir George says
jump, Oi jumps."  he said, stood back and raised the quirt.

He brought it down with considerable force onto my exposed nuts.  The pain was
indescribable.    I let out a scream that would have wakened the dead I am sure.  
Well it may not have wakened the dead but it sure as hell got lots of attention.  
Before the fool could raise the quirt again the door burst open and Master
Charlie came rushing in.

I was screaming in white hot agony as Charlie rushed over, grabbed the quirt and
from the startled man.   He folded his big fist around it, hauled back and let
the guy have it square on the nose, with all the force he could muster.  The guy
went flying back, smashed into the wall, cracking his head, I heard it hit, then
he slid down to the floor, out cold.

Pat came in the door followed by a few of the other Master's just as the man
reached the floor.   Charlie had made his way to my head.

"You ok, Harold."  he asked very concerned.

"My nuts Sir, oh gawd they hurt.   Oh fuck my nuts, he hit them with that
fucking quirt."  I cried out.

"Get him the fuck down.   Get him up to the room and changed.   Then make a call
to Master Grenfield, we will be moving over there for the night."  he said to
Pat.  

Then he turned and talked quietly to a bunch of the other Master's and they all
seemed to be in agreement.   A moment later, Sir George walked in.

"What the hell is going on here?"  he asked in a very irritated voice.

"Well I will tell you George, you have just been deposed.  By the authority
invested in me as the Senior Magistrate of the World Congress of Master's and
Slaves I here by revoke your authority as a Senior Master.   You will be held in
your own cells until you are brought before a council of your peers."  Charlie
told the startled Sir George.

"You can't do this you fucking asshole." Sir George spit out.

"Oh yes I can and have, George.   The World Congress has had dozens of
complaints.   Part of the reason for my visit was to see for myself just how
badly you have been misusing your powers.  I am afraid that there is enough
evidence and it is very solid.   The hearing will be held tomorrow at two
o'clock in the afternoon."  Charlie replied.

"You may choose two Master's too speak for you, however those Master's must
agree.  Master Edward's will be your liaison to contact those whom you believe
will stand up for you.  Give him the names, he will make the call.  You may
contact as many Master's as you wish, but you may not speak with them personally
unless they agree to represent you.  Once you have your two representatives you
will not be permitted any other outside contacts."  Charlie said, his anger
under tight control.

"Now get the Sonofabitch out of my sight."  he commanded.

By this time Pat and a couple of the other Master's had removed the tape from my
nuts.   The pain had eased considerably.   They unfastened my legs and then
lowered the rear of the sling so my feet touched the floor.    Then they
unfastened all the other straps and the cuffs holding my arms.   I was surprised
that I was able to stand up.   My nuts were still a bit sore but I was able to
walk.

One of the Master's brought in a pair of sweat suite bottoms for me to pull on. 
Pat helped me get them on then we left the room.  We went back up to the room we
had been assigned.   Pat sent me in to have a quick shower to get the grease
cleaned off of my ass.

When I got back he had some casual clothes laid out on the bed for me.   He was
on the phone talking with someone and finished by saying:

"We should be there within the hour."  he said and hung up.

"How are your nuts feeling now, Harold?" Pat asked as he placed the head set in
the cradle.

"A little tender but I will survive."  I replied with a smile.

"Got some fresh clothes for you." he said indicating the casual wear laid out on
the bed.

"Are we going somewhere?" I asked.

"Yes Charlie is moving us to Master Grenfield's place.   You will really like
him Harold.   He is 78 and a bit frail, had a serious heart attack a few years
ago and has never fully recovered.  However, he has a half dozen devoted slaves
that look after his every need."

"Normally when we are in London we stay with him.  But because of this thing
with Sir George, Charlie felt he would get a better feel for what was going on
if we stayed here.  We had reports of him running rough shod over other Master's
and their slaves.  However we did not expect him to be so brazen as to actually
do physical harm to a slave belonging to the Senior Magistrate.  Just that alone
is going to convict him and the penalty is very, very severe."

"Well he is a bit of a jackass and deserves whatever he gets."  I replied
bitterly.

"What do you think they will do to him?" I asked.

"Oh most likely he will be forced into slavery and shipped off to a not very
nice place where he has no chance what-so-ever of escaping from.   A man like
him could cause a tremendous amount of trouble if he ever got free."  Pat
explained.

"Now that is a just reward.  Look at my nipples."  I said.  "They are swollen
and sticking straight out."

"What did he do?"  Pat asked, concern showing on his face as he came over and
took a closer look.

I explained about the elastic with the knot and how they had let it hit full
force.   He was not impressed.

The phone rang and he picked it up.

"Yes Sir, on our way."  he said into the mouth piece then hung the phone up.

"Charlie is waiting for us downstairs, let's go."

The remainder of our time in London was completely uneventful, except for when
Pat and I jumped into bed at Master Grenfield's.   But I am sure you don't want
to hear about all the boring things we did to each other before falling asleep.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 37

Fun & Games in the Air.

The council for Sir George's hearing had been chosen.   It was made up entirely
of Master's from the Master's Congress of Great Britain.   If found guilty of
the charges he would have to face a Council from the World Master's Congress for
sentencing.

Sir George would be permitted to appeal the verdict or to ask for mercy, prior
to the Council passing the sentence.

The council was being chosen and would assemble in London in five days.   That
would give Sir George and his stand ups time to prepare their appeal.  

All of this meant Charlie would be staying in London for at least another week.  
As all of the World Council members were what you might call senior Master's, 
Charlie's plane would be used to transport them to London.  

The next morning we joined Charlie and Master Grenfield for breakfast.  I had
only met the man for a few moments after we arrived.  He and Charlie had rushed
off somewhere to talk or ....well I will leave that to your imaginations.

Master Grenfield turned out to be everything Sir George was not.   He was very
friendly, very dignified and one of those men you instantly felt deserves a
great deal of respect.

When Pat and I entered the dining room he greeted Master Grenfield by his first
name.

"Good morning Jeff."  Pat greeted as he made his way over and gave the elderly
man a kiss on the cheek.

"You are looking much better then the last time we were here, the boys must be
taking very good care of you." 

"Yes, they have been wonderful, Pat.  Do make sure they are looked after once I
am gone." he replied with a big smile.

"Don't worry about that Jeff, they will be well looked after, but hell your such
a tenacious old cuss you will out live the whole lot of us."  Pat answered with
a grin.

"And the moon is made of Blue Cheese." Jeff responded with a chuckle.

"Good morning young Harold."  Jeff greeted, his eyes bright and friendly.  
"Come here boy and let me have a good look at you."

"Good morning Sir." I greeted as I made my way too him.

"You have a beautiful home, Sir and I thank you for your hospitality."

"My Master days are over Harold, just call me Jeff.   Thank you for the
compliment, the pleasure is all mine I assure you.  It is not everyday I get to
play host to an up and coming star."  he smile as he grasped my arm and pulled
me down.

He gave me a kiss on the cheek and I supposed the proper thing would be to kiss
him back.  So I put my arms gently around the frail shoulders and gave him a hug
and a kiss on the cheek.

That made him extremely happy.   His eyes lit up even brighter than they had
been.    Then I began to ponder his words, "Up and coming star!"  Now what did
that mean?  I think I may also have coloured a bit, after all I was still a bit
shy.  Pat was going to have to do some explaining the next time we were alone.

"All the same Sir, I do thank you for the warm welcome."  I answered and turned
to Charlie.

"Good morning, Sir." I said to Charlie.

He was sitting next to Jeff and he just beamed when I gave Jeff the hug and
kiss.  Well that was one brownie point for me this morning.

"Good morning, Harold.   How do you feel?" he asked.

"Fine thank you, Sir."

We had a great breakfast.    Jeff had a million stories and kept us laughing
right through the entire meal.   It was very relaxed and I think one of the very
best meals I have had since Charlie  kidnapped me.  For once I felt more like an
equal and was definitely treated like one.

Jeff had six devoted slaves that looked after his every need.  I only met two of
them, the other's all had specific duties and just kind of stayed in the wood
work.   You knew they were there because things got done.  Meals were prepared,
rooms cleaned, beds made and all kinds of things of that sort.

The two slaves we met were Frederick and Gene.  They were fully dressed, but the
really big surprise was what they wore.  They were dressed and looked like
members of a motorcycle gang.   Both men were big and muscular, but were very
quiet and efficient as they went about serving us.

They had scruffy beards, wore black, leather vests, with a scull and cross bones
emblem on the back.   Their arms were heavily tattooed and each had a single
pierced left ear lobe with a heavy silver cross ear ring.  As well they wore
skin tight black leather pants and heavy high top black boots.  I found them
both to be highly erotic and felt a stirring between my legs every time they
walked into the room.

We had finished our breakfast and were sitting back, chatting and drinking
coffee.   The conversation was light and Jeff continued to keep us laughing with
his funny little stories.  Finally, Charlie turned and addressed me.

"Harold, how would you like to go on a trip around the world?"

The question was so unexpected I was completely dumbfounded and didn't respond
right away.

"Ah, looks like I caught you off guard again."  he snickered.

"Around the world, Sir?"  I asked stupidly.

"Yes, well it would not be completely around the world, but you would cover a
good portion of it."

"Well I suppose it is everyone's dream to go around the world, Sir.   Yes, I
think I would like to do that."  I replied warily.

I was wondering what the hell he had up his sleeve now.    However I didn't get
any bad feelings this time, so perhaps it would be a good thing.

"I knew I could count on you." he replied with a smile.

"Harold we have to bring members of the World Congress to London.   They will
form a Council that will sit to pass sentence on Sir George, should he be found
guilty.   This is a very delicate matter and must be carried out as quickly as
possible."  he explained.

"Normally, Pat or myself would go on the flight and host these very important
members of the congress.   But we both have much to do here.   I would like you
to go on the flight and be host to the Master's.   For this trip you would not
be a slave, but rather my ambassador."

I was finding it very hard to believe the words he was speaking.   He wanted me
to be his ambassador.  The bugger was sending me on another emotional flip.

"Me, Sir!   Your ambassador!"  I answered still half dazed.

"Harold, Pat, Pete and Larry trained you.   You have had some really wild 
experiences and have grown substantially since you volunteered to join us.  I
have a great deal of faith in your ability to do this.  In fact I can not think
of a single other person in the organization, other than Pat, that I would
entrust with this task."  he said, in a matter of fact tone.

I most certainly did not volunteer to join you, I thought.   You fucking
kidnapped me.  But I didn't voice this thought, instead I replied:

"I will certainly do my best, Sir."

"Good, the plane leaves in two hours.   Pat will fill you in on everything you
need to know.   I won't see you before you get back so I will say good bye now.  
Have a good trip and do enjoy yourself.   You will be using my suite on the
plane.  Now how about that Harold, you will have the whole top floor of a 747
Jumbo Jet all to yourself.   Now don't you find that impressive."  he laughed.

"Yes, Sir!"  I was impressed.

"Oh, and seeing as you are essentially the boss of that aircraft during the
flight, the Stewards,  including Steven, are at your beck and call.  I think you
are going to enjoy this trip much more than you realize."  he said.

All I could do was sit there and turn a little red in the face.  But from what
he had just been telling me I was beginning to feel important.  Imagine that, a
suite on the top of a Jumbo jet, carrying the logo of a world famous airline. 
Oh if Mom and Dad could only see me now.

"What's wrong Harold." Pat suddenly asked.

"Pardon."  I answered, I didn't understand his question.

"You are crying.  What's wrong?" Pat asked with concern.

"Oh, it is nothing, I was just thinking of my Mom and Dad.   They were killed in
a automobile accident when I was sixteen."  I replied.

"Oh, you poor boy!"  Jeff exclaimed.

"How terrible loosing both parents when you are so young." 

"Yes, Sir.   It took me a couple of years to come to grips with the loss.  I
still miss them terribly."  I replied.

Pat put his arm around my shoulder and pulled me close.  

"Well, Harold, we shall all try to help make up for that loss.  You are a member
of our family now and we will never leave you.   You will always feel at home." 
he said quietly.

"Thank you, Pat."

"Now let's get up stairs and I will brief you on what is required.  Then we will
go out to the plane and make all the arrangements for the guests." Pat said,
getting up.

Jeff, Charlie and I also stood up.   I went to Jeff and gave him a hug and kiss
and thanked him again for his hospitality.   Then I hugged Charlie, I don't
remember ever having done that before.   I must be changing and that scared hell
out of me.

After saying good bye to both men, Pat and I headed back up to the room we had
shared last night.   The memories of what we did started my dick to stiffen
again.   Shit, maybe Charlie was right, maybe I had lost control of my dick.  
Everytime I turned around lately it was standing up.   But it did me no good,
Pat was all business.

It took him half an hour to brief me on what my duties would be.   He also gave
a brief outline of each of the Master's that would board the plane.   Then we
headed down stairs and out to a limo that whisked us off to the airport.

Steven greeted us as we boarded the plane and joined us as we headed straight up
to the office.   Arnold was waiting for us as we reached the upper level and
escorted us to the office.  He was dressed in casual wear, a big change from the
last time we had met.

We left Steven and Arnold in the office to work out the schedule for special
dinners and other entertainment's.  We would have a formal dinner and one of the
slaves would hang over the table, as I had, on my last flight on this aircraft. 
Pat and I left Steven and Arnold to work out the details, while we headed into
the adjoining bedroom.

For a good half hour we discussed specific plans for the different Master's.  
Some would be on board in excess of twenty four hours and each Master would
occupy a private room.   I would have to greet each Master wearing specific
clothing.  The wardrobe had already been picked out and had been delivered to
the plane.   Steven would make sure I was always dressed correctly.

Ten slaves would be delivered to the plane before take off.   They were to be
accommodated in the slaves quarters at the rear of the aircraft.   The extra
slaves were required to provide the Master's with plenty of entertainment during
the long trip.

The more Pat talked the more excited I got, in more ways than one.   My dick was
throbbing and dripping precum down the insides of my trousers.  Steven and
Arnold were still in the office. 

My lusting for Pat had grown to the point where I couldn't take it any longer,
so I reached over and grabbed his crotch and pulled him to me.   My hot, hungry
mouth found his and soon we were lost in each other. 

While our tongues explored, our hands were busy trying to remove clothing.  
With trembling fingers I unfastened his belt, unzipped his fly and then fumbled
with the waist button.   The damned thing didn't want to unfasten.    The fact
that his cock was standing straight up and pushing through the fly and bouncing
up and down did nothing to make things easier.

I could feel it push and throb against my wrist and my fingers continued to
fumble with the button.   It is so fucking hard to concentrate on a little, tiny
button when a big, hard cock is pushing against your wrist, demanding attention.

Finally the button let go, but not because I had managed to get it unfastened.  
No, the damned thing popped and went flying across the room.  My hands quickly
pushed his trousers down, I could sense his kicking his trousers to get them off
his feet.

My hands were back at his waist tugging down on his underwear.   The waist band
pushed over his thrusting cock, pulling it downward.   Then as the waistband
passed over the head it flew back up, snapping noisily against his abs.

My right hand soon found it and began a light massage.

While I was busy doing all of this, Pat was busy reciprocating.   Mind you he
didn't have half the problem with my trouser waist button that I had with his. 
His warm hand was busy massaging my nuts and it felt great.

Pat pulled his lips away from mine and said:

"Steven, get these fucking pants away from my ankles."

I was startled and looked where he was looking.   Steven and Arnold were both on
their knees in the rest position just beside the door watching us.  How long
have they been watching I wondered.   I think my face must have gone a beet red
to be found like this.

But it hadn't bothered Pat in the slightest.  His only care was getting his
pants away from his ankles where they had tangled.

"Yes, Sir." Steven answered as he quickly rose and rushed over.

In a flash he helped Pat remove his trousers and then helped me with mine. 

"Why don't you both strip and help us get it on." Pat said with a rasping
breath.

"Yes, Sir." Steven answered quickly.

It sounded like he was just waiting for the invitation.  It didn't take him long
to strip and before I knew it he had his lips wrapped around my back end.   His
tongue was doing the, "Waltz of the Roses", around my rose bud, while his hands
began to gently run up and down my leg.

Pat had locked his lips to mine again and we were each trying to swallow the
other's tongue.  Each time Steven swept his tongue lightly across the entrance
to my treasure trove, I gave a gasp.   Pat was doing the same thing so I had to
assume that Arnold was performing the same service for him.

Pat let go of my cock and brought both arms up and placed them around my
shoulders.    Either Arnold or Steven's hand took it's place.   I brought my
arms up and placed them around his waist, pulling his crotch close to mine.

Steven's hot tongue continued to tantalize my back door, while his free hand
massaged my nuts and I assume Arnold was massaging Pat's nuts.  Our cocks were
pressed tight into each others abs and the sensation was wonderful.  My dick was
throbbing and dribbling precum, our abs were slick with it.

Pat pulled his lips away from mine.  He was breathing heavy and his chest was
heaving in and out against mine.

"Let's do a circle suck." he rasped into my ear.

"Yeah, sounds great." I rasped back.

We let go of each other and in a moment all four of us were on the carpeted
floor.  Pat took Steven's cock in his mouth, Steve took mine, I took Arnold's
and Arnold took Pat.

Arnold's cock had been cut.  It was only about five and a half inches fully
erect, but it was thick.   I licked the big purple head, enjoying the velvety
feel of it.  It also had a very heavy scent and taste of male musk, I loved it
instantly.

Steven had only kept my throbbing dick in his mouth for a moment, just long
enough to suck off the precum coating.  He then gave it a good tongue bath,
getting all of my sweet slime. 

My efforts with Arnold started to produce precum almost immediately.  A large
silver drop appeared at the slit.  I placed my tongue under it and then my lips.  
A gentle little suck and that sweet little drop caressed my taste buds.

Steven had progressed to my nuts.  He had the left one in his hot mouth and was
massaging it with his tongue.  I loved the feeling and had to force my hips to
keep still.   I guess my cock was feeling a bit jealous and was sending signals
to my hips to hump the shit out of Steven's face.

Then I felt the most unexpected thing, something was trying to enter my back
end.  That something turned out to be a dildo, where Steven got it from I
haven't a clue, I only know he had it shoved deep into my bowels.

I gave a gasp of delight and at the same moment Steven spit out my left nut and
wrapped those hot lips around my dick.  He wasted no time in getting it down his
throat.   He now began to alternate between forcing my cock down his throat and
then shove the dildo deep inside me.   Each inward thrust of the dildo pushing
against my prostate. 

To make the whole experience perfect, I had Arnold's fat dick as deep into my
throat as it would go.   My moans of pleasure were making him squirm and I had
added to the whole thing by working the forefinger of my left hand into his
pussy and was now working it around feverishly.

Pat was right across from me, his head busy working on Steven's dick.   Because
of our positioning I could only see the back of his head, but assumed he was
enjoying all of this as much as the rest of us.   Arnold had a couple of fingers
rammed deep into Pat's love hole.

I don't know which of us was the first to let go, but from the sounds in the
cabin it was obvious we were all unloading at about the same time.

I was just about to take Arnold's dick back into my throat when he began to
shoot, filling my mouth with his hot, dick snot.  I gave a quick swallow as his
dick headed for my throat pussy.  His second shot unloaded just as his pubs
brushed against my nose.

I began to shoot a fraction of a second after Arnold.   Again and again my nuts
tightened sending a load of my hot seed into Steven's mouth and throat.   I
opened my eyes and just from the way Pat was moving knew he was taking Steven's
load and was unloading himself into Arnold. 

Once Arnold's nuts had sated themselves I licked his dick as clean as possible. 
Steven was doing the same to mine.  I then rolled onto my back and let my system
return to normal.   I had my eyes closed, luxuriating in the after glow.   I
felt warm lips on mine and knew it was Pat.  He gave me a kiss and lay back
beside me.

I don't know how long we lay there, all four of us, breathing softly and
recovering from a great unloading.  Pat was the first to stir.

"I am going to have to get back to Jeff's, Harold.   Charlie and I have a
million things to do preparing for this council.  I can not stress how important
it is that you keep all of the Master's happy.  That should not really be a
problem, Steven has been working these flights for over five years and he knows
the routine." he said, sitting up.

I sat up as well.

"Ok, Pat I think it will be ok." I replied.

"Just remember, you are Charlie's Ambassador, you are in complete command of
this aircraft and your word is law.   But Harold, use your authority wisely,
remember the flight will come to an end in about three and a half to four days."
he counseled.

"I won't forget, Pat."  I said leaning over and giving him a peck on the lips.

We all gathered our clothes and were soon dressed.  I gave him a final kiss and
walked him down to the entrance to the aircraft.   I watched sadly as he headed
to the limo and was soon whisked away.

Forty-five minutes later the plane was in the air and heading for our first pick
up, Master Grant in New York City.  The flight time was estimated to be
approximately six hours.   I sat down with Steven and Arnold and we continued
our planning.

New York City.

The aircraft taxied to a large hanger displaying the company logo.   A long,
black limo pulled up as soon as the boarding stairs were in place.

Dressed in a black suit, with a crisp, white shirt and black tie, I quickly
descended the stairs.  The limo pulled to a stop just outside the aircraft's
circle of safety.   The driver jumped out, came around and opened the right rear
passenger door.

A tall distinguished looking gentleman, stepped out and headed towards me.   I
had been briefed to address each Master by his first name. 

"It is a pleasure to meet and welcome you aboard, Grant." I opened with a big
smile, offering my right hand.

"Thank you, Harold.  I had been hoping I would get to meet you." he said, taking
my hand in a firm grip.

We chatted a bit and then headed up the stairs and into the aircraft.   Steven
was at the top of the stairs and beside him stood a well built young man.

"Ah, Steven.  It is so good to see you again."  Grant said as he entered the
aircraft.

"Thank you, Sir, and welcome aboard.  This is Terry, he will be your companion
for the trip." Steven made the introduction.

Grant's eyes sparkled with lust when he looked at Terry.  Of course there is a
very good chance my eyes were sparkling with lust as well.   Terry was only
wearing a black, leather thong and his package was pushing that thong out a good
four inches in front of him.  In my minds eye I could just imagine how fucking
huge that cock would be when erect, Grant was going to be having one hell of a
good time.

Steven led the way to cabin number one and opened the door.  He stood back while
Grant entered followed by Terry.

"The ground crew must make a few safety checks and then we will leaving." I
informed him.

"Once we are in the air please come up to the upper deck and we can have a drink
or if you prefer just relax and we can get together later.  Our next stop is
Toronto, Ed Granger will join us there." I said.

"Does the invitation include Terry?" he asked.

"If you wish to have him along, then yes most certainly." I replied.

"Then I suspect we shall be up." he smiled.

The flight to Toronto was uneventful.  Grant and Terry came up and Steven served
us coffee and sticky buns.

We picked up Master Ed Granger in Toronto and the aircraft took on fuel.  We
then departed for San Francisco to pick up Master John.

We were about an hour outside of Toronto when Steven and a couple of the other
slaves set up a table, in what I guess you would call my living room, for lunch.  
As there were only three of us I decided it would be ok to have the slaves join
us.  When I told Steven to set the table for six he looked at me with a kind of
blank stare.

"Charlie told me that my word is law on this aircraft.  So, I have decided that
you will join us Steven.   The others can serve the meal."  I said to him.

"But Sir, I really should be over seeing them." he began to protest, he looked
kind of funny standing there naked, protesting my order.

It was all I could do to keep from laughing.

"Tut, tut." I said, keeping my face as straight as I could.  "You will join us,
no more arguments.

"Yes, Sir." he said, a bit crest fallen.

"Oh, and Steven." I said with a sly grin.  "You really are one hell of a sexy
lookin' dude."

That brought a smile back to his face.

"Yes, Sir." he said and went back to preparing the table.

The lunch took almost two hours to consume.   We ate slowly and we talked.   At
some point, I am not exactly sure where, I noticed that the other two had a hand
under the table and the arm attached to it was moving.   The buggers were
feeling up their slaves.

Not wanting to be out done I dropped a hand to Steven's leg and began to move it
slowly, up and down his thigh.  Steven looked at me and smiled.  All the while
Ed, Grant and I continued to talk as though nothing was happening.

I had worked my hand up to Steven's now fully erect, throbbing dick.  My hand
was wrapped around it, wanking slowly.  Steven's breathing had picked up and he
could not hide the fact.

"Are you ok, Steven?"  Ed asked with a sly grin.  "You are looking a little
flushed."

"I am fine, Sir." Steven replied, then gave a little gasp of pleasure when my
forefinger rubbed gently under the head of his swollen, throbbing dick.

My own cock was fully erect and trying to escape from the confines of my
underwear and trousers.   I could not believe what a turn on it was to do this.

Suddenly, as if on cue, all three of the slaves slid under the table.   It was
totally unexpected and before I could recover Steven was pulling down the zipper
of my fly.

The conversation stopped flat.  I mean who the hell can concentrate, or would
want to, on a conversation when a hot pair of lips and an eager tongue are
working your throbbing cock, not I.   From the looks on the faces of Ed and
Grant they couldn't either.

There is something very erotic about sitting at a dinner table and having
someone suck your dick while at the same time being embarrassed by it all.  I
was trying hard not to moan out my pleasure.  The other two had looks of ecstasy
on their faces, but were silent.

Finally, to my relief, Grant let out a low moan followed by:

"Oh, yessssssssss that is sooooooo gooood."

That was all I needed to let out my own moans.  Steven's head was bobbing up and
down furiously on my dick while at the same time he sucked in, creating a vacuum
and his tongue made magic little swirls against my cockhead each time he pulled
back. 

Steven was one hell of a cocksucker, I wanted to heave my hips up to meet his
inward thrusts but was afraid I would smash his head into the underside of the
table.   On each outward thrust Steven's tongue would do things to the purple,
bloated, head of my throbbing cock.  I would gasp inwardly and then feel his
head plunge back down to impale his face on my iron rod.

My nuts, still tucked inside my underwear, began to shift, the grand moment was
at hand.  Across the table from me, Ed suddenly stiffened and yelled out:

"Oh fuck yea." 

It was obvious he was blowing his load into the hot mouth of Rick, the slave
assigned to him for the journey.

I was close, but not quite there yet, when Grant also stiffened.

"Suck that meat boy, suck my fucking meat." he yelled out.

A moment later it was my turn.  My nuts had climbed up and were trying to crawl
into my crotch.  They were both tight as a drum when they gave a contraction and
my hot seed shot down my urethra and into the hot eager mouth of Steven.  Then
Steven did something unexpected, he started moaning.   That sent new waves of
pleasure through my dick and my nuts contracted even harder.

I couldn't stop my self from yelling out:

"Ohhhh yessssssssss, ohhhhhh yesssssssss."

When we were all sated, the boys all climbed back into their chairs as though
nothing had happened.  My right hand shot over to Steven's leg and up to his
crotch.   His dick was standing straight up and bouncing to the beat of his
heart.

I wasn't sure what to do.  I wanted desperately to take that throbbing cock in
my mouth.   But was it good protocol for a Master to slide under the dinner
table and suck the cock of his slave?

The more I felt that throbbing rod, the more I wanted it in my mouth.  Finally I
made a decision.  Charlie said that I was in complete control of this aircraft,
well then if I was the boss I could do whatever the hell I wanted.

I slid down and under the table in a flash.  I quickly turned and could see
Steven's beautiful dick bouncing up and down.   His legs were spread slightly
apart and I sidled right up between them.  I grasped that cock with my right
hand and my lips were kissing a fraction of a second later.

I heard some rustling off to my right, without taking my lips away from Steven's
dick, I turned slightly to see what was happening, .  Grant was under the table
on his knees and had Terry's dick in his mouth.   I gave a little sigh of
relief, looked like they agreed with my decision.

It didn't take long to bring Steven off and I swallowed his male juice greedily. 
After making sure I got every drop I pulled away and looked around.   Both Ed
and Grant were still working away on the cocks of their slaves.  I gave a little
inward smile and got myself back up and into my chair.

Steven looked at me and gave a little smile.  I leaned over and gave him a kiss,
then poured another cup of coffee and sat back, Steven and I talked quietly
while we waited for the others to finish.

After lunch I went to the bedroom cabin and stretched out on Charlie's big,
comfortable bed.   I was asleep almost as soon as my head hit the pillow.

Steven awoke me a couple of hours later to inform me we were thirty minutes out
of  San Francisco.   Master John was a full Leatherman, I would have to meet him
dressed in full Master Leather's.  Steven was already opening the wardrobe that
contained all the different outfits I would have to wear to meet the various
Master's.

I quickly stripped naked as Steven brought out the wardrobe bag containing the
outfit.    He unzipped the bag and pulled it out.

We started with a pair of crotchless, black leather pants.   Following that with
a pair of highly shined high top boots, which had to be laced up the front. 

This was followed by a black leather harness that fit over my shoulders, around
my waist and all connected to a silver ring centered on my breast bone.  He
cinched all the straps tight and it actually felt quite good.

The harness was followed by a sleeveless, black leather vest.  It had no
fasteners on the front, but hung slightly open. 

Next a black leather thong covered my cock and balls.  

Steven then handed me a pair of black leather motorcycle gloves and a black
leather, peaked cap.

Once I was fully dressed I went over to have a look in the full length mirror
attached to the wardrobe door.   I had to admit I really looked fucking good.  
Shit I was so hot I was turning myself on just looking in that damned mirror.

"This is some outfit Steven." I said, turning to look at him.

He had gone down on his knees and was staring down at the floor.   The poor
bugger had a big, throbbing hard-on.

"Yes, Sir.  It most surely is that."  he answered.

"I see it effects you the same as it effects me.   Guess I better not look in
any fucking mirrors."  I laughed.

"Yes, Sir."  Steven answered and I could see he was trying not to laugh.

"Damn Steven, when we are alone, forget about the Master/slave shit.   Just be
yourself."  I said, slightly annoyed.

"Will try Sir, but my training is very hard to overcome."  he answered.

Getting dressed took most of the time just prior to our approach for landing.  I
sat in one of the big comfortable chairs and strapped myself in.   Steven went
below, to wherever it was he went during take off and landings.   The next time
I see him he will be fully dressed.

The landing was uneventful and as soon as we were down I got up and headed for
the front windows to watch as we headed for the company hangers.

A limo was parked up against the hanger and I assumed it was Master John's car.  
I knew that we would be on the ground for at least an hour.   The plane had to
be thoroughly checked over and refueled before we took off again.

As soon as the plane came to a stop I headed for the stairs.   Steven was
waiting at the bottom for me and as I had expected he was in full company
uniform.

The door was open and the stair truck in place as we approached the door.  

"Wish me luck, Steven." I said as I passed out into the sunshine and down the
stairs.

The limo started up and pulled to the edge of the circle of safety.   The driver
jumped out, ran around, opened the right, rear door then got down on his knees
into the rest position.

As soon as he was down a shiny black boot, attached to a leather clad trouser
leg exited to the pavement, followed by a second.   Then a big, heavy set man
stepped out of the car.  He was dressed exactly the same as I.   He had to weigh
close to two sixty, but it was all solid muscle I was sure.

He had a bushy, salt and pepper beard and looked as tough as nails.   My first
impression was that he should have arrived on a big Harley.   Master John would
easily fit in with any outlaw motorcycle gang going.

He walked towards me with a purposeful, no nonsense stride.   I was beginning to
feel a little up tight about this meeting.   How the fuck was I going to impress
a guy that looked like this.   He was going to think me a wimp the moment I
opened my mouth.

"Hi, John.   Good to meet, you." I said as manly as I could.

"So your the fucking slave Harold.  The one that thinks he is now a Master,
huh." he said in a deep voice, his eyes boring into me.

Something said that this was a challenge, if I failed, the rest of the flight
would be hell.   Well I had no intention of living in hell for the next two or
three days.

"No I am not the fucking slave Harold that thinks he is a Master.  I am Harold,
Charlie's official representative on this flight.  If you don't fucking like it,
too fucking bad.   Take it up with Charlie.  While you are on this flight you
will treat me with the respect I deserve as Charlie's rep or I'll have you
fucking bound and gagged."  I said defiantly.

I was shaking like a leaf inside, but outwardly I stood firm, staring him in the
eye.   I thought any moment he was going to lift one of those big fists and send
me into tomorrow.

Instead he lifted one of those big fists and opened his hand for a shake.   I
grasped it and squeezed just as hard as he did.

"Glad to make your acquaintance, Harold.  I guess all those things I have heard
about you are true.  I think we are going to get along just fine."  he said with
a big smile.

He place a big hand and arm around my shoulder and we started towards the
airplane.   Inside I gave a big sigh of relief.   Charlie would be proud of the
way I handled this one.

At the top of the stairs Steven was waiting.  Behind him, on hands and knees,
was a slave dressed in a black latex body suit.  A latex hood covered his head
completely.  The front of the hood was shaped to resemble a Boston Bull Terrier. 

"How the hell are ya, Steve?"  John bellowed as we boarded.

"Fine Sir and you?"  Steven replied with a big smile.

"Can't complain, just a few more gray hairs but the cock still gets hard and
that's all that's important." he replied.

"This mongrel is Max.   We apologize for saddling you with It, but It is the
best we could do on short notice." Steven said apologetically, stepping aside.

John walked up to the kneeling Max.   The moment he was in range, Max bent over
and began to lick John's boots.  

"Ah, Steven, you remembered my weakness, dogslave Max.  This should be a good
flight after all."  John said happily.

I looked at Steven and gave him a wink.  He smiled slightly then handed John the
heavy chain leash attached to Max's spiked dog collar.  

"Sit pretty." John ordered Max.

Max adopted a dogs sitting position.

"Beg."  John ordered.

Max raised himself up, his hands which I now noted were encased in some sort of
black leather mitt without fingers, hung at chest level, mimicking the position
a real dog would take when begging.   I also noted that there was an opening in
the body suit and Max's cock and balls hung out. 

His four inch, cut, flaccid cock rested on his rather large, low hangers.  It
was actually kind of funny to see him in that position his tongue hanging out
through the dog lips of the hood, mimicking a dogs cooling technique.

"Good dog." John said pulling something from his pocket and holding it over
Max's head.

"Speak." John ordered.

"Rrrrough, rrrrough." Max barked in reply.

"That's a good dog." John said dropping whatever it was into Max's open mouth
and rubbing his head.

Max began to chew.

"Hell this dog is so well trained I am going to have to sit down with Charlie
and try and cut a deal." John said moving on into the airplane. 

Max dropped to his hands and knees and followed his Master down the isle to his
room.  I almost sniggered at the sight, Max had a little bobbed tail sticking
out of his ass and his nuts swayed back and forth as he crawled. 

I was guessing John always got the same room on these flights because he went
straight to room 7 and opened the door.  He walked right in with Max crawling
along behind.

Steven and I stopped and looked in.   It was a fairly large room and had all
kinds of bondage apparatus including a dog cage.  John went right to the cage
and opened the door.

"In Max." he ordered.

Max crawled over and squeezed himself into the cage which was actually just a
tiny bit too small for him.   Once in he would not be able to move around.

As soon as Max was in the cage John shut the door and locked it with a padlock. 
He removed the key and placed it in his pocket.

"If you would like to come up to the upper deck, Steven has cold drinks ready.  
Ed and Grant are already up there, John."  I invited.

"That sounds good."  he said with a smile.  "Be up just as soon as I water the
dog."

Steven and I headed for the stairs as John closed the door to his room.

"What did he mean, water the dog, Steven?"  I asked.

"Well from my experience with John, he most likely drank a gallon or so of beer
before arriving and has a full bladder.  He loves to piss into the mouth of his
slaves.   If they dribble any he beats their balls."  

"The Bastard." I spit out.

"Max will spend most of this trip locked in that cage.  He will have to drink
every drop of piss John produces.   The worst part is, John will only let Max
Piss once a day.   But Max has been trained to hold his bladder for long
periods."  Steven explained as we climbed the stairs.

"Sonofabitch.   I really don't like Master's doing this shit to their slaves." 
I said with a bit of vehemence.

"It is ok Harold, it is really just a game.  John will try to produce enough
piss to get Max begging to have his bladder emptied.  They have played this game
many times before and Max has always won."

"Huh!" I exclaimed.

"Max really gets off on this.  When he heard that Master John would be on the
flight he begged to be chosen for the job."  Steven replied,  "But he didn't
have to, we knew that Master John would be expecting him.   We picked him up in
Toronto at the same time as we picked up Master Ed."

"Unbelievable!" I exclaimed, shaking my head.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 38

A Formal Leather Dinner.


Master John joined Ed, Grant and I on the upper deck about ten minutes after
Steven and I had left him to, "water the dog".   The dog being, Max, a dogslave
provided by Charlie for John's pleasure during this trip.

Will, a slave,  dressed in standard slave garb, was on his knees next to the
stair way, a cold can of beer in his hand.  As John reached the top of the
stairs, Will pulled the tab and held up the can, John took it without
acknowledging Will's presence.

He lifted the can to his lips and drained it in one long swallow.   Will was
right behind him with another.  It was obvious the slaves knew John and were
ready for his every move.  John was still only half way between the stairs and 
the chairs where we were sitting as he downed and finished that second beer.  
But Will was right there with a third.

All three of us, Ed, Grant and I, stood up at John's approach.

John made his way over, the third beer in his left hand.  He held out his right
and shook hands as he greeted the others.

"Good to see you again Ed, shit your starting to put on a bit of a gut there. 
You need more time in the gym."  he said to Ed with a chuckle.

"Ya ain't gettin' my goat that easy, John." Ed replied with a laugh.

"How's business at the Bank, Grant? he asked of the distinguished Grant.

"Same as always, the dough just keeps rolling in."  Grant smiled.

While we waited for the ground crew to get the plane ready for flight, we made
small talk and I'll swear John drank a dozen beer. 

Steven appeared at the door and announced that we would be departing in ten
minutes.

"Well that's my cue to go and water the dog."  John said happily.

"You ain't going to win, John.   Max is just too fucking good for you."  Ed
teased.

"Don't be too sure of yourself.   I think I am going to get him this time.   I
figure this trip is going to last about ten days and that gives me lots of
time."  John answered with a smirk.

Everyone laughed at that and John left.

I invited Ed and Grant to remain on the upper deck during take off but both
declined.   It was just as good, I was looking forward to a little peace and
quiet this afternoon anyway.  We would all be having dinner together and I
figured that might turn into a long drawn out ordeal.

It had been a very, very long day.  While it was only 11 am Pacific time when we
picked up John, it was 7 pm back in London.   We still had a three hour flight
to Houston, Texas.  There, we would pick up another Leatherman, Master Walter,
who preferred to be called Walt. 

The first dinner would take place once he was aboard and we had reached our
cruising altitude, some four hours from now.    I decided to hit the sack and
get as much sleep as I could.

Steven woke me thirty minutes outside Houston.  I had to dress in the same
leather outfit I wore to greet John.  I was wishing I hadn't had the sleep, I
was feeling really tired now and was having trouble waking up.   We would be
landing at 4 pm Houston time.

As the plane rolled down the taxi way I took up my usual position at the front
window and watched the progress.   Again we went directly to a private hanger
with the company logo blazoned on the side.

As soon as the plane stopped I headed for the stairs.  Steven was waiting at the
bottom and we both made our way to the exit.    The stair truck was in position
and the door was open, I stepped out into a scorching one hundred degrees
Fahrenheit.  It was like a wall pushing at me from all sides.   I began to sweat
almost immediately.

Master Walter had not arrived yet.  I waited a few minutes and there was still
no sign of his car.   The temperature was unbearable so I said,  fuck it, and
quickly climbed back up and into the air-conditioned plane. 

"Close the bloody door Steven and keep that oven out there."  I ordered.

Steven complied, quickly pulling the door closed.  I went in a found a nice
comfortable armchair near a porthole so I could watch for Master Walter's
approach.   Be damned if I was going to bake while I waited.

Fifteen minutes later a black limo pulled up to the circle of safety.   Steven
opened the door again and I went back out into the oppressive heat.

Walt turned out to be almost as big as John and was dressed the same as I was.  
However he did not have a scruffy beard.   Instead he had large gold earrings
dangling from each ear lobe and black tribal's on the upper portions of each
bare arm.  His eyes were a steel blue, much the same as Master Dieter's.  They
seemed to pierce right through to your soul.

"Good to meet you Walt."  I said holding out my right hand.

Walt took it in a very firm grip.

"Harold, I presume?" he asked in a very heavy baritone.

"The one and only." I replied.

"You really have been setting the organization a buzz.   Hell I have never heard
this much about one man in a long, long time.  In fact I think the last time the
organization got such a buzz on was when Charlie himself joined."  he said,
standing there, in this oppressive heat chatting as if it were nothing.

"Charlie!"  I questioned.

"I had assumed that Charlie started the Congress." 

"Oh no, someone else did that.   But Charlie was one of the driving forces that
made it grow into the world wild outfit we have now.   Your in good company,
Harold, and I am glad to meet you.  Now if you don't mind could we please get
into the plane, it is so fucking hot I am frying."  he said.

"Certainly." I said, turning towards the plane with relief.

As soon as we were inside Steven pulled the door closed.   Behind him,
completely naked and in the rest position,was  a young slave.  He couldn't have
been more than eighteen years old. 

"This is Ned, Sir.   He is hetro and pure vanilla.  He has never so much as even
kissed anyone other than  his mother, a complete virgin.  His only training has
been the rest position and to keep his mouth shut unless spoken to."  Steven
said handing Walt a heavy chain leash attached to a collar around the young mans
neck.

"Ah, Charlie always knows how to please.   Thank you Steven."  Walt said with a
big smile.

Steven then led the way to room 6 and opened the door.   I had a quick peek in
and saw that it was laid out much the same as John's room.   There was also a
cage near the bed, however this cage was a little bigger than the one that John
had put Max in.  

Walt went right to the cage, opened the door and told the boy to get in.  The
boy opened his mouth to protest but was stopped instantly by a big hand.  The
sound of the slap echoed through the room and the kid almost fell over.

He let out a cry of pain and dispair, but managed to recover his balance.

"Never, ever speak unless I tell you to Shit head."  Walt growled in a most
menacing tone.  "Now get your fucking ass in the cage before I take my boots to
you." 

The boy scrambled quickly into the cage.  Walt slammed the door shut and applied
a padlock.  He stood back up and turned towards us.

"I think this is going to be one great trip." he smiled.

"The formal dinner will be held in the dining room in exactly one hour, Walt. 
We shall get to talk more then.  I'll leave you now to enjoy your new toy." I
said, then turned and headed back to the upper deck.

I was not feeling overjoyed with myself.   Young Ned had thought he was applying
for a job overseas.  Instead he was given an injection which put him to sleep.  
When he awoke, he found himself in bondage and was told he was now a slave.

The poor bugger had no idea of what was in store.   Walt was going to rape the
shit out of the poor kid.   He was hetro when he was snatched, but he would
never get to be with a female.  His life from now on would be servicing males.  

Less than thirty minutes after landing we were back in the air.   Steven had
arrived to help me get ready for the dinner.  

In honour of our two Leather Master's, the dress for everyone was to be black
leather.  I would be wearing the same basic outfit I had worn to greet them
both, except Steven had brought me a fresh one.   All the sweating I had done
during those few minutes outside had made a mess of the first outfit.

I had a quick shower and Steven got me dressed.   Then he had a surprise for me. 
I can't say that I was happy about it, but I had no choice what-so-ever.

"Master Charlie called and gave me a direct order before you arrived at the
plane this morning, Sir."  Steven said hesitantly.

Right away my guard went up.   I just knew Charlie would do something to spoil
this.   Shit, that bastard. 

"Ok, Steven, give me the bad news, what has he ordered?"  I said resignedly.

"Well, Sir, I am to pierce your right ear.   But don't worry, Sir, it doesn't
hurt very much." he added quickly.    "Just a kind of pin prick." 

"Pierce my right ear."  I almost yelled.

"I don't want holes in my bloody ears."

"Master Charlie said you would say that, Sir.   He told me I was to repeat this
to you exactly as he dictated it to me, "That's too bloody bad what you don't
like.  Your getting your ear pierced and that is that."  I am sorry, Sir, but I
can not disobey a direct order from Master Charlie."  Steven said sadly.

"It's ok, Steven.   I will obey.   Where do you want to do it?"  I asked with
resignation.

"I have everything set up in Arnold's office, Sir.   It will only take a
moment."

I followed him into Arnold's office.   He had a chair waiting in front of
Arnold's desk.   On the desk was a contraption that looked like a ray gun from a
science fiction movie.

I sat down in the chair and Steven quickly wiped my ear lobe with a
disinfectant.  

"This is all one operation, Sir.   The gun will do the piercing and place a gold
ring in place.   You will only feel a slight pin prick and it will be done." 
Steven explained.

He placed the gun to my ear and I heard a little hiss and felt a slight pricking
sensation.   He pulled the gun away.

"There it is done, Sir."  he said smiling.

"Wow, I thought it would hurt." I said in true amazement.

Steven held up a mirror so I could see my new earring.   I was surprised.  It
was a bright shiny gold and actually looked good.  I had never thought I would
ever have a pierced ear, now I wondered why I hadn't had it done sooner.

"There is one other thing, Sir."  Steven said sheepishly.

"Oh, and what be that?"  I asked, on guard again.

"You saw the tattoo's on Master Walter's Arm, I am going to place some on yours
as well." he said.

"They are not permanent are they?" I asked.

"Well that depends, Sir.   They can be, however Master Charlie told me I could
remove them after the dinner if you don't like them.  This is the same system
that was used to give you your Eagle."  Steven said.

"Ok, go ahead." I said.

Steven wheeled over a cart and pulled out a band connected to the cart by wires.  
He placed it around my upper arm, then pushed a button on the cart.   There was
an audible hum and then quiet.   He unfastened the band and I had a black tribal
on my arm.  I looked in the mirror and again kind of liked it.

He quickly did the other arm then put all the equipment away.

"Well Sir, you could now pass for a leather Master anywhere." he said with
pride.

I was looking in the mirror and had to agree.   I certainly did look like I
belonged in John and Walt's circle.  Not only that, I suddenly felt I belonged
in their circle.   It is hard to believe that a leather outfit, an earring and a
few tattoo's could make someone feel strong and invincible, but that is exactly
how I felt at that moment.

"How long before I have to go down there?" I asked.

"Steven looked at the clock on Arnold's desk.   Best give it another ten
minutes, Sir.   You are the Senior Master and should be the last to enter.   You
will also want to make them wait a bit for you.   That is one of the ways that
you exert your authority over them, Sir.  Arnold is going to call up when they
are all seated."  Steven informed me.

"Thanks Steven,  can't tell you how good it makes me feel to be able to keep
them waiting."  I smiled.

Steven said nothing, but he smiled back.

I went out onto the main deck and sat in one of the easy chairs.   This could be
a fun dinner, but I sure hoped I would be able to stay awake through it.   I was
so damned tired it was ridiculous.

I heard the phone buzz in Arnold's office.  A moment later Steven appeared at
the door.   In that few minutes I had been sitting out here, Steven had got
dressed in leather.   He was wearing a heavy looking, spiked collar, a vest,
leather pants with no crotch but with a thong to cover his package.  A leather
cap and high-top boots finished off his outfit.

"They are all seated, Sir, and awaiting your arrival."  he announced.

"Shit you really look hot, Steven." I replied.

For the very first time, I saw Steven blush.

"Thank you, Sir." he answered selfconsciously.

I got up out of the chair and headed towards the stairs, Steven right behind me.

The dining room was the same one where I had hung from the ceiling.   It was
located almost directly back of the private cabins.   There were six slaves,
three on each side of the corridor standing with their legs spread and there
arms behind their backs.  As we approached they came to attention, in more ways
then one.

They were dressed exactly like Steven, except they were not wearing a thong.  
Their cocks were all standing straight up, like little soldiers as I approached. 
Each man pulled that groin muscle, that allows your dick to bob when it is hard,
just as I passed.   So each dick bobbed a salute.   That was all my cock needed
to wake up.  By the time I reached the door to the dining room, my fucking dick
was straining to get out of the thong.

When the door opened I could hear a scraping of chairs.  All the Masters got to
their feet as I entered.  I was really fucking impressed.   I had never in my
whole life been shown this much respect.   My feelings of power increased.

Behind each Master, in the rest position, was a slave.  Terry and Rick were
behind grant and Ed.  However two slaves I had never seen before took up
positions behind John and Walt.  

I started to walk into the room and heard an angry growl which stopped me.

"Down Max." John ordered.

Then I saw that Max was under the table, just his head sticking out from under
the table cloth.

I continued into the room.   There had been some big changes in this room since
the last time I had been here.  First and foremost was the smell.   The room had
the most wonderful aroma of rich leather.

Looking around it was easy to see why.  The walls had been covered by dark brown 
leather drapes.   But they also had something else that shocked me at first, but
my new position of power over came that shock fast.

There were naked men hanging on the walls.   They were each strapped into a
different erotic position.  To top it off they all had hard-on's.   As the diner
progressed I watched as another slave made his way around the room sucking each
cock to keep it hard.

My own cock was pounding against the thong now.   I finally got to the table,
Steven was just ahead of me and pulled out my chair.   I got in front and he
pushed my chair in as I sat down.   The others then joined me.

Up above my head was the  hooded face of a slave.   He had been suspended above
the table much the same as I had been.   The only difference was that he wore a
hood that had no eye or mouth openings.    Just two small holes for his nose so
he could breath.

A leather sling was tied around his nuts and from this sling hung a large wine
decanter.   The decanter was kept full throughout the meal.   As glasses were
filled from the decanter a serving slave would come along and refill the
decanter.

The seating arrangement at the table had  me at the head with John on my right 
and Walt on my left.  Next to John sat Grant and Ed sat next to Walt.

The usual pleasantries were exchanged and the first course, a shrimp cocktail
was served.  Each of us was served by his own slave.  

After serving me my cocktail, Steven bent forward and whispered in my ear.

"In a few moments you will feel something around your dick, Sir.  Don't be
alarmed, it is a dog slave.   If you need to get off he will get you off, if you
need to piss he will look after it.   You are not permitted to leave the room
until the dinner is over.   If you want your dick serviced just pull it out of
the thong, makes it easier for the dog."

Before I could say anything in response, he pulled away.   At almost the same
moment I felt something around my crotch.  I put my hand under the table and
felt a leather clad head with pointy ears.

My cock really was throbbing from all the excitement around me.   I moved my
hand to my waist and released the thong.   My cock was happy as a pig in shit.  
It bounced right up.   Just releasing the thong felt great, but even better were
the hot lips that took it's place.

Have you ever tried to eat and maintain an intelligent conversation while
someone is sucking your dick?   It is not easy, even harder is trying to hide
what the fuck is going on.   My four guests were most likely all experiencing
the same thing, however they had experience with this stuff and not a hint of
what was going on crossed their faces.

My glass of wine was almost finished and Steven picked it up and went to the
decanter.   He filled it and returned it to the table in front of me.   I picked
it up and took another sip, then popped another shrimp in my mouth.    I was
determined not to let the pleasure I was feeling show on my face.

"You ain't succeeding, Harold." John suddenly said.

I was in the process of swallowing a masticated shrimp and almost choked.

"Pardon?"  I asked stupidly.

"You ain't succeeding in hiding the pleasure you are getting from having your
cock sucked at the dinner table."  John smiled.

This little embarrassment turned my face a bright shade of red, I know cause I
could feel it.   But worse, it was all I need to take me over the edge and I
began to blow my load into the mouth of a guy I had never seen, dressed as a dog
and sucking my cock under the table.

"Ohhhhh."  escaped involuntarily from my quivering lips.

The others all broke out into laughter.

"Don't worry about it Harold, the same thing happened to all of us the first
time we got a blow job at a formal dinner."  Grant said.

I couldn't answer, I was still blowing great gobs of cum down the dog slaves
throat.   When my nuts finally emptied I sat there imobile, trying to get my
breathing back to normal.

"By the end of this dinner you will be an old hand at it." Walt cut in.

Steven saved me any more discussion of my cumming by taking away my empty
cocktail dishes and replacing them with a bowl of soup.   The conversation then
turned to more mundane things for a while.

By the time we had got to desert, Ed had found himself a fun pastime.   He had a
riding crop and had taken to giving the poor bastard hanging over the table a
whack on the nuts every once in a while.    Each time he did a small, muffled
grunt of pain would escape from the lad and he would pull and tug at his bonds.  
But it did him no good, he just had to endure this abuse.

It was in the middle of the main course that the dogslave had taken my dick in
his mouth again.   It didn't take him long to get me hard, but this time he made
it a very long, leisurely suck.   He spent much time just licking my dick, nuts
and wherever his tongue would reach around my crotch area.   It really felt good
and I wasn't so consumed with lust that I couldn't think straight.

By the time we got to desert I had grown accustomed to the feel of that tongue
and although my dick was throbbing I was nowhere near being ready to cum.  

The dinner had taken an hour and a half so far, and the lad that was sucking the
cocks on the wall was still making the rounds.  

A floor show had been planned and was to begin right after the coffee was
served.    Steven had not given me any details of what the show would be, but I
was sure fucking and sucking would figure heavily.

Coffee was served and the decanter was unfastened from the leather sling tied to
the suspended slaves nuts.   Then the device that held him up there began to
whir and he was moved to the far end of the table and lowered.   Two slaves
appeared and released him from the harness and took him out of the room.

The empty sling was hoisted back up to the ceiling and out of the way.   It was
time for the floor show.  A slave I had never seen before appeared on a small
stage which had been set up directly in front of my position at the table.

"Sir's, my name is Slim and I will be your host for the next hour or so.  For
your entertainment, Master Charlie has provided Derrick." he announced.

Two slaves appeared with a big, muscular lad between them.   Derrick was bound
tightly and gagged.   He was also naked and he had a fairly respectable package.

"Derrick had visions of fame and fortune in the world of professional football
and he might have made it if he hadn't of done something very naughty, which
drew him to Master Charlie's attention."  Slim explained.

"Derrick doesn't like Gay men, simply because they are Gay.   Charlie found out
that Derrick's favorite hobby was to wait outside Gay bars and snatch Gay men
smaller and less muscular than he.  After binding them, he would take them to a
secluded wooded area, hang the unfortunate up by the heels and then spend a
couple of hours beating the shit out of him with his fists, boots and anything
else that came to hand."

"This has been going on for quite some time and the culprit was never tracked
down.   But Derrick made a mistake, he got very, very bold and tried grabbing
someone who just happened to be smarter than him, was well trained in the
marshal arts and is a Master in good standing within the Congress."

"He was turned over to the Master's Congress and it wasn't very long before
Derrick was confessing to all the nasty things he had done.   The Congress has
sentenced Derrick to a Bordello in Thailand, however he will be taught the fine
art of servicing a man on this flight.   We will be dropping him off to his new
Master tomorrow."

"For your entertainment, Sir's, Master Charlie thought you might enjoy seeing
Derrick loose his cherries."  Slim finished.

My four guests gave a loud round of applause and screamed out some obscenities.  
After hearing what the prick had done I figured he deserved whatever happened to
him, so I applauded as well.

There was a large apparatus on the stage and the two slaves escorting Derrick
soon had him bound to it.   His legs were spread and bound tight, forcing his
ass up in the air.   His arms were bound and straps also went around his body,
making it impossible for him to move anything but his head.

Another slave brought out some leather strings and soon had Derrick's balls
wrapped tight.    They were squeezed down to the end of his sack and were
turning a purplish color in just a few seconds.   Next a small white rope, about
the diameter of a shoe lace was tied around his ball sack.  The rope was long
and threaded down to the floor and looped under a spool.   It then ran away from
the apparatus, about six feet, went through another spool and up to the ceiling,
around a spool and back to another spool just above Derrick.  

While one slave had been threading the rope through all the spools, another was
busy fastening a leather band around Derrick's forehead.  At the back this band
was a metal ring.

The rope was brought down from the ceiling and another spool had been attached
to the straps holding down Derrick's torso.   The rope went around this spool
and then tied to the ring on his head band.    Derrick's head was pushed as far
back as they could safely get it before the rope was tied off. 

Whenever Derrick tried to relieve the pressure on his head from holding it back
so far, he would be pulling on his already sore nuts.   This was not a position
I would ever want to be in.   The reasoning for binding him up like this soon
became very apparent.

Next the gag was removed.  Derrick immediately began to curse and threaten.

"Mother fuckin' faggot bastards, I'll kill the whole fuckin' lot of you when I
get out of this."  he yelled.

For some reason that really pissed me off.   Maybe it was all the wine I had
drunk over the course of the last couple of hours.  Maybe it was just me
changing.   Whatever it was I was really pissed at this bastard. I got up from
the table.

I had released my thong earlier and my dick was hanging limp, having just been
sucked off by my assigned dogslave.  The room suddenly became very quiet.  I
guess no one had expected me to rise.

I walked to the stage and stood in front of Derrick.  Then I knelt down.

"A few short weeks ago, I would have felt sorry for you and gone out of my way
to help you.   But not anymore.   You deserve everything that is going to happen
to you, shit head, and one thing is for very sure, you ain't going to kill
anyone."  I spit out and then stood up.

I took my dick in my hand and pissed in his face.  He tried to duck his head to
avoid my piss but only succeeded in pulling hard on his balls, which made him
scream out in pain.   When he opened his mouth to scream I pissed in it.   I can
not believe how omnipotent I felt at that moment.

My four guest and all the slaves began to clap and shout encouragement.  
Derrick's head was soaked and dripping with my piss.  He was spluttering and
trying to get the taste out of his mouth.

"You may think my piss tastes bad, boy, but where you are going you are not only
going to drink gallons of piss,  I would be willing to bet they will make you
eat shit as well.   If I know Charlie, in a few moments a fucking huge cock is
going to be forced up your asspussy and you will be fucked like you never
dreamed possible.  I hope they split your fucking ass wide open."   I then
turned and walked back to my chair and sat down.

"Do it." I said out loud.

"Sir's,"  Slim announced with a big smile,  "I would like to introduce Frank and
Eddy.   These boys are more than adequately endowed and the perfect choices to
introduce Derrick to his new life."

Two six foot slaves walked out onto the stage.   They were both completely
dressed in black leather like the other slaves.   They both stood side by side
in front of Derrick so that when they removed their thongs he would get to see 
the iron rods that would soon impale his body.

Eddy removed his thong first, a long, fat snake fell out.   Eddy's flaccid cock
was at least eight inches long and over an inch in diameter.   Fully erect it
would be a fearsome weapon.

Another slave came out and knelt in front of Eddy.  He started licking that big
flaccid cock.   While he worked, it was time for  Franky to unveil his tool.

When Franky's thong pulled away a gasp went through everyone.  Franky's flaccid
cock hung down below his knee.  It had to be at least a foot or more long and it
was thick, at least an inch and a half.   Would it be possible for anyone to
take that tool when it was fully erect?   I didn't think so.

This time two slaves came out and knelt in front of Franky.  They got on each
side and both began using their mouths on his huge cock.

Derrick had now seen both dicks and he was scared.   I could see him begin to
shake.  Franky also noticed and just couldn't help but taunt the exfootball
jock.

"Like to beat on defenseless Gay's, huh, prick.   Well let's see how you like
having this up your ass and just so it won't feel jealous I am also going to
push it down your throat, right into your guts."  he laughed.

"You put that fucking thing in my mouth and I'll bite the fucking thing off." 
Derrick swore.

"Oh, I don't think so."  Franky replied.

At the same moment two more slaves appeared.  One walked up to the bound Derrick
and quickly pushed something into the big jocks mouth.   I found out later it
was a metal frame thing that made it impossible for Derrick to close his mouth.

The second slave held a pair of pliers.   He grabbed Derrick by the hair, placed
the pliers in his mouth and gave a twist and a yank.   I couldn't believe it,
they were pulling out Derrick's teeth.   That was the first and only time I felt
any sympathy for the jock, but it only lasted for a moment.

Another slave appeared at Derrick's back end.   He had a can of grease and had
dunked his hand in.   I knew what he was going to do.   He started with one
finger, Derrick gave a visible start when he felt that finger jammed quickly up
his ass.   But it was the least of his problems as the other lad was still
pulling teeth.

They only removed his incisors.  The idea being to make it impossible for him to
do any real damage should he try to bite a cock being forced down his throat. 
The lad that pulled out the teeth then did something else. 

"What is he doing now?" I asked in a low voice.

"Applying stuff to stop the bleeding and prevent infection.   Actually Derrick
should be glad that it was us that pulled his teeth, the Thai's would not do it
this gently and they wouldn't give a damn about bleeding or infection."  John
answered.

By the time Derrick's teeth were pulled, Franky and Eddy had full hard-on's. 
Eddy's dick was between ten and twelve inches long and almost two inches in
diameter.   He wasted no time, just walked up to Derrick and unceremoniously
pushed his cock all the way down the jocks throat.

Derrick tried to twist and pull and get that big dick out of his throat, but had
no success what-so-ever.   His bindings held him immovable.   I could hear him
choking on that cock.   He had not been given any time at all to get used to it.

Eddy held his dick down that gagging throat for what seemed an eternity.  
Derrick's face was beginning to turn red from lack of oxygen.   Eddy didn't give
a shit, he was not going to do anything to make this even slightly pleasant for
the big jock.

When the two lads pulled away from Franky's cock I stared unbelieving.   It was
a monster.  It had to be a foot and a half long and possibly three inches in
diameter.   There was just no way he would be able to get that thing up
Derrick's ass without doing real damage.

The lad that was opening up Derrick's ass had his arm in all the way to the
elbow.   He was fucking Derrick's ass with a slow but steady, all the way in all
the way out motion.

As Franky made his way towards Derrick's ass, the lad pulled his arm out and
another lad rushed up and cleaned all the grease from Derrick's rear end.

Franky placed his huge dick up against Derrick's asspussy and I saw right away
that it was as big as the other lads arm had been.    No matter how you looked
at it this was going to be a very tight fit.

Franky began to shove his massive organ into Derrick's pussy.   Bloody hell I
thought, this is going to take a hell of a lot of work on Franky's part to get
himself off.  

I watch spell bound as that huge dick disappeared, inch by inch, into the bound
and now crying jock.   Eddy must have been really enjoying Derrick's cries.  
They had to be sending thrills up and down his dick.

I was willing to bet at this point that Derrick was ruing the day he had thrown
his first punch to a Gay man. 

The rape of the big jock went on and on, neither of his protagonists was in a
big hurry.   Derrick's body had begun to shake uncontrollably.    Even though he
had been strapped down and couldn't move, we could see his nerves vibrating
along his skin.

Franky and Eddy were both starting to get close.   They had both picked up the
pace of their humping.    They were also both working together, both going in
and coming out at the same time.   Derrick had not learned that he could breath
through his nose when Eddy's cock was down his throat, so each time Eddy pulled
out we could hear Derrick exhale and then take in a big gasp of air.

As the two slaves picked up the pace a new element was added.  Another slave
appeared with a long quirt.  Each time the boys pulled out, he would land a hard
whack across Derrick's ass.   This really fucked up Derrick's breathing routine,
particularly since the slave would wait until Derrick had exhaled the air from
his lungs before letting the quirt land with full force on tender skin.

The effect was quite interesting.   Just as he was about to take in a lung full
of air the quirt would hit and he would yell out his pain, but Eddy's big cock
was starting it's inward plunge.   This only left Derrick with a fraction of a
second to grab some air before the big cock blocked his throat.

My cock had risen at about the same time that Franky had pushed his into
Derrick's ass.   My dogslave had been busy ever since giving me a wonderful
blowjob.    The other dogslave's were busy giving blowjobs to my guests as well.

Just about the time when I was ready to let loose, Eddy gave out a yell:

"Oh, fuck, take this, faggot basher.  Suck down my dick snot, you mother
fucker."

He was pounding the shit out of Derrick's face.    Derrick was not getting any
chances to breath and his face had turned a bright red again.   The lad with the
quirt had moved up and was beating Derrick on the back, in time with the
thrusts, which now were frantic.

Franky began to unload just a second or so after Eddy.    That was my  cue as
well and my balls began to empty for the third time this evening, into the hot
mouth of the dogslave under the table.

Eddy was the first to finish and he finally pulled out enough to let Derrick get
some much needed air.   He was gasping frantically as Franky continued to hump
wildly at his ass.

My own nuts emptied well before Franky finished.   I was thinking that perhaps
he didn't get much really good fucking because of the size of his dick and
perhaps his balls were more overloaded then the rest of us.   I just couldn't
imagine anyone voluntarily letting him jam that monster up their rear ends. 
Even masturbating a cock that big could pose a problem.

When both of the boys were sated they came around front and bowed.   We gave
them both a standing ovation and they departed.

Our serving slaves brought us all a drink.  Steven knew that I like a rye and
coke once in a while so that is what he brought me.   Each of the others was
also brought a drink, well except for John, he was brought a six pack of beer.

He had the whole six pack gone before the rest of us had taken more than a
couple of sips of our drinks.   His slave brought him another six pack and took
away the empties.

While we waited for the next part of the entertainment, we talked about Derrick,
who just happened to still be bound to the apparatus in front of us.   We could
hear him crying softly.   I guessed that it had finally sunk in to his thick,
jock brain, that he was never going to escape from this hell he had brought upon
himself.

A couple of slaves came back in and went to one of the slaves hanging on the
wall.  All the wall slaves had been kept hard, but not permitted to cum during
the whole evening so far, well over two hours.

They undid his bonds and helped him down to the floor.   His cock, a good
healthy, six and a half inches of cut man meat stood straight out from his body.  
He shook his legs to get the circulation going and raised his arms above his
head and did the same.   Then he made his way to Derrick.

Without any ceremony he walked up and pushed his dick down the jocks throat.  
He then set up a reasonable humping pace.   I looked around the room at the
other slaves still hanging in place with big hard-on's.  There were still five
of them hanging there and I had a feeling Derrick was going to either get to
taste each one or feel them up his ass.

I wasn't wrong, the two slaves that had let the first lad down went to the next
and lowered him.   After he had shaken out the kinks he quickly made his way to
Derrick's ass.   This lad must have wanted to empty his nuts real bad.   He just
pushed in and humped madly.   Less than two minutes later he let out a yell of
pure pleasure and we knew he was finally getting to empty his nuts.

As soon as he pulled out the next wall slave was there and took his place.   The
one fucking Derrick's face gave a little yell of delight and began to empty his
nuts.  As soon as he was finished and had pulled out another took his place.

This went on until all the wall slaves had had a turn.   Then other slaves came
in, one at a time and had a go. 
It was actually starting to get boring.

Grant was the first to ask for permission to leave.

It was all I could do to stay awake now myself so I gave permission.  That was
all that was needed for the other's to say they were tired as well.   Well not
quite all, Walt wanted to stay, but told us to go ahead.   He wanted to watch
the bastard get fucked by every slave on the plane, then he was going to go and
take Ned's cherry.

Derrick still had a cock down his throat and one in his ass as we all left. 
Steven was right behind me as I wearily climbed the stairs to the upper deck.

When we got to the bedroom, Steven helped me get out of the leather outfit.

"Did you enjoy the evening, Sir?" he asked.

"You know Steven, I would never have believe I would enjoy watching another man
get raped, but yes I did.  That Sonofabitch deserves it.  It was a great evening
and now all I want to do is sleep.   Why don't you join me."  I said yawing.

"Yes, Sir." Steven answered as he stripped off his own clothes.

We both climbed into the big bed.  I leaned over and gave him a kiss.

"Good night Steven and again, thanks."

I don't remember a thing after that until Steven awoke me in the morning.

To be continued.


This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

PLEASE ALSO NOTE: A typing error that occurred in the last chapter has been
corrected in this chapter.  Harold's right ear was pierced, not his left.  It is
too late to go back and fix the error in chapter 38 because it is already
posted.  I apologize if this causes anyone any great heartache.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 39

Small, Inflight Orgy

I awoke with my arms around Steven.  He was facing away from me and I was
snuggled into his back.   My dick was hard and pushing between the cheeks of his
ass and by the feel of it, the head was touching his nuts.

"You awake, Steven." I whispered quietly, just in case he was still asleep.

"Yes, Sir." he replied.

"Will you stop with the fucking, yes Sir, no Sir, shit when we are alone."  I
complained.

"Yes, Sir." he replied.

"I give up." I said with a giggle and grabbed his dick, which also was fully
erect.

I began to move my hips gently back and forth and wank his dick in time to my
movements.   Oh, man it felt so good to wake up this way. 

Although I had taken a real liking to Steven, I wished it was Pat, lying in his
place. 

"Steven, I think I would like a protein appetizer before breakfast, how about
you?"  I asked.

"I would love it, Harold." he replied.

I gave a little grin at the use of my name.  The first time he had used it
during this flight.

"Let's do it." I said.

Steven pulled away and in a flash his head was down between my legs, while mine
was between his.   My wanking of his dick had produced a small drop of precum
and I licked it off, savoring the taste of him.

The odor of male musk was strong.  After all, we had gone through a whole
evening of sex last night and then gone straight to bed without showers.  I
loved the smell and the taste of him.   I licked his nuts, his sack, behind his
nuts, along his shaven pubs and then up and down the shaft of his dick.

Steven in turn was doing the same to me.   He matched me, move for move and it
felt great.  Every time a drop of precum appeared at his slit, my tongue was
there to lick it off.  All this licking had really turned me on, I wanted that
cock in my mouth and throat and couldn't wait any longer.

I opened my lips and placed them over the throbbing head of his dick.  I closed
my lips and pulled back, just like you would with a lollipop.   I did this a few
times and Steven did the same to me.   It felt fantastic.   The moment had come
to impale my head on his beautiful, throbbing, shaft.

This time when I closed my lips around the head I pushed my head forward.   I
suddenly wondered what it would be like to just force it straight down my
throat.   I was thinking of how Eddy had taken Derrick last night.

Without a second thought I pushed forward hard and Steven's dick slid right down
my throat.   As it passed the critical point in my throat I felt a momentary
need to gag, but that passed as quickly as it came.

Steven's dick was as far down my throat as I could get it.    I held it down
there and tried vibrating my throat muscles to give him a thrill while I
luxuriated in the feel of him.   Steven had not swallowed my dick yet and when I
started with the vibrations he let out a low moan of pleasure.

A moment later I felt my hot, throbbing dick sliding down his throat.  Steven
began to use his tongue as he had done before when he sucked me.    I used a
swirly motion with my tongue as well as some of the tricks I had learned from
Dicky.

We were both giving each other such fantastic feelings that it was impossible
for us to hold out for very long.   Besides, we both had full bladders and I
always cum much faster when my bladder is full.

Steven's dick was all the way deep down in my throat when he shot his first
load.   I could feel his juices travelling down his dick.  It is amazing that
the nerve endings in the throat should be so sensitive.

As soon as he shot that first load I pulled  back quick.   I wanted the second
one in my mouth.   I wanted to taste him, to feel his warmth.   My timing was
perfect.   His second shot erupted just as the head of his dick reached my lips. 
My tongue wrapped itself quickly around the head of his dick and I gave a quick
swallow.  Then I pushed forward and his cock was on it's way back down my throat
to deliver another load directly to my stomach.

Steven had begun to unload just a split second ahead of me.  But now we were 
shooting in total unison and we both ended up being sated at the same moment.

I licked up all the after cum from his slit and any that remained stuck to the
shaft.  When I was sure he would not be dribbling anymore of his precious
juices, I pulled away.   His dick was deflating as was mine.

I twisted around and went to join him at the bottom of the bed.   Our mouths
opened and we kissed.   A deep, hungry kiss.

"I guess we better go get showered, the new day awaits." I said casually.

We climbed off the bed and headed for Charlie's private shower.   I liked my
showers as hot as I could stand and it turned out that Steven did as well.   We
both climbed under the hot water and then soaped each other down.

After rinsing good we climbed out and dried each other.  It was then into the
bedroom and I got dressed.   Steven was going to have to go back to work so he
remained naked.

"Why don't you join me for breakfast, Steven.   We still have a couple of hours
before we land in Thailand."  I invited.

"I really should get to work, Harold, there is so much to do, but I am really
taking a liking to being pampered." he laughed.

"Good.  Call down and get them to bring it up." I instructed.

After breakfast Steven joined Arnold in the office.   They had all kinds of
logistical stuff to worry about, we still had six more Master's to pick up.  The
next Master was Hank.   We would land at Bangkok airport, Thailand at eight AM
local time to pick him up and drop off Derrick.  Hank was Derrick's new Master.

I had expected Master Hank to be oriental but he turned out to be an American of
German decent.   He was tall, muscular and blond with the most gorgeous, pale
blue eyes.   He was every man's dream, a walking, talking, Adonis.

He wore a light, cotton, multicolored shirt, tan shorts, white socks and tan
loafers.   He had a NY Yankees cap on his head covering his long, golden blond
hair.

Steven had advised me to wear a stiff, leather thong instead of underwear,
beneath my shorts.  Now I knew why, my fucking cock had stiffened up just
looking at this gorgeous hunk.

"I am very pleased to meet you, Hank." I almost stammered as he sauntered up to
me.

As we shook hands he said:

"I am pleased to meet you as well, Harold.   I have heard only good things about
you and am sure we shall have some fun times before we reach England."  he  said
with a smile.

We started for the aircraft and climbed up the stairs.   As per usual, Steven
was waiting just inside the door with a slave for Hank.

Hank's slave turned out to be, Slim, the announcer from last nights dinner.  He
was dressed in standard slave garb and was in the rest position.   Steven made
the introductions then led us down the corridor to room five.

Hank looked in, stated that he was satisfied then asked about Derrick.

"He is in the back, Sir.  We have not closed the crate because we figured you
would want to see him before we send him to your training center, Sir." Steven
replied.

"Thank you, Steven.   Yes I would like to see the Sonofabitch."  Hank stated.

We all started back down the hall towards the rear of the aircraft.  Slim closed
the room door and fell in behind me.

A large crate, much the same as those used to ship coffins was laid out on a
trestle.   Derrick was already in the crate, bound and tightly secured.   He
looked rather pale and ill.   Normally I would have felt a great deal of
sympathy for someone in his position, but not this time.

"Please, don't do this." he begged in a whisper.

"Well It looks pretty good.  I should be able to make a ton of money from It.  
The Thai's and other Oriental's love to use a Caucasian, particularly a big
strong one like this thing." Hank said, as if talking about an inanimate object.

"My people are going to break your spirit, boy." he said to Derrick.  "They are
going to turn you into the best male whore in Thailand.   Shit, they will come
from all over the east to get a piece of you, boy.   You will be so full of cum,
you will slosh when you walk, if you ever get up off of the bed that is." he
said and laughed at his own joke.

Tears formed in Derrick's eyes and he tried again:

"Please don't do this.   I will never hurt anyone again.  I swear, but please
don't do this."   the tears were flowing freely down the big jocks cheeks.

Hank just laughed.

"Too late, boy.   Much too late.  Ok, Steven close him up and ship him off." 
Hank ordered as he turned to leave.

Steven turned to the slave's that had been preparing Derrick for transport, and
whispered something.   One of them came forward and rammed a cock gag into
Derrick's mouth.   He tired to fight it but it was no use.  The gag was secured
and the top of the box was just being fitted as I left the room.   I stopped for
just a moment, turned, and took one last look, as the lid was moved into place. 
I felt a small tear form in the corner of my left eye.  I shook it off and left
the room, Slim closed the door and followed behind me.

"We will take off as soon as Derrick is off loaded."  I informed Hank.

"If you would like to come up to the upper deck for take off, Steven has cold
drinks set out for us.  You are most welcome to bring Slim along if you wish." 
I offered.

"Yes, thank you Harold, I think I will.  Come along Slim, might as well climb up
the to rare heights." he joked.

We all gave a giggle at that.   I think I am going to like Hank.   For such a
gorgeous hunk, he sure seemed down to earth.

An invitation had also been extended to the other Master's.   They were all
already on the upper deck when we arrived.  They had all also brought their
slaves, including Walt.  

Ned was naked, kneeling beside Walt's chair.   Walt had a hand around the boys
shoulder and was massaging lightly.   From the look in his eyes I felt that Walt
was feeling some affection for Ned.  Ned, however was not a happy camper.  Tears
were slowly falling down the boys cheeks.  I felt real empathy for him, I knew
exactly how he felt, I had gone through the same ordeal.

Max, true to form, growled as we all entered.  John told him to hush and he sat
back on his haunches and quietly, but with suspicion, watched us all enter.  Max
was very, very well trained.   He had the moves of the dog he aspired to be,
down pat.  As he watched us, his tongue hung out of his mouth and he panted.

John put his hand in his pocket and pulled something out.   He moved his hand
over to Max and placed the item in Max's mouth.   Max chewed happily.

"Lay down and stay, Max."  John ordered.

Max lay down beside the chair where John had been sitting.   He placed his head
on his hands and watched us all closely.

Hank went around greeting the other Master's like a long, lost brother.  They
chatted and told jokes and just generally enjoyed being together again.   I also
got in on the conversations and it was a pleasant way to pass the time until
take off.

"Would everyone please take a seat and fasten the seat belts." Steven announced. 

He then went through the whole airline safety take off safety spiel.  The weird
thing was it did not apply to the slaves.  They all continued to kneel beside
their Master's.   Max never moved a muscle.  He had been told to lye down and
not move and he wouldn't until given permission.

Conversation lapsed during take off, but once the aircraft was well into the
air, it continued from where we had left off.

"Walt," John asked,  "have you opened Ned's backdoor yet?"

"Yeah, last night.   He didn't much like it at first but soon got into it.   He
even blew his load the second time around." Walt laughed.

"Well, Max here needs to get off and I wonder if you would mind letting him have
a go with Ned.   He will take it easy I assure you." John explained.

"Yeah, I think that would be ok, in fact I think it is just what the boy needs.  
The more fucking he gets the quicker he is going to learn to love it."  Walt
replied.

"Did you want to take him down to your cabin?"  Walt asked.

"Shit no!   I thought it would provide us all with a little entertainment to
pass the time."  John replied.

"Sounds good to me."  Walt answered.

"On your hands and knees, Ned."  Walt ordered.

Ned instantly dropped to his hands and knees.  Walt stood up, holding a leash
fastened to Ned's collar.   He walked out to an open area right under the front
windows.

"Uncle Walt has a bitch for you Max.  Go see Uncle Walt boy."  John sudden said
to Max.

At the sound of his name Max got up on all fours.    At John's command to go to
Walt he took off.  As he approached Ned, he began to sniff.   He went first to
Ned's face and licked it.  Ned made no move to pull away.  Max then licked Ned
across the lips but Ned did not respond.   Max began sniffing Ned and headed
towards his back end.   He sniffed it up and down and then down around Ned's
nuts. 

I watched fascinated as Max's tongue shot out and gave a tentative lick of Ned's
nuts.   He then licked around Ned's pussy.   He then got right into it, burying
his face in Ned's ass.

Ned at first was aghast.   You could see the fear, the humiliation and the
disgust on his face all at the same time.  Max couldn't have cared less.   John
had told him he had a bitch and that was all he cared about.

Max's tongue was really working Ned's pussy now.   As he licked we watched his
dick begin to rise.   Max had a very respectable piece of meat, six and a half
inches of cut bone.   Like a dogs dick, Max's lifted up when hard and was
pressed hard against his abs.   His large nuts hung down in their sack, swaying
slightly.

Ned may not have liked the idea of being fucked by a dogslave, but he sure as
hell was starting to like having his ass licked.  His dick had risen and was
throbbing in time to the beat of his heart.   As well, his breathing had begun
to get shallow and he was almost panting.

Max figured he had given Ned enough foreplay and climbed up on his back.  He
shimmied his way forward which caused his cock to bounced up and down.   When he
was close enough he had to start feeling around with his dick, trying to find
the entrance to Ned's love canal. 

I guessed that Max was well versed in art of dog fucking, it didn't take him
long to get his knob to the entrance of Ned's pussy.  Max was being a
considerate dog, his knob was dripping precum and he rubbed a it up and down
Ned's rose bud to give  even more lubrication.

He then gently forced the hot, purple head of his dick into Ned's hole.   Max
worked it back a forth a bit then shoved in a little more cock.   Max worked
slowly and carefully, trying to ensure that Ned enjoyed this as much as he did.

It didn't take long before Max had his dick all the way home.   He rested for a
moment and then began a slow, gentle all the way in all the way out hump of
Ned's pussy.   Max found Ned's prostate and made sure that on each inward stroke
the head of his dick brushed against it.

The stimulation of his prostate soon had Ned trying to increase the great
sensations he was feeling.  He had started pushing his ass back to meet Max's
forward thrusts.  Long strings of silver precum dribbled down from Ned's now
wildly throbbing dick.  A large wet spot had appeared on the carpet right below
his dick.

Hank noticed Slim licking his lips.

"Slim, why don't you go and slurp up some of that wonder juice dripping from
Ned's dick."  Hank more or less ordered Slim.

Slim for his part didn't have to be told twice.   He was over, on his back and
sliding under Ned's belly in a flash.  At the first touch of Slim's lips on his
throbbing man meat, Ned gave out a little moan of pleasure.

"Won't be long before we have the boy completely turned." Walt said smiling.

Watching all this action had caused my own dick to rise.   However I was still
wearing that stiff fucking thong.    I was very, very uncomfortable.  I looked
around to Steven and let him know with my eyes that I was having a problem.

He knew instantly what was wrong and quickly came around and kneeled on the
floor in front of me.    He unfastened my shorts and then released the thong,
pulling it out and pushing it down into the side of the chair.  

My cock bounced up the moment the thong was released.    It stood proud and
strong swaying a bit and dribbling precum.   Steven bent over and took the head
in his mouth.   I let out a little sigh of pleasure.

Steven's action was a cue for Terry and Rick, within a few moments they were
kneeling in front of Grant and Ed, respectively.

Walt let go of Ned's leash and went back to his seat and sat down.   Three
slaves appeared as if by magic and took up positions between the legs of Walt,
John and Hank.

Then Arnold appeared.   He was buck naked and his dick was standing straight up. 
He walked over and knelt down in front of Ned.   He shimmied in close, until his
dick was only a fraction of an inch away from Ned's mouth.   I thought Arnold
was going to have to force his meat into Ned's mouth, but Ned surprised me, and
probably Arnold as well.

Ned stuck out his tongue and licked the head of Arnold's dick.   Arnold moved in
a little closer and soon Ned had Arnold's hot, rod, down his throat and was
fucking his own face like there was no tomorrow.

Whatever Walt had done in the privacy of his cabin, he had turned Ned overnight.  
I didn't think Ned would ever think about or long for, female pussy again.   He
was now a cock lover.  Maybe there was something good about this slavery stuff
after all.

Max was still humping away at an even, gentle pace.   Taking his time and
enjoying himself.   I also suspected he didn't want to hump too fast, or too
hard.   It was probably very warm inside that leather outfit he was wearing.

Steven was doing his best to drive me completely crazy.   He was trying all
kinds of new moves on me.   I was fidgeting around in the chair as though I had
ants in my pants.

I grabbed a quick look over towards Hank, hoping to see what he had.   But the
slave that was doing him was doing it with his ass.   He was sitting on Hank's
lap making some great moves.  Hank had his arms around the lad and was twisting
and tweaking the lads nipples.

Seeing that made my heart pound even harder than it had been and my cock gave a
jump.    Steven noticed and looked up.   I managed to get my eyes back just in
time to see Steven turn to look at what I had be looking at.   He turned back to
me and pulled off my dick.

"Want some of that, Sir?" he whispered just loud enough for me to hear.

I gave a positive shake of my head.   He smiled, stood up and turned around.  
He backed up and made his way back to my lap.   I grabbed my bouncing dick at
the root and held it still so Steven could get his pussy centered on it.

My dick was well lubricated from being in his mouth and it slid into his hole
with no problem at all.   Steven sat himself down on my lap and began to
maneuver his ass around to give me the most exquisite sensations.

I placed my arms around his chest and began to tweak his nipples.   At the same
time I rubbed my own, hard nipples against his warm, smooth back.  The feelings
were altogether unreal.   It had been a while since I had experienced something
so wonderful.

Max had picked up his pace and Ned was now squealing his pleasure out loud, but
the sounds came out muffled because of Arnold's cock filling his throat.

Sounds of slurping and moans of pleasure were coming at me from all around the
cabin.   The room was alive with one great orgy of lust.   Oh what a life, I
thought.   And to think,  if it hadn't been for that fateful meeting with
Charlie,  I would be back in Toronto, alone in my small room, wanking, my only
means of sexual relief.

"Ooooowwwww.   Ooooowwww."  Max suddenly sung out in great doggie fashion.  

He was unloading his hot, slave doggie sperm into the love canal of Ned the
hetro slave.   Each frantic thrust connecting with Ned's prostate and sending
thrills throughout the lad.

Slim, on his back, head under and between Ned's legs was sucking for all he was
worth.   His own six inch, uncut cock standing up and bouncing all over.  Max's
sudden release triggered Ned's and he began to fill Slim's mouth with his dick
snot.

Ned was totally inexperienced with sucking cock so Arnold had not begun to cum
yet.   I had to give Ned credit though, he was trying very hard.

Max was still howling his pleasure and that did something to me and I started to
unload my own cum filled nuts into the ass of the wildly bucking Steven.

"Ahmmmmmmmmm." I moaned.

Then I heard much the same from Hank.   In just a matter of moments the cabin
was filled with the sound of everyone moaning their pleasure as they unloaded
into the mouth of a cocksucker.   These sounds only seemed to heighten my own
lust and made me shoot even harder.

The moans of pleasure soon faded to heavy breathing as everyone was sated. 
Arnold however was still not ready to shoot.   He pulled out of Ned's mouth and
lay down on his back.  He then began to instruct Ned on what to do to really
turn him on.

Slim had pulled out from under Ned and Max had climbed off, however in true
doggie fashion he was licking up all of his own cum and whatever else was
seeping out of Ned's stretched hole.

Ned for his part was following Arnold's instructions and Arnold was finally
starting to breath hard.   I watched in fascination as Ned sucked Arnold's dick
while Max continued to lick his asshole.  The scene was really fucking erotic
and my dick which had begun to deflate, sprang back to life.

"Max."  John called out.  "Here boy."

Max pulled his head away from Ned's love hole, turned and headed back to John.

"Going to get you this time dog."  John said with a smile.  "All these guys are
going to need to pass water soon and guess where it is going?" 

"Grrrrough."  Max answered.

I interpreted that to mean, "Prick".   You can interpret it any way you like.

"You can start with me.  Sit pretty." John ordered getting up out of his chair.

Max sat back and lifted his front paws up and held them at chest level.   John
walked up to him, opened his fly and pulled out his dick.  

Max curled his tongue into a trough and John placed the head of his dick onto
it.  The leather outfit Max was wearing was too thick to show his swallowing
action but we all could hear him.

It took almost five minutes for John to empty his bladder.   Max then licked the
end good to get every last drop.   John  tucked his dick back into his pants and
pulled up the zipper.

"Ok, anyone else that needs to empty their bladder step right up.   Max is
ready."  John offered.

Hank stood up.

"I think I am going to take you up on your offer.  You been trying to get this
Sonofabitch for a couple of years now.  I think its time we got this over with."

He walked over to Max.  Max stuck out his tongue and curled it.   Hank pulled
out his meat and rested the head on Max's tongue.    Then the swallowing noise
could be heard again.

Ed and Grant also decided to get in on the game and when they were finished they
ordered their slaves to empty out as well.   Only Steven, Arnold, Ned and I did
not get involved.   I just could not bring myself to do it.   I had pissed in
Derrick's mouth last night, but I was pissed off at the guy and I didn't make
him drink it.

Ned was still sucking away on Arnold's cock.   Arnold was finally getting close,
his hips were rising to meet the downward thrusts of Ned's head and he was
moaning.

Max was finishing his sixth bladder, Terry's.   Where the hell was he putting it
all, I wondered.  Steven had told me that Max had been trained to hold a lot of
liquid, but this seemed ridiculous.   It was still morning, surely Max would be
begging for John to let him empty his bladder well before midnight.   I had
found out that was the time that John permitted Max to empty his bladder.   If
Max could hold out till then, he would win again.

I was rooting for Max, letting everyone else in on it was taking unfair
advantage.   Then I had a brilliant idea, one that I was sure would get me into
shit.   So far the flight had been without any problems, so why the fuck was I
suddenly ready to make waves?  I don't know, but I did it anyway.

"John."  I said.   "It would seem to me that you can not possibly win today."

He turned and looked at me as if I had hit him over the head with a 2 x 4.

"And, why not?"  he challenged.

"Well, it seems to me that this was supposed to be a contest between you and
Max.  The challenge being, could you fill your bladder often enough during the
day, to fill Max's bladder to the point, where he had to beg you to let him have
relief.  Is that not true?"  I asked.

"Well, yes, I guess it is."  he answered doubtfully.

He was quickly beginning to see where I was going with this and he didn't like
it one bit.

"Well if everyone else is filling Max up it hardly is a contest between the two
of you anymore.   Now I could be wrong but that is how it looks to me."  I
explained.

John immediately looked crest fallen.

"Harold has a good point there, John." Grant piped in.

"Fuck and I thought I was going to get him today.   Ok, contest is off for the
rest of the day.   It will begin again after midnight tonight."  he said
dejectedly.

"Sorry, John.  I didn't want to be the bearer of bad news, but it is better to
find out now then later."  I lied as I tried to console him.

Inside I was tickled pink that I had deflated his balloon.

"Thanks Harold.   Your right of course.  If I had won tonight and then we found
out it wasn't a fair win it would have been very embarrassing."  he replied.

"Steven,  I think everyone could use a cold drink."  I said quietly.

"Yes, Sir." Steven replied, scurrying off to make it happen.

Ned was still sucking away on Arnold's dick.   Arnold was really humping his ass
up and down now and making wheezing noises interspersed with little moans of
pleasure.  Max made his way back to Ned's ass and was licking it again.

Another crazy thought entered my head and I thought it would be worth a laugh to
speak it out loud.

"John, there are no trees on board, where do you take Max to piss?"

"I guess you have never seen it, Harold.  It is really quite ingenious,  Charlie
invented the method.   Would you like to see it?"  he asked.

"Yes, I would."  I answered.

"Grant, Ed, may I borrow Terry and Rick to help with the equipment?" John asked.

They both agreed and John left with the two slaves following close behind.  They
returned a few moments later.   John was carrying what looked like a fire
hydrant and the two slaves each had hold of what looked like a rolled up carpet.

Terry and Rick rolled out the carpet, which turned out to be a rubber mat with
one inch sides.   The fire hydrant was placed in the center of the mat.   It
must have had suction cups or something because John pushed down a little handle
and then tried to lift the hydrant.   It was secured to the mat.

He then removed the cap from the port on the front of the hydrant.   On a real
fire hydrant a hose would connect up to the port.    When the cap was removed
there was just a hole.

"This is where Max pisses when we are in the air."  John explained.   "We make a
game of this as well.   Max must try to get all of his piss into the hydrant. 
If he starts to dribble outside the hydrant, I start a stop watch and keep it
going until he gets his piss where he is supposed to."

"For each ten seconds that he amasses on the stop watch, he gets one swat with
my leather belt, across his bare ass.   Max very seldom misses."

"Max time for a walk, boy."  John called out.

Max pulled his nose away from Ned's ass and looked up.  He then scampered, if
you could call it scampering, over to John. 

John fastened the leash to his collar and then started walking around the cabin. 
Max took up a position on John's right and slightly back.

John walked him around the cabin a couple of times, avoiding the mat that had
been laid out and demonstrating how obedient Max was.   He had him heel, point,
trot, walk graceful, trail and role over.

The third time round the room, John walked onto the mat, passed the hydrant and
stopped.   Mat sniffed all around the hydrant, front, back, top and bottom, I
mean he really sniffed that fucking hydrant.  He even stuck out his tongue and
licked the damned thing a couple of times.

Then he got himself into position and lifted his left leg.  He got his cock up
close to the hole in the hydrant and a moment later we could hear the piss
flowing into the hydrant.

John stood patiently beside him, a stop watch in his hand, watching closely for
any sign of dribbling outside the hole.  Max did not miss and he did not dribble
a single drop.

The sound of the piss flow eased and we knew he was finished.   John pulled a
rag from his pocket and leaned over.   Max still had his leg up and the final
dribbles of piss were entering the hydrant. 

When he was sure Max was finished, John wiped Max's dick and Max lowered his leg
and the walk continued as far as John's chair.

The room gave the two of them a polite applause.   I had to admit it was quite a
show.    They worked together perfectly as a team.

John sat down and one of the slaves handed him a beer.  He said something
inaudible to the slave.  The slave left the cabin and was gone for only a few
minutes.    When he returned he was carrying a dog bowl.   He went to the drinks
counter and pulled out two cans of beer.  He opened the cans and poured the
contents into the dog bowl, then headed towards John.

The slave placed the dog bowl, containing the beer, in front of Max.

"There ya go Max, a treat."  John said.   "You have been a good dog today."

He rubbed Max's leather clad head then sat back and watched as Max noisily
lapped up the beer.

For the next hour or so we all just drank and chatted.   Our next stop was in
Sidney, Australia to pick up Master Ron, a Magistrate of the Australian
Congress.   Steven informed me that we would also get to see Rolly as well.   He
was going to be delivering a few outfits to our hotel.

Steven wouldn't elaborate about the outfits, which right away made it obvious
the outfits were meant for me.  I could only hope that Charlie would wait until
we were back at home before he played anymore of his silly games.

Lunch had been laid out buffet style, in the dinning room on the lower level.  A
table had been set and the Master's sat there to eat while all the slaves,
except Max, sat in a small group on the floor, away from the table.

Max lay on the floor beside John.  John had a bowl of dog biscuits and every
once in a while passed one down to Max.   Obviously that was going to be the
extent of Max's lunch.

After lunch Steven announced that we would have a Cribbage tournament.   Card
tables had been set up on the upper deck.  Each Master and his slave would form
a team, except for John and Max.   Max, being a dog, could not play cards.  John
was given a choice of any of the other Steward's on the plane.

He chose Roger, apparently he had played Cribbage with Roger before, because he
did not hesitate even for a second when Steven asked whom he would like for a
partner.

Charlie had offered a very good prize for the winners of the tournament.  An all
expenses paid evening on the town, in London.   We all adjourned from the
dinning room to the upper deck. 

There were six teams which worked out great.   Three tables had been set up,
with two teams sitting at each table. 

The set up was quite simple, each team would play each other team for the best
out of three.   The winners of each of those rounds would play each other
narrowing it down to just two teams playing for the grand prize.

Steven and I drew Walt and Ned for the first round.   It turned out that Ned was
not much of a card player and only played Crib a few times.   Steven and I
skunked them twice in a row.   Because the other teams had not yet finished we
went ahead and played the third game just for the hell of it.    They did much
better this time, we only beat them by one point.

For the second round we drew Grant and Terry.  They won the first game, we won
the second and they won the third.

At the end of the first round Grant and Terry, John and Roger and Steven and I
were the winners and would go on to the second round.   The luck of the draw put
Steven and I up against Grant and Terry for this round.

Grant and Terry won the first hand, Steven and I won the second and third.  
John and Roger replaced Steven and I at the table.  This round would decide
which two teams would play for the grand prize.

John and Roger won the first hand, Grant and Terry the second.   John and Roger
came back and won the third. 

Grant and Terry got up and Steven and I took their places.   It was down to the
wire,  The winners of the next three games would get a night on the town in
London, England.   Wouldn't it be something if the winners turned out to be two
fucking slaves, I thought humorously to myself.

"What are you smiling about, Harold?" John asked.

"Oh nothing much, John.   Guess I find it amusing that I am still in the game,
never was much good at Cribbage." I replied.

"Well from your performance today it looks like your game has improved
substantially." he said with a smile.

The first hand of the first game started off really great for Steven and I.   I
had the crib and 24 in my hand.  Steven had 18 and there was a further 24 in the
crib.  John had 4 and Roger 2.

The second hand was also good, I had 12 and Steven 14.  John had 2 and Roger got
a big zero and he had the bloody crib.    We ended up trouncing them, they were
still 30 points on the wrong side of the skunk line when Steven pegged home.

The second hand was neck and neck all the way around.   We were all within 15
points of the finish.  Steven dealt the cards which meant we had the Crib, but
also the last count, which could go against us this close to the finish.

Ned had first count, he came up with 10.  It was then my turn and I had 8.  
John tallied up next and he had a fourteen hand, one peg short of a win.   It
was now up to Steven.   Did he have enough to bring this game to a close and
hand us a win or would we have to deal out another hand?

Steven's hand count was twelve. then he picked up the crib.   At first a look of
disappointment crossed his face and then suddenly it brightened right up.   The
face up card was the 3 of hearts.   Steven  counted out loud:

"Two for Jacks and one for the match."

One of his Jacks was the Jack of hearts.  Three points placed his peg in the
winners hole.    We had won, I couldn't believe it, we had actually won.

We both jumped up and ran to each other.  The other's all closed in and
congratulated us.   Oh fuck was this going to be great, Steven and I out for a
night on the town in London.   Wow.

The Cribbage tournament had used up a considerable amount of time.   We were
only an hour out of Sidney.   We would be spending the night on the ground.  
Arrangements had been made for us at the Master's special hotel, the one we had
stayed in when we were here just a few days ago.

Master Fulton and Master Ron met us as we got off the plane.  Three limos were
waiting to whisk us off to the hotel.   Master Fulton treated me like Royalty,
not the slave that I actually was.   This really was something.

Charlie, ever mindful of image when travelling had arranged for the entire
penthouse floor of the hotel.   It was one huge suite with 12 large bed rooms.  
Each bedroom was complete with it's own private toilet, showers and hot tub.

As Charlie's Ambassador I was given the Master bedroom.   It was a corner room
with large windows on two sides.  Giving a fantastic view of Sidney.   The bed
was at least 20 feet wide and 15 feet long.   The head was against an inside
wall so the resident would have a great view Sidney right from the bed.

Each of the Master's brought their slaves with them.  If the Master's wanted,
the slaves could spend the night with them or they could go into a room set
aside for the slaves.

Because Max, being a dog was limited in what he could participate in, John asked
if Roger could be his partner for the evening.   I readily agreed.  

It really was a sight to see the two of them get out of the limo, both dressed
in black leather.  They were holding hands and John also held the leash as Max
crawled awkwardly out of the limo and trotted along on hands and knees behind
them.  What a great looking, domestic threesome they made.    The only thing
missing to make the scene complete, was a kid.

Master Fulton, whose name was Keith, invited us all to his place for dinner.   I
gratefully accepted on behalf of the entire group.   Charlie had already advised
that an invitation would be extended.

Ron was staying with us in the suite.  He had flown in earlier in the day from
his Home in Melbourne.   Citing, important Congress business that had to be
attended to, Keith and Ron left.   Dinner would be in three hours and we would
meet them again at Keith's place.

After being cooped up in the aircraft for so long I wanted to get out and walk.  
The other Master's agreed it would be a great idea.  Sidney had a Gay/Lesbian
community, much like London's, filled with shops and Bistro's.  

We changed into clothes appropriate to the warm climate.   Light, cotton, "T's",
shorts and running shoes.   We had also been advised to wear a cap, and found
plenty to choose from in the wardrobes.

John even had Max change.   It was the first time I had every seen Max.    He
was a very good looking young man.  Why he would have chosen to be a dogslave
was beyond me.  

Although in regular clothes and walking on two feet, Max did not give up his dog
persona.   He still barked and whined when he wanted something or when answering
questions directed to him.  He still wore his dog collar and John kept him on
the leash.

The limos dropped us all off on a side street.    We all piled out and John led
the way to the main street, Roger holding his hand and Max, on his leash,
following close behind.

I grasped Steven's hand and we followed John.   Arnold followed along behind
Steven and I, for just a moment I had the idea that perhaps Arnold should be on
a leash.   But the thought faded as quickly as it came. 

The street was abuzz with men and women, the only thing that set the street
apart from any other street was that the men were paired up with men and the
women with women. 

It was an exciting street, with a gay festive mood about it.    Colorful banners
proclaiming some up-coming event waved from the lamp posts.   The hum of people
and music filled the air. 

Steven and I walked along, holding hands, stopping to look in the windows of all
the stores.   Arnold continuing to tag along close behind.  

The stores had Merchandise from all over the world, related to Gays and
Lesbians, laid out attractively, waiting for a buyer.   Exquisite clothing,
beautiful jewelry, furnishings and knick knacks.

I was admiring a gold wrist chain and thinking how nice it would be if I had
some cash.   I would buy that chain as a gift for Steven, a momento of our
around the world flight.   Steven must have seen something in my eyes for he
asked:

"Do you see something you like, Harold.  You can purchase anything that catches
your fancy.   Arnold will look after payment."  Steven explained.

"Charlie might get pissed if I go around spending money without his ok."  I
replied.

"Not likely, Harold.   You would have to spend one hell of a lot of money before
Charlie would even notice.  Besides, Charlie has given Arnold and I instructions
to let you have whatever you want."  he said with a smile.

"Interesting." I replied.

"What do you think of that gold chain?"  I asked him, pointing to the one I was
interested in.

"It is beautiful, Harold.   It would look great on your wrist."  He answered.

"Mmmm I think I would like it.   Let's go get it."  I said quickly.

It turned out to be very expensive, but the hell with expense,  I thought, 
Steven is worth it.    After retrieving the item from the window, the clerk
asked if I would like it gift wrapped.

"Yes, I think so." I replied.   "However, I would like it wrapped on the inside
rather than the outside."

The clerk looked at me as though I had lost my mind.   I reached out and took it
from his hand.

"Steven give me your right wrist please." I said.

Without thinking at all, Steven lifted his wrist and I snapped the chain on.  
Then asked him to hold it out so we could all see.

"There I think I like it much better gift wrapped."

I then leaned forward and gave Steven a quick kiss to the lips.

"Thank you for everything you have done for me on this trip Steven.   I really
do appreciate it."  I said sincerely.

Steven turned a little pink and started to sputter a surprised thank you.   I
placed a finger to his lips:

"No need to thank me, I just wish I could do more.   Now let's go and see if we
can find gifts for Pat and Charlie.   Hell, if he has given me the ok to spend
then I sure as hell am going to."  I said happily.

The remainder of our afternoon was a real fun time.   We even stopped and had,
cafe au lait, at one of the outdoor bistro's.   Once he loosens up, Steven is
one hell of a lot of fun to be with.

Back at the hotel, Steven and I jumped into the shower, preparatory to getting
dressed for this evenings dinner at Senior Master Fulton's.   We had, had so
much fun in town that it naturally boiled over into the shower and that led to
us both getting hard and .........well that led to, mmmmmmmm  delicious.

After the shower, while drying, I got a jolt of pain while drying my head.   My
right ear was burning from the piercing he had given me the day before.  Steven
took a look and asked if I had been applying the ointment regularly and I said
yes.   It was his considered opinion that I had a bit of an infection. 

Back in the bed room he called down to the desk and talked for a few moments. 
He then turned and said no problem they would send up some antibiotic ointment
right away.  

When it arrived, he liberally coated the piercing with the stuff, moving the
stud back and forth to make sure the ointment went right into the piercing.   It
hurt and I made my displeasure known.  Steven had the nerve to tell me to stop
acting like a baby and stand still.   I almost swatted the twerp. 

Dress for this dinner was to be formal.  I got to wear my very first, real
tuxedo.  Not a leather one.   Steven fussed for a good half hour to get me
dressed perfectly.   He said I was the star of the evening and had to be
perfect.

Once I was dressed to his satisfaction, he donned the same type of outfit in
about five minutes flat and looked every bit as perfect as I did.

"Thirty, fucking minutes you took, fussing around like a mother fucking hen
getting me dressed."  I complained loud and clear.

"And then have the nerve to get dressed yourself in five minutes and still look
just as good as I do."

"I do not look just as good as you."  he retorted.

"I look better."

"Bastard."  I laughed.

I leaned forward and gave him a kiss on the lips.

"Let's go blow them all away at Senior Master Uppity Ups, Mansion."  I said
taking his hand and heading for the door.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 40

Ambassador Harold

Each pair of guests were supplied with a limo.  The slaves were accepted as
equals for this event, however poor  Arnold was not paired with a Master and he
didn't think he would be welcomed.   I pish-poshed that.

I told him to select one of the other slaves and they could go as a couple.  
That brightened him right up.

"Well in that case, Sir, I would like to take Will as my partner." 

"Then do it, Arnold."  I replied.

Seven limos waited outside the hotel to take us to Keith's mansion.  Steven and
I led the way as we stepped out of the elevator.  Two doormen opened the hotel
doors as we approached and saluted as we passed by.  The limo driver was waiting
with the rear door of the car open for us, as was the driver of each of the
limos behind ours.

As Steven and I climbed in, the other's quickly made their way to the other
limos.  

"This really is something Steven.   Shit I never thought in a million years I
would ever get treated like Royalty.   But look, they are all falling all over
themselves to be nice to me."  I said as we waited for the driver to get in.

"Well I have to admit, Harold, I ain't never been treated like this before
either.   It really is strange seeing the world from this side.   Damn I think I
am starting to like it."  he smiled.

"Yeah, ain't that the truth."  I giggled.

"Well I guess we had best make the best of it because you can bet your boots it
is not going to last for ever." I added.

The driver had been waiting for all the other cars to get loaded.  He then
jumped in and we were off.  Steven and I chatted and watched the sights of
Sidney glide by.   It really was a very beautiful city.

Keith's mansion was a good half hours drive from our hotel.   It was nestled on
the top of a slight rise and surrounded with beautiful gardens and magnificent
trees.   A long winding drive led up to and in front of, the large stone house.

Two livery men, dressed in what else but skin tight black latex, stood on either
side of the drive and as the limo came to a stop they each opened a door.

Steven got out on one side and I on the other.   He came around and joined me
and the limo drove off, to be replaced by the one right behind us.

A gentleman in a Butlers outfit welcomed us to Sidney House and led us up the
stairs and into the house.   We passed through a large foyer, into a gorgeous
hall and then into a room filled with men in tuxes.   Immediately a voice
sounded out:

"Ambassador Harold of the World Master's Congress and his escort, Steven."

All chatter stopped and they turned to the door, then formed a line with Keith
at the head.

"Welcome to my home, Harold.   It is a great honour you do me by attending."  he
said graciously.

"Senior Master Fulton, Keith if I may, it is I who am honored by your very kind
invitation."  I replied shaking his hand.

We had a few more words and then I started down the line.  He introduced me to
each guest in turn.  I shook hands with each and spoke a few words, then on to
the next.  It was obvious that these were all Senior members of the Australian
Congress,  except one.   Near the end of the line was my friend Rolly.

"It is good to see you again, Rolly."  I smiled warmly as I took his hand.

"I didn't think we would meet again so soon."   he replied,  "It is indeed a
welcome pleasure."

"I delivered some new duds to the plane, however you had already left before I
arrived.   Keith very kindly invited me as soon as he arranged this little get
together."

"Well my friend I am very happy he did.  I would have been sorely disappointed
had we not met again." I replied truthfully.

I had thought perhaps each of the Master's in my party would go through the line
as well, but that was not the case at all.  As soon as I moved on to the next
person in the line, the one behind dispersed.   By the time I was half way down
the line the room had become quite noisy again from all the chatter.

When I reached the end of the line, Keith handed me a rye and coke.   I didn't
bother to ask how he knew it is the one drink I like, besides coke that is.

Rolly came over and joined us,  we stood around and chatted for a good half
hour.   I sipped very sparingly at my drink, I did not want to get tipsy or do
anything to make Charlie look bad.  

A little bell tinkled and a voice called out:

"Dinner is served."

The chatter died down again and Keith came to my side.

"May I escort you to the dining room, Harold." he asked

"Why thank you, Keith."   I answered.

The members parted to each side as Keith placed an arm on my shoulder and guided
me to a set of doors at the opposite end of the room from which we had entered.

The others all formed up behind us and followed us in.   A good looking young
man, introduced as Reg, had taken Steven's hand and was right behind us. 
Although it wasn't mentioned, it was quite obvious that Reg was Keith's slave.

The dining room was huge, with one large table filling the room.   I estimated
there were about thirty men in attendance and they all fit comfortably around
that table.

We walked about half way up the table.  It turned out that Keith and I would be
sitting next to each other at the approximate centre of the table.  Reg took up
a position on my right and Steven was placed on Keith's left.

We remained standing until everyone had taken a place behind a chair.   Rolly
was in a position directly across the table from me.   Keith bent over and
picked up a glass of wine from the table.   There was a full glass in front of
each person.   Everyone leaned forward and picked one up following Keith's lead, 
I picked up one as well.

"Gentlemen." he said lifting his glass at a forty-five degree angle straight in
front and just slightly above the level of his head.

The others all followed suit, and I being the stranger adopted the philosophy,
"When in Rome", and lifted my glass as well.

Once all the glasses had been lifted to the correct angle, Keith finished the
toast:

"The Queen."

"The Queen." they all repeated and brought the glass to their lips and drank.

"Gentlemen."  Keith spoke again, 
"Master Charlie has honoured us again.   This time with the very distinguished,
Ambassador Harold."

He lifted his glass again and everyone followed suit.

"Gentlemen, Master Charlie and the World Master's Congress." 

"Master Charlie." they all repeated and took another drink from the glass.

He raised his glass once more and said:

"Gentlemen, to our very distinguished guest, Harold."

Now I was flummoxed.   What the fuck do I do?   They are toasting me, do I lift
my glass and drink to myself?  It didn't seem right so I decided not to lift my
glass.   I prayed that that was the correct thing to do.

"Harold."  they all called out and took a drink.

It was a great honour to have so many men drink a toast to you.  However I felt
embarrassed. I hadn't done a damned thing to deserve such an honour.   However,
my dick didn't give a shit, I was embarrassed that was all it cared about and
stood up to salute the occasion.

After the toast, he pulled out his chair and indicated I should do the same.  We
both sat down at the same time and then everyone else followed suit.

Dinner was excellent.  The food was superb and the conversation light.   We ate
at a leisurely pace and just plain enjoyed good food and good company.

After the coffee and aperitif had been served and consumed, Keith and I stood up
together.   There were to be no speeches, however a floor show had been laid on
and we would go into Keith's private auditorium to watch the performance.

Keith's auditorium turned out to be a large gymnasium with a stage at one end. 
Much like you would see in most schools.  The red curtain on the stage was
drawn.  The floor had been carpeted for this occasion and easy chairs had been
place to make the audience much more comfortable.

After we were seated, drink orders were taken and soon delivered.  The lights
dimmed and the room became almost pitch black.   A spot light came on, pointed
at the left wing of the stage and entrance music began to play.   A man dressed
in the most ridiculous clothes I have ever seen made his way to centre stage.

He was a comedian and had us in stitches for a good hour.   I didn't get to take
a single sip out of my glass from the moment he began.   In fact I had to put
the glass down on the floor for fear of spilling it all over the place.

As he told his jokes he stripped slowly, layer after layer of clothing came off.  
It took almost his entire routine to get everything off.  The most amazing thing
was the beautiful body that emerged from all that ridiculous cloth.

He was about 5'7 or 5'8, 190 lbs I would guess, with a beautifully developed
chest, narrow waist and a really fantastic bubble butt.   By the time he was
naked, my cock was at full staff and throbbing for attention.

He was not only now telling jokes he was also acting them out and wanking at the
same time.   His final joke ended with the sentence,  "Then eat this."   As he
said it he began to shoot his juice all over the stage.  

Well, it was so unexpected, I almost came in my fucking pants.    If this kept
up I was going to have one hell of a wet crotch before we left here this
evening.

After blowing his load he took a bow, as we gave him a standing ovation.   My
trousers were not skin tight and I could feel my dick poking upwards.   I didn't
dare look down in case I were to draw attention to it.

As soon as he left the stage I sat down quickly, the stage lights had risen
bathing the room in a golden glow.   The room was abuzz with conversation and
laughter.    Keith and I were discussing how fucking hot the act had been.  
Steven was sitting on my right, he leaned over and whispered:

"Are you ok Harold.  I see you have a hard on too."  he giggled.

"Fucking right I do.   That act was some fucking hot.    I would love to have
your hot lips wrapped around my dong right about now."  I whispered back.

He just smiled wantonly.

Music began to play and the stage lights dimmed.   The room became hushed again. 
The curtain opened, the stage was bathed in a steel blue light.   A large mural
of mountains covered the back wall.  It was a really beautiful sight.

A man, dressed in black leather, including a hood, walked out to center stage.  
Another soon followed.   They stood side-by-side facing the audience.  One  of
them had a bunch of leather straps hanging around his neck.  They gave a slight
bow then turned  completely around so their backs were to us.

Two naked young men, they could have been twins, they were so evenly matched,
walked out.  One entered from the left wing the other from the right.  They met
in the middle of the stage, turned around and placed their backs to each other. 

The two leather clad men went to them and placed a leather strap around their
waists, cinching it tight and locking them together back to back.   Another belt
was fastened around the chests and cinched tight as well.  The two leather clad
men moved back, taking up the position they had before.

One by one, three more sets of two men came out and were belted together.   They
stood side-by-side from stage front and centre to stage rear and centre.   I am
not sure how far apart they were but it looked to be about arms width.

After being belted together each two man team then very carefully went down to
their knees.   It couldn't have been all that easy to do, being bound back to
back like they were, but they made it look easy.

Four more naked men came out, two from each side and as with all eight of the
others they were evenly matched for size.

One man from each side with the assistance of the second man, climbed up onto
the shoulders of the two men strapped together at stage front and centre.  Their
crotches in the face of the man whose shoulders they were sitting on.   They
locked their legs together and the men below them brought their arms  across the
top of the legs and I presumed locked there hands together to form a bond to
keep the sitting men locked on.

As this was happening another four came out and two of them climbed up on the
shoulders of the next bound pair.   It kept up like this until each of the bound
pairs had two men sitting on their shoulders.

The spare men on each side, all down the row, now came forward, did a flip and
were up on their hands.   The men up on the shoulders now leaned back and
grasped the legs of the men standing on their hands.  

Being steadied by the men leaning back, the men standing on their hands now bent
their legs at the waist until they were running along the sides of the man that
had leaned back.  The leaning man grasped those legs tight.  

The man leaning back bent his head down and his face was now in the crotch of
the man standing on his hands.

This was still to get even more complicated as the man standing on his hands now
began to walk towards the man on whose shoulders the leaning man was resting.  
When he got there he grasped the mans legs tight and placed his head in the
man's crotch.

We now had twenty-four young men on stage and in this weird configuration, all
with their faces in the crotch of one of the others.   I was quickly getting
turned on again, not that I had had a chance to turn off since the comedian.

But they weren't finished yet.  Three  latex clad men came out for each of the
bound teams.   They quickly climbed up onto the leaning men, faced forward and
took a bow.   We gave them an applause.

I noticed right away that the latex trousers were completely crotchless, and
each of the men had a hard on.

The man in the middle of each team got down on his hands and knees.   The one at
his head got down on his knees, and placed his hard dick into the man's mouth.  
The one to his rear got down and quickly had his dick up the man's ass.  

Each of the men forming the pillars and platform for this fuckfest began to work
on the cock that was in his face.    I had seen a few of them get hard before
the action began, but it didn't take long for the rest to catch up.

It was amazing this big pile of guys, thirty-six of them, all having sex
together at the same time.   Hell I wondered if Guinness kept records of largest
single fuck and suck group.   But now they did something even more amazing.

The two bound guys that were supporting all that weight above them, began to
move.   How the fuck were they able to do it, I wondered.   I mean they were on
their fucking knees and bound back to back.   Their fucking legs were tangled
together.   Yet they manage to bring the whole thing round smoothly.

It was a giant, living, fucking, sucking, carrousel.   I had thought the guys
getting it up the ass would be the only ones that would not get to blow a load,
but I was wrong.   As this living, human, organism turned I could see that the
guy fucking his ass was wanking him as well.

Then I had a thought.   Would they all cum at the same time?    Was it possible
to orchestrate  something like this so that all the participants would blow
together?   Well I guess time would tell.  Keith must have been thinking the
same thing.   He leaned towards me and whispered:

"Bet you a blow job they don't all cum together." 

I thought about it for a second and then said to myself what the hell, it's only
a blow job and I like the taste of cock.

"Yer on."  I replied.

Keith sat back in his chair with a self satisfied smile on his face.   He was
pretty damned confident he had won.  Wouldn't it be interesting to see his face
if he lost.

The group had made one complete revolution and were back to where they had
started.   As if on cue each of the faces sucking a cock pulled back and we
watched in awe as twenty-four dicks began to shoot cum onto the face that had
been sucking them only a moment before.

The three latex clad guys were also cumming.  The one at the head was wanking
his load into the open mouth of the one on his knees.     The one at the rear
had his right hand on his own dick and his left on the cock of the one on his
knees and both cocks were blowing man juice.

I turned and looked at Keith with a big smile on my face.   He looked
devastated.   I figured I had better save this situation, so leaned over and
said to him:

"Of course our bet meant a blow job from our slave, did it not?"

He brightened up right away.

"Yes, yes, indeed it did." 

"Well would you tell Reg to get over here, I don't think I can take this much
longer."  I replied.

A second later Reg was on his knees in front of me.   He undid my zipper and
pulled out my now sopping wet dick.   He licked the head happily.   Mmmm I
thought to myself, Reggie boy likes dick too.

I leaned over towards Steven and whispered in his ear:

"Why don't you do Keith, it may win us a few brownie points."

He smiled and got up out of his chair.   He got in front of Keith and went down
on his knees.  

"Master Keith, Sir.   I would consider it a great honour, Sir, if you were to
permit me to relieve your tension, Sir."  Steven said humbly.

Keith's eyes lit up and he readily agreed to the arrangement.   I didn't know if
he had ever had Steven's lips around his shaft before, but if he hadn't he was
in for a real treat.   I knew that for a certainty, because Reg was a piss poor
cocksucker.   He didn't seem to know the first fucking thing about making a cock
feel good.   I was so disappointed I wanted to take my shoe and push him away.

The real me took over again and I was ashamed of myself.    I was just a fucking
slave, no better no worse than Reg.   Just because they were all treating me so
grand meant sweet bugger all in the real scheme of things.  I could see I was
going to have to be very careful not to let this all go to my head.

The human pyramid or whatever the hell you call it had broken up and the guys
were all busy licking the cum off each others faces.  When that was complete
they turned to the audience and took a bow.   They were given a standing ovation
by everyone but Keith and I.   It was kind of hard to jump to your feet when
someone was on their knees in front of you sucking your dick.

The curtain closed and the stage lights came up.    There was a slight bit of
noise emanating from behind the curtain so I assumed props were being set up for
the next act.   Reg continued to slurp away on my dick, not really doing
anything except stopping my precum from making a fucking mess all over the
place.

On the other hand, Keith was doing his best to stifle moans of pleasure as
Steven gave him the best blowjob he had ever had, I am sure.  I heard a few more
moans coming from behind me so knew that other Master's were getting a bit of
relief as well.

The stage lights began to dim and the curtain to open.  This time the stage was
dark behind the curtain, then a spot light came on.   In the centre of the stage
stood a leather Master.

A big man, at least six foot tall, about two hundred sixty pounds.  He wore a
black leather cap, leather vest, and leather harness.   His trousers were skin
tight black leather and the outfit finished off with paratrooper boots, that
were highly shone and kept catching and reflecting the spot light.

"Gentlemen, Master Wallingford, slavedog Master extrordinare."  Sang out a
voice.

Master Wallingford took a bow.

"Gentlemen, the one question I, as a slavedog trainer, get asked the most is,
"What the hell use is a slavedog?"   Well Gentlemen, tonight I would like to try
and answer that question for those that really don't know."  Master Wallingford
spoke out in a deep, base voice.

Shit just the sound of the man's voice started my cock to jump in Reg's mouth.  
I had never heard a voice that sounded so damned sexy.

"May I draw your attention to display number one."  he said pointing to the
right side of the stage.

Lights began to glow in a little room that had been set up.   It was a mock
living room with the only real piece of furniture being a lazy boy chair.  Lying
on the floor beside the chair was a dogslave, dressed in the same type of
leather or latex outfit that Max was wearing.

A door on the false wall of the room opened and a Leatherman entered.   The dog
jumped up and went right to him.  He patted it's head and gave a few words of
greeting, then told the dog to go lay down.

As soon as the dogslave got up, I heard Max growl and give a bark behind me.  
That broke up the whole audience.   John could be heard above the din
admonishing Max and telling him to lay down and be quiet.

The Leatherman sat down in the lazy boy, bent over and quickly removed his boots
and socks.  He then leaned back in his chair with his feet up on the foot rest.

He snapped his fingers twice and the dogslave rose up, crawled to the
Leatherman's feet and began to lick.

"After a long hard day out on the bike,"  Wallingford spoke from somewhere in
the darkness of the rest of the stage.  "it is so comforting to come home and
have your sore feet massaged by your dogslave."

Light began to glow in another room next too the first one.    This one was a
bed room with a bed and a large mirror over it so the audience would be able to
see whatever transpired on the bed.

A door opened and a naked hunk entered.  He had a leash in his hand and a
dogslave, much the same as the first one, entered behind him.  The hunk
unclipped the leash from the dogslave's collar and placed it on the bedside
table.  He then raised his arms in a mock yawn.

"On the bed Jules."  the man ordered.

Now this was really interesting to watch.  You must remember that Jules wore a
pair of hard cased mitts with no fingers or thumbs, and his ankles were bound to
his thighs.   It would seem to me that getting up onto that bed would be
impossible.

But oh how wrong I was.   Without any help from his Master, Jules crawled over
and stopped about two feet from the bed.  He got up on his knees into the beg
position, did a forward flip.   When his hands hit the floor his arms bent down
to almost a ninety degree angle.  He then pushed up hard and fast while at the
same time throwing his legs forward.  His body lifted up and he flipped as neat
as you please through the air and landed on his knees on the bed.

The audience went wild.   Clapping, hooting, whistling and shouting out there
amazement and pleasure.

The man then climbed onto the bed and lay out on his back with his legs spread
and his hands behind his head.   Jules began licking his chest and worked his
way over to the man's arm pits.

"After a hard day at work it is so nice to come home to a nice tongue massage." 
Wallingford spoke out again.  "Now who else but a dogslave would take the time
to ensure every inch of your body got massaged?  No one, I assure you."

The lights began to glow in a room next to the bedroom.    This room represented
a living room.  It had a sofa and two easy chairs.   There were four men, all
dressed in casual clothes, sitting in the room, two on the sofa necking and one
in each chair.

"Frank!  Get your lazy good for nothing ass in here, boy." one of the men in the
chairs hollered out.   "And bring the fucking dog with you."

A door opened and a young guy of about eighteen entered.   All he was wearing
was a black thong and a heavy, black dog collar.   He held a leash and attached
to the leash was another dogslave dressed like the others.

He walked to the centre of the room and got down on his knees into the rest
position.

"Well don't just sit there you lazy, good fer nuthing prick, enter-fucking-tain
us." he bellowed.

The dogslave rose to the beg position.   The young slave bent down and began to
give the slavedog a blowjob.

"Now when you have friends over and need some entertainment, why the dogslave is
perfect."  Wallingford announced from that dark spot.

"Now Gentlemen, I am going to reveal a training technique that very few
outsiders have ever seen.   In honor of our special guest, Ambassador Harold, I
give you, Cock Training 101"

Another room began to glow.   Standing in the room were two very evenly matched
young men.  They each had another slave sucking their cocks.   A Master entered
the room and the two slaves doing the sucking pulled away and stood up.

He then brought the two slaves together making them place their throbbing cocks
side by side.   He placed a black leather cuff around the two cocks and fastened
it.   Each end of the cuff also had a small black strap which went around the
balls.  He fastened the straps and stood back.

They were then ordered to put their hands behind their backs.  The other two
slaves then came forward and cuffed their hands then raised them up and locked
them to the black leather collars around their necks.

They were now cuffed and their dicks were locked together.   Wallingford then
explained what was required.

"Without the use of their hands and with very limited movement, they must now
bring each other off and they must both blow at the same time.  Should they
fail, they will be hung upside down and whipped.   To make this doubly
interesting, we chose new slaves, they have never done this before."

The other Master then told them to go.  I watched transfixed trying to figure
out how the hell they were going to manage it, trussed up like that.  At first
they almost knocked themselves over.   They were so afraid of the whipping that
they didn't take time to think or try to work together.

One of them finally got wise and started talking to the other and in short order
they began to work together and set up a rhythmic rocking.   They may not have
much movement, but I was sure it would be enough to bring themselves off if they
did it right.

So we now had four dogslave demonstrations all going on at once.  I was very
turned on again, particularly by the two lads with their dicks bound together.  
Reg was still slurping at my dick and now that I found something erotic that was
really turning me on, his ministrations began to feel better.

Keith on the other hand was not having a problem at all, other than trying to
keep quiet.   But Steven was such a good cocksucker that it really is an
impossibility, particularly when you are ready to explode.

 "Oh, fuck yesssssssssssssssssss." Keith bellowed.

That almost brought the whole house down.   They laughed, they applauded, they
hooted.   Keith was too far gone to care he just kept saying:

"Yes, yes, yes."  as he emptied his nuts into Steven's hot, eager mouth.

Keith's bellow caught the attention of everyone on the stage.   All action
seemed to cease for just a moment as Keith's lustful cries of ecstasy rang out
through the room

Well, I thought, mark up a few more points for our team.

My attention went back to the two guys trying desperately to bring each other
off.  They really had a good rhythm going now and I could see that they had a
lot more movement then when they first began.  I wondered what it would feel
like to have your cock bound to another like that.   I was going to have to
pursue this point with Pat when I got back.

I gave a glance at the first room, the one with the slavedog licking the
Leatherman's feet.    He had finished licking the feet and was now licking and
sucking an enormous dick.    The leather man had pulled out his meat and one
hell of a slab of meat it was.

Nine or ten solid inches of throbbing, fuck meat.  The dogslave was licking up
one side of the thick shaft and down the other.    I watched as he took that
big, thick, purple head in his mouth and swallowed the whole fucking cock.   One
moment it was there the next down the dogslave's throat.

In the next room the dogslave had licked the whole of the guys body and was also
working on the cock.   This guy also had a nice bit of meat.   About seven
inches in length it also was quite thick.   The dogslave was pounding the fuck
out of his own throat with it.   It was quite cute the way his ass was up in the
air and his nuts shifted from side to side as his head bobbed on that cock.

In the next room, the dogslave had mounted the slave and was pounding away
merrily.   The two guys that had been necking on the couch had now stripped and
were hot and heavy into a 69.    The two guys from the chairs had also stripped
and one was on his back on the floor while the other humped away at his tunnel
of love.

All and all the action on the stage had really heated up and from the sounds of
it the action in the audience had also heated up.   There were grunts and groans
and just plain moans of pleasure emanating all around me.

Reg had finally got around to providing me with some real feeling.  Each time my
dick went down his throat he would hum a note and send some pleasure through me. 
I was finally really beginning to enjoy the suck job, but still wished it were
Steven.

The two guys with their dicks bound  were now rubbing their chests and nipples
together on the inward stroke.   They were both sweating profusely and I could
see that they were both also breathing hard.  Neither of them was far from the
big moment.  

Speaking of the big moment, I finally felt my nuts begin to rise in their warm
little sack.  My hips were now involuntarily lifting to meet Reg's downward
strokes.

"Oh..ummmmm." escaped softly from my lips.

It was now my turn to try and stop from screaming out my pleasure.   I was just
a tad more successful than Keith had been.

My wad had been building up for quite a while and I had lots.   Shot after shot
of hot male juice squirted down Reg's throat.   I had to give him credit,
although he was not very good at sucking he sure knew how to gobble back the
cum.   Not a fucking drop escaped from his mouth.

After I finished squirting, Reg gave the head of my dick a couple of quick licks
and sat up.

"Thank you Reg."  I said quietly and then told one hell of a whopper.  "That was
really fucking great."

He gave me a big smile and went back to his seat, a very happy man.   Ok, ok I
lied, he really did try and it ain't his fault if his Master hasn't had him
properly trained to suck.   Shit he sure is eager enough.

Up on the stage the action has really picked up.  The first guy, the one in the
lazy boy with the huge piece of meat is bouncing around.  His hips are jumping
up and down to meet the downward thrust of the dogslave's head.   It is obvious
he is blowing his wad.  

The face of the guy in the bedroom indicates he is only a matter of minutes away
from delivering a nice protein snack to his slavedog.

In the living room we see three pairs of guys blowing loads.   The two engaged
in the sixty-nine are unloading into each other's throats.   The one humping the
ass of his buddy shagging hard and fast and letting out little yells of
pleasure.

The dogslave is unloading into the rear end of the slave and howling.    Behind
me there are a number of Master's unloading as well.   The soft yells of, "Yes,"
fill the auditorium.

The two lads with their dicks bound are just about to let go.   All my attention
now focuses on them.   Will they cum together or separately and get whipped for
their troubles?

They are still both sweating profusely and their breathing is really raspy. 
Then I watched in amazement as they both stiffened at precisely the same moment
and began to shoot their hot loads into each others pubs.

Those members of the audience not busy shoot off, give the boys a loud cheer and
applause.   It was at that moment that the guy on the bed began to bellow out:

"Oh fuck ya, suck me dog, suck your Master's cock.   Eat my fucking cum you
cur."

Master Wallingford walked to the centre of the stage and took a bow.   We gave
him a standing ovation and the curtains began to close.    We remained standing
and applauding even after the curtain had closed.   Master Wallingford came back
out and took another bow then disappeared behind the curtain again.

The applause began to die down.   Keith put an arm on my shoulder and led me
back to the room where we had that first drink.   His staff had laid out
sandwiches and all kinds of sweet treats.   Coffee and tea were available as
well as cold drinks.   Everyone pretty much just helped themselves to whatever
they wanted.

All of the performers came to join us after changing and I suspect showering. 
This little tit-a-tat took another hour.  At which time I thanked Keith for this
most memorable evening.   His hospitality had been superb.   I expressed a wish
to some day be able to return the favor.

I then led the parade out to the limos, Keith by my side and Steven following
behind with Reg.   I gave Keith a final handshake and got into the limo,  Steven
followed right behind.   The driver closed the door, went round and got in.  He
started the car and drove off immediately, not waiting for the others this time.

Back at the hotel it was straight up to the suite.

"Well what do you think, Steven.   Did we do Charlie proud?"  I asked, kind of
floating on air, because I figured it had been a great success.

"Oh yes Harold.   I don't think Charlie himself could have done as good a job.  
That was quick thinking on your part to have Reg give that blowjob.   Keith
would have been livid if you had made him blow you.    He is the Senior Master
and it really would have been a blow to his pride."   Steven answered.

"Yes.   I saw the look in his eyes when he knew he had lost.  It struck me
instantly that to go through with it would be a very big mistake.   Then I
thought of Reg.  That, Steven was a little bit of luck."

We both had a good laugh over the incident and were still laughing when John,
Roger and Max entered the suite.   Right behind them came Walt and Ned.   Ned, I
was happy to see was smiling and just seemed to have a glow on his face.  I
think the lad was beginning to like his new life.

To my surprise and pleasure the next one to enter the suit was Rolly.   I rushed
over to greet him.

Steven got out the drink cart and was serving drinks.   I grabbed an ice cold
coke and Rolly and I found us a place by the window where we could talk.  
Steven joined us a bit later.

"Can you stay the night Rolly or do you have to leave?" I asked.

"Well I certainly can stay if you would like me too."  he replied.

"Well would you have any problems with Steven joining us, I wouldn't want to
send him to the slaves quarters."  I said.

"Not a problem in the world.  Steven is the best damned cocksucker in the whole
world."  he replied with a smile.

"Mmmm sounds like we are going to have a fun night."  I replied with what I
thought was a look of lust on my face.

Everyone was really tired and headed off to their rooms after only one drink.  I
told Steven that Rolly would be joining us for the night and he gave me a big
smile and said, "Great."

The three of us headed off down the corridor to the big room that had been set
aside for me.    Once the door was closed all three of us were out of our
clothes in a flash.

I was the first one on the bed.   In fact I was heading for the bed as I
stripped.  Just dropping my clothes onto the floor as I went.    Rolly was right
behind me and Steven behind him.   The three of us wrestled around for a bit
before settling down into a three-way suck.

Being a gentleman, I let Rolly have Steven's great lips.   I didn't mind though
because I knew that Rolly knew his way around a cock as well.   He began by
licking around my nuts which I just love.  I also like to lick around a pair of
nuts so I began licking Steven's.

Our love making was slow and gentle, savoring each others warmth, taste and
smells.   We each reached the brink of Mount Etna at the same time and drank our
fill from the molten lava spewing forth in spectacular explosion after explosion
from our passions.

Steven cuddled up to my back and I cuddled up to Rolly's.   Three good friends,
warm and secure in our new found friendship, knowing it would last a lifetime.   
We drifted off into a wonderful, dream filled sleep.

I awoke to the sun pouring in through the large windows opposite the bed.  I was
still snuggled in tight to Rolly's back, but something was missing.   I moved my
right arm behind me and felt around, Steven was not there.  

Careful not to wake Rolly, I pulled away and turned over.    It was not my
imagination, Steven was gone.   I rolled to the edge of the bed and threw my
legs over the side.   Just at that moment Steven entered the room, naked of
course, carrying a large tray.

"Good morning Harold.   Brought us some breckers.   Best wake Rolly, we only
have two hours before departure."  he said smiling.

While Steven placed the tray on a table, conveniently under the windows, I gave
Rolly a shake.

"Wakey, wakey, mate." I called out playfully as I ran a finger down his ass
crack.

He gave a start and sat bolt upright.

"Waa...aa.  oh, morning Harold, Steven."  he said in that wonderful Australian
accent.

"Steven has brought us breckers as he calls it.   We don't have a lot of time
before departure and want to spend it with you."  I said smiling.

"Why thanks, mate.   Be right there as soon as I pull on me skivvies."  he
replied.

"Fuck the skivvies, Rolly.   Steven is naked we might as well be too.   Only
going to have to strip for our showers afterwards anyway."

"Right 'o, naked it is, then."  he said, jumping out of the bed and heading to
the table.

We had a great breakfast, fruit, cheese,  sticky buns and coffee.   A wonderful
panorama of Sidney lay before us as we sat by the window, munching and chatting.

Afterwards it was supposed to be into the showers but ended up in the bed.   We
had ourselves another circle suck.  This time Steven did me, I did Rolly and
Rolly did Steven.

Afterwards it was into the shower and we washed each other down, making a hell
of a mess in the room.    There was water everywhere when we finished, but we
didn't give a damn.    It may be a long, long time before or even if we ever got
together again and we intended on making the most of it.

We were forty-five minutes from take off when we went out into the main living
room of the suite.   All the others were there, ready to go.

We left the suite and it took two elevators to get us all down.   Rolly walked
with Steven and I out to the limos, which were lined up again.   The driver's
all had the doors open waiting for us. 

Steven and I had said our goodbye to Rolly in the privacy of the bedroom.  So
just gave him a handshake and hug before we got into the car.  He stood on the
sidewalk and waved goodbye as the limo pulled away.

Our next stop was Cape Town, South Africa to pick up Master Dave.  Flying time
was estimated to be ten hours thirty minutes.  What other wonderful adventures
awaited me on the remainder of this trip, I wondered, as the plane lifted into
the blue, sunny skies of Australia.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  



A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 41

A Bondage Interlude

The plane had reached cruising altitude and I was just getting up to go for a
cold drink, when Arnold opened the office door.

"Sir, Pat is calling from England."

I rushed into Charlie's office to take the call.

"Hi Pat," I said excitedly.   "Man have I missed you."

"Hi, Harold."  Pat's wonderful voice answered.   "Missed you too, been very
lonely sleeping alone.   We have been very busy here.   Sir George was found
guilty of all the charges.   The  Council will have to sit for sure, now."

"Well I can't say that I am disappointed." I replied.  "The Sonofabitch deserves
whatever the Council throws at him." 

"Charlie is very, very happy with your behavior in Sidney, Harold.   Keith
called him this morning and was just bubbling over with enthusiastic tributes to
your behavior.  Said you were the best damned thing that had happened to the
Congress in many a year."

"Your, kidding."  I replied excited.  "I didn't do much except try to keep out
of trouble."

"Well that ain't the way Keith tells it, so you are very high in Charlie's books
right now." 

"That's great, Pat.   Maybe he won't pull anymore of his nasty surprises on me
for a while."  I said happily.

"Mmmm, Harold.  Don't count on it.   Everything Charlie does is for a reason.  
Just remember he is the Master and we all obey, no matter what."  Pat
admonished.

"Ok, ok.   I won't go counting my chickens before they are hatched, but I can
hope, can't I?"  I replied.

"Of course you can Harold, just don't make your hopes and dreams so high they
are beyond reach." Pat advised.

"Ok." I answered, but having Charlie happy couldn't hurt.

"We are still six or seven hours out of Cape Town." I explained.   "Was just
sitting down to lunch with everyone.   Wish you were here to enjoy it with us." 

"So do I but have tons of work to do." 

"We have had some fun parties so far on this trip." I explained.   "These
Master's are all really great guys, Pat.   Perhaps I am seeing all of this in a
new light?   I am going to have to thank Charlie on bended knee for sending me
on this one."

"Charlie's wish at the moment is for you to see the whole life style, to come to
understand it and be able to function completely and at ease within it."  Pat
explained. 

"He really is very pleased with your performance, Harold.  As you know he always
rewards his people for a job well done.   I expect he will have a reward for you
as well when you get back."

"Now I better get to the reason for my call.   There has been a change in plans.   
Gunther in Germany and Hans from Sweden are already here.   They flew in on
aircraft belonging to their own Congresses.   So after you pick up Dave in Cape
town you will just have Rene in Toulouse, France.   Then it will be a straight
run to London.   You should be here by midnight tonight.   How does that sound?"

"Oh that will be great, Pat.   Will you be meeting me at the airport?"  I was
overjoyed.

"Don't know yet, depends on a couple of things here.   Will have to play it by
ear.  Now my love I must get back to work." 

"Thanks for calling Pat.   I can't wait to get back, I missed you so much."  I
replied.

"Love you, Harold." Pat whispered sexily.    "Bye for now."

"Love you, Pat.   Bye." I said and the line went dead.

I sat for a moment, contemplating what Pat had just told me.  We would be back
in London tonight.   That was good news, I had enjoyed this trip but really
wanted to get back to Pat.   We have had so little time together in the last few
weeks.   Perhaps, Charlie would leave us alone for a while.   Mmmm,  Harold is a
dreamer me thinks, I thought to myself.

Buzzzzz, Buzzzzzz.  The intercom on the desk sounded and a little amber light
began to blink on and off.   I pushed the, "speak" button:

"Yes."  I asked.

"Sir," Arnold's voice came loud and clear through the device.  "Master Hank has
requested to speak with you."

"Is he in your office?"  I asked, wondering what Hank could want.

"No Sir, he is still in his room."

"Well tell him to come on up" I replied.

"Yes, Sir." Arnold answered.

I got up from the desk, entered and passed through Arnold's office and then out
to the main lounge area.    I took a seat and waited, again wondering what Hank
could possibly want.

I still found the man one hell of a turn on.   He was just gorgeous.   I didn't
think there would ever be a chance in hell that someone as good looking as Hank
would ever want anything to do with the likes of me.

A few moments later he entered from the stair way.   I got up and started
towards him.

"Thanks for seeing me Harold." he said.

"No problem, is there something I can do for you?"  I asked.

"Well, yes....perhaps." he said, heading for the windows across the front.

"Well if there is anything I can do, I certainly will do my best to help.  
Charlie has given explicit orders to ensure the Master's get what they want."  I
said as I joined him, looking at the great fluffy clouds below us.

Then I got a real jolt, his right hand started to rub my ass.   I was startled
for a moment and didn't react at all.  Then I turned and looked into his
beautiful, deep blue eyes.  What I saw there sent a thrill through my entire
being.   

"You are a very attractive man, Harold.  Ever since the moment I saw you on the
tarmac, I have had one hell of a time keeping my hands off of you." he
confessed.

"Do you find me attractive at all?"

"I.....ah....oh yes...ah you have got to be the most attractive man I have ever
met, Hank."  I stammered.

"Ah, a mutual admiration society." he laughed.

The laughter making his eyes sparkle even more than normal.

"Something like that I guess."  I answered stupidly.

I was still having trouble coming to terms with the fact he found me attractive.  
My heart was beating a mile a minute and my breathing had become very shallow.   
Hell, even Pat, the man I loved, did not affect me like this man does.

"Would you be interested in spending a little time with me in the privacy of a
room with a bed?"  he asked with a mischievous look on his face.

"Ah, yes.......very much so." I replied

"Shall we?"  he encouraged,  placing an arm around my shoulder.

We headed straight for my, (Charlie's),  large bedroom.   At least I assume that
is what we did, because the next thing I remember we were both naked and on my
bed, wrapped tightly in each other's arms and tongues halfway down each other's
throats.

Hank was a thousand times hotter naked then dressed.   His pecs, perfectly
developed with quarter sized areolas and beautiful quarter inch, hard, jutting,
nipples.  All covered with a mat of golden down, that felt so good rubbing
against me.

He had a narrow waist and a six-pack to die for.  I was surprised by the fact
his abs were completely hairless but what he was missing on his abs he made up
for on pubs.    It was very thick and also a wonderful golden color.

His dick was a healthy five inches flaccid and a very nice seven when fully
erect.   His nuts were low hangers and were the size of a medium egg.

My arms were around him as we kissed and rolled around, rubbing our bodies
together on the bed.   I could feel his beautifully developed muscles.   They
were hard and smooth to the touch.  It was so hot just touching him that I felt
like I might pop my load there and then.

I thought we would move into the 69, but Hank had other ideas.

"Have you ever had a bondage scene, Harold?" he sudden asked as he pulled his
hot tongue from my mouth.

I was so hot and bothered I really didn't understand what he was asking but
answered in the negative.

"Would you like to."  He asked again.

"I don't know, I guess so." I answered, again not really aware of what I was
saying.

"I would like to do a bondage scene with you, right now Harold.  May I?" 

"Uh....yeah I guess so." I responded.

Then before I realized what was happening he had me bound to the bed.   I
suddenly became aware that he had help,  Slim was there.   Now where the hell
Slim came from I haven't a clue.    But between the two of them they had me
bound tight to the bed and a gag in my mouth.

"There, are you comfortable, Harold?"  he asked, a small smile on his face.

I tried to answer but all that came out was gobblety-gook.

"Good, I knew you would be.   Now in this scene you are a slave Harold.   But
you have been a very bad boy and the Master is really pissed at you.   As
punishment he has decided to really get you turned on and keep you there, but
not let you cum for a couple of hours."  he explained.

Shit I thought here we go again, another fucking ass hole Master.   I don't want
to be kept like this for a couple of hours, my dick throbbing away.   But it was
looking like I would have no say in the matter, as fucking usual.

He climbed onto the bed and Slim followed suit.   Hank then began to make slow,
passionate love to Slim.   They were beside me, I could see and hear everything.  
My cock was throbbing and bouncing all over the fucking place.   I looked down
and could see a string of precum hanging in a long strand from the tip of my
pecker.

Then Hank climbed over my chest and remained on his knees.   His seven inches of
pulsing rod above my face.   Slim was on his knees behind my head, then his lips
were wrapped around Hanks beautiful organ, working it sensuously.

My cock was really bouncing now and wanted relief, but it wasn't getting any,
only more visual and audio stimulation.

They kept this up for quite a while.  I was so turned on my nuts had filled up
and now were aching for relief.   Just what I needed, a bloody case of blue
balls.

Finally, Slim's sucking produced results, Hank began to unload in Slim's rapidly
working mouth.   From my position at front row center I could see everything 
clearly.    Hanks nuts lifted in that big sack then started the contractions of
unloading.   Slim's throat muscles began the process of swallowing all that
lovely cum that should have been mine.

When Hank's nuts were empty, they switched places.   Now I had to watch as Hank
slowly brought Slim to the final moment.  But Hank made things even worse by
teasing and twisting my nipples as he sucked Slim's big dick.

I was now moaning and groaning, my body trying to twist back and forth to the
teasing of my nipples.    I want my dick sucked or fucked or rubbed, I didn't
give a shit, I just wanted to cum.   But Hank paid no attention, he just kept
right on teasing my nipples and sucking Slim's dick.

Slim finally began to unload and it was the same as when Hank let go.   I had a
front row center seat and watched all the action close up.

I figured that once Slim had emptied his nuts I would at least get a break from
the teasing.   But I figured wrong, the teasing was to get worse.   It changed
from mainly an Audio/Visual thing to a physical thing.

Hank went down and began to lick around my nuts and dick while Slim began to
lick my nipples, my chest, my chin, my cheeks, my forehead and my ears.    The
fuckers were driving me insane with their hot tongues.

Whenever Hank sensed I was close to unloading he would pull away and leave my
dick and nuts alone.   Slim however, just kept on licking me all over my upper
body.

As if on a predetermined cue Hank and Slim shifted around again.   This time
Slim got on his hands and knees with his ass above my face.    Hank shimmied in
on his knees, another big hard on poking out from his crotch.   He bent over and
began to lick around Slim's rosebud.  We were back to the Audio/Visual.

Slim's moans of delight were getting louder and louder as Hank fucked that love
hole with his hot tongue.   It was beginning to look like Hank was going to
bring Slim off just from the action of his tongue.

Before that could happen, Hank shimmied in closer and pressed his hot knob to
Slim's pussy and pushed.   Hank's whole dick disappeared in that first push and
Slim let out a howl of joy.

"Oh, yes Sir.......that is so fucking wonderful, Sir.   Fuck your useless boy,
Sir.  Fuck me silly."

I was now so desperate I was sucking on the cock gag.   I didn't give a shit
now, I just want to suck and fuck.   Nothing else in this world mattered worth a
damn.   My fucking nuts were full and wanted emptying, I would do anything now
that would bring that about.

Hanks humping of Slim's ass picked up speed.   On each inward plunge of the
wonderful organ into Slim's pussy, Slim's nuts would lift up.   It didn't take
me long to figure out that Hank was hitting Slim's prostate on the inward
strokes.   This was exciting the nerves in Slim's nuts and causing them to lift
each time.

As Hank increased his pace so too the lifting of Slim's nuts.    This made it
impossible for me to know when Slim would be ready to cum.   But I was wrong, 
suddenly the contractions in Slim's nuts changed and they lifted up and held.  
He was about to blow.

His dick though was pointed at my head, when he unloaded I was going to get the
whole load right in my fucking eyes, just what I needed.

Well my assessment of the situation wasn't wrong.   When Slim began to unload,
his hot juices headed right for my eyes, I got them closed just in time and kept
them closed as he continued to unload.

In the darkness I could here him yelling his pleasure and added to his yells
were Hanks as he began to cum deep in Slim's nether regions.

As I lay there with my eyes shut tight to keep Slim's cum from burning them, a
new thought went through my fevered mind.

Slim had just blown his load, there was just no way he was going to be able to
screw Hanks love canal.   I didn't think Hank would allow it anyway.   He was a
Master and a strong one, I just couldn't imagine him allowing a slave to enter
his back door.    Another Master, perhaps, but a slave........never.  For once,
I was right.

After Hank pulled out of Slim they both got off the bed and I heard the bathroom
door open.   A moment later Hank was back with a cloth and wiped my eyes.

"Sorry about that Harold, didn't mean for you to be blinded."  he smiled at me.

I was still breathing hard and my dick still bouncing.

"I think, perhaps you are growing tired of this game and would like some
relief." he said.

I shook my head up and down in the universal signal for, yes.

"Well Harold I really would like to help, and I know Slim would as well,
however, we both just emptied our nuts.   You will have to wait awhile until
they fill up again.   In the mean time we will let you rest while we go have a
nice cool drink."  he said, with a smirk as he got up off the bed.

I shook my head, no, but he paid no attention.   A moment later, Slim came out
to the bathroom.   Hank picked up his clothes off the floor and began to get
dressed.   Slim was a slave and remained naked.

They both then just left me, tied to the fucking bed, with a raging hard on.  
To say I was pissed would be an understatement. 

They were gone for a very long time and  I eventually fell into a light sleep.  
My dick went flaccid and all that built up lust slowly evaporated.   My nuts
though were aching.

I awoke when I heard the door to my bedroom open.   I was expecting Hank and
Slim but instead John and Max entered the room.

"Why Harold, what a pleasant surprise, this is not exactly what I had expected.  
Hank said you were all tied up and wanted to see Max and I.   Well here we are,
what would you like, Harold?" Hank asked with an evil grin on his face.

"Gubba gluba bloobba noogo luga" I mumbled through the damned gag.

"Why certainly, be happy to oblige, wouldn't we Max?"  John responded to the
nonsense slipping through the mask.

"Grrrough." (yes) Max answered.

"See Harold, we don't care how sick and depraved you are, we are your friends.  
If you get off watching a dog slave give his Master a blow job, who am I to cast
the first stone?" John said.

Oh, no! I thought, not again.   But oh yes, again.  They both got up on the bed,
I noticed right away that John had not fastened Max's ankles to his thighs this
time.   That made it much easier for Max to get onto the bed.

Instead of taking up the same positions as Hank and Slim, they got on each side
of my chest.   I still had a front row center seat, just a different view.

Max was wearing his dog mask/hood.  The dog face moulded onto the mask was much
like that of a Boston Bull, a very flat type face so that Max's mouth was even
with the mask front.   That made many things like eating and drinking much
easier then if he had been given a snout.

Max began by first licking my chest.   Then he started licking John's nuts and
dick.  It was so strange and very erotic to watch Max perform.   In no time at
all he had John moaning and groaning.

"Oh yes Max, that's a good dog, oh yes Max.  Ah.......ohhhhhhhh yes Max." 

Well needless to say, I was hot again.   My soar nuts were screaming at me and
my dick was bouncing all over the fucking place.   Oh what I wouldn't give to
have a pair of hot lips around my dong at this moment.

Max happened to lift a front paw and place it against John's chest for a moment.   
In that moment, I noticed that Max's dick was hard and throbbing.   How was Max
going to get relief, I wondered.

One thing for sure, if he tried screwing my ass pussy I would blow my wad the
first time he touched my prostate.   The other option although I really
preferred it would not necessarily mean I would get off.    But Max had a
respectable dick and I sure wouldn't mind taking that in my mouth.

Eventually John gave a scream of joy as his nuts lifted and he began to unload
into Max's wildly bobbing mouth.   Max, the true dog didn't loose a drop.  

When John finished unloading, Max continued to lick John's dick.    His tongue
just didn't want to stop.

"If I remove your gag, Harold do you promise not to yell and scream and cuss and
all that shit?"  John asked.

I wanted the gag out and would do anything reasonable to make that happen so I
gave a nod of my head.

John smiled and reached over and unfastened the gag.   It felt so good to have
that damned thing taken out.   I worked my jaw back and forth to loosen it up
and flubbed my lips.

Then before I realized what was happening Max had crawled over and his dick was
only inches from my mouth.   Well I wasn't going to let this opportunity slip by
so I tried to reach up to get at it but it was still too far away.

"Oh, Max, you really turn Harold on.   Looks like he loves to suck dog cock.  
Are you a dog cock lover, Harold?"  John asked.

"Max has a great looking cock and I have no objections to sucking on it." I
replied.

"Then go ahead, let him have it Max."  John ordered.

Max leaned forward and his cock head was touching my lips.   I opened them and
stuck out my tongue.

Sonofabitch!  I almost screamed out loud.   That bastard John had coated Max's
dick with something that tasted most foul.   It almost made my stomach turn it
tasted so bad.

But Max couldn't care less about my taste buds.   He had now forced his foul
tasting cock deep into my mouth.  I was trying to suck it but just couldn't.   I
wanted it out of my mouth, but was not in a position to accomplish that.

"Why Harold, it looks like you are trying to spit out Max's dick, now why ever
would you want to do that.   Your a dog cock lover."  John laughed.

Max now had it all the way down my throat and was fucking my face.   I gave up
trying to get his dick out of my mouth and decided I would just have to put up
with the foul taste.  

One good thing came of it though.    That dick tasted so foul it turned me right
off and my dick deflated.   John tried masturbating me to get it back up, but it
just would not cooperate.   For once my fucking cock was on my side.

"Oh Max, poor Harold seems to have become impotent, either that or he lied about
liking dog cock.   His little wiener is just laying here like a limp noodle." 
John continued to jibe me.

Max wasn't paying attention to anything but getting off.   He was furiously
fucking my face.  If he humped much harder I was going to end up with my lips
all bruised.

I finally felt Max's dick tense up and then he began to unload.   Fuck he was
shooting gallons of the his rich, hot cream into me.    The poor bugger must
have been building up since yesterday.   Thankfully his juices were very sweet
compared to the foul taste on his dick.  It was a great relief to finally be rid
of that foul taste. 

Unfortunately, as soon as Max was finished dumping his load down my throat that
foul taste returned to my mouth.

"Feel better, Max?"  John asked.

"Grrrough."  (Yes) he answered.

"Ok, let's go.   Hey Harold, thanks for looking after Max.   I know he really
appreciates it."  John said.

Max pulled away, turned, looked me in the eye and then licked me across the
lips.   I took that to mean, thanks.   Then he got down off the bed and followed
John out the door.

I was alone again, still bound but without the damned gag.   However something
almost as bad if not worse had taken it's place.   Whatever that foul shit was
that John had coated Max's dick with was now firmly entrenched in my mouth.

I tried pulling on my bonds for the umpteenth time, but still I was bound fast.   
There was not a chance in hell I would ever be able to get free without help. 
Where the hell was Steven, I wondered.    I found it hard to believe he would
allow this to continue.  

The door opened and Grant entered.   He had a large jug and a glass with him.  
The jug contained something that was red in color.   Now what, I wondered.

"Ah, Harold.   John told me about the dirty trick he pulled on you and I thought
perhaps you would like to get rid of that foul taste."  Grant said amiably.

"Yes and I would like to have these damned bonds released as well."  I said in a
tone that let it be known I was not a happy camper.

"Oh, I couldn't do that, Hank would get really pissed if I did.    Only he can
release you because it was he that bound you."  he replied as he got close to
the bed and began to pour whatever was in the jug into the glass.

He filled the glass and placed the jug on the bed side table.   He then climbed
on the bed, placed his left hand behind my head and lifted gently.

"This is tomato juice, Harold.   The mild acid in the juice will kill the foul
taste.   A couple of glasses should do it."  he said placing the glass to my
lips.

Well he wasn't screwing me around, it was tomato juice.    I filled my mouth and
held it there for a moment.   It killed the foul taste immediately, that was a
relief.

He held my head as I finished the glass, then poured another.   He held my head
again and I took sips, making sure each mouthful covered all areas of my mouth.   
I would hold it for a few moments then swallow.  By the time the second glass
was empty all that remained of the taste was the memory.

"Is that better?" he asked.

"Oh, yeah.   Thanks a million, Grant.   I really do appreciate this."  I said,
meaning every word.

"Ah, no problem." he replied almost embarrassed.

"What the hell is going on, Grant.   Doesn't everyone know I am Charlie's
official representative.   I am sure he is going to be madder than a hornet when
he finds out and he will find out because I am going to tell him."   I said.

"Well Hank like to fuck around with everyone.   He is a practical joker type.  
John has gone along with the joke but none of the others, myself included are
involved.    He was warned that there could be hell to pay when Charlie finds
out, but he just brushed it off.   Well they are taking a chance and they will
pay if Charlie gets pissed."  he explained.

"When John told us about the chemical he had used to coat Max's dick and then
forced you to suck on it, Walt got pretty up tight and had some nasty words with
him about it.   John just laughed it off, as did Hank.   Ed and I discussed it
and Ed knew that the acid in tomato juice will kill the taste so we flipped to
see which one would bring it to you." 

"Thank him for me and thank you, Grant.  I really do appreciate your concern." 
I said.

"I am going back down and see if we can convince Hank to release you.   If he
doesn't I am going to phone London and talk with Charlie."

"Ok, thanks again, Grant."  I replied.

About ten minutes after Grant left Hank came back into the room, he was alone.

"Some of the others seem to think you are pissed at me, Harold.   Now how could
you possibly be pissed at me, after all it was you that wanted to be bound."  he
said defensively.

"I did like shit.    You asked me if I had ever been in a bondage scene and I
said no.  Then you asked if I would like to and I said, I thought I would.   
That was  not asking to be bound.   That was not agreeing to a bondage scene.   
It was simply a statement of fact and an answer to your query."

"Bull shit." he yelled out.

"Well you may think it is Bull shit, but it happens to be fact.   I shall take
it up with Charlie and let him decide whom to believe.  Right now I suggest you
get these fucking bonds off of me."  I demanded.

"Oh, you think you can talk to a senior Master like that and get away with it do
you?" he snapped at me.

Before I could say anything he yelled out:

"Slim, get your ass in here boy."

The door opened and Slim entered, closing the door behind him.

"Do him."  he ordered.

"Yes, Sir."  Slim replied as he climbed up on the bed.

Slim began to work on my dick with his hot mouth.   In just a few seconds it was
standing straight up.

"Ah, you like that though, don't you, Harold?"   Hank taunted.

"Yeah, I like that."  I replied, but I had something up my sleeve that Hank did
not know about.

"Well, how about this." he said, climbing up on the bed and positioning himself
over my chest.  

His big dick standing straight up and just inches from my mouth.

The bastard, I thought, he  thinks I am unable to resist a good cock.   Oh is he
in for a surprise.

"Would you like to suck on this, Harold?" he asked.

"Yes, very much so."  I replied.

"Mmmmm, what is it worth to you, Harold?   What would you be willing to do to
get it?"  he asked with a smirk.

"Not a thing, Hank.   Not one damned thing, however, if you would like me to
pleasure you with my mouth, it will cost you."  I replied, returning his smirk.

"Me, it ain't going to cost me anything, Harold.   You seem to forget you are
the one that is in bondage, not I."  he laughed.

"Really!"  I said.

"Slim, Charlie will leave the ashes in the bin and then you will be sorry."  I
said loud enough to make sure Slim heard.

Slim heard all right, he got up off the bed and headed for the door.   He was
closing the door before Hank realized what was happening.

"What the hell!" he said.

"Oh, nothing much.   Just that none of the slaves on the plane will obey you
from this moment on." I replied, my smirk even bigger than before.

"I don't understand."  Hank answered bewildered.

I guess he had never had a slave disobey him like that before.   But then again
he had never tried to cross Charlie.   Pat had given me a secret code and I had
to memorize it.  

Charlie had suspected that one or more of the Master's might and pull something.  
If they did all I had to do was speak the code to any of the planes slaves and
they would take over. 

At this moment Slim was downstairs mustering all the slaves on the plane.    All
the Master's would be confined to their rooms and would be kept there until I
was released.

It was only a few moments later that Steven came in the door followed by six
slaves.

"Release the Master." Steven ordered.

"Not a chance." Hank replied.

"Ok Steven, take him."  I ordered.

Four of the slaves immediately surrounded and immobilized Hank.  Steven and the
other two approached the bed and released me from the bonds.   The cuffs
required a key and they found it on a chain around Hanks neck.

I got up off the bed and worked out all the kinks.   I had been bound there for
at least a couple of hours and was stiff.

"Well now." I said, once the kinks were worked out.

"The shoe seems to be on the other foot.  I wonder Hank, are you a good sport or
would you rather I have you locked up in irons and turned over to Charlie as a
prisoner?"  I asked him, looking him straight in the eye.

His beautiful blue eyes sparkled with merriment and a big smile appeared on his
face.

"I really am surprised that you had the balls to do this to me, Harold." he
said.

"Oh, I have the balls, Hank.  Two of the biggest brass balls you have ever seen,
I also have the authority.   Charlie placed me in sole command of this plane and
it's passengers.    Your actions really are a slap in the face to Charlie's
authority, however I don't believe that is what you intended.    You wanted to
see how far you could take me, well I am afraid it has backfired on you.  
Charlie gave me a secret weapon and now I have used it."  I said.

"Steven, I want him bound to the bed in the same way he had me bound."  I
ordered.

No sooner were the words out of my mouth then the slaves began to maneuver Hank
to the bed.   Hank began to protest, but I stopped him quick.

"You have a choice, Hank.   Let them proceed with my orders or I will place you
in irons and turn you over to Charlie as a prisoner when we get to London. "  I
smiled.

He thought for just a moment.

"Ok, go ahead and play your game."  he smiled.

It only took the slaves a few moments to get Hank all bound up.

"Ok, Steven that's great.   Now I want you to take the slaves down and do the
same to John.   Bind him to his own bed, but don't even give him a choice in the
matter."  I ordered.

"Yes, Sir." Steven replied as he and the others left the room.
"Have you ever been to Australia, Hank, besides this trip I mean?"  I asked
slyly.

"Yes, a couple of times." he replied.

"Mmmm, have you ever heard of PoyPoy?"  I asked.

"Ah, no...can't say that I have.   Is it some kind of cocktail?"  he replied.

"Oh, yes Hank, it is some kind of cocktail.   Actually it is a little cream that
gets rubbed on the cocktail."  I laughed.

"Huh!" he exclaimed, bewildered.

"Well I think it would be much better to surprise you then tell you about it." I
said going to a dresser and opening a drawer.

Inside was a small, four ounce bottle and a small pile of latex gloves.   I
picked up the bottle and one glove, then went over to the bed.   I took the lid
off the bottle and inside was a bright red cream with a wonderful aroma.

"Take a whiff of this, Hank.  It is PoyPoy."  I said holding the bottle up close
to his nose.

"Hey, that smells fantastic!"  he exclaimed.

"Yes, and it will make your dick and nuts smell fantastic too.   You don't mind
if I rub some on do you?" I asked in a very friendly manner.

"No, I really like that smell." he said.

I chuckled to myself, oh poor Hank are you in for a surprise.    I sure hope
this stuff works as good as the aboriginal who sold it too me said it would.  I
pulled on the latex glove and put a little of the cream on a finger tip.   The
aboriginal had said to be very cautious with it, use only a very little bit.

I only had a small drop on the tip of one finger.   I began to rub it along
Hanks now ridged cock.    The stuff spread like thin oil and it turned the skin
a bright red as it went.   I was amazed at how easily that one drop spread out,
it was all I needed to completely coat his dick, nuts and around his ass hole.  
The tip of the finger was still oily so I reached up and rubbed each nipple,
they too turned bright red.

"Oh, shit.   Harold, something is happening to my dick.   It is getting really
hot."  the look of panic began to set in.

"Oh, it is ok, Hank.   That is just the PoyPoy starting to work.   It is being
absorbed into the skin.   It will do a couple of things for you.   One it will
make your dick remain fully erect for about five days.   Two, it will shortly
begin to stimulate all your erotic zones.   You will get really turned on, but
there is one sad draw back, you won't be able to cum." I explained.  
"The same chemical the cream uses to keep your dick hard, also swells the Vans
Deferens, the tube that carries the semen from your nuts to your prostate.   
This swelling prevents the semen from passing through the tube.   I think you
are going to have blue balls for a few days, Hank."  I laughed.

"Oh and one other really wonderful side effect, your dick will remain bright red
for about two months."  now I was laughing so hard it was all I could do to get
the last out.

"The shoe, Hank is on the other foot.  Let's see how you like it."

"Now, how would you like to give me a blow job, my fucking nuts are full and
need emptying."  I asked.

"Fuck you, Harold." he said, a gleam still in his eye.

"Ok, Hank.   You can just stay there all bound up until you agree or we arrive
in London, I really don't care which."  I said with a big smile.

"Charlie has really taught you well, Harold." he complimented.   "Ok, I know
when I am defeated."

I watched as he moved his hips back and forth because of the stimulation his
crotch and anus were getting from the cream.   I wondered what it felt like, but
was afraid to try it.   I had bought the stuff as a joke and was going to give
the bottle to Pat.    I really hadn't believed the aboriginal chap that sold it
to me, thinking it was a hoax.   Now I wasn't so sure.

I climbed up on the bed and maneuvered my way up to his chest.   I placed a
pillow behind his head and he took my hard cock in his mouth and began to suck.  
I was pleasingly surprised at how good a job he did.   Hank did not give the
impression that he was a man that did much cock sucking.   He was quickly
proving me wrong.

He had me on fire, I was incapable of keeping the pleasure I was feeling locked
inside.    The screams and moans of delight bounced off the cabin walls,
inciting me even more.  My nuts were full from all the teasing I had endured
earlier and now my nuts were lifting to finally get the relief that they so
desperately needed.  

"Ahhhhhhhh iiiiieeeeeeee." I screamed out as the first shot erupted from the end
of my cock into Hanks mouth, but that was the last shot that did.

Suddenly I was up in the fucking air floating above him.   My cock was still
shooting but the cum went flying towards the walls.  I was fucking flying,  this
had to be a dream.   Hell I couldn't fly.   But then I noticed that loose
objects in the room were flying as well.

Shit what the hell was going on.   Then I knew.........the fucking plane was
falling out of the sky.   My heart skipped a beat and my cock kept shoot my cum
all over the place.   I opened my mouth to scream out my fear and a big gob of
my own cum just happened to come flying by and went straight in.
Then all of a sudden I was dropping back to the bed.    I landed at Hanks feet,
my dick still shooting it's load.   Hank was laughing his fool head off.   My
heart was beating a mile and minute and still my damned cock was shooting load.

"The look on your face is priceless, Harold."  Hank said through the tears of
laughter flowing down his cheeks.

"What the hell happened?" I gasped.

"Down draft, Harold or weak spot in the atmosphere.   Sometimes a plane will
unexpectedly hit a down draft or weak spot and it simply begins to fall back to
earth.   Not always but sometimes when this happens anyone or anything in the
aircraft that is not strapped down becomes weightless and begins to float
around.   That is why stewards and stewardesses are so picky about making sure
all luggage is secure."  he explained.

"NASA uses the effect to train the astronauts."  he continued.

"Well of all the fucking time to have a weightless episode, that was not the
time I would have chose."  I said a little miffed at the whole thing.

"Why Harold, you just made history, man.   I would be willing to bet that you
are the first man to blow his load while weightless, within the earths
atmosphere that is.   Who knows what the hell the astronauts do up in those
little capsules."  he giggled.

That observation, stopped me dead.   Wow, I got a first.   Fat lot of good it
would do me though, who the hell was I going to tell.   I could just see me
going onto the Tonight Show and telling the world how I blew my load while
weightless.   Ya sure I would.

However I did see the humor in it all and laughed a bit as I unfastened Hanks
bonds.    His dick was still standing straight up and looked so funny.   A
bright red dick bouncing up and down and dripping precum.

"Maybe I shouldn't have put that stuff on your cock." I said having some doubts.

"Why?   I had it coming Harold.   Now are you going to go and put some on John?"
he asked, that mischievous grin on his face.

"Think I should, huh?" I grinned back.

"Oh, yes.   Particularly since he put the GAT on Max's dick and made you suck
it."  he replied.

"The GAT?"  I queried.

"Gawd Awful Treat.   It is a foul tasting chemical that we put in doggie treats.  
It is used during dog slave obedience training." he explained.

"I thought it was much the same as that shit that Ed had fed me a few months
back when I was at his place."  I said.

"Yes I think John deserves something for that pulling that trick." I said
getting dressed.

Hank also got dressed and we laughed and kidded each other as we left the room
and started down towards John's room.   Hanks dick was tenting his pants and I
would see that the walking action was really turning him  on even more than he
was already.  


Steven was standing outside his door of John's room when we arrived.

"Is he bound up, Steven?"  I asked.

"Yes, Sir.   Tight as a drum, Sir."  he replied.

"Good.  Is Max in there with him?"  I asked.

"Yes Sir.   He is not looking too happy.   He really likes John."

"It will be ok.   I will release John in just a few moments."  I said.

I opened the door and entered.   I did not invite Hank or Steven in.

"Max." I called.

Max was lying on the floor beside John's bed, his head resting on his arms,
looking so forlorn.

"It's ok, Max.   You will have your Master back in just a few minutes, but I am
afraid you will have to leave the room.   John and I must have a little talk and
it must be private."  I said opening the door.

"Out you go and wait right outside the door until I am finished and then you
will have your Master back, I promise."

Max got up and left the room.   I closed the door and walked to the bed.

"Mmmmmm had fun with the GAT, did ya John?"  I asked.

"Well ya.   It was funny to watch you gaging." he replied.

"What the fuck are you doing, Harold.   Do you not realize I am a senior Master.  
All hell is going to break loose when we get to London and Charlie hears what
you have done."  he warned.

"Oh, I don't think there will be any repercussions at all."  I said in a matter
of fact tone.
"You and Hank insulted Charlie pretty badly today.   If I go back and complain
he will be pissed alright but not at me.   You and Hank will be the ones that
have to face his wrath."  I said with a grin.

"Bull shit." he replied.

"Well we shall see.   But now it is payback time.   Have you ever heard of
PoyPoy, John?"

"No.  Should I have?"

"No, I guess not."  I replied. 

"Well it is a wonderful smelling cream.   Here take a whiff."   I said opening
the jar and holding it near his nose.   He went:

"Mmmmmmm."

"I am gonna a rub just a tiny drop on ya, ok?" I asked.

"Ya, sure,  I love that smell." he answered enthusiastically.

Again, I couldn't help but smirk.   If only you knew what else this stuff does
besides smell great, I wonder if you would be so enthusiastic.

I quickly pulled on a latex glove, dipped a finger into the cream getting one
small drop.   I began to rub it onto his flaccid dick and all around his balls
and anus, just as I had done with Hank.

I waited until he began to get the warm feeling before I explained what it was.

"You bastard."  he practically yelled at me.

"Yeah, guess I am." I snickered.

"You really think this is funny?"

"Well, John, you did enjoy me almost throwing my guts up, but I didn't see you
come to my rescue.   Yes, I do think it is funny and I will smirk every time I
look at you for the next five days."  I replied.

"I ought to beat you to a pulp."  he growled.

"Nah, don't think so, John.    Charlie would not be too happy with you if you
did that.   Look John,  if you can't take it, you shouldn't dish it out.   Now
that is all there is to the matter.   As far as I am concerned we are even."  I
said as I began to unfasten his bonds.

After releasing him I stood back, a little unsure of just how he might really
react.  But I think it finally sunk in that what I had said was true.   He was
just going to have to live with it.

We shook hands and embraced.   We were friends again.     Just as I got to the
door, I turned to him and said:

"Oh, one other thing.   Your cock, balls and nipples will be bright red for the
next two months."  then I opened the door before he could scream or pounce on
me.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  



A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 42

Our stop in Cape Town, South Africa was a short one.   Not more than 20 minutes
after touch down we were back in the air.  Master Dave was not my idea of fun
guy.

As with the other's, I met him at the foot of the stairs truck.

"On behalf of Charlie, welcome aboard Dave."  I said cordially holding out my
hand.

"Cut the bull shit and let's go." he replied rudely brushing past my out
stretched hand.

I followed quickly behind as he took the stairs two at a time.  

"Which cabin?" he asked curtly of Steven.

"Number 3, Sir."  Steven replied.

Dave swept past him and headed into the plane.   I stopped at the portal and
looked at Steven quizzically.

"He has been like this since the over turning of apartheid.  He had a large
plantation with hundreds of Black workers.   He treated them all as virtual
slaves, men, women and children alike."  Steven explained.

"Mind you he provided excellent housing and good food.   It was just that he
considered them slaves and used them anyway he wished.   Trouble makers had
accidents from which recovery was not an option."

"That does not sound good, you mean he killed then?"  I asked incredulously.

"Worse, Sir.   I overheard him tell Charlie once about what they did to a young,
his words, "Buck".  I almost threw up it was so disgusting."  Steven said
looking a little pale.

"It must have been your looking awfully pale Steven."  I said concerned.

"No, I am ok.  But I remember how he told Charlie about it.   It was a though he
was explaining how he accomplished his greatest achievement."

"They hung the boy by his hands over the opening to a wood chipping machine.  
He was told he would watch the wood being chipped for eight hours and then he
would be dropped into the machine."

"The boy was gagged and he wiggled and squirmed over that opening all day as his
fellow slaves kept dumping tons of leaves, twigs and branches into the opening. 
They believed the boy was just being taught a lesson for being disobedient."

"Well at the end of the eight hours, Dave looked up at the boy and said out loud
for everyone to hear,  "Ok, time to get you down."    But the winch that held
the boy had been rigged so that the moment anyone tried to pull the boy away
from the opening the brake would release."

He paused here, tears in his eyes.

"Well one of the boys fellow workers tried to move the winch and the brake let
go.   In a wink the boy was in the machine feet first.    His legs had been
completely chewed off before they got him out.   He bled to death before anyone
could do a damned thing for him."  

I put my arm around Steven and pulled him close.

"This has been bugging you for quite some time, huh?"  I asked quietly.

"Yes, Sir.   How could anyone be that inhuman?"  he asked.

"I don't know, Steven.   But he is not the only one, believe me.   There are
lots of Dave's in this world, they get their jollies from the suffering of
others."  I replied.

"Well since the over throw of the Africaners, the blacks now have their rights
back.   He can no longer get away with it and a few blacks have brought charges
against him.  I have a feeling he will not be coming back to South Africa, I
don't think he could win his case and they may hang him if he stays."  Steven
continued.  

"Come to the upper deck as soon as we are in the air, we can have a drink
together before dinner and try to forget this shit."  I said heading into the
plane, my thoughts reeling around what Steven had just revealed.

We would be having dinner down in the big dining room.   It was scheduled to
begin in approximately an hour.  

Steven came up after take off and we sat side by side on a sofa.  We both were
sipping away on a rye and coke.   After that story I needed something a little
stronger then straight coke.

Our conversation was light, we began discussing our childhoods.  He grew up in
the small northern railway town, of North Bay.   His dad worked for the railroad
and his mom had been a school teacher.

His parents went on a vacation to South America leaving him with his Aunt and
Uncle, he was 15.   Apparently they were on a plane leaving Bogota, Columbia
heading for Quito, Ecuador when the plane was hijacked.   It flew out to sea and
was never seen again. 

According to the Columbian authorities and confirmed by the US, the plane just
suddenly disappeared from the radar scopes approximately 200 mile off shore.   A
search was undertaken but no wreckage or other debris was ever found. 

To this day he does not know for sure whether his parents were on that plane or
not.   He only knows he has never seen or heard from them since a phone call the
night before they were due to depart for Quito.   He had talked to both of them
and they were in very good spirits.

So it looked as though we had both lost our parents to violent deaths.   Mine
had been killed instantly in a head-on car crash.   I was 16 at the time.

We sat there hugging each other, mourning the loss of our parents.   I gave him
a kiss on the lips and the next thing I knew we were both locked in a passionate
embrace.

We made love slowly, tenderly, passionately.   We needed someone at that moment
and found each other.

Steven was blowing his load down my greedy throat and I was blowing down his,
when we were interrupted by, Walt.

"Don't you guys ever get enough." he laughed.

The unexpected interruption startled me and I inhaled when I should have exhaled
and ended up with a lung full of hot dick snot.    Which started me to coughing
and choking.   In any event if ruined a wonderful experience Steven and I had
just shared.   Not to mention it was embarrassing to be found like this.
The interruption didn't phase Steven at all he just kept sucking away on my
spirting dick, catching every drop of my juice.  

When I pulled away choking and coughing, Steven continued to spirt and it was
shooting  against my heaving chest.    Long river's of milky white slime,
flowing slowly down my pecs.

Walt thought the whole thing was hilarious.   He had been laughing so hard tears
were flowing down his cheeks.

"My gawd you look funny Harold." he said through his mirth.

"Oh.....yes........very......funny." I managed to get out between coughs.

"I guess ya gotta see it to really appreciate it."  he laughed.

"I came up to find out where you two were.   Everyone is in the dining room
waiting." he said.

"Oh shit is it that late?"  I exclaimed jumping up from the couch.

"Yes, diner was supposed to have started ten minutes ago.   Everyone is
starving, so I came to find out what the hell was keeping you."  he said and
started to laugh again.

"Oh great, and now your going to go and tell them all, right?"   I asked hoping
beyond all hope that he wouldn't.

"Me.........tell anyone about what you do in the privacy of the upper deck?  
Why Harold, I am hurt that you would ever think such a thing." he said in a
little boy hurt voice.

"You mean you will keep this to yourself?"  I asked.

He looked at me for a moment, a twinkle in his eye.   Then said:

"Not a chance in hell, Harold.   This is too good to hold back."  so saying he
turned and hurriedly left the upper deck.

"Shit!"  was all I could think of to say.

"Come on Steven lets get ready, gonna have to face the music I guess."

"Yes Sir, but first let me get all that beautiful love juice from your chest." 
he said as he moved in, his tongue wiggling back and forth.

"Guess I am in for some razzing during diner, Steven." I said as we headed to
the bedroom.

"Afraid so, Sir.  Ah.......unless........"

"Unless what Steven?"  I asked curious.

"Well, Sir, unless you get one up on them."  he replied.

I could see his mind was in fast gear so just waited for a minute.

"Ah-ha....got it.   We will dress you up so that you blow them all away." he
said hurrying to the wardrobe.

He rummaged around for a moment then brought out a garment bag.

"This ought to do it, Sir." he said laying it on the bed and opening it up.

He pulled out a black latex outfit from the bag.   We started by pulling on a
skin tight pair of crotch less pants.  Then a matching top with holes for my
nipples to poke through.  Next a hood which completely covered my head and neck. 
It had holes for the eyes, nostrils and my mouth.

A studded black leather collar went on next, followed by a pair of latex gloves.

A pair of special latex booties covered my bare feet followed by a pair of high
top boots.  

He fastened a thick, black leather belt with a gold buckle made in the shape of
a pair of nuts with a dick sticking out in full erection. 

The final piece of the ensemble was a clear latex thong.

"I don't know about this part Steven.   Do you really think I should?"  I asked
my old shyness coming back.

"Certainly.   Bet they will hardly say a word about what Master Walt tells them
once they see you."  he answered with a self-satisfied smile.

"Ya, but it sure seems to me to be jumping from the frying pan into the fire." 
I replied still unsure.

"Ah, come on, Sir.   Where is your sense of adventure?   You will have a grand
time and it will throw them all off."  he said.

"Ok, what the hell have I got to loose." I said decisively, although I was still
wary.

On my way down the stairs I had a great idea.   Didn't know if it would work or
not but I was going to give it a try.

Steven opened the door of the dining room for me and I walked in bold and proud.  
I marched straight to the table.   The others all stood up as I entered.

There were a few gasps of surprise when they saw me.   I didn't let that phase
me in the slightest.   I came to a full stop behind my chair and looked down the
line, looking each one of them in the eye, one at a time.

"Where the hell are your outfits?" I demanded.

My heart leaped for joy when I saw the look of dismay on all their faces.

"No meal will be served at my table until everyone is properly dressed for the
occasion.  Now get too it."  I ordered.

To my surprise they all scrambled out of the room, almost knocking each other
over in the process.    Once they were all gone and I was alone with just
Steven, I broke out into hysterical laughter.

"Was that an inspiration or not, Steven?"  I asked once my laughing had eased.

"That was really fucking inspired, Harold.   Charlie couldn't have done it
better.   You really are learning the ropes."  he said with admiration.

"Why thank you my dear, Steven.   I am surprised at how easy it is to be the
boss.   All you have to do is take charge and they all jump at your command,
amazing."  I replied.

Walt was the first one back.   He had donned a black latex outfit that consisted
of skin tight pants, a black thong, high top boots, a black vest that cinched at
the bottom but was open across his pecks.

He wore a half hood, similar to the one Larry wore all the time.   It covered
his eyes, the top of his nose, his ears and the entire top and back of his head
with a band that went around the neck.  His dark eyes sparkled with merriment
from the eye holes in the hood.

"Charlie is going to be very pleased Harold.   I couldn't have come up with a
better way to throw everyone off guard if I had thought about it for a month." 
he laughed, but it was with admiration.

"Why thank you Walt."  I replied.

"After all I am Charlie's ambassador and I must maintain a certain amount of
dignity.   I couldn't have you all laughing at my expense now could I?" I said
with dignity.

"Well you won this round, Harold, and you won it big.    They are all running
around trying to find something appropriate to wear."  he giggled.

"Except, John of course.   You can bet your boots he has something appropriate.  
He and I are both into leather in a big way and never go anywhere without at
lest two or three outfits." 

"Well they better get here soon or I will send Steven or one of the boys to get
them."  I laughed.

"Perhaps I should do it anyway, order them back to the dining room just the way
they are right now."

Walt thought that was a great idea and doubled over from the laughter.  I
thought it was funny as well so joined him.

John appeared a moment later, Max following along behind.   John had changed
into a leather outfit.  Again, tight crotch less pants, a thong, high top boots,
a black harness and leather vest.  Instead of a hood he wore a black leather
cap.  

He came right to the table and told Max to sit and stay.   Max, ever faithful
and obedient, sat quietly at John's side.

"You really are getting the hang of being the top dog, Harold."  John
complimented.

"Hell, you keep this up and it won't be long before you are the Senior
Magistrate, not Charlie."

"I don't think that will ever happen, John."  I replied,  "But thanks for the
compliment."

I had no sooner said that then the others began to trickle in one behind the
other.  It was obvious right away that most of them had not brought leather
outfits.    They had, had to borrow stuff from the slaves.  It looked so funny
to see all these important Master's wearing slave gear in order to obey my
command.

Grant had managed to get a pair of leather crotch less pants, a slave harness
made of chains and a half hood the same as Walt's.   He really looked sexy and I
felt a stirring between my legs.

Ed and Hank had only managed a black leather thong, which they wore with high
top boots.

The last in was Ron.   He surprised us all by wearing a skin tight lycra body
suit in the most startling shade of purple.  His dick and nuts were perfectly
outlined buy the outfit.

He wore a pair of complimentary purple gloves and boots.    Like me he wore a
full hood, also in purple, with openings for the eyes, nostrils and mouth.  We
all stared opened mouthed.   I had a feeling he may have out done me.

Diner was a raunchy affair with bantering back and forth across the table. 
Afterwards Walt suggested we have a small contest.  He wanted us to pair up and
see which team could bring off their partners the fastest.

Because Dave did not come to the dinner we had an odd number.   It was suggested
that Steven and I partner and I agreed.  They all quickly paired up, Grant and
Ed, John and Walt, Hank and Ron.

This contest however was not just a simple blow-job affair, oh no, that would be
much to easy for Walt.   He wanted something much more elaborate.  The suckee
had to sit on the shoulders of the sucker.   The suckee had to keep himself
balanced and not fall off, while the sucker had to suck and stay standing the
whole time.         

Once the suckee had blown his load he was to jump down.  The sucker would open
his mouth to show the cum and at that point the judge would stop, the stop
watch.   Arnold was chosen to be the judge.

Now as everyone was pretty evenly matched as to size and build it should not be
too difficult, I thought.   Shows how wrong a someone can be.

Walt and John volunteered to go first.   Walt crouched down on the floor, knees
bent, the same position one takes to lift a heavy article.    John removed his
thong and got himself onto Walt's shoulders.  He leaned forward over Walt's head
and grasped his knees.

"Ready?"  Walt asked.

"Ready!"  John answered

Walt stood straight up, the watch was started as soon as he began to rise.  He
had John's flaccid dick in his mouth and was now working on getting it hard.  I
saw right away one of the reasons John had bent over.   He had to, to avoid
banging his head on the ceiling of the cabin.

I watched fascinated as these two worked together.    John was making the little
body shifts necessary to maintain balance while Walt concentrated on the
blow-job.

The whole damned thing was so fucking erotic, my dick was up and pushing
fiercely against the clear latex thong.  I looked around and saw I wasn't the
only one.

This has got to be the most awkward way to get a blow job that I had ever seen.  
Well what I could see of it.  John's muscular thighs blocked most of the view.  
However, the top of Walt's frantically bobbing head was very visible.

John for his part was moaning away and trying to keep the two of them balanced. 
He was still bent over Walt's head, grasping his knees with his hands.  His 
lower legs passed under Walt's arms and his feet hooked into Walt's pecs.   The
big toes resting on Walt's nipples were wiggling.   Then it occurred to me:

"Hey wait a minute, these two bugger's have down this before."  I said out loud,
not even realizing I had done so.

"By the lord lifting' your right Harold!"  Hank exclaimed.

This started a buzz of conversation among the spectators.   John and Walt
however were too far into it now to stop or even care about the conversation
taking place around them.

Then all of a sudden John gave out a yell.

"Oh fuck yeah, here I cum."

Walt's head was working furiously and John was even giving a few involuntary
humps, but this brought them dangerously close to toppling.  Then John jumped
down, Walt opened his mouth and Arnold checking the mouth stopped the clock.

"Five minutes, twenty-two seconds." Arnold announced loud and clear.

"Have you guys done this before, Walt?"  Hank demanded.

"Certainly."  Walt replied with a big smile after he had swallowed John's cream.

"You don't think I would be stupid enough to suggest a contest I had never tried
do you?" 

"Of course if any of you are afraid, or not man enough, John and I would have no
problem in just saying lets just forget it.   Would we John?"  Walt asked slyly.

"No, no problem at all.   However, now that our veracity has been questioned, I
do think there should be a prize if we continue."  John stated.

"A prize?"  Hank asked,  "What kind of prize?"

"Well,"  John replied, "Something simple would do.  How about, the looser's must 
French kiss the winners love hole."

"Now wait a min......."  Hank started to protest, but was cut short by John.

"Of course if you have no faith in yourself Hank, it's ok you may back out we
will not think any less of you."  John challenged.

Hank went a little red in the face from this taunt.

"We shall see who has no faith in themselves!" Hank shot back.  "Just remember
it was you that chose the prize   when that tongue of yours it stuck where the
sun don't shine."

Everyone laughed at this exchange.   It was obvious that no one had any
intention of backing out.   Hell win or loose it looked like fun.  

It was Walt's turn to be the suckee, so as John crouched down, he climbed onto
his shoulders.   Once Walt was in place, John stood straight up and Arnold set
the watch.

Walt made it plain from the moment John stood up that he couldn't care less
about winning.   He only wanted to have fun.  He leaned forward and stuck his
arms out to the sides and started moving himself around in imitation of an
airplane.

Poor John was having a hell of a job trying to maintain his balance and at the
same time suck the cock jammed halfway down his throat.  Because of the position
it is impossible to get the cock completely out of your mouth.   You just don't
have the room.

We could hear John trying to tell Walt to cool it, but Walt paid no attention.  
He kept up his frolics.   It was so fucking funny we were all in stitches.  But
what we didn't realize was by having John do all that complaining he was getting
lots of great stimulation to his dick.

It seemed like he had just got up there when he started to yell out that he was
unloading.

"Oh yes Johnny,
Lots of fun,
Best start swallowing,
Here comes my cum."  he yelled out.

I was still doubled up with laughter as his feet hit the floor and Arnold
checked John's mouth before stopping the watch.

"Four minutes, forty-eight seconds."  Arnold called out.

John quickly swallow his mouth full of cum then turned to Walt.

"You Sonofabitch, what the fuck were you trying to do, break my fucking neck." 
he yelled out.

"Ah, quit yer belly aching, look at our time, let's see any of these peasants
beat that."  Walt smiled.

"Fucking idiot." John responded with a smile.

Next up was Grant and Ed.   They had decided that Grant would do Ed, so he
crouched down and Ed climbed awkwardly on to his shoulders.   Then the real
troubles began.

They had never tried this before and Grant had a great deal of difficulty
getting up. On his first try Ed fell off but we were all close by and he was
caught.  The second time Grant went off balance and toppled over but again they
were both caught.

On his third try Grant managed to get up,  but now the problem of maintaining
balance surfaced.  Having the heavy body of another man practically sitting on
your chest throws your balance right out of kilter.   It doesn't help when you
have a cock stuck down your throat and you can't see anything but the pubs of
the guy sitting on your chest.

Luckily Ed remembered what John had done and leaned forward so he was over
Grant's head.   He grasped his knees and tucked his legs under Grant's arms,
hooking his feet on Grant's pecs.   Once he had done this balancing became much
easier.

I said, much easier, not better.  Ed was doing a lot of weaving back and forth
trying to keep them both balanced.   I watched closely, my turn was coming and I
wanted as much knowledge as possible. 

I was soon able to pick out Ed's mistakes.    The main one being he was over
compensating each time.   If he had kept his movements short and simple he would
have had less trouble.

The other big problem, Ed was so worried about falling it detracted from the
sensations Grant was trying so hard to give to his dick.   After what seemed an
eternity, we saw Ed stiffen and then he started to unload.

This however really fucked up his trying to keep balance and he began to topple
off Grant's shoulders.   Walt and John were right there and caught him.   As he
fell his dick popped out of Grant's mouth and was still spirting.   One shot got
Grant in the left eye and next hit his chest.  It was so fucking funny we were
all in stitches again.

Arnold stopped the watch as soon as Ed's feet touched the floor.

"Fifteen minutes twelve seconds."  Arnold announced.

"Shit that has got to be the scariest fucking blow job I have ever had."  Ed
said shaking his head.

Grant was busy wiping the cum out of his eyes and off his chest.

"Well let's hope I do better partner," he said with a smile, "or we are going to
be doing some ass hole kissing."

Everyone laughed and Ed crouched down.   Grant climbed onto Ed's shoulders and
Ed stood up.   Unlike Grant he managed it on the first try.

Grant had also learned from Ed.   He knew that Ed had been making too many
sudden moves so he leaned forward, grasped his knees and tucked his legs under
Ed's arms and hooked his feet into Ed's pecs.  He kept all his moves short and
simple, only moving enough to maintain balance.

Even so it seemed to take a long time before Grant finally began to dump into
Ed.  He didn't make any sound at all, we only knew he was unloading because he
had stiffened up slightly.   He pulled his feet out, straightened his legs and
jumped down.   Arnold stopped the clock.

"Seven minutes, fifty-six seconds."  Arnold announced.

"Shit, guess we eat ass, buddy." Ed said, wrapping a big arm around Grants
shoulder.

Next up was Hank and Ron.   Hank crouched down and Ron took up the now familiar
position. 

One thing was obvious right from the beginning.   Hank was bound, bent and
determined to beat John and Walt.   He stood straight up, once Ron was in place.  
He started doing something with Ron's dick that had Ron moaning right away.

Then Hank did something else that had not been done, he started fingering Ron
love canal.    Well Ron lost it, he was fidgeting, squirming and moaning out his
pleasure.   Amazingly, Hank was so determined he didn't need Ron to keep the
balance, he managed it all on his own.

Ron was so turned on by Hank's ministrations that it was impossible for him to
do anything but hold on to his knees.

In what seemed an impossibly short time, Ron really began to scream as his whole
body stiffened.   Hank practically had his whole hand shoved up Ron's love hole
and was jamming it in and out furiously.

"Ayiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.  Yes, yes, yes.  Ahhhhhhhh  suck me Hank, oh fuck
yeah, suck me."   Ron screamed out.

Well if this had been a contest to see who could get turned on the most and have
the most dramatic climax, Ron would have won hands down.   As it was I had a
feeling they had a good chance of winning already.

When he was finished unloading, Ron dropped his legs and hit the floor.   Arnold
checked Hank's mouth and stopped the watch.

"Four minutes, forty seven seconds."  Arnold announced.

"Shit hot!" Hank exclaimed, clapping his heaving partner on the shoulders.

Ron had been so turned on we had to wait until his system returned to normal.    
He was all sweaty and breathing hard.   One of the slaves appeared with a large
stainless steel pan.   He pulled out a cloth and began to wipe Ron down.   There
was no way Hank would be able to stay on shoulders as sweaty as Ron's were.

It took a good five minutes for Ron to get back to normal.    While waiting we
all discussed the results so far.   It was hard to believe that something like
this could be so much fun.   Even more so as we were doing it at sixty thousand
feet.

When he was ready Ron crouched down and Hank climbed on board.  Hank also turned
out not to be very demonstrative.   He just kind of stiffened and we knew he was
blowing.    He then jumped down and Arnold did his check and stopped the watch.

"Five minutes, fifty-two seconds."  he announced.

Then Steven's and I were up to bat.   The time we had to beat was four,
forty-seven.  I crouched down and Steven climbed onto my shoulders.  As he
climbed on I had to open my mouth to take his erect tool.  I gave the head a few
flicks of my tongue as it entered my mouth.

This really was an awkward way to give a blow job.    Steven's bald pubs were
right in front of my eyes, and his thighs were to my left and right, cutting off
all vision to the front and sides.

I felt Steven lean forward to grasp his knees, this cut off my vision to the top
and reduced the amount of space I had to bob my head back and forth on his dick.

Steven and I were actually at an advantage to the others.    This whole
exercise, as I mentioned, was very erotic.  We had both had hard-ons from the,
get-go.   I did not think it would take much from Steven's expert mouth to bring
me off, nor I him.

Once he was in place I steeled myself and lifted straight up.   Oh, fuck was he
heavy.   Right away I could feel my center of gravity all thrown out of whack.  
I had to lean back slightly to even it up while Steven made some little moves to
keep us straight up.

The taste and texture of Steven's dick was heavenly.  I worked my tongue around
the head as best I could, trying many of the little tricks I knew to give my
partner wonderful feelings.   I felt his dick stiffen each time I did something
that he really liked.  

I could have just sucked like that forever and been a very happy man, but I knew
we had a time to beat and so set to work. 

Another trick I had learned along the way was to constrict my throat muscles
while the cock head was traveling up or down.    This increased the pressure
against the cock and gave the feeling of a real tight pussy.

I didn't take my time, but began to massage that dick as best and fast as I
could.    However the restricted head room made this really difficult.   Then I
remembered what Hank had done, and while I had no intention of sticking my whole
hand up Steven's love hole, a well placed finger sure wouldn't hurt.

The moment my index finger touch his rose bud, Steven's cock jerked in my
throat.   If I hadn't of had his dick down my throat, I would have smiled at
that.

I also heard him give out a moan of pleasure.   I wondered how much time we had
been at it, it seemed like a long time.   Oh well, I thought,  I had French
kissed ass before and it hadn't killed me.  I would probably French kiss a whole
lot more before I went to meet my maker.

Finally I felt Steven's nuts climb up to my chin.   His dick stiffened and he
called out loud:

"Oh, yeah, Harold.   Oh, yeah."

At the same moment, his hot, sweet, man juice filled my mouth.    I wanted to
swallow, but held it, savoring it as it filled up my oral cavity.   All too soon
Steven was finished and he dropped his legs and slithered to the floor.

I had to open my mouth to show Arnold the cum, but didn't want to.   I wanted
Steven's sweet juices all for myself, this reluctance, may have cost us a second
or two, a critical second or two as it turned out.

After checking my mouth Arnold announced"

"Four minutes, forty-nine seconds."

One second longer than John and Walt and two seconds longer than Hank and Ron.  
It was now up to Steven.   Could he bring me off in under four minutes and
forty-seven seconds?    I hoped so, it sure would be nice to have all these
senior Master's, French kissing my bung hole.

Steven crouched down and I now climbed into the position I had seen all the
others get into.   My dick was poking straight out after I removed the thong and
Steven had his lips wrapped around the head before I had my other leg in place.

His hot mouth sent a shiver right up my spine, oh I had been anticipating that
feeling  since we had started this little game.

Once I was on I bent over and grasped my knees as I had seen the others do and
as Steven stood up I tucked my legs under his arms and hooked my feet on his
pecs.    I could feel his left nipple under my big, right toe and gave it a
wiggle.

Steven tried to say something but all that came out was this great feeling along
the sides of my dick, which was lodged firmly in his hot mouth.

A little fishing around with my left foot and my toe soon found his right
nipple.  Balancing was not quite as difficult as I had expected.  It only took
me a couple of seconds to figure it out.  

Steven began to rub his hands up and down the back of my thighs, this, along
with his expert mouth, tongue and throat had me wired in no time.    My
breathing had become very shallow and my heart beat had picked up and was now
racing away.

I was quickly climbing the mountain and knew that I would be over the top in no
time at all.   We just may have a chance, I thought.  

Steven was taking me deep into his hot, constricting throat, in fairly quick
thrusts.    At the same time his tongue was working furiously around my shaft
and the head when it was in his mouth.  I just could not hold back my moans of
pleasure.   Fuck, did he know how to suck.

I had been right, in what seemed like only a minute or so, my nuts started to
lift, I was on the top of the mountain and ready to jump off into beautiful,
glorious, freedom.

Steven gave a sudden forceful hum and that was all that was needed to push me
off the mountain top.    My hot, throbbing dick exploded in his mouth.   He
stopped taking me down the throat to make sure he caught all my cum in his
mouth.

He just wiggled his tongue along the underside of my dick head which just felt
so fucking wonderful I continued to spirt my juices.   As soon as I stopped
squirting I dropped my legs and my feet hit the floor.   Arnold was right there
to check Steven's mouth and stop the watch.

"Four minutes, and...." he said into the silence and expectations of the room,
"fifty seconds."

Hank and Ron had won the competition with four minutes forty-seven seconds.

We all congratulated them.   After shaking hands with us all Hank got down on
his hands and knees, stuck his ass up in the air and said:

"Your up first, John.   Now make sure ya do a real good job."

Ron got down beside him and did the same thing, only he called for Walt.

Both were good sports about the whole thing and a moment later loud moans of
pleasure, were being emitted by Hank and Ron, as John and Walt French kissed
their rear ends.  

The rest of us stood to the side cheering them on.  Shit this was great fun, and
to boot I had another hard-on.

I don't know how it was decided, I can not remember any discussion, but Arnold
had set the stop watch and when it beeped the winning time, four minutes
forty-seven seconds, John and Walt changed places.

On the next beep, Grant and Ed took their places.   This went on until we all
had given them each the full four minutes and forty-seven seconds.

Mind you as we did our duty with the love hole we also played with a pair of
nuts and a hard throbbing dick.   John blew his load on the floor shortly after
Grant took over, and he blew again while I was doing him.  

The whole thing had turned into a kind of orgy, those not Frenching John or Walt
were busy with their own partner.  Steven and I had gone into a sixty-nine while
Ed had his Rod rammed up Grants back door.

After I had finished Frenching Walt's love canal, I was the last, he turned and
we both went into a sixty-nine.

I blew six loads in four hours and was tired out.    We finally broke up and
went for a rest when Steven announced we were an hour out of Toulouse, France.

Steven and I went up to my bedroom and headed for the shower.   We didn't do any
fooling around, just cleaned ourselves.   I then went to lay down, Steven said I
would be able to get a half hour before I would have to get dressed to meet
Rene.

That half hour went by at lightening speed.   It seemed like I had just closed
my eyes when Steven was waking me up.  Groggily I stood there while he pretty
much got me dressed.   I have no idea where he got his stamina from.   He had
taken part in everything that I had, but was as fresh looking as he had been
this morning.

For my first meet with Rene I had to done a leather outfit.   Tight leather
pants, harness, vest, high boots and leather cap.  Steven also pulled the
sleeper out of my ear and put in an ear ring with a small gold cross.  The
tattoos from earlier were still on so I was all set.

I went out onto the upper deck and Steven handed me a cold coke.   I sat down in
one of the easy chair to wait for the order to buckle up prior to touch down.

On the ground, I got up and went to the big front windows to watch our progress
to the hanger where we would pick up Rene.   It was dark in France, the time was
10 pm.   There were lots of lights penitrating the darkness.

Then a bit in the distance I could see the red lights lifting up and down.   The
signal man had red extensions on a flashlight which he held in each hand.   He
raised them up and down in the same  motions I had seen done with red markers in
daylight.

The plane headed straight for the signal man and when he crossed the lights
above his head the plane came to a stop.   Off to the side I could see a black
car, stopped, with its headlights on and a flashing amber light on top.   That I
knew would be Rene.

I hurried down the stairs and to the front portal.   Steven was there opening
the door.   As soon as the door was open the stair truck moved into position. 
Once the stair lights activated Steven gave me the ok and I headed down the
stairs to meet Rene.

I had just reached the bottom of the stairs when the car I had observed from the
upper deck began to move towards the aircraft.   It pulled up, just outside the
circle of safety and the driver got out and went around to open the rear door.

Master Rene turned out to be around my height and build and my impression was
that he was in his early thirties.   He was a very good looking man.   He had
dark hair and heavy sideburns that went right down to his jaw where they flared
out along the jaw line almost to the chin.

He also sported a pencil thin mustache along his upper lip.   His eyes were dark
brown and sparkled from the lights all around us.

He stood, approximately 5'9 to 6'0 and I estimated he would be between 175 and
185 lbs.  He wore a duplicate outfit to mine, which is what I had expected.  
His chest was covered in a mat of heavy, dark hair.   He also had a heavy
triangle of hair covering his abs.

He walked towards me with a confident  step and stuck out his hand as he reached
me.

"Bonjour Monsieur Rene.  Bienvenu, c'est un plaisir de vous recontrex."  I
greeted as I took his hand. 

Steven had taught me the line and I had practiced and practiced until he said it
was perfect.

"Merci beaucoup, c'est un plaisir de vous rencontrez, Harold." he replied.

I had no idea what the hell he had said but hoped it was good.

"I do hope you will enjoy the flight Rene, it is so good to have you on board." 
I broke into English, afraid he would say more in french.

His eyes lit up and a big smile creased his face.

"Ah, you do not speak French, Harold.   But you did so well with the greeting
you fooled me."  he said with a laugh.

"No, I have tried to learn, Rene but success eludes me.  Steven spent
considerable time and patience helping me to learn that much."  I replied.

"Well do not worry, Harold, I speak English perfectly, after all I was born in
Toronto."  he said.

"In Toronto!" I exclaimed in surprise.

"Yes, I came to Europe when I was eighteen, to study at the Sorbonne, in Paris.  
I fell in love with France and all of Europe, once I attained my degree I
decided to stay."  he explained.

"Do you ever go home, to visit family I mean?"  I asked.

"Oh, yes.  Every couple of months plus the two weeks between Christmas and New
Years.   I have three Engineering degrees and my own company.   I do very well
so am able to travel whenever I get the urge."  he said.

"It is only an hour and a half to London, let us go to the upper deck we would
be much more comfortable then standing here." I suggested.

"As you wish, Harold, you are the host."  he answered with a smile.

We turned and headed up the stairway and into the aircraft.   Steven was there
and gave his usual greetings, however he spoke fluent French.   I understood not
a word he spoke to Rene.

Fifteen minutes later the plane was lifting into the clear, star speckled night
sky over France, in approximately one hour and 30 minutes we would be landing in
London.

All the other Master's and their slaves joined us on the upper deck.   Steven's
helpers had lay out sandwiches, small cakes, cookies and coffee.    As well, a
small bar was opened for those that would prefer something a little stronger.

We sat around munching, drinking and chatting until the big bird touched down at
Heathrow, exactly one hour and nineteen minutes later.   

My first trip around the world was over and I was glad to be back.   The trip
had been fun and I had learned much about the Master/Slave world.   I think I
had a greater appreciation for the life style.  Having now seen it from both
ends I could understand why certain things had to be they way they were.  

But?   I wondered.   How will I feel if Charlie puts me back into the slave
role?   Will I be able to adjust?   Is it possible to be the boss one minute and
an underling the next?   Many questions that could only be answered by time and
I had plenty of that.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment and acts
described should not be attempted by anyone that does not know what the hell
they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter, as all chapters, was run through the MSWord98 spell
checker.   I have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct,
however this story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for
slang and street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker
dictionary.   As well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an
English major.   If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I
would suggest you go to your favorite book store and buy a story by a
professional writer.   You get what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 43

Back in London

I had stayed in the Leather outfit I had worn to meet Rene.   John and Walt had
also changed into their Leather outfits as well.   Ed, Grant and Hank wore
casual clothes, however all of their slaves were wearing the standard slave
outfits plus tight leather pants, a vest and a leather cap.   Max of course,
remained the way he liked to be, in his dog outfit.

We were all on the upper deck for the landing, except Dave, whom we had not seen
since he came aboard.  Considering his attitude, it didn't bother me none.   Who
needs a party pooper.

As soon as the plane touched down I got up and went around and shook the hand of
all the Master's.   I thanked them for the good times we'd had on this flight
and hoped we would meet again.

Both John and Hank were still sporting hard-ons from the PoyPoy, the outlines
were clearly visible through there pants, particularly John's tight leathers.  
However neither of them seemed to be harboring any hard feelings over the
matter.

By the time all the hand shaking was completed, the plane was coming to a halt
at the hanger.  We all headed down to the lower level, with me in the lead.

Steven had changed into his Steward's outfit as had all the other Steward's.  
He was just opening the hatch when I arrived.    The stair truck pulled in, then
Steven gave me the ok to leave.

I was just about to exit when a hand grabbed my shoulder and pulled me back:

"Out of the way, shit head."  Dave growled, as he pulled me back and headed out
the door.

"Steven." I said quickly.

"Send the other stewards after him now.  Bring the bastard back up here."  I
ordered.

Steven yelled out some orders and four big Steward's were down the stairs on the
heels of Dave.   They actually caught up with him before he reached the bottom
step.   One got on each side, grabbed an arm and twisted it up behind his back
and headed him back up the stairs, the other two staying close behind in case
they were needed.

On the ground I could see Charlie and Pat waiting for us.   Everyone was
surprised by the sudden disturbance.   But I was damned if this bastard was
going to get away with snubbing me again.

The Steward's brought him up and stopped in front of me.

"Master Dave, you have proven yourself to be an ignorant lout.   I do not
believe Master Charlie would put up with that kind of behavior from you, and as
his representative on this plane, neither shall I."  I spewed out my anger.

"You little puke face, you will pay dearly for this out rage.   I am a fucking
Senior Master and you have no right to treat me like this."  he bellowed.

"Maybe, maybe not, but I am responsible for this plane and the behavior of
everyone on it.   You committed your misdeed on this plane, in my opinion it is
my responsibility to take action and that is what I am doing."  I said calmly.

"Steven, have the Steward's take him to his room.   I want him cuffed and led
out  and turned over to Master Charlie after we are all  off the plane."  I
ordered.

"Yes, Sir."  Steven answered and gave some quick orders to his men.

Dave bellowed all the way down the corridor as he was led back to his room.  He
was probably right, I would pay dearly for this, but fuck it.  The Sonofabitch
deserves it and I am going through with it.

Walt was standing right behind me and he placed a hand on my shoulder.

"Fucking good show, Harold.   Not many would have the balls to do that to Dave.   
I think Charlie is going to be right proud of you tonight."  he whispered.

That buoyed me up and I turned and gave him a smile before I again started down
the stairs.

Charlie was right at the bottom, I could see the questioning look on his face,
but I decided I would not give it any priority.   That fucker Dave didn't
deserve it.

"Master Charlie, Sir.   It is so good to be back."  I said taking his right hand
in mine and throwing my left over his shoulder and giving him a big hug.

"Harold, it is good to have you back and the reports I have had have been great.  
You have done a spectacular job."  he said with a big smile and sparkling eyes.

It made me feel really great inside to know that I had accomplished his mission
and that he was happy with how I had done it.

We had a few more words and I told him I would explain the commotion as soon as
he had greeted the others.

I then gave Pat a big hug, I wanted to kiss him, but he indicated that would not
be a good idea here on the tarmac.  Instead I stood beside him and again shook
hands with each of the Master's as they departed for the cars.

After the last one was off, the Steward's appeared at the top of the stairs with
Dave.    They had him securely bound and gagged.   That I thought was a great
touch.   I hadn't thought of gagging the prick.

"What's going on here Harold?" Charlie asked.

"I think Sir, it would be unfair to Master Dave to say anything until he is here
in front of us.    I wouldn't want to be accused of trying to get my point
across first."  I answered calmly.

"Good point, Harold."  Charlie said proudly.

"Ok, bring him down."  I called up.

The Steward's marched him down the stairs and stood him in front of us.

"Master Dave, I have not explained anything to Master Charlie yet about your
behavior and why I found it necessary to have you placed in chains."  I said.

He tried to speak but the gag effectively kept him silent.

"The gag will not be  removed until I have given Master Charlie a full
explanation of my reasons.   If you wish to refute them you will have ample
opportunity to do so, however I must warn you that I have many witnesses, all
Senior Master's such as yourself."

"Sir, you placed a certain amount of authority in me and gave me a job to do, on
your behalf." I said turning to look Charlie straight in the eye.   

"My instructions were that I was your Ambassador.   I took those instructions
seriously.   I felt is was my duty to up hold the sanctity of your office at all
times.  Everywhere we went I was treated with great respect and I did my very
best to be your Ambassador."

"Every one of the other Master's were civil at all times, especially in public,
and I appreciated that."

"In Cape Town, I waited to greet Master Dave exactly as I had been instructed. 
However, Master Dave decided that he would do things his way.   He refused to
shake hands and almost completely ignored me other than to make a snide remark
as pushed by me.   He rushed up the stairs, was very rude to Steven and went
straight to his cabin, where he remained for the rest of the flight."

"That is ok, Steven explained that Master Dave has been experiencing some
problems and was perhaps a bit on edge.   I accepted that and just left the man
alone."

"As we were about to deplane, he rudely grabbed me on the shoulder, roughly
pulled me back and said, "Out of the way, shit head."   Now Sir, brushing past
me and refusing to shake my hand is one thing but this action was intolerable."

"There were Stewards and slaves present.   The moment he laid a hand on my
person it was as though he had done it to you, Sir.   If I had not taken
immediate action to show that Master Charlie could not be treated this way, I
would not have fulfilled my duties as your Ambassador."  I said looking him in
the eyes.

"Sir, I rest my case.  If I was wrong, then I will accept whatever punishment
you deem appropriate.  Remove Master Dave's gag." I ordered.

One of the Steward's unfastened the gag.

"You miserable fucking piece of shit." he screamed the moment the gag was
removed. 

"I want his fucking balls, Charlie."

He went on and on, ranting and raving about all the nasty things he was going to
do to me.   No one said a word, just stood there listening to a mad man rant and
rave.

Finally he ran out of steam and said:

"Well, what the fuck are you going to do about it, Charlie?"  he demanded.

"Right now, I am going to order the Steward's to put you in a car, take you to
Sir George's, and lock you in a cell."  Charlie replied, his face red.

I could see right away that he was mad as hell and one thing I had learned is
you don't want to be on the, "mad side", of Charlie.

"You can't do this, to me" Dave bellowed.

"Put the gag back in,  the Sonofabitch is going to wake the whole fucking city." 
Charlie ordered.

"Dave you can bet your boots I can do this and I can do even more.   I think you
may have bitten off more than you can chew this time."   Charlie snarled.

"Take him away."  he ordered and the Steward's took him to the car that would
have been his anyway, but he ended up being a prisoner in it instead of a
respected VIP.

"Harold, I am fucking proud of you boy.   You handled that exactly right."  he
said throwing his arms around my shoulders and giving me a big hug.

"However, I am not so sure using PoyPoy on two Senior Master's was such a good
idea."  he suddenly said sternly.

"Ah.........I.......uh." I started to jabber.

But he interrupted by breaking out in hysterical laughter.

"You really have a great set of balls, Harold.   Using PoyPoy."  and he roared
again, Pat had joined in and I couldn't help but join them as well.
We then headed for the cars, I felt really great.   I had pulled it off and
Charlie was happy.  We headed straight for Jeff's home.   He was waiting up for
us when we got there.   

We talked for just a few minutes then everyone headed for bed, it was after
midnight and we had a big day ahead of us tomorrow.

All of the other Master's and slaves had been taken to the special hotel owned
by the Congress and set aside for the exclusive use of Master's and slaves. 

Steven had gone to the hotel as well.  I had said good bye and thanked Steven
earlier.   But now I missed him.   For the last few days he had been my constant
companion and advisor.  We had been a good team.   I wished he were here with
us.

Pat and I hit the sack and surprisingly we did not make love, we just held each
other tight, kissed and fell asleep.

Pat was up and gone when I awoke.   The sun was shining through the windows, it
looked like a great day.

I climbed out of bed and hit the showers.   It felt great to have the hot water
cascading down over my head.   The shower in the plane was ok, but it was
nowhere near as good as one on the ground.

I returned to the bedroom and was startled to see Fredrick, one of Jeff's slaves
standing inside the door.   He scared the crap out of me.   I mean you gotta see
this guy to believe him.   He's about 6'4, weighing in at around 250.   He has a
long scraggy beard, long hair that has not been combed or brushed and a, "I'd
like to ram my fist down your runt throat," look in his eyes.

Now put that into Leather and what you get is the boss of the Hell's Angel's.  
Although Fredrick was a slave, there was not a chance in the world I would ever
want to meet him in  a dark alley.

"Breakfast is ready and everyone is awaiting you, Sir."  he said politely.

"Oh, thanks Fredrick." I will be right there.

"Ah, Fredrick, may I ask you a question?"  I asked politely.

"Certainly, Sir."  he replied.

"Would it be ok to call you Fred, Fredrick seems so high falutin'?  " I asked.

"Why yes, Sir.  I have no problem with Fred, in fact I do prefer it."  he
smiled.

"Great,"  I said walking over with my hand held out,  "just call me Harold.   I
hate, Sir."   I said.

"I got that impression, Harold, however in the Master's presence I must show
respect, so it will have to be, Sir, I am afraid."   he said.

"Ok, understand.   Well I guess I better get dressed before they all get pissed
at me."  I laughed.

"Would be a good idea, Harold."  he said with a smile as he left, closing the
door silently behind him.

Who would have believed anyone that looked like he does, could be so friendly, 
I thought.

I wasn't sure what would be needed for today as far as clothes.   I went and
looked in the wardrobe and found lots of really nice casual's so grabbed a pair
of tan slack, a white polo, white socks and brown loafers.   I quickly donned
the whole mess and headed down stairs.

Pat, Charlie and Jeff  were there as I had expected, however so were Walt and
John.   I walked in and said:

"Good morning all."

They all responded in kind.   I went over to where Jeff was seated, bent over
and gave him a hug and a kiss.    His eyes sparkled with glee.    I felt great
because I had made the old man feel good.

"Good morning Jeff, I had a wonderful sleep.   It is so nice to be back on the
ground and to have such a great place to spend my first night."  I said.

"Thank you, Harold.   I am so happy to have you here.   Come sit beside me for
breakfast."  he invited pointing to an empty chair on his right.

Fred and Gene, Jeff's other slave, very efficiently began to serve breakfast.  
The talk was about Dave and how badly he had behaved.   Walt wanted him cited
and would bring the charges himself, John would second them.

Charlie had other ideas and asked them to be patient.    If what he wanted did
not materialize by noon, he would let them go ahead.   But he refused to say
what it was he was waiting for.

In the meantime another Senior Magistrate,  Hect from Holland would be landing
at Heathrow in about an hour.    He would be brought directly here and would
take Dave's place on the Council.  

The Council would meet at seven o'clock this evening to begin hearing the
petition to have Sir George removed as a Master.

I just sat quietly and eagerly devoured everything Fred placed before me.   It
was delicious.   

I was busy cramming my mouth full of slices of fried tomato when Charlie asked
me a question.    I had not been paying that close attention so did not catch it
all.   I also had a mouth full of tomato and was unable to respond right away.

All conversation stopped, as they watched me try to get my mouth emptied.   Do
you know what it is like to  have five pairs of eyes suddenly watch you
masticate your breakfast?   Well, I chewed as fast as I could, but I had been
playing pig and my mouth was really full.

I felt like a complete fool as I tried to chew quickly and get my mouth emptied.  
They didn't help, not one of them.   They continued to stare, waiting.  I could
feel my face warm up as I blushed with embarrassment.   I finally managed to
swallow, but most of it went down unchewed and that caused more problems as it
backed up in the throat.

I took a drink from my coffee cup to try and clear the back log, that only made
things worse.   That mouthful of food hurt all the way as it slowly slid down to
my stomach.

"Sorry Sir." I finally managed.   "I didn't quite get the question."

"You really don't have to cram like that Harold, I am sure Jeff will not
suddenly pull your plate away."   Charlie said with a smirk.

"Ah, yes Sir."  I replied getting even redder, if that was possible.

"I asked if you wouldn't mind entertaining Jeff this morning?"  Charlie
continued.

"Of course Sir, be happy to."  I answered quickly.

"Good.  I knew I could count on you.   By the way did you know that Twinkie is
here?"  he asked.

"The kid.   You brought the kid over Sir?"  I asked dumbfounded.
"Certainly.   Larry and Pete are here as well.   Up Twink." 

A pair of black leather ears appeared on the other side of the table, then a
leather clad dog face, much like Max's but different.

"Go say hello to Harold, Twink.   It has been a while since he last saw you." 
Charlie commanded.

I watched speechless as Twink made his way around the table to me.  He came up
and placed his head on my lap and looked up at me with those big brown eyes of
his.   

Charlie had traded Twinkie's old furry  dog suit for the black leather variety. 
Twink sure looked as sleek as Max, but he did not look like Twink at all.

I placed a hand on his head and rubbed.  Actually I felt like a bit of a fool,
this wasn't a dog, it was a young man.   But there was one thing I had learned
and that was go with the flow.    The rewards were worth it.

"How have you been, Twink?"  I asked.

"Rrrough." he replied.

"Are you enjoying your trip to England?"  I know it was a stupid question, but
what the hell else do you ask a guy dressed as a fucking dog?

"Rrrrough."  (yes) he replied.

"Good boy." I responded.
"The two of you can entertain Jeff,  Pat and I will be back for lunch.   We will
see you then."  Charlie said, but I knew it was an order.

"Yes Sir."  I replied.

"Go with Fredrick, he will take you to Pete and Larry, they will help you
change."  he ordered.

"Change, Sir?" I asked confused.

"Certainly, Jeff is really excited about seeing Dinkie doggie do his stuff." 
Charlie smiled.

"Yes Sir."  I replied dejectedly.

I fucking knew it.   One moment I am the King of the fucking castle and the next
I'm the Kings pet.   Well there is no use crying about it, it is my life.

Fred was standing politely behind me when he said:

"This way Sir."

I said good bye to everyone and got up.   Fred headed towards a side door and I
followed along close behind.  As soon as the door to the dining room closed I
said quietly to Fred:

"That fucking man is going to drive me crazy."

"Why is that, Harold?" he asked.

"Well one minute he has me up on a pedestal, makes me his Ambassador no less,
with unlimited powers.   The next he turns me into a damned dog and expects me
to perform tricks for anyone that cares to watch."   I complained.

"But Harold you must admit, it makes for an exciting life.    Never a dull
moment." he said looking me in the eye.

"Yeah, I guess your right.    Just have to learn to take it all as it comes."  I
answered.

We went down a short hallway and Fred opened a door.   The room was rather large
and full of light.    It looked like some kind of exercise room.   A large table
similar to the one in the cell room back home was sitting smack dab in the
middle of the room.

"If you would remove your clothes, Harold, and then climb up on the table I will
help you to get you ready."  Fred said.

"Ok." I replied as I started to unbutton my shirt.

"How long have you worked for Jeff, Fred?"  I asked.

"Just over twenty-two years.   I was 18 when I signed on for slave training." 
he replied as he opened a large box that looked familiar.

"You signed on?   You mean you volunteered for slavery?"  I asked.

"Oh yes.   I had heard about the Master's Congress, it was just really starting
to get going then.    I was heavy into leather and word at the leather clubs was
that a submissive could have a very good life within the congress.   

"Master Jeff came into the leather bar I frequented one day.   He was in his
fifties back then and still a big strong man.    The moment he walked in I knew
he was a Master.   I was scared shitless, but I approached him and asked if he
wanted a slave."  Fred stopped what he was doing for a moment and stared off
into space.

I suspected he was reliving that moment, so long ago.

Master Jeff ordered:

"Down on the floor, boy.  Now."
"I dropped to the floor and lay flat on my stomach.   Master Jeff climbed up on
my back and just stood there.   He ordered a beer and drank it standing on my
back.  When he finished his beer he got off my back and said come with me boy.  
I have been with him ever since." Fred explained and I could see love in his
eyes.

"You love him don't you?"  I asked quietly.

"Oh yes.   He is my world, Harold.   I would do anything for him, anything at
all."

By this time I had stripped down naked and climbed up on the table.

"I didn't have a choice, Fred.  Charlie kidnaped me.   The first couple of weeks
were pure hell for me."  I said, remembering the hell I had gone through.

"I don't know if I love Charlie, but I certainly depend on him to keep me safe. 
But I do love Pat, more than anything in the world.   I think it is only my love
for Pat that makes it even possible for me to live this life."   I said.

"Well it ain't none of my business, but I can tell you this, Charlie sure as
hell loves you."

"What!"  I asked in amazement.

"Charlie loves you.   You can see it in his eyes every time he looks at you. 
Now he may not love you as a lover, but he does love you deeply."  he stated.

I was flabbergasted.   Charlie loves me?   No, that is not possible.   Oh, he
may care a bit about me, but love me?   No way, no way at all.

I lay on my back in preparation for the outfit.   Fred pulled out the leggings
first.  I noticed right away that I was going to be placed into the original
Dinky doggie outfit.   That made me happy, I thought perhaps the leather outfit
might be a tad warm.

Fred very efficiently bound my ankles to my thighs the leggings were then pulled
on.  Next were the pieces for the arms with the molded plastic piece for the
hands.

I then had to turn over and get up on all fours.

"Would you prefer I lubricate the tail piece before inserting it, Harold, or do
you normally take it dry."  he asked.

"Just a little lube, please, Fred." I replied.

"I thought Pete and Larry were going to be here."  I asked.

"They will be shortly.  They must be held up by Gene.   He is most likely still
stuffing their faces.   He really is a big mother hen."  he laughed.

He inserted the tail piece and now all that was left was the head piece.  I was
hoping that it would be the one with just the nose.   I really hated the eye
piece.

"Well Harold, are you ready to become Dinky?" he asked.

"Yes, as ready as I will ever be I guess."

"Ok, remember, once the head piece is applied you are Dinky doggie, Harold will
not exist."  he cautioned.

"Yes, that is something I will never forget."  I replied.

With that he brought the head piece up and put it on me.   I gave a little
prayer of thanks, it was the nose and not the eyes.

"Good boy."  Fred said, rubbing my head.
"Now you just lie here like a good dog while I go get some help to get you down
off the table."

He turned and left the room.  I decided to stay on all fours, laying down was
just too much trouble and not really worth the effort.

I began to think again about my situation.  I had a feeling Charlie would place
me back in a subservient role, but had not expected it to be Dinky doggie.   I
had hoped those days were long gone,  just shows how wrong one can be.

A few moments later the door burst open and Pete and Larry burst in.

"Dinky, how good to see you again, boy."  Pete called out enthusiastically.
I looked at him and wiggled my rump to make the tail wag, just to show them I
had not forgotten how.

"Glad to see us too eh, boy.   Hell we really missed you, didn't we Larry."

"Damned right.    The old place has been quiet as a tomb since you left.  Gonna
be real nice to have you back home."  Larry replied as he came over and rubbed
my head.

"Well it is time to show Jeff what a real Canadian dog looks like."  Pete said
as he and Larry each took hold and lifted me up then placed me down on the
floor.

It had been so long since I had been in  Dinky  mode that I found it awkward to
stand on my knees like this.   I tried taking a few tentative steps just to get
used to it again.   I walked around the room a few times and soon had the knack
of it.

"Ok, are you ready, Dink?"  Pete asked.

"Rrrrough."  (yes) I replied.

Larry opened the door and Pete lead the way back to Jeff.  

Jeff had moved from the dining room to a glassed in sun room.   The sun was
still at the side of the building so the room was not blinding.   But it was
well lit and very cozy looking.

Twink was sitting beside Jeff's chair.   Jeff's hand resting on his head,
scratching aimlessly.  Oh, shit, I thought, I hope he doesn't do that to me I
can not stand it.

"Good morning, Sir."  Pete said brightly.

"I would like you to meet another of Charlie's pets.    This is Dinky doggie."

"Go say hello to Master Jeff, Dink.   That's a good boy."  Pete commanded.

I made my way to Jeff.   His eyes were sparkling even brighter than before.   
He seemed like a very, very happy, contented man at this moment.

"Come Dinky."  he called to me as I made my way to him.

I thought what the hell, I might as well make the man's day.   He was really
getting on in years and was so frail.   Hell, if my acting like a dog would make
his day then so be it.  I wiggled my rump which caused the tail to wag.   I
could feel it shifting back and forth.  

Actually the wagging of the tail was a hell of a good feeling.   The dildo
portion was rubbing against my prostate and it felt heavenly.  

When I got to him I raised up on my hind legs, placed my front paws on the arm
of he chair, leaned forward and began to lick his face.

Well you would have thought I had given him a million bucks.    His eyes misted
up, his arms went around my shoulders and he pulled me close.

"Oh, what a treasure Charlie has found in you."  he said.

He then brought his mouth to mine and gave me a kiss.

"Dinky is very good with sausage, Sir."  Pete said,  "In fact word is out that
he is one of the best when it comes to sausage.    I think Dink would love a
good English one."

"Do you really think so?"  Jeff asked.

"Do you think he would care if it is old and tough?"  he asked.

"Sir, Dinky loves sausage, old, new, tender, tough, it is all the same to him. 
Just ask him?"  Pete replied.

"Do you like sausage, Dinky?" he asked.

It had taken me a minute to figure out what the hell Pete was talking about, but
by the time Jeff got around to asking, it had dawned on me what the fuck was
going on.

"Rrrrough."  (yes) I barked and then slurped my tongue across my lips to
emphasize my eagerness.

Well why not, I do love sausage and I don't care how fucking old it is.   If it
can get hard then I want it.

"Fredrick." the old man called out.

"Yes Sir, right here Sir."  Fred answered.

I was surprised because I had not heard him enter the room.   He was standing
almost right behind me.

"Get me ready, Fredrick.   Dinky wants to try a good old English sausage."  he
said almost with glee.

Fred moved in and unfastened the old mans belt and the waist button of his
trousers.   He pulled down the fly and then gently pulled the pants down.   He
got the trousers off, then with the same gentle movements quickly removed the
old man's underwear.

The moment the waist band of the underwear pulled past the old mans crotch a
beautiful dick stood straight up.

Jeff's cock was uncut and stood a good 7 inches fully erect.  The skin on his
abs and around his legs was wrinkled and leathery looking, but his cock looked
like it had just came out of the package.

I didn't wait for an invitation, this prize piece of meat was mine for the
taking.   As I began to lick I wondered how many hundreds or thousands of times
Jeff had had some one do this for him.   How would my performance compare to all
those others?    I sure hoped I at least compared.

Jeff's crotch area smelled fresh and clean, I don't know why, perhaps it was his
age, but I had expected it to smell rather strong.   I guess the young, even me,
have some peculiar biases.

The texture of Jeff's seventy something year old cock was just as soft and
velvety as any other I had ever run my tongue along.   The shaft was strong and
pulsed strong, it was very hard to believe that this magnificent piece of man
meat belonged to a frail old man that could barely move on his own.

I would love to have entwined my fingers around his nuts, but the paws prevented
it.   I was going to have to make him feel good with just my tongue.

I worked my way slowly down the shaft, kissing and flicking my tongue along,
looking for all the little secret places that would make his dick give a sudden
jolt of delight.

When I got to the root I took a deep inward draw of breath through my nose,
trying to get the smell of him into my very being.   To make him one with me.

I then made my way to his hefty orbs.   They were quite large, the only pair of
nuts that I had ever seen that were comparable were Pete's.   These were just
about the same size, I would say comparable to a medium chicken egg.

I sucked one in and played it around with my lips and tongue.   Jeff let out a
little moan of pleasure.  I looked up, his head was back on the pillow, his eyes
closed and a look of rapture covered his face.   That made me feel good, he was
enjoying this.

I then moved to his other nut and gave it the same treatment, another low moan
of pleasure escaped his lips.   After working that nut for a while I gently spit
it out and then buried my mouth behind his nuts and began to lick that soft,
sensitive region behind the nuts but in front of the anus.

I got more than a moan this time, which spurred me on.

Jeff was breathing a little faster now and his dick was pulsing rapidly, an
indication that his heart had increased it's beat significantly.  I thought
perhaps I had better get to eating my English sausage before I gave the owner a
heart attack.

As I returned to the big purple head a silver drop of precum appeared at the
slit, a little welcome present I thought to myself, and licked it off.

I then gave the head a thorough licking with my hot tongue before plunging it
deep into my throat.   The plunge was sudden and unexpected.    I like to do
that to a guy, their reaction to their cock suddenly sliding all the way down my
throat is great.

Jeff was no different.   As my lips hit his pubs he gave out a yell of delight.  
I squeezed my throat muscles tight and withdrew.   Then set up a steady in/out
rhythm as I fucked my face on his hot piece.

Jeff was moaning in pleasure, his head still thrown back and his eyes closed. 
Is he remembering some great lover from decades back, I wondered.    Perhaps he
has just gone to sleep and his moans are actually snores.
Well it really doesn't matter,  this dog is going to make sure the old man blows
his load and I am going to catch every last drop.

Now Jeff may have been and old man and not a great physical specimen any longer,
but a cock is a cock.    Working Jeff's big bonner was having an effect on me.   
My own dick was up and throbbing.    Well it was just going to have to wait
until Pat and I found some time together tonight.

Jeff was climbing the mountain and was very, very close to the top.  His hips
gave involuntarily spasms, in time to the thrusts of my head and mouth on his
engorged love stick.  Any moment he was going to reach the top and fall over.

I was now vibrating my throat by trying to make little growl sounds.    These
vibrations were really doing a number on the old man.   With each one the old
man would moan out:

"Yes Dinky." or  "Go Dinky."

It was time to bring the old man home.   I picked up the rhythm, working my head
faster, his involuntary hip movement increased to the new beat.  He was moving
his head from side to side now and his hands were on my head.   I knew that the
temptation to pull on my head, to hold it on his cock was strong, but he
resisted. 

I picked up the rhythm again and then felt his body stiffen.   A flood of hot,
sweet man juice filled my mouth.
"Good doggie, oh yesssssssss.  Suck my cock, dog.   Yessssssss, eat it
all........  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yesssssssss yessssssss yessssssssssss"  he
screamed out.

Shot after shot of his hot cream filled my oral cavity and I swallowed greedily,
wanting it all.    At the same time I was trying to maintain a steady in and out
thrusting of my head on his still hotly, pulsing joy stick.

All the while, Jeff continued to call out his pleasure.

"Yes, yes, yes, oh yes, yessssssssssssssss" his final yes started loud and ended
with just a soft "es" sound, as he lay back exhausted. 

His heart was still beating madly as I continued of enjoy the wonderful feeling
of that big piece of man meat in my mouth.   It wasn't for long though, it soon
started to deflate and I reluctantly pulled off, but continued to lick the top.

As I continued to amuse myself, I listen to Jeff's heart beat and breathing
begin to slowly return to normal.   I really had been worried that with his
heart beating so wildly it would pull itself apart in his old chest.   But he
seemed to have come through with no ill effects what-so-ever.

After he had cum, his hands had dropped away from my head.   But I felt them
back now that his breathing was almost normal.

"You are one hell of a dog, Dinky."  he finally managed.

"No wonder Charlie is so proud of you."

I lifted my head away from the now fully  flaccid dick of the old man.   I
looked into his eyes and smiled.   He smiled back and his eyes were alive and
sparkling.   He didn't have to say anything, just the look in his eyes was all
the reward I needed.

I awkwardly sidled along the bed until my face was close to his.   I bent over
and ran my tongue lightly across his lips.   His lips parted and his own tongue 
flicked out and brushed against mine.   The feel of his tongue against mine was
like a branding iron.   But a branding iron of pure pleasure.

"I think we should all adjourn to the day room.   Master Jeff needs to have a
little rest now."  Fredrick said politely.

I gave Jeff another gentle lick across the lips, looked him in the eye and
smiled.

"Thank you, Dinky." he whispered.

I got down and followed them out of the room.   Twink came up beside me and we
crawled along together.  Larry held the door for us.

In the day room, Pete removed my head piece and Larry pulled out the tail.

"How are you feeling Harold?"  Pete asked.

"Great thanks Pete.   I have to say it really felt good to do that for him."  I
said.

"Do you have any idea, Harold, how long it has been since Master Jeff has been
able to cum like that?"  Fred asked.

"I would have thought quite regularly." I replied as I rolled over on my back so
the leggings and paws could be removed.

"Oh, Gene and I do our best to get him off at least once a week.   No, I mean a
really good emptying of the old nut sack."  Fred replied.

"I have no idea, Fred.   But surely you guys must do your best for him." 

"We do our best but Jeff is getting weaker and weaker every week it seems.   He
just doesn't have much interest in it any more.   His doctor told us to keep at
it anyway.   It was healthy and important for him to continue to empty his nuts
as often as he could manage."

"Well if I was able to do something to revive his interests then that makes me
feel really good inside."  I replied.

"Well I don't know if his interests are revived, but you sure as hell gave him
one hell of a ride.   One I am sure he will not forget for quite sometime."

Pete and Larry had finally got the Dinky outfit off of me and I sat up.   My
dick was still semi hard and was dripping precum.

"Hand me a tissue please, Pete.   I am oozing  all over the place." 

Pete handed me a tissue and I wiped around my dick.   As usual the fucking
tissues are so delicate the damned thing stuck and pieces broke off.   I now had
pieces of white nose tissues stuck to my dick and it looked fucking stupid, not
to mention embarrassing.

"Shit.   Is there a toilet close by where I can clean myself properly?"  I
asked.

"Certainly, Harold follow me and I will show you."  Fred replied.

Upon my return to the day room Pete indicated my clothes which were laying
across one of the chairs.

"You can get dressed if you like, Harold.  I don't think you will be doing the
Dinky thing again this morning."  Pete said.

Gratefully and quickly I got myself back into my clothes.   While I had been in
the toilet Fred had gone and brought us all morning tea.

We sat around talking, drinking tea and munching all sorts of wonderful cakes
and biscuits.

Pat placed a few cakes and a small bowl of tea down on the floor for Twink.   He
was still in doggie mode.

"What's with Twink?   Aren't you going to get him out of the outfit?"  I asked.

"Oh, no Harold.   Twink stays in doggie mode for five hours everyday, no
exceptions.   He never complains about it, in fact I think he prefers doggie
mode to anything else."  Larry answered.

"Really.  Most interesting.   Has anyone ever asked him?" I asked.

Larry and Pete looked at each other with a quizzical look on their faces.   A
look that said it all.

"That's what I thought.   Twink."  I called out loud enough that he would know I
wanted him to pay attention.

"Answer me truthfully, do you like being Twinky doggie?"

His head came up and he looked me in the eye.
"Rrrrough, rrrrough."  (no) he said.

"Thanks for being honest Twink."

"Now you know the truth.  You can not assume that because someone obeys you
without question that they are enjoying what you are doing to them.   You both
have been with him long enough that you should have started to have some
feelings for him.  I really am surprised guys."   I admonished.

They both went red faced with embarrassment.   But quite frankly I think they
deserved to be embarrassed.   They had done a hell of a lot worse to Twink by
taking him for granted.

"How long before he is due to come out of doggie mode?" I asked.
"About 2 and a half hours." Pete replied.

"Well tell you what, why don't you both get him out now.   Kind of a reward for 
having taken him for granted."  I suggested.

They both looked at me with horrified looks on their faces.

"We couldn't do that, Harold.   Charlie has give explicit orders that Twink be
in doggie mode for five hours each day."  Pete replied.

"Yes but have either of you told Charlie that Twink dislikes doggie mode?   That
he deserves a break now and again?"  I did my best to make them feel like ass
holes, because right now that was how I was feeling about them.
"Ah......well...ah..no I guess we didn't."  Pete replied ashamedly.

"Right, so get him out of the fucking suit and stop acting like a pair of
wimps."  I shot back.

Well that was all they needed to get their ass's in gear and they began to
remove Twink's outfit.   Now removing the leather outfit was not as simple as
the Dinky dog outfit.   The leather one had all kinds of little straps and
buttons that had to be opened.  It took them a good five minutes or more to get
it off.

Twink stood up and shook it out. 

"Thank you, Sir." he said gratefully to me.

"Call me Harold, Twink........and by the way what the hell is your real name?" 
I asked.

"Carl." he replied timidly.

"Did you guys know that?"  I asked, looking at Pete and Larry.

Both hung their heads in shame.

"Why don't one of you go get Carl something to wear." I said it as a request but
they both knew it was an order.

Larry got up and hurried out of the room.  I giggled inside.  Well they both had
treated me pretty badly at various times during my early training, it was nice
to be able to get back at them.

"Come and sit yourself down, Carl.   We are all slaves here and you are among
equals."   I said.

He smiled as he came over and sat down in the chair next to mine.    But he was
sitting ridged.    I guess he had become so used to only doing what he was told
he was finding it difficult to make his own decisions.

"Relax, Carl." I said,  "there are all kinds of goodies here and tea and milk,
just help yourself to whatever you want." 

He smiled again and relaxed a bit more.

"Thank you, Harold."  he said as he leaned forward and filled a cup with tea.

By the time Larry got back with his clothes Carl had relaxed and was munching
away on goodies from the sweet tray.

Pete was looking a little worried as he watched the boy eat.   I had a feeling
he had never disobeyed  Charlie before.   Well it really was time he started,
but I figured I better try to make him feel better.

"I suppose Charlie will be madder then hell for us doing this, but don't worry
Pete, I will accept full responsibility.   What the hell can he do to me that he
hasn't already done?"  I said lightly.

In the back of my mind I knew that Charlie was going to be really pissed at me
for countermanding one of his orders.  But I could not just let them continue to
abuse Twink.   If getting Twink a fair deal meant I had to take a punishment,
well so be it.

"Oh, it's ok, Harold.   I am going to stand with you."  Pete replied.   "I know
he is going to be pissed.   Larry and I should have thought about Twink, but he
has always been so co-operative that we just assumed he was enjoying the role. 
You are right though, Charlie is going to be madder than a wet hornet."

"So!"  Larry exclaimed.   "What else is new.  Hell we've been in shit before
Pete, for worse things then giving Twink a break.   Quite frankly I don't think
Charlie is going to be pissed at all.   Once we explain why, I think he will
agree."  Larry said confidently.

"I hope your right."  I laughed,  "I really don't relish the thought of you
hanging me by my balls and Pete using my back for whipping practice."

"Ah, but Harold, you would look so sexy hanging by your nuts."  Larry  quipped.

"Yeah, and I can always use whipping practice.   Can't think of anyone I would
rather practice with, either."  Pete laughed.

"With friends like you two, who needs enemies." I retorted.

We all had a good laugh over that, all that is except Twink.   He was still busy
stuffing his face with the sweets from the sweet tray.    He just couldn't get
it into his mouth fast enough.
"Have you bugger's been starving the boy as well?" I asked.

There was a moments silence, while Pete and Larry both looked at each other with
a guilty look.

"Oh, oh.   What the fuck have you guys been feeding him?"  I was serious now.

"Well he as been on a steady diet of dog food and dog biscuits." Pete admitted
ashamedly.

"You have got to be kidding.  Does Charlie know?"  I demanded.

"Well not really sure." Pete answered.  "He has never asked, nor given any
specific orders.  Since that first week."

"Carl!" I said.

He stopped, just as he was about to shove another piece of cake into his mouth,
and looked at me.

"No more.   You are going to make yourself sick.   I am going to make sure you
get fed properly from now on, so you don't have to stuff.   You will be off the
dog food and back on human food right away."   I promised and hoped I could keep
it.

"Be careful, Harold.   You can not promise him that.   Charlie might not agree." 
Larry warned.

"Wanna bet.   He either puts Carl back on regular food and stops this Twinky
doggie shit for a bit, or he will have to put up with another rebellion, mine." 
I said, and meant every word.

"You aren't kidding are you?"  Pete asked.

"Your damned right I am not fooling.  You can fuck around with someone for a
while and have your bit of fun, that's ok.  However there comes a point when it
ceases to be a game.   If Carl had agreed to all of this, then by all means go
ahead and continue to play the game, but he didn't.  He is not a dog, nor a
dogslave.  He is a young man and he wants to be a young man."  I lectured.

"I am really disappointed in you two for not doing something about this sooner.  
You both were made responsible for his well being and you have neglected that. 
I am also disappointed that Pat didn't pick up on it."  I said hotly.

Pete and Larry were both sitting there with red faces.   Shame just poured from
them.    They realized that what I was saying was true, they had not done their
duty to Carl.   The fact that they were feeling ashamed gave me a new respect
for the two of them.   They were both finally starting to show their human
sides.

"Look guys, its ok.  We all make mistakes in our lives and there is nothing
wrong with that.   As long as you are ready to admit, rectify and learn from
them,  they have not been a complete loss.  Carl has not been seriously damaged
by this, but he could have been.   That is the lesson."
"Carl, Larry has brought you some clothes get yourself into them." I ordered.

Carl started to put the piece of cake, that he held, back on the plate.  I saw
the disappointed look on his face and just had to give in.

"Oh, go ahead and eat that one, but no more for a while."  I smiled.

He brightened right up and popped the whole thing in his mouth and chewed
happily.   I noticed that his hands were all covered in chocolate and other
icing from the cakes.

"Fred could you take Carl to the toilet so he can wash his hands and face.  
Hell if he tries getting into his clothes like this he will have icing all over
everything"  I said.

"Sure, follow me Carl."  he said.

Carl got up to follow, swallowing the last of the cake in his mouth.  He then
started sucking on his fingers, getting as much of the sweet off as possible
before he had to wash it away.    It was all I could do to keep from laughing.  

Carl was acting like a kid too big physically for his age.  I wondered if
perhaps he might be slow or actually a lot younger then we believed.    I was
going to have to get Pat to have a much closer look at him.   Something just
didn't seem quite right here.

The rest of the morning was quiet, we went out and walked around the garden a
bit and just talked.   After the walk we went to Jeff's pool and swam and
screwed around like young, carefree men are won't to do.  It was relaxing and I
enjoyed it immensely.

Charlie and Pat arrived back at the house just after I had returned to the sun
room to join Jeff.   We were sitting talking quietly when they entered.

"How is everyone?" Charlie said with a big smile.

We all answered, great.   It didn't take Charlie more than a second to notice
that Carl was in casual clothes, but he said not a word.   Instead he went over
and sat down beside Jeff.

"Do you think you could all excuse us for a bit.    I have some things to tell
Jeff and they are rather confidential."  Charlie said politely, but we knew what
he meant was, "get the hell out of here."

Pat left with us so I used this opportunity to tell him I wanted to speak with
him privately.   We went up to our room, probably the only place where we could
be assured of privacy.

Once there I explained about Carl.    I also told him I was disappointed he had
not picked up on what had been happening to the boy.    He saw my point right
away and apologized.   He and Charlie had been so busy with all the things that
had happened since I was mistakenly shipped to the Congress Hospital, that he
really hadn't noticed Carl at all.

When I explained about the actions I had taken and that I stood behind those
actions, he said he would talk with Charlie.   He was sure that once Charlie was
aware of what was happening he would not be angry.  He also thought I had done
the right thing.

He explained that the Master's Council had met to be appraised of the terms of
reference for the case they were about to hear.    Apparently there were a pile
of rules and regulations that they had to know in order to render a fair
judgement.   They would be spending the rest of the afternoon studying all the
material.

We then kissed and I told him about how Dinky had made Jeff a very happy man.  I
also told him that in the process poor Dinky had sustained a huge, throbbing
hard-on that had not been looked after.

"Oh, the poor boy.   What do you think we should do about it?" Pat asked.

"Well I think that someone should be gorging themselves on sausage as a sign of
appreciation."   I replied tongue in cheek.

"Oh you do, do you and do you have any special someone in mind, perchance?"  he
asked straight faced, but his eyes were twinkling with merriment.

"Mmmm, well I do know this very, very handsome doctor.   He just loves sausage,
particularly when it is home made." 

"A doctor.  My, my you are coming up in the world."  he laughed.

"Mmmm well not really, my feet are on the ground today, but yesterday was a
whole different story."

"Come on you silly bugger,"  he laughed,  "drop your drawers and I'll look after
you.   We only have a short time."  he said advancing on me.

He didn't have to tell me twice, my pants were off in a flash and I was on the
bed.   Our little bit of bantering back and forth had been all I need to get my
dick up.

He climbed onto the bed and came up beside me.   Our lips met in a deep, loving
kiss.   His right hand began to massage gently around my swollen member and my
nuts, which were full of hot cream.

He released my pecker and began to quickly unbutton my shirt.   His hand went in
and massaged my chest and rubbed over my now hard nipples.   He tweaked each,
with a thumb and forefinger, before moving back down across my abs, to my pub
and then to wrap around my dick again.

I was flying high, oh how I loved this man.  My heart had picked up about  twice
normal speed and my breathing had become very shallow.   Pat finally pulled his
face from mine and headed for my dick, kissing his way down my body.

I just could not help but moan my pleasure.   His hot lips and tongue had me on
fire.   All the while his right hand continued to massage around my dick and
balls.

The moment his hot lips touched the head of my throbbing dick I let out a squeal
of delight.   Pat didn't play around too much.  He knew I was really turned on
and that we really didn't have a lot of time.

He gave the head a few quick licks then took it into his mouth and began a slow
in out rhythm.   Each in ward stroke went a little deeper until soon he was
taking my whole dick deep into his throat.
As it slid down his throat he would constrict the throat muscles which increased
the sensations and caused me to moan even louder.

He kept the slow pace for only a short time and them picked it up and picked it
up until he had me climbing the mountain.    I was breathing really hard now and
my head was weaving back and forth on the pillow.

"Oh Pat, oh Pat, so good, so good." I kept repeating.

He picked up the pace more and my pleasure increased ten fold.

"Ah, ah, ah , ah, ah, ah, ah" was all I could manage.

Then I saw it, the great blinding light of glory.   I had reached the top of the
mountain.   Nothing existed but me and that exquisite feeling of power and love
and light.   The gates of lust opened and my juices began to flow in great
coursing, powerful squirts, into the  mouth of the man I love.

"Ah oh, I love you Pat, I love you, oh how I love you, oh yes, yes, yes."  I
cried out my pleasure.

Pat continued to work his head until my nuts had completely emptied.   He gave
my dick head a final suck then made his way back to my head.

I was in the midst of the afterglow.   Feeling light and wonderful.   He rested
his head on an elbow, looking at me as I tried to get my breath back.

He bent over and kissed me on the forehead.

"I love you very much, Harold." he whispered.

"Very, very much."

I heard the words but wasn't quite able to answer yet.   It felt so good to hear
him say them.    My love grew even stronger.   Oh how I wanted to spend the rest
of my life with him.   Just the two of us.   If only Charlie would let that
happen.

 A few seconds later my system had calmed down enough that I managed to express
myself.
"I love you too Pat, with all my heart and all my sole.   Forever and ever and
beyond.   You are my light and my life.  I love you."

I raised my head to his and we kissed.

Reluctantly we pulled apart.

"Well you best get dressed and I'll straighten myself out.   We have to get
downstairs for lunch."  Pat said regretfully.

"The only lunch I really want is you, my love."  I replied.

"Perhaps, but your going to have to wait and have me as a late night snack
instead." he laughed.

"Mmmm well that is something to look forward to." I replied with a smile as I
pulled on my slacks.

Five minutes later we were downstairs entering the dining room.   The others
were already seated, including Carl, I noted.   He was sitting on the left side
of Jeff.  There were two place to his right and we headed over.

"Why Jeff," I said, bending over to give him a quick kiss on the lips,  "did you
have a good rest."

"Yes, the best in quite sometime.  Come, come sit beside me, boy."  he said
happily.

Charlie might be a bit miffed about Carl, but he certainly was over joyed about
the way I treated Jeff.   Good, I thought, perhaps one really good right can
over come one really bad wrong, and almost laughed out loud at my own joke.

Lunch was a very pleasant and fun filled affair.   Jeff told a few stories as we
ate and Charlie even told a couple of jokes.   It was over an hour later that we
finally got up from the table.   Charlie walked over to the side of the room,
raised and finger and wiggled it at me, "the come here," signal.

Oh, oh, I thought.   Here it comes.  I quickly made my way over to him.   He
leaned forward and whispered in my ear:

"Your name is shit."

Then he walked away leaving me stunned.   But I didn't stay that way for long. 
The Sonofabitch was not going to get away with that.   Not after all I had done
for him.   I went right after him, put my hand on his shoulder, leaned close and
whispered:

"Well you better do a good job of it this time, Sir, because I ain't playing any
more of your shit games."

Then I walked away.   I didn't bother to turn, but figured he had turned beet
red and was ready to start screaming.   To my surprise there was not a sound
except the good natured chatter of the others.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment.  Acts
described are pure fantasy on my part and should not be attempted by anyone that
does not know what the hell they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter was run through the MSWord2000 spell checker.   I
have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct, however this
story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for slang and
street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker dictionary.   As
well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an English major.  
If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I would suggest you go
to your favorite book store and buy a story by a professional writer.   You get
what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  

A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 44

Harold gets the Royal shaft

"What the hell did you say to Charlie, Harold?"  Pat asked seriously when he
arrived back for dinner.

We were in our room getting changed.  The dinner was to be Congress Formal.  The
entire council would be here  and they would be heading straight to the hearing
after dinner.   Protocol required that they be dressed in Congress Formal for
the hearing.

"Now what the hell is Congress Formal?" I hear you ask.

Well you start with a black satin thong.  A black leather chest harness that is
all connected to a round silver buckle, centered on the bottom of the Sternum. 
The silver buckle was pure silver, and the great seal of the Master's Congress
was pressed onto it.

Next a pair of black leather pants, with a red stripe up the outside of each
leg.   Followed by a vest that had tails and was tied up the front, to just
below the silver buckle, with red leather laces.   The vest was cut back in a V
up to the shoulders, making the silver buckle visible.

Foot wear was high top leather boots, with toe and heel cleats, that made one
hell of a racket when the wearer walked.

To top off the whole ensemble, was a black leather forge cap with a stylized
"WMC" sewn, in white thread, on the front in place of a badge.  

The whole damned outfit left no doubt that the man wearing it was a force to 
reckon with.  But the part I really liked about it was that it made the wearer
look so damned sexy.

What really amazed me was that I was provided with one of these outfits to wear
as well.   Hell I didn't know I was a member of the Congress, but I sure as hell
was not going to argue the point.

Now back to Pat's question.

"What the hell did you say to Charlie, Harold?" 

"Well, he pulled me aside after lunch and whispered in my ear, "Your name is
shit."" I replied calmly.

"That pissed me off after all I had done for him.  I went after him and told him
that he had better do a good job of it this time.   That I was not going to play
any more shit games."

"Pat, I will not be bullied any longer.   If he wants to play Master/slave once
in a while, great, I'll play if it makes him happy.    If he wants me to go into
Dinky mode once in a while to impress his friends, I'll do it.   But I won't
take being mistreated or seeing a young innocent lad like Carl abused.  Now
Charlie better get that straight, right now, once and for all."

"Mmmm, Charlie may have made a mistake, sending you on that flight.   You have
discovered the Master's life and like it."  he smiled.

"No, Pat, that is not it at all.   Sure the flight was an eye opener and I did
learn a lot.   But I also have come to terms with who I am and what my
principles are.   When Dave grabbed me on the shoulder I made a decision.   I
decided that I am my own man.   No one owns me, nor will they ever.   I will
play games because they are fun and I admit I do enjoy them.   But I am Harold,
I am a free man and will always be a free man.   No one.  Not Charlie, not the
Master's Congress, no one, will ever change that."  I lectured.

"Mmmmm, me thinks it is time you and Charlie had a sit down, face to face.   You
have grown tremendously in the last few weeks, Harold.   Charlie wanted you to
grow, but I am not so sure he wanted you to grow as fast as you have done.   It
is time for a powwow."  now he was the serious one.

"Well I am all for it if it will clear the air.  I need stability in my life, I
can not keep living on the edge like this.   So if you can arrange for us to sit
down and discuss this thing like intelligent men,  go for it."  I said as I
finished pulling on the second boot.

Diner was a blah affair compared with the dinners we'd had on the aircraft.  Pat
was on my right and Walt was on my left.   We talked quietly about all manner of
thing while we ate. 

The only thing of note was that Charlie completely ignored me during cocktails
before we entered the dining room.   When Pat and I entered the room he happened
to glance our way then quickly turned his head.   I had to snicker, he was
behaving like a spoiled school kid.

After dinner it was announced that a Council would sit  tomorrow afternoon to
hear a case against Master Dave of South Africa.   Master's Hank, Ed and Grant
would form the Council.   Master's John and Walt would present evidence.  

After the dinner had broken up,  everyone was standing around chatting. Fred
approached and informed me  that Charlie would like to speak to me privately.

Fred led me to a small private office.   He knocked once, then opened the door
for me.  I entered and Fred pulled the door closed as he left.   Charlie was
alone, standing near a window. 

"Ah Harold.   Interesting proposal you made this morning."  he said with a
smile.

"Proposal, Sir?" I questioned.

"I seem to recall you said, "better do a good job this time."   Now wouldn't you
call that a proposal?"  he asked.

"No Sir.   I was making a statement of fact.  I will follow you and obey you and
do just about anything for you, Sir.   But I can not take abuse, nor will I
stand quietly by while a defenseless young boy is abused."  I replied.

"By defenseless young boy,  I assume you mean Twink."  he asked.

"No Sir.  There is no such thing as Twink.   He is a figment of your
imagination, forced upon a young boy that does not have the intelligence to
realize that he is being abused.  The boy I refer to has a name, his name is
Carl." 

Charlie hesitated.   He had not been prepared for this kind of attack and did
not know how to respond.

"Look Sir.  Pete and Larry made a big booboo.   They should have taken the time
to really find out more about Carl.   I think the boy has some serious medical
problems that need to be investigated.   He is 18 years old, or at least that is
what we have been told, but he is acting like he was 12.   Take a close look and
I am positive you will agree."

He was quiet for a few moments.   I could see the wheels turning in his head. 

"Ok, I will have Pat give him a thorough examination as soon as we are back
home.   In the mean time I will discontinue the 5 hour a day Twinkie thing.  
Will that make you happy?"  he asked.

"Sir this is not about my happiness.  It is about what is right and what is
wrong.  In my books it is right to have him examined, but wrong to continue the 
abuse."

"Ok!"  he exclaimed.

"But......that leaves a little problem.   I need a slave dog for some things
that are going to be happening before we go home.   I had brought Twink...ah,
sorry, Carl, over specifically for that purpose.  Now where do you suppose I
will get one to replace him?"  he asked.

"I really am not going to have a choice here, am I?"  I replied.

"Nope." he said with a smile.   "No choice at all."

"Now it also seems that I owe you and Steven a night on the town, all expenses
paid.  Is that correct?"  he asked.

"Yes Sir, but it is not really important.   I can forgo it."  I said figuring
that would be the best way to handle this.

"Oh, no, Harold.  Wouldn't hear of it.  You won fair and square and so deserve
the night out.   In fact I have made arrangements for you to go tonight.  
Steven should be here any time now to get you."   he said.

"That is really very good of you, Sir.   I do appreciate it."  I replied humbly.

"No problem at all." he said graciously.

"I am sure you and Steven will have a real fun time tonight.   And Harold, don't
worry I am not pissed at you for the remarks you made this morning."  he said
shaking my hand and heading for the door.

As he left Fred entered.

"Come along Harold, Gene and I must get you ready for your big night out.  Rover
is already and waiting for you."

"Rover?" I questioned.

"Why yes, in his human form he is known as Steven." he smiled

"Nooooooooooooo."  I screamed out.

"Charlie you bastard."

"Quite welcome, Harold."  I heard Charlie call back from down the hall
somewhere.

"Fucking Charlie, the bastard has screwed me again."  I said vehemently.

"Really Harold, that is no way to speak about Master Charlie.  Now come along so
Gene and I can get you prepared."  he said.

I followed him, what the hell else could I do?

He took me to the same room he had dressed me in this morning.    When I entered
I saw Steven or should I say Rover right away.   He was wearing a black latex
dog outfit and was spread out on the floor, looking glum.

"Shit I am sorry Steven.   It is all my fault.   If I had kept my big mouth shut
this morning we could have actually gone out and enjoyed this evening."   I
said.

Gene was there and he and Fred began to undress me as soon as I was in the room.  
It didn't take them long to get me stripped naked. 

I got up on the table and they began to apply the suit.   This was a whole new
experience for me, I had never worn a latex doggie outfit before.   I had to lay
on my back with my arms up.   My legs also up and bent at the knees.  My ankles
were secured to my thighs.    The suit turned out to be a one piece affair.

They worked my arms into the front paws first, then the back leggings were
pulled down over my knees giving me a pair of rear paws.   Once the arms and
legs were on I had to role over and get up on all fours.    The suit was then
worked up over my body.

The latex suit had a built on tail, it's  approximate location was at the top of
the ass crack.  It was just a short, cut off sort of thing, nowhere near as nice
as my other outfit.  

The suit had an opening for my dick and balls to hang out.  However as it would
cause all kinds of problems with the British law enforcement brigade, a small
leather bag affair was pulled over them and tied tight.

I protested but Fred said he had to comply with orders.   Orders were that it
was to be tied tight.   It was useless for me to argue, either of these guys
could mop the floor with me without even raising a sweat.

The suit itself zipped up the back, completely enclosing the body.   I had no
idea whether there was an opening for the love canal or not. 

 The final part of the outfit was the hood with the dog face mask molded right
on.

"Ok, Harold, I am applying the head piece.  You will cease to be Harold and will
become Dinky doggie.   Do not forget the rules."  he warned.

"I won't forget." I replied resignedly.

The molded face piece was a lot more comfortable then I thought it would be.  
It was a 100% improvement over the eye piece and that damned nose piece.   I
could see well and I didn't have those annoying plastic pieces stuck up my nose.

Fred and Gene got on either side, lifted and moved me off the table.  They put
me onto the floor and I walked around a bit trying to get the feel for this
suit.

The suit was not too bad, but it was warm.   If we did a lot of movement I would
be sweating in no time.   The only real problem was that damned bag tied around
my cock and balls.   It was really tight and was actually hurting.  They were
going to have to do something.   That pain was going to get worse and I would
not be able to tolerate it.

I lay down on my side and pointed to it with one paw while I whined.

"Is it too tight Dinky?" Fred asked.

"Rrrrough."  (yes) I barked.

"Ok, I will loosen it off a bit.   Get back up on all fours.   Bark when the
pain stops." he advised.

He loosened the straps or whatever they were and immediately it felt better, but
I am no fool.   I let him loosen it a whole lot more before I barked.

But it turns out Fred is no fool either.   He knew exactly what I was up to and
tightened it just a little more.   Well it wasn't as loose as I would have liked
but it was a whole lot better than before.

"Well now I suppose you would like to know where you are going for your night on
the town."  Fred stated, with a big smile.

I looked at him and gave a short bark.

"Now would it surprise you if I told you that you both will be entertaining
Royalty this evening?" 

I perked right up at that.  Royalty?   What Royalty?    I got up and whined just
enough to let him know he had my attention.

"Right.  I am not permitted to tell who you will be entertaining but I will say
you don't get much higher up.   Now that includes quite a number of the Royals,
so it should keep you guessing for a while."  he laughed.

"It is quite impossible to get a Royal audience unless you have just the right
credentials.   Now of course, Master Jeff and Master Charlie both are able to
arrange an audience with any member of the Royal Family on a moments notice.  
However Charlie is busy and Master Jeff is quite incapable of going out."  he
explained.

"Therefore Master Charlie has arranged for you both to accompany two Lords of
the Realm, who just happen to be Master's.   Dinky you will be accompanied by
Master Wilberforce, Will, for short.   Rover Master Duncan will accompany you. 
Both are very experienced Master's and also quite strict."

"I would highly recommend that you obey explicitly.  Now that I have put you
both on edge, I guess I should also tell you that you are most likely going to
have one hell of a good time."  he laughed.

"Really, it is only the rare few that get to go down on Royalty.    I understand
that their cum is the sweetest this side of heaven."  he giggled.

What the hell was going down here.   Is he telling us that we are going to give
a member of the Royal family a blowjob?   I was finding that very hard to
believe.  But even if it were true, which one?   There were any number to choose
from and all of them were only a stones throw from the top should the fates play
in their favor.

Well I didn't have time to speculate any longer, our dates arrived.   Master
Will turned out to be a very, very handsome young English Gentleman.   My heart
skipped a beat as I tried to picture him naked.

He stood about 5'9, it was kind of hard to tell being on my hands and knees.  I
estimate that he weighed in the neighborhood of  180 to 190.   He had broad
shoulders, a massive well developed chest and very muscular arms.   This man
knew the inside of a weight room that was for certain. 

He was a sandy blond and had hazel eyes.   For such a big man he was very soft
spoken and very, very polite.

"I have heard so much about you Dinky." he said as he rubbed my head.

"I am sure we shall have a great time this evening."

What the fuck else could I do but lick his fucking hand.   I had to play the dog
bit so I figured I'd do it right.

Master Duncan turned out to be a Scott.   He was a very big man and had a nice
Scottish brogue.   I loved the sound of a Scotsman speaking.   It always meant
strength to me, I have no idea why, it just does.   I guess because I credit the
Scots with being a strong, hardy people.

"Ach Roverrrr," he said to Steven, rolling his r's,  "it is so good ta see ya
again doggie boy."

Again?   Steven had never mentioned to me that he had ever been in doggie mode.  
But is was obvious he had and had accompanied Duncan before.

In response to Duncan, Steven went up into the begging position, his paws out
front, and barked.

"Rrrough, rrrough."

"Ach, ok, I haven't fergotten.   Here yee be boy."  Duncan said placing
something into Steven's, I guess I should say, Rover's,  mouth.  

Rover took it, went back down on all fours and began to chew.   What the hell
was it I wondered.   Well I didn't have to wait long to find out.   Duncan made
his way over to me and as soon as I saw him coming I went up into the beg
position as well.   Hell as I have said before, I ain't stupid.

"Rrrough, rrrough."  I barked.

Duncan gave a laugh, put his hand in his pocket and brought it to my mouth.   He
rubbed the top of my head after depositing the treat in my open mouth.

"That's a good dog.  My, my you are well trained."  he remarked.

I went back down on all fours and began to chew.   Well let me tell you, no
wonder Rover had got up right away.   Whatever the hell it was, it was good.   I
had never in my life tasted anything like it and never have since.   When it was
gone I was ready to get back up and beg for another, but thought better of it.

They clipped a leash to each of our necks and we headed out to the front of the
mansion.   There were two large limo's waiting for us.   The chauffeurs had the
doors open as we came out.   Will and I got into the first car, Duncan and Rover
into the car behind.

"Put up the blinds Cedric.   Dinky must not know where we are going, same on the
return."  Will said to the driver.

"Right 'o me'lard."  he replied.

A moment later there was a whirring sound and the windows darkened and a solid
barrier went up between us and the driver.

"Our destination must remain a secret, Dinky.   Being Canadian, you will
understand once you meet our host.  You must never breath a word about meeting
our host to anyone outside our circle.   Should you do so and it gets back to
our host, legal action will be instituted to make you retract.  Do you
understand?"  he asked.

"Rrrrough."  (yes) I barked.

"Good, boy.   Charlie said we could count on you.   Now our host is Bi, you know
what that means do you not?"  he asked.

"Rrrrough." (yes) I replied.

"He likes a good time like any other man, after all he is just that, a man. 
Unfortunately for him, he was born into Royalty and his every move is watched. 
This evening will be an anything goes type of night, there are no prying eyes
where we are going.   Perhaps you and Rover could put on a little show and then
when everyone is really hot, you might want to have a go at satisfying a Royal
cock."  he smiled.

"Rrrrough."  I barked with enthusiasm.

"Good, good.   Oh yes this will be a fun evening."  he said happily.

I was happy too, this did sound like it would be a fun evening.   Hell I just
might get to suck a Royal dick.   Never thought I would ever get to do that. 
Fred had said Royal cum was the, "sweetest thing this side of heaven."  Mmmm, I
wondered if that were true or  was he just joshing.

So, whom ever this Royal was, he was Bi.   That meant he was either already
married or was courting.   That still left a number of Royals near the top.  I
knew who I would like it to be, but figured, not a chance in hell.   I didn't
think he would be the type that would like a male, male relationship.

Will continued to talk as we drove along.   He told me a bit about himself and
his family.   What I really found fascinating was that because of his birth he
had a seat in the House of Lords.   To us born in North America we can not
understand, nor approve of someone holding a political office as a birthright. 

But on reflection I supposed it really was no worse then the Canadian Senate.  
Our Senator's are appointed by the Prime Minister of the day.  They used to be
appointed for life, but at least that has now changed.

He also went on to explain that his family had given up the family estate and
lands because they just could not pay the British land tax.   Most Lords had
done the same and had moved into more modest accommodations.

I supposed all this talk was to keep me from getting bored on the long drive,
and it was a long drive.   I estimate it took an hour to get wherever it was we
were going.  

But something else was happening as well.    About ten minutes after the car
started off I began to get an erection.   There was nothing to stimulate me,
other than the outfit I was wearing.   However I did not think I was getting an
erection from the outfit.    I was not feeling particularly horny at the moment.  
I was just fucking hard.

The car finally came to a stop and I heard the driver open his door.   Then the
rear passenger door opened and Will climbed out, he was still holding the leash
so I followed.

We were inside a large car garage.  I could see at least six cars parked there
but I believe there were more.   Duncan's car had pulled up beside ours and they
were already out.

Ahead of us were a set of double doors and they opened just as we reached them. 
They must be automatic because there was no one there to actually do it.

We entered into a very ancient looking hallway.   Right away I knew we were in a
Castle or something very similar.   The hallway had a high vaulted ceiling, that
was painted with murals, as were the walls all the way down to the top of the
eight foot wainscoting. 

The wainscot was in a dark mahogany and had all kinds of ornate designs carved
into each panel.   Brass torch holders were spaced about every five feet along
the walls, the torches long ago replaced by electric lights, which gave the
hallway a very warm glow and feeling.

Fancy, delicate, antique furniture lined the hallway and the highly polished
hardwood floors had a rug down the center, which made me happy.  I wouldn't want
to be trying to walk on highly polished hardwood.  I had a quick flashback to
Master Ed's foyer when I visited his place.

We went quite a way down this very long hall before we finally turned to the
right.   But that put us in another very long hall, identical to the one we just
turned out of.

There were large doors about every 20 feet on either side of both hallways.  I
think we had passed about 3 or 4  doors before we finally came to a stop before
a set of doors that could be for nothing else but an elevator.

Will leaned forward and pushed a button and the doors slid open.  Man I should
have been a fortune teller, can I call them or what.

From the number of buttons it would seem this building had three floors and we
were going to the top one.  I figured that out all by myself when Will pushed
the button that had a big number 3 on it.  I really am a very smart dog ya know.

When the doors opened on the third floor there were two guards there to meet us. 
Well I guess guards was not a good term, perhaps I should have said, Knights.

They were both all dressed in black, but they also wore highly polished armor. 
This amour included a breast plate, leg and crotch shields and a face plate.  
It really was impressive.

They were standing on either side of the elevator doors and saluted Will and
Duncan as they walked off the elevator.    I couldn't imagine them wanting to
salute Rover or I.  I was so busy looking at these guys that I was not paying
attention to where I was going and plunked head first into a chair.

"Pay attention Dinky."  Will scolded.

"If you break any of this furniture, you could work twenty-four hours a day for
the rest of your life and you still would not make enough to pay for it."  he
giggled.

Well I gotta tell you, I was much more careful after that bit of news.   I
didn't want to be spending the rest of my life trying to pay for a stupid chair.

We were in a hallway that was not quite as ornate as the one down stairs.   This
one was much more sensible.  It had a wall to wall rug and the walls were
papered in a rather attractive floral print.   The lights were on the ceiling
and gave the same glare that they do in most hallways.

There were only two doors off this hallway, that I could see.   Both were a fair
distance down.   When we came up to them we turned to the one on the right side.

Will knocked on the door and waited.   A moment later the door was opened by a
man that had to be in his 50's.  He was dressed in a black leather Master's
outfit.  He invited us in.

At first glance it was just a normal apartment that you would seen in any
apartment building.  It looked like we had entered a large living room.  

"His Royal Highness is awaiting, right this way please."  he said indicating for
us to follow.

"One moment please, Percy." Will said.  "There is something we must do first."

Both he and Duncan went to our backsides, Will reached under and removed the
little sack from my now throbbing cock and my balls, Duncan did the same for
Rover.  

I noticed right away that Rover had a raging hard-on as well.   What the hell, I
wondered.

I have to admit I was now a little uncomfortable knowing I was going in to meet
Royalty with my thing standing at full attention.   But I also knew there was
not a damned thing I could do about it.

Percy then headed towards a door on the other side of the living room.   He
opened it and Will followed him through, I was right behind.   The first thing I
saw was that we were in a dungeon affair.   The second thing I saw was our host
and I became terribly frightened.   I had been wrong earlier, I would have sworn
on my soul that he was 100% hetro.

"Their Lordship's, Wilberforce and Duncan, Highness."  Percy called out.

Both Will and Duncan bowed.

"Good evening Your Highness."  they said in unison.

"Good evening Will, Duncan.   What have you got here?" he asked.

"Evening *******, Master Charlie sends his compliments and would like you to
meet the world famous Dinky doggie.   Dinky meet his Royal Highness the ******
** *****."  Will said.

(To make things easier on myself while trying to write this thing, I will use
the initials, CFK, for our Royal guest.   Afraid I am sworn to keep his identity
secret.   Rob.)

I crawled on trembling hands and knees towards him and gave a little bow.   Then
I looked up into his eyes.

"The famous Dinky doggie.  I am so happy to finally get to meet you Dinky.   I
do hope we shall all have some great fun this evening."  he said as he placed a
hand under my chin and began to scratch.  

Damn.  I just found out I don't like being scratched under the chin either.  
But all I did was stick out my tongue and begin to lick his arm.

It was then that I got over my shock of who he was and saw how he was dressed.  
He was wearing black leather crotch less pants, a thong, high top boots, the
standard leather harness, only the buckle on the sternum was gold, instead of
silver and bore the Royal crest .   He also had on an open leather vest.

He had a tribal, in Royal purple, tattooed on each upper bicep.  However I had a
suspicion his tattoo's were the same as mine.   Put on with that machine and
removed just as easily.

After saying hello to me and scratching me under the chin he went and did the
same to Rover.   My dick was really throbbing now and I could feel precum
starting to ooze out the slit.   Great, just what I need.   I get to meet, CFK,
and what do I do, I slop precum all over his bloody floor.

"Both of these dog slaves are very highly trained, CFK." Will explained.

"Here watch this.  Dinky, beg."  Will said.

Forgetting all about my hard-on I got up into the beg position.   Will dropped
one of those wonderful tasting treats into my mouth.  Before I could drop down
to the floor, CFK had dropped down to his knees and grabbed me by my throbbing
dick.  I almost choked on the bloody treat.  

I mean the ****** ** ***** was holding my fucking hot, throbbing, cock.

"My this dog really has a dong and is he hot." CFK said in awe.

"Yes CFK, Charlie says he is always hot.   His favorite thing is eating
sausage." Will advised.

"Mmmm sausage huh?   I wonder how he would feel about a Royal farmer's sausage." 
CFK laughed.

"Probably never brush his teeth again." Will said and began to laugh.

Well it struck me so funny I couldn't help but laugh as well.   All the while,
CFK was playing with my rod.   I then noticed that he had one as well, and it
was looking like quite a respectable one at that.   His thong was well tented,
that's for sure.

"Well perhaps we should let Dinky demonstrate his prowess.  I am sure he and
Rover will give us a good show."  Will suggested.

I was all for that.   My dick was really throbbing now and I wanted to get off.  
CFK was still rubbing me and if he kept it up he was going to have great gobs of
doggie cream all over his Royal person.

"Oh yes I think that should be great fun." CFK replied, letting go of my knob
and standing up.

"Get Rover, Dink." Will ordered.

 I didn't have to be told twice.  I made my way to Rover and began to sniff
around.   I remembered how Max had done it to Ned on the plane.   Rover's
hard-on was throbbing and dripping precum just as much as mine.   Why?  I
wondered.   Nothing had been done yet?

I placed my head under his belly and licked the head of his dick.   I wanted
some of that great tasting precum.  Then I sniffed around his nuts, stuck my
tongue out and licked them a couple of times.  He gave a shudder and I knew he
was liking it.   While I was licking I noticed that Duncan had also removed a
small patch that allowed access to the love hole.   I wondered if Will had done
that to me?

Next I began to lick Rover's rose bud. He gave a little whining sound.  Rover's
ass tasted and smelled just as good as it had on the plane.   I tucked right in
and had myself a feast.

Rover was really whining now, he wanted me in his back passage as badly as I
needed to get in there.  I left a big gob of spit just above his hole, then
lifted myself up and climbed on his back.   I shimmied forward until I could
feel my dick at the entrance to his love canal.

I worked my dick up and down around the hole, making sure it was good and lubed.  
Then pressed home.   The head of my dick slid in with no resistance at all.  I
worked it back and forth slowly, loving the feeling of my cock head being
swallowed and massaged by his sphincter.

But enough playing around, I began to push it home.   In and inch, out.  In and
inch further, out.  I kept this up until my shaft was buried all the way in his
hot pussy.   My nuts were pressing against his ass and it felt so good.

I held still for just a moment and then began a rhythmic slow fucking of his
love canal, making sure I rubbed against his prostate on each in stroke.  I was
so turned on by now that maintaining a slow rhythm for very long was impossible.  
I soon picked up speed and was soon humping the shit out of his ass.

It  felt so damned good, CFK, Will, Duncan, the whole damned world no longer
existed.  All I cared about was the fucking great feeling I was getting from
screwing the shit out of Steven, oops, Rover's ass.

Each time I hit his prostate Rover let out a little whine of pleasure and that
meant he was now making steady whining noises because I was humping so fast.

I was at the top of my mountain and ready to blow.   Hell I felt like Mount
Etna, ready to spew my molten lava all over the earth.    And that is exactly
what I did, well maybe not all over the earth, but I certainly filled Rover's
love canal.

"Iiiii iiii oooooowwwww,  iiii iiii ooooowwww." I howled over and over has my
hot jets of dick snot shot deep into the bowels of my good friend and now fellow
doggie.

I could hear  CFK and the others make comments about my howling and then there
was some laughing.   But I was so absorbed in unloading I really didn't pay much
attention.

While I was howling out my pleasure, Rover was whining out his.   I was hoping
he hadn't cum yet because I really wanted to feel him inside me.

After shooting six loads into Rover my nuts finally settled down and it was
over.   I humped a bit more to make sure my dick was empty, then pulled out.  I
climbed down and went right to his hole and began to lick my own dribbling,
oozing cum from his rose bud.  This caused some clapping and other words of
encouragement from the audience.

Rover really wanted to get off and as much as he was enjoying my licking and
sucking at his hole he couldn't wait any longer.   He turned around and went
straight for my back end.

I knew what he wanted so kept myself still.    Rover began by getting his head
under me and sucking the residue from my still throbbing dick, then licking
around my nuts a bit.  He then went up and began to lick my love hole.

Why the hell was my dick still throbbing?    It should have relaxed a bit, but
it was still in full erection.  Something didn't seem right here.

I am not going to bore you with all the details of Rover's humping, it went much
the same as I had done him.   When he was finished and had filled my pussy with
his juices, he began to lick and suck them from my hole, as I had him.

I let him do it for a bit, then turned and went under to clean his dick.  When
it was clean I came out went to his face and we began to rub our tongues
together, well that drove our audience wild.  They were hooting and hollering
something wicked.

Something strange here.   Just as my dick was still at full erection, so was
Rover's.    Now we had made it together many times recently and this had never
happened before.  After having just had my prostate massaged by Rover's dick, I
wasn't too worried about it.   I was hot again and wanted to get off. 

I looked Rover in the eye and then flicked my eyes towards CFK.  He nodded his
head and we turned and made our way towards him. 

CFK's face was a bit flushed and I could see that he had one hell of a Bonner.  
I crawled right up to him and placed my head in his lap.   His thong shielded
boner was only inches away from my now drooling lips.   I wanted that Royal dick
in my hot mouth.   I was going to give CFK, the suck of his life.   I would use
every trick I had ever learned.

I stuck out my tongue and began to lick the protruding leather of the thong. 
CFK, gave a gasp.

"I think he wants to taste the Royal sausage." CFK said, to no one in
particular.

"Your damned right he does, CFK."  Will replied.

CFK placed his hands behind his back and a second later he pulled the thong
away.   It was my turn to give a gasp.   A gasp of pure delight.

The Royal sausage was indeed a farmer's sausage.   It had to be two inches in
diameter and was at least nine and a half inches long.  I mean this thing was a
truncheon, a baseball bat, a gawd damned walking stick.

I didn't waste a second.   My tongue was out, flicking up and down the Royal
head, cock head that is.   The Royal head was just as soft and smooth and
velvety as the head of any other dick I had ever run my tongue along.   His
gasps of delight were the same as well.

I worked my way down the Royal shaft, now ain't that something, I was getting
the Royal shaft here,  but I sure as hell wasn't complaining.

CFK's pubs were covered in very heavy, almost black hair.    The Royal jewelry
bag, was also covered in a heavy mat of black hair.    I took his left treasure
in my mouth and sucked gently,  my reward was a mouthful of fucking hair.  Shit,
me thinks he should be more considerate and shave his jewelry bag.

I did the same for the right nut, then tickled him behind his nuts and had him
moaning pretty good.   Couldn't get to his love hole, he was sitting on it or I
would have given him some nice feelings there as well.

From his nuts I went back to the Royal cockhead.    I took the whole huge,
purple monstrosity into my mouth.   It almost completely filled my mouth it was
so bit.  

I played my tongue around it a bit then pushed down until it was at the back of
my throat.

"Oh, yes, Dinky."  CFK gasped,  "that feels so good."

Oh but just you wait, Royal Big Boy.   Wait until I ram this Royal pole down my
throat, then we should really hear some Royal squeals.

I had been pushing the head around at the back of my throat, overcoming the
gagging reflex.   It didn't take long.  

I then took a deep breath and decided it was time to impale this commoner's
quivering throat on the Royal Phallus.   Which, I proceeded to do without
fanfare.

The Royal Phallus was big and it filled my throat as it traveled down.    I
didn't stop pushing until my nose was buried in Royal pub hair, which tickled
the hell out of my snozzola.

"Iiiiiieeeeee  ooooohhhhhhh  ahhhhhh.  That is so damned good.    Oh yes."  CFK
called out.

Of course it's good, your highness, I thought, I am now an expert at this shit.

I rested for just a second and then began to fuck my face with the Royal shaft.  
From CFK's reactions it almost seemed like he had never had anyone do him like
this before.   He kept calling out:

"Oh, oh, oh, oh, yesss."

His hands came up and rested on the back of my head.   I thought for a moment he
was going to grab my head and use it to masturbate his dick instead of letting
me do the work.   But I was wrong.    His hands just rested there and I somehow
got the feeling he was playing with the pointy little latex ears.

It wasn't long before he finally climbed the mountain.    I couldn't wait.   I
wanted to find out if Royal cum tasted better than common cum.   Fred said it
did, but I wasn't sure if he was kidding or not.   Well I was damned well going
to find out in just a few moments.

"Oh fucking yes!   Suck the Royal cock, dog."  CFK screamed out.

"Eat my dick snot, boy.  Eat it all."

His first eruption came as I was pushing down.   I pulled back and the second
squirt was in my mouth.    My mouth was instantly filled with cum,   yes, you
heard correctly, cum.   Just your plain, ordinary run of the mill, cum.   No
special taste at all.   It wasn't particularly sweet, nor was it particularly
bitter.   It was just...a.....well.......ah.....average.

But that was ok, I like cum, period.   He squirted again as I was pushing down
again, so it went right down my throat.   His forth shot was in my mouth, his
fifth down the throat.   This alternating between my throat and mouth went on
until his nuts were emptied.

I licked the Royal sausage, as he like to refer to it, clean and then pulled
off.   He sat very still, his head back, just enjoying the euphoria that seems
to follow blowing your nuts.

My own dick was throbbing like hell and I was turned on.    I really wanted to
get off again, however Rover was busy taking care of Duncan.   Percy was on his
knees taking care of Will.   This action only served to make me even hotter.

Will began to shoot his load just a few moments before Duncan.   I watched both
of them empty their sacks into the quickly bobbing heads of Rover and Percy.

I couldn't help but notice that both Rover and Percy were also sporting fiercely
throbbing erections.   Strings of silver precum dripping down to the floor.  

The sight of that precum going to waste drove my fevered brain to lust for
Rover's precum.   It was such a powerful feeling that I got up and crawled to
his rear.   I put my head under and began to lick his throbbing cock head.   Oh
how sweet his precum was. 

"Dinky!"  CFK shouted.  "Stop that."

I pulled quickly away, turned and looked at CFK.   He did not look pleased.  Oh,
oh,  I think perhaps I maybe in a spot of trouble.

"Get over here you bad, dog." he admonished.

I crawled back over to him, placed my head on his knee and began to lick.

"That ain't going to do you any good, bad dog.   You must learn better manners.  
We will have to give you a lesson so you never forget."  he said sternly.

At first I had thought it was a joke, but suddenly I was on edge.   He wasn't
joking.   He was going to punish me and from the look in his eyes I didn't think
I was going to enjoy this one little bit.

Even though I was now a bit frightened and on edge, my dick was stick throbbing
and I was very turned on.   It was so strange, I had never been like this
before.

Percy had finished and Duncan stood up.   He was completely naked.   He walked
over to where his clothes were, fished around for a moment, then came back and
stood in front of me.

"Beg Dinky." he ordered.

Afraid not to obey, I got up and barked.

He brought his hand to my mouth.   I thought oh shit he is going to give me one
of those foul tasting things to teach me a lesson.   Imagine my surprise when it
turned out to be one of those bloody good ones.

I dropped to all fours and chewed the thing.   Gawd they were good.

"Get over here, Dinky."  Duncan ordered.

He had gone over to a table by the wall.   Percy was already there and Duncan
said something to him.

I made my way over and stopped right beside his right leg.   He and Percy got on
either side and lifted me onto the table.

Percy placed leather cuffs around my wrists and pulled them tight.   He then
connected each leather cuff to the table by a chain.   He pulled a handle out
from under the table and gave it a couple of turns.    This caused the chains to
pull tight and I could not lift my paws up.

Next he picked up what looked like a metal box from under the table.   It was
quite large and he pushed it under my chest and abs.   I had to lift myself up a
bit for it to go under.   Once it was in place I relaxed and my body weight was
on the box.

I really couldn't see what Percy was doing now, but it seemed like he was
binding the box to the table, in light of what came next that is exactly what he
had done.

Next he brought some straps over and bound my torso to the box.   My rear legs
were then spread and bound to something, I don't know what because I couldn't
see.   I only knew that now I was completely immobile.   I couldn't move any
part of my body except my head.    I didn't like where this was going.

Once I was immobilized, Duncan came around to my head.   He had a cock gag in
his hand.

"Open your mouth, Dinky." he ordered.

I whined a couple of times, trying to say please don't do this.

"Dinky, open your mouth or Percy will grab your nuts and give them a squeeze
like you have never known."  he smiled as he said it.

I didn't like that smile and knew he wasn't fooling.    I didn't want my nuts
squashed so I opened up.

The moment my mouth was open, Duncan pushed the cock gag in.   He quickly
fastened the straps around my head.   He connect the little hand squeeze pump
and pumped it until the rubber cock and balls filled my mouth, the cock going
right to the opening of my throat.    The end was at the point where the gag
reflex mechanism is located.  Any movement of the head started to bring on the
gag reflex.   I had to concentrate on keeping my fucking head still.

Once they had me all trussed up the three of them gathered around.  

"You have been a very naughty doggie, Dinky."  CFK admonished.

"We do not like naughty doggies in the Royal presence.   Therefore it is
necessary to teach you not to be naughty in the Royal presence.   This is going
to sting quite badly, Dinky, but it is for your own good."  CFK said with a
straight face as he looked me in the eye.

I was now very uneasy.   I tried to talk, but that caused my head to move which
brought on the gag reflex.   I tried begging with my eyes, but he paid no
attention.

"Ok, Percy administer the punishment."  CFK ordered.

I couldn't see Percy so didn't know what the fucking punishment was going to be. 
My position didn't give a clue either, however when I felt something cold
suddenly press against my rose bud, I went cold inside.

Percy pushed a large dildo up my ass and began to work it in and out quite
rapidly.    At first it was nothing, in fact because I was so turned on it felt
good, particularly when it hit my prostate.

I gave a little moan of pleasure, but that was the last one for quite some time. 
The next sound I made was a scream.   A scream so loud and long that I am
positive they could hear it even with the gag in place.

My fucking ass was on fire.   I don't mean it burned a bit, I mean bowels were
on fucking fire.   The pain was unbelievable.   My teeth clamped down on the
cock gag.   I was in such pain my teeth actually bit right through and it began
to deflate.

The sound of my screams were now filling the room, but Percy paid no attention,
he continued to work that fucking dildo in and out of my burning channel.   The
more he worked it the more I burned.

Although I was in pain, I was still really turned on and my dick was throbbing
as much as before, if not more.   Still Percy continued to work that dildo in
and out,  the pain enveloping completely.

"Please, please. Stop it, stop it."  I begged. 

"Oh fuck I am on fire, stop, fucking stop. Please stop."

But no one paid the slightest attention to my screams of agony.   In fact the
three of them were fucking laughing.   Well that pissed me off.

"You miserable rotten fucking bastards, I kill all fucking three of you when I
get out of this."  I screamed.

"Oh, dinky, don't you know what the penalty is for threatening Royalty

"I don't give a shit what the fucking penalty is."  I shouted.   "You just
better make fucking sure you don't release me, because the moment you do the
three of you pricks are dead meat."  I continued to shout.

Suddenly it dawned on all three of them that I wasn't kidding.   I wasn't
either.  If I'd of been able to get free I would have went after them, not
giving a shit what I did as long as they paid the price.

They pulled away and I heard something spoke quickly.   I didn't quite catch it
because I was screaming in pain again.  The dildo was pulled from my ass
quickly.  A moment later it was pushed back up, I felt my ass fill with
something cold and the fire stopped instantly.

I was gasping for breath not only from all the pain I had just endured but also
because despite what I had just gone through I was still fucking hot.   My dick
was throbbing even more than before if you can believe that.

CFK, appeared in front of me.

"Is that better, has it stopped burning.?" he asked quietly, politely.

"Yes, thank you." I replied through my gasps for air.

The remnants of the rubber cock gag were making it difficult for me to catch my
breath.   Percy appeared and removed it.   Then he also removed the dog head.

All the restraints were also disconnected and the metal box pulled away.  Percy
then unzipped the doggie suit  and pulled it loose.

"If you turn over Harold, I will remove the suit completely."  Percy advised.

I lay down and turned over on my back.   Percy went to work and a few minutes
later the doggie suit was off and I sat up.

"How is that, Harold."  CFK asked politely.

"Much better, thank you."  I replied all the desire to kill gone now that the
pain was gone.  

However I was still pissed at them for this bullshit.  

"Why in hell would you ever do that to someone?"  I asked.

"We were under the impression that you had agreed to do anything we wanted.   We
did not know you were against this until you went wild.   I am deeply sorry,
Harold.   I would never have allowed this to happen if I had known."  he
apologized.

"It is ok, CFK.  apology accepted.   I guess there was just some
misunderstanding.   But I have one hell of a hard-on and would like to get into
some real sex, are you interested?"  I asked with a smile.

"Damned right I am." he replied.

"Great, well why not get Steven out of that stupid dog suit and let's have some
fun."  I suggested.

"Right, Percy look after it." CFK ordered.
 
The next four hours were great fun.  We got into some bondage games,  even CFK
was placed in bondage and teased unmercifully before we let him cum.

First we stripped him, Steven and I.   Then we began kissing and licking him,
one on each side.   We started at his ears and worked our way slowly down his
trembling body.   His big dick standing straight out and bobbing up and down.  
Long silver strands of precum flying all over the place.

When we got to his dick, we bypassed it and went on down his legs across the top
of his feet and then up the inside of his legs, meeting at his nuts.    We each
took one in our mouths, which was kind of nice because now Steven and I were
kissing each other with a set of Royal balls in our mouths.   Mmmm, something to
tell the grandkids, if we were ever to have any, which was highly unlikely.

From his nuts we moved up to the Royal shaft.  We wrapped our lips around the
shaft and again were kissing while we moved our head back and forth together,
masturbating the Royal dick.   When we got to the cock head our tongues would
flick out.  Not only did the cock head get a thrill, but our tongues flicking
against each other gave us a thrill as well.

By now, CFK  was begging us to bring him off, but we stopped altogether and put
him into a sling.    Now he was hanging there, we suggested that either one or
both Will and Duncan feed CFK some sausage, while Steven and I went back to
working the Royal dick and jewels.

Steven began giving the blow job while I took the jewels in my mouth, one at a
time and sucked gently.   The Lords had take us up on our offer and both of them
had their cock heads in CFK's mouth.   The only one that seemed to be left out
was Percy.

I called him over and whispered in his ear.   He smiled broadly and got down on
his knees.   CFK gave an involuntary gasp as Percy's hot tongue entered his love
canal.   I picked up the other nut and sucked some more.

Steven and I kept a close watch on the two Lords.    We were going to try and
bring CFK off at the same time as them.  Will was the first to shoot, followed a
fraction of a second later by Duncan.   Steven performed his magic and CFK
followed suit.

While CFK filled Steven's mouth with Royal dick snot, the two Lords were filling
CFK's mouth with theirs.   My own dick wanted to shoot so badly, but I knew I
was going to have to wait a bit yet.

I just couldn't understand it.   I had shot four times so far but my dick had
not gone down for even a second.   Does meeting Royalty give one a permanent
hard-on?  I wondered.  Then threw the whole idea out as being ridiculous, there
had to be a better explanation.

Everyone of us eventually ended up in some form of bondage during our games.  
In all I shot eight separate times during the evening and still my dick was hard
as a rock.  

Finally we all became so tired we just could not carry on.   CFK was not a young
puppy and this must really have taken a lot out of him.  Although he looked very
tired he also had the glow of a contented man.   So I figured the evening had
been a big success.

Except for that terrible thing with that burning dildo, I had truly enjoyed the
whole experience.  But I was thinking I would have a few words with Charlie in
the morning.    The sonofabitch had no right to let these guys think they could
do whatever the hell they wanted with us.

I was also quite pleased because I figured the whole thing had backfired on him.  
I really had enjoyed my all expenses paid night on the town.

It was after 1 am when I got back to Jeff's place.   Fred met me at the door and
we had a few words.  I told him I had enjoyed the evening then said good night
and headed up to the bedroom.

Pat and Charlie had not yet returned.  Fred said that the Council had got into a
bit of a legal wrangle and had to call in an expert on Congress law to set them
straight.

I had a hot shower then climbed into bed, I still had a raging hard-on as I fell
fast asleep.    I did not hear Pat come in and he didn't wake me.   The sun did
that the next morning.   I was laying on my left side, Pat was snuggled up into
my back and his right arm was draped over my chest pulling me close.

I had a morning boner, or was I still hard from last night, and so did Pat.  
His rod was pressed in tight to my hot ass cheeks and he was moving his hips in
his sleep.   My gawd was it a turn on.   My dick was throbbing and my breathing
had become shallow.   I hoped he would awaken soon, I wanted to give him a good
morning blow job.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment.  Acts
described are pure fantasy on my part and should not be attempted by anyone that
does not know what the hell they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter was run through the MSWord2000 spell checker.   I
have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct, however this
story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for slang and
street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker dictionary.   As
well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an English major.  
If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I would suggest you go
to your favorite book store and buy a story by a professional writer.   You get
what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 45

Pat got his blow-job and I got one too.   Afterwards my dick finally deflated, 
which got me to wondering again, what had been going on with it?  I explained
the situation to Pat and he began to laugh.

"What the hell is so funny, Pat."  I quipped.

"Sorry, Harold, but they really pulled a fast one on you.   Those were special
treats containing Viagra."   he smiled.

"Viagra!  What is it?  Some kind of Spanish fly?"   I asked seriously.

"No, nothing like that, Harold.   Viagra is a new drug that helps men with
penile dysfunction to get an erection.   It will also work on men that do not
have a problem, only in this case it keeps them hard for hours."  he explained.

"Those treats contain very low doses of the drug, around 10mg, I believe.   You
have to be very, very careful.   Viagra can give a man a very painful hard-on,
that lasts for hours.   The prescribed tablets begin at 50mg and the maximum
dosage is 100mg.   But at those strengths you would not enjoy your hard-on at
all, Harold."   He explained.

"But I didn't need that shit, Pat.   Hell I have no problems getting it up and
keeping it up."   I replied puzzled.

"Well they wanted to make sure I guess.   Perhaps they have had situations where
the guest went soft and the Royal was disappointed.   After all the Royals don't
get many opportunities to let their hair down and they must make each moment
count."  He explained.

"Ok.   Well at least now I know what it was.   It really had me baffled.  I
thought at one time that it was because I was in the presence of CFK, but threw
that out as being nonsense."  I laughed.

"Well I am sure he would be flattered to know you thought that."  Pat grinned.

"Mmmm, yes I'll bet.   He is a right nice guy once you get to know him and man
can he squeal when he is teased."  I laughed.

"Oh my, Harold.   You teased him?"  Pat asked with an incredulous look on his
face.

"Not only that, Steven and I had him secured in a sling at the time."

"Just think there was a time when you could be hanged or worse for doing
something like that to a Royal."  Pat observed.

"Oh and that thing Fred said about the Royal cum being the sweetest thing this
side of heaven,  forget it, it is a pure crock.   Steven's cum is a hundred
times sweeter than CFK's.   As a matter of fact CFK's cum has an ordinary,
commoner taste, like most I have had."   I said, with authority.

"Ah, sampling from the Royal fountain, huh."  he giggled.

"Oh you can be exasperating."  I said with mock indignity.

We both laughed and headed downstairs.

We entered the dining room calling out,  "good morning,"  loud and clear as we
entered.  Charlie, Jeff, Pete, Larry and Sam were there.   I was surprised to
see Sam.   I hadn't seen him since he got off the plane when we had arrived here
from  Australia.

I went first to Jeff, gave him a hug and a big sloppy kiss.   He just loved to
be treated like that.   Then I went and shook hands with Sam.

I sat in what has now become my usual place, to the right of Jeff.   I don't
think he would have stood for me sitting anywhere else.   He had Charlie on his
left.  The old man had fallen in love with me, I am sure.   The moment I was
sitting his hand was on my thigh, rubbing.

I looked at him and gave him a smile and a wink.   His eyes lit up and he smiled
back.   What the hell, if the old guy got a thrill from rubbing my thigh, then
why not.   Shit it felt good.

Pat was sitting on Charlie's left and they were deep in a quiet conversation.  I
watched fascinated as Pat did most of the talking and Charlie listened.   For
the very first time, it dawned on me that seemed to be the way it always was.  I
suddenly had a strange feeling something wasn't quite right here, but what?

After breakfast Charlie addressed the table, reference the events for today. 
Then he announced the one thing that I had been waiting to hear.

"The Council up-held the verdict of the British Congress." he explained.  "Sir
George was  demoted from Senior Master to slave.  The Council also announced his
new Master, but before I tell you the name of the Master there is something else
I must mention."

"A Disciplinary Council will hear the complaint against Master Dave this
afternoon.  As you know Master's Hank, Ed, and Grant will form the Council and
Walt and John will present evidence."

"What you don't know is that the complaint will be lodged formally before the
Council by Master Harold"  he stated.

 My head jerked up at that.   That's impossible there is no Master Harold.   I
am a slave, not a Master.   I was in a panic,  this was complete news to me.   I
looked at Pat but he had a strange, angelic look on his face.   I then turned to
Jeff, he was smiling as was Sam and everyone else at the table.

Charlie could see my confusion and finally decided it was time to explain.

"Harold, I drafted a petition to elevate you to the status of Master.   It was
signed by all of the Senior Master's you met on the plane, except Dave.  The
petition was faxed to every Senior Master in the World Congress.   It took two
days for all the replies to return.   The last one arrived just before the
Council sat down last night.    An overwhelming majority of the Senior Master's
of the World Congress have signed the petition approving your elevation.  
Congratulations Harold, you are now a full Master of the World Congress." 

I was in a state of shock.   I did not want to be a Master.   I was quite happy
with the status quo.   But didn't have time to moan or complain, the room was
suddenly full of people.   They entered the  room with a loud applause.  All of
the Senior Master's from the plane were filing in through the doors from the
patio.   Everyone wanting to shake my hand and welcome me to the Congress.

The last one to come forward was Charlie.   He had a very stern look on his
face.   I thought he was going to scream at me, but he came right up to me,
stuck his mug in mine, then broke out into a big smile.

His arms went around me and he pulled me forward in a hug.   I couldn't do
anything else but hug him back.   Damn,  I was so confused, so many questions
but instead of answers I got hugged.

"That shit stuff yesterday was to see if you really did have the balls to stand
up to me, Harold.   You did and I am proud of you.    I knew from day one that
you were Master material.   You just needed to be trained properly."  he said
softly into my ear.

"But Charlie,"  I whispered back,  "I don't want to be a Master."

"I know Harold, but ain't that too damned bad.   Your a Master now and their
ain't a damned thing you can do about it."  he giggled.

He gave me a kiss on the cheek then pulled away.

"Gentlemen." he called out.

The room quieted down, it was obvious that he had further news.  

"It is time to announce Sir George's new Master."  he said with a smile.

Suddenly the hair on the back of my head stood up straight.   Oh fuck no, I
thought.   They wouldn't......, they couldn't....., they didn't......., but they
did.

"The Council felt this would be an excellent opportunity to help our new Master
acquire his first slave.   Therefore, by order of the Council, Sir George shall
become the personal property of Master Harold effective immediately.  This is
forced, non-consensual slavery so Harold will have to learn to deal with a slave
that is always in chains."   Charlie announced loud and clear.

The room broke into further applause.   I was almost sick to my stomach.   Shit,
I didn't want to be a Master and I certainly didn't want Sir George for a slave.

The room suddenly became very quiet and the crowd parted to form an isle.   I
heard the clanking of chains.   I knew instinctively what that meant.  Sure
enough, through the door came Sir George.  His ankles were shackled and he could
only take short steps.  His hands were in cuffs behind his back and connected to
the heavy black dog collar that was around his neck.

He was completely naked and looked like a beaten man.   There were tears of
embarrassment in his eyes as he slowly made his way forward.   When he was about
three feet away from me he stopped, looked me square in the eye and spoke:

"I am Sir George, a senior Master of the World Congress and the Senior
Magistrate for the British Congress.  I will never be your slave.   You can go
to bloody hell."

I stood there for a few moments in the dead silence that had filled the room.  
Everyone waiting to see what my response to this statement would be.  

I could see the misery he was going through in his eyes.   A few days ago he was
the King of the hill, today he was lower than the low.   A sudden rush of pity,
for the man, ran through me.

But then I remembered what the Bastard had done to me and probably hundreds of
other poor devils.   He was a menace as a Master, he deserved to be a slave.  I
made an instant decision.

"Is that so?  Well I have news for you.  First, until I decide otherwise, your
name is, Tweebles.  You can forget the Sir George crap.  That is ancient
history."   I spat out.

The fucking name was so bizarre it broke the room up.   I mean they went ape
shit hysterical on me.    Everyone was bent over in uproarious laughter.   Poor
Tweebles looked absolutely devastated.   Which made me smile.

"Second," I continued, after the laughter eased a bit,  "whether you like it or
not you are my fucking slave.   You will obey or I will turn you over to a
Master that will knock the rebellion out of you in short order."  I said in the
most Master like voice I could manage.

"Now get down on your fucking knees where you belong and pay me proper respect." 
I bellowed.

Tweebles stepped back a bit  from the ferocity of my yell.   Then he dropped to
his knees and looked down at the floor.

"That's better you fucking asswipe.   If you ever dare to fucking challenge me
again you will wish to gawd you had never been born.   This is the only warning
you will ever get."  I stated hotly.

The room broke into applause again.  I was surprised at myself.   I had just
done to Sir George what had been done to me.   I knew exactly how he felt and I
did feel some pity for him.   But he had dug this hole and was now going to have
to live in it.

I also knew that from this moment, my life had changed drastically.   Things
would never be the same.

I figured that was it and we could now get on with the day.  But Charlie wasn't
finished with me yet.

"Gentlemen, gentlemen.  Please, there is more."  he called out and the room
settled down.

"As you all know, a Master requires a personal aid.   Someone he can trust
implicitly.   Well Harold has already found someone he trusts.   Someone that we
have been grooming for just such a position for a number of years."

The room broke into applause.

"Harold, as a personal gift from me to you I would like you to have Steven.  He
will be a good and valuable assistant too you.   He will help you to continue to
grow as a Master.   Keep him close and listen to his advice."

Steven materialized from somewhere, I am not sure where.   He was dressed in the
standard slave outfit.   He came forward and Charlie handed him a piece of
paper.

"Steven, you have been a good slave.  I have always been very proud of you and
happy to have you in my fold.   But as you are well aware I have been training
you to someday become the trusted aid for a Master.  In your hand is your
contract to serve.   If you agree with this change of ownership, present it to
Master Harold and pledge your allegiance."  Charlie said in a very official
voice.

Steven turned from Charlie and walked to me.   He handed me the piece of paper,
got down on his knees, placed his hands behind his head and said:

"Master Harold, I Steven, a lowly slave, pledge to serve you for the rest of my
natural life.   I give to you my liberty, my body, my life, to do with as you so
wish from this day forward.  I ask nothing but to serve."

I was speechless.   I didn't know what to say or do.  I wanted to run and hide,
to cry, to scream.   What had Charlie done to me?   How could he do this?  
First Sir George and now Steven, I am not a Master.

Pat leaned forward and whispered in my ear.

"Harold, say, I accept you Steven as my slave."

Unable to do anything else I did what he told me.

"I accept you Steven as  my slave."

The room broke out into loud cheering.   I almost collapsed.   But Pat brought
me back to reality.  He whispered in my ear again:

"Tell Steven he can get up or he will spend the rest of the bloody day like
that."  he giggled.

"Get up Steven."  I said by rote.

Having Charlie give me Steven had been a big shock to my system.   I really did
not see Steven as a slave, he was more a peer as far as I was concerned.  It was
going to take a little getting used to, knowing that I now literally owned him,
and by his choice at that.

Tweebles was still on his knees, looking at the floor and now big tear drops
were cascading down his cheeks.   I wondered what the hell I was going to do
with him.  Then Charlie's words came back, ringing loud and clear, and I knew
exactly what to do.

"Steven," I called out, "come here".

"Yes Sir." he replied as he moved towards me.

"Check with Fred and find out where we may keep this piece of shit until it is
time for us to go home." I ordered.

"Yes Sir.  Master Jeff has a dungeon with holding cells.  Tweebles should be ok
there until you need him" he replied, then hooked a leash onto Tweebles collar.

"On your feet, Tweebles and follow me." he ordered.

Tweebles began to get to his feet.  Faster than the eye could see, Steven
whipped around.  He had a leather belt in his hand and it flew through the air
and landed squarely on Tweebles bare ass.

"Iiiiieeeee." Tweebles cried out.

"When you are given an order, you will acknowledge the order, slime bucket." 
Steven yelled at him.

"Now get on your feet and follow me."

"Yes, Sir.   Right away Sir."  Tweebles called out as he rose awkwardly to his
feet.

The whole room burst into applause again.   They continued to applaud until
Steven and Tweebles were out of the room.   A few came over and patted me on the
back, making comments about my having done the right thing.

Pat even had a question.

"Where the hell did you ever come up with a name like that?" he asked with a
bemused grin.

"I am a Star Trek fan." I replied.  

"George looked so damned pathetic I wanted to grab him and hug him and tell him
everything would be ok."  I smiled

"But then I remembered how he had treated me and for some strange reason the
image of a Tribble, from Star Trek entered my mind.   Then the thought, "look at
poor Tweebles, he looks so miserable"  ran through my mind.  Before I realized
what I was doing I had already renamed him." I giggled.

"Well, however you came across it, Harold, it was fucking inspired.  You went up
by about a 1000 points in the minds of all these Master's when you made that
announcement."  he said proudly.

"But what the hell am I going to do with him, Pat?   I don't have any need for a
slave.    Shit I don't even know what I am going to do with Steven and I really
like him."  I said, still overwhelmed by it all.

"Well the first thing will be to train Tweebles to be obedient.   He will learn
and you do have the full resources of Charlie's place, unless of course you
intend on moving out right away."  he said looking me in the eye.

"Moving out!.........  Oh, shit, another problem.   I don't have the kind of
money that will be needed to run my own place.   Damn, why couldn't Charlie just
leave me as a bloody slave?"  it was more a statement then a question.

"Well Harold, first Charlie had you elevated to Master status because you
deserve to be there.   Second, do not worry about money.   When it is time for
you to move to your own place it will be there and it will be ready for you. 
Master's do not need to worry about money, all Congress Members are well paid."  
He said.

"You have to understand Harold that the Master's Congress is really a big
family.   We have millions, no make that billions of dollars in assets.   Many
of these assets are income earning assets and each and every Master is entitled
to a fair and equal share of those earnings.   That now includes you."  he
explained.

"Your earnings as a member, began about thirty minutes ago when Charlie made the
announcement.   Your actual yearly share, at present, will be approximately ten
million after tax dollars.  That figure will grow as we add on new income
earning assets.   Now do you think you could handle that, Harold?" he grinned.

"Ten million dollars?  I am going to need an accountant, for gawd sakes." I
replied in astonishment.

"Ya got one.   Steven is a fully trained chartered accountant, not to mention a
fully licensed lawyer.   His specialty is Corporate law.    You see, we did
prepare him to be a good aid."  Pat said.

"I'll say, but why the hell was Charlie wasting Steven's talents by having him
serve as a bloody Steward on an airplane?"   I asked.

"Well the simple answer is because Steven requested it.   He really does like
working that flight.   All of the Aid Trainees get a minimum of two years
serving on one of the planes.   Because of the very strict rules about total
subservience, the prospective Aid learns excellent self discipline.   After his
two year stint, Steven asked Charlie if he could serve longer.   As his training
was pretty much finished anyway, Charlie gave his blessing."

"Ok, no more questions for now.   I really have to let this all sink in."  I
said.

"Well just ask anytime Harold, I will always answer your questions to the best
of my ability."  he said.

At that moment I spied John and Walt heading towards us.   I had to give a
slight snicker because Max was right on John's heels  and it was rather an
amusing sight to see.

"Thanks Pat."  I said gratefully,  "I will."

"I will talk with you later, Harold.  I have to get Charlie.   We have a ton of
work to do this morning."  he said seriously as he departed.

"I don't envy you Harold,"  Walt said as he approached.  

"Tweebles," he began to snicker, "Tweebles is most likely going to fight you all
the way.   John and I were surprised at how docile he seemed this morning. 
However, the fact that he had been threatened with being turned over to an Asian
Master may had scared the shit out of him."  Walt said.

"Ah, so he was given a choice, me or hell."  I laughed,  "Well I think there is
a very good chance he is going to wish he had chosen hell." 

"Oh, and why is that, Harold?"  John asked.

"Because I will have Pete and Larry to help with his training.   You ain't never
been on the receiving end of Pete and Larry, I have."  I giggled.

"Of course, if he turns out to be extremely ornery, I will just have to send him
over to Master Dieter.  Dicky, Dieter's chief trainer is particularly vicious.  
Tweebles wouldn't stand a chance there."

They both laughed at that.   Thinking about Dicky, I had to laugh as well.  I
think I could guarantee that he would be able to break Tweebles in about
twenty-four to forty-eight hours.

"Oh, yes.   I have heard about Dieter and his dungeon."  Walt remarked.   "A lot
of Master's send their un-trainables to him.   He always succeeds."

"Well if you had ever seen how Dicky operates you would know why.   Dieter
himself is pretty vicious as well.   He has this damned electric prod that he
just loves to shove against some poor bastards nuts."  I said coldly.

"Sounds like you had a taste, Harold."  John questioned.

"More than bloody once.   I really hated him in that first twenty-four hours." 
I said remembering the pain.

"Well it helped to make you a better man, Harold.   Just look at yourself.  
From what we were told you were a weak kneed wimp when Charlie first got hold of
you.   Now you are confident, strong willed and unafraid of anyone.  Hell,
Harold you are the only man I know that has every threatened to kill CFK to his
face."  he began to laugh and Walt joined him.

I went a little red in the face.  How the hell did that get out, I wondered.

Max wandered over and brushed against my leg.  I dropped my hand and rubbed his
latex covered head.   His little latex ears sticking straight up.   The next
thing I know he is licking my hand.

I crouched down, looked him in the eye and said:

"Thanks Max.   You are the best damned dog I have ever met."

He leaned in and began to lick my face.  I opened my mouth and we worked our
tongues together.   But I had to stop and stand up, that shit was getting me
turned on.

"You can train your own dogslave now, Harold."  John said.

"Hey, Treebles might be a great candidate for dogslave."  Walt smiled.

"Mmmmm perhaps."  I answered,  "but I think I will work on obediance first."

"What do you think will happen to Dave?" I asked.

"Oh, not much.  Mainly a slap on the wrist.   What will really hurt is loss of
Seniority.   He will most likely loose a couple of points."  Walt answered.

"What are seniority points?"  I couldn't help but ask.

"Well your seniority points determine your position within the World Master's
Congress, Harold.   The more seniority points you have the more perks you get. 
For example, your seating at banquets, committees you are invited to sit on, 
Travel and vacation priorities, that sort of thing." John explained.

"You earn seniority points for things you do for the Congress.   For example, I
will be willing to bet you will receive at least one hundred points for acting
as Charlie's Ambassador."  Walt added.

"But I wasn't a Master during that trip."  I protested.

"It won't matter.   As far as the Congress is concerned you performed a job and
will receive the points."  Walt stated.

"Now just a little advice, Harold."  Walt continued.

"Go to wherever you are keeping Tweebles and make him suck your dick.  Don't let
him get away with a half hearted attempt either.   If he doesn't obey or give
you lots of pleasure, then use a whip or a belt on him.   It is very important
that you do this as soon as possible.   You must not let him think for even a
moment, that he has the upper hand.  If you let that happen Harold he will be as
bad a slave as he was a Master."

Damn, why me?   Why did they have to give that bastard to me?   Well it was
obvious I was going to have to live with this Master thing.   If that were the
case then I was going to do the best job I could.

"Ok, Walt, thanks.   I will get on to it right away." I answered.

We chatted for a bit longer and some of the other Master's joined us.   It
wasn't long before they all started to depart.   Some still had work to do,
there was going to be another hearing this afternoon.

The moment everyone started to leave, Steven was by my side.

"Tweebles is locked in a holding cell down in Master Jeff's dungeon, Sir."  he
informed me.

"Thanks, Steven.   Well they tell me I have to start his training right away.  
That I have to show him who is boss.   Wanna join me for the fun?"  I grinned.

"You bet, Sir.  That bastard did some pretty nasty things to me over the years. 
It sure will be nice to get my own."  he replied.

"Why Steven, I am shocked."  I said in mock surprise,  "I would never have taken
you for one of those horrible people that hold a grudge."

"Perhaps I should have said,  I will stand by you Master and give you moral
support, while you beat the shit out of the bastard."  he snickered.

I couldn't help but break out into laughter over that.

"That's more like it, Number One."  I said,  "Let's be off to the dungeon, shall
we."

Giggling like two school children, Steven led the way to Jeff's dungeon. 
Tweebles was in a small cell, that did not permit the occupant to sit, nor
stand.   He was in a kind of squat or crouch position and looked most
uncomfortable.  Good.  The bastard was finally getting a taste of his own
medicine.

As we arrived outside his cell door, Tweebles looked up at me with pleading
eyes.

"What the fuck are you looking at puke face."  I yelled.

He dropped his eyes to the floor instantly.

"Steven make a note, he gets five strokes with the belt for not showing proper
respect to his Master."  I said officiously.

"Yes Sir."  Steven replied just as officiously, shit we were having fun here.

"Tweebles, you realize that part of your new function in life is to provide your
Master with pleasure, do you not?"  I asked straight out.

"Yes, Sir."  he replied.

"Good.   I wish to be pleasured.   Bring him to the Dungeon Steven."  I ordered.

"Yes, Sir."  Steven replied as he bent forward to unlock the cell.

I went on into the Dungeon play room and found a nice comfortable padded chair.  
I plunked myself down and waited.

A moment later, Steven entered the room.  He had a leash in his hand and
attached to the leash was Tweebles.   Now it was all I could do to keep from
bursting out in laughter.   I mean you  had to be there to understand.

Tweebles used to be proud, aristocratic, Sir George.   Here he was wearing a dog
collar, his wrists cuffed and locked to the collar behind his back.   As well
his ankles had been hobbled with shackles. 

Steven was making the poor bugger crawl in on his knees.   He could barely move,
but Steven had no pity at all.   He made Tweebles crawl right up between my
legs.  I had not unzipped my trousers, I wanted his humiliation to be complete.  
He would have to do it all himself using only his mouth.

"If you do a good job and please me, I will permit Steven to put you into a cell
with a bed, so you may lay down comfortably.   If you don't, then it is back to
that small cell and you can stay there till we head for home.   It is entirely
up to you."  I said to him.

"Yes Sir."  he said.

"Well what the fuck are you waiting for?" I yelled.

He must have forced slaves to do this very thing, because I did not have to say
another word.   It took him the longest time to figure out how to get the zipper
down.   The stupid prick was trying to use his lips, but the lip muscles were
not strong enough to do the job.   Finally Steven had to tell him how to do it.

His next problem was getting my dick out of my pants.   That took some doing as
well, because I had worn shorts this morning.   All his messing around trying to
get to my rod, gave me just that, a rod.

"Use your fucking tongue to spread the fly and find the cock, you moron." 
Steven ordered.

Steven had crouched down and was watching Tweebles progress closely.  While I
watched in amusement.   He really was trying but not having much luck.   Then
his tongue finally penetrated the fly of my shorts and rubbed against my
throbbing dick.

"Ohhhhhhh yeah." I moaned out.

"Now find the head with your tongue and work it out the fly."  Steven
encouraged.

Tweebles ineptitude was sending fantastic feelings along my cock and I couldn't
help but moan out my pleasure.   If he kept this up, it was a sure thing he
would earn himself a cell with a bed for the night.

Suddenly my dick popped up and seeing as Tweebles mouth was right there, and it
was open, he got a mouth full of hot cockhead.

"Ohhhh yes, yes.   That feels so fucking good Tweebles." I gasped out.

Encouraged he began to work my cockhead with his lips and tongue.   I was
surprised, he had good technique and could give pleasure if he really wanted
too.

He was sucking and blowing on my cockhead while flicking his tongue all around.  
It was so good I couldn't keep still, my hips began an involuntary humping very
slow and gentle.

I noticed that Steven had a big boner himself.   It looked so fucking good I
just had to have it.

"Steven,"  I gasped, "do you think you could climb up on the arms of this chair?  
I just gotta have your cock."

"You bet, Sir."  he said getting up and releasing his thong.

He nimbly climbed up onto the padded arm rests of the chair.   In a kneeling
position he worked his way forward until his cock was brushing against my lips.  
My tongue was out and drooling before it arrived.

I gave that beautiful head a lick, then took it in my mouth and savored the
flavor of Steven.   My gawd he tasted so good.  I was going to have to ask him
what he did to make himself taste and smell so good.   It couldn't be natural. 
Could it?

So there I was, my first morning as a Master having an orgy with my slaves.  
Shit maybe this Master thing wasn't so bad after all. 

Tweebles may have been a prick as a Master, but he sure was one hell of a great
cocksucker.  Almost as good as Steven.

He brought me to the pinnacle, kept me there for a bit then brought me down.  He
repeated this three times.   On the third time I wasn't going to let him bring
me down again, I wanted to cum.

Steven was ready as well so when I reached that mountain peek I thrust my hips
forward hard, leaving no doubt in Tweebles mind that he better bring me off this
time.

Just as I was about to cum I brought Steven to the same point and we both seemed
to explode at the same moment.   It felt so good to unload into the unwilling
throat of the bastard who'd had my nuts beaten.   He was just fucking lucky that
I didn't do it to him.

Tweebles pulled off my cock before I pulled off of Steven's.   For some reason
that annoyed me.   Steven quickly climbed down from the chair.   Tweebles was on
his knees looking at me.  That annoyed me even more.

"Steven, I don't think Tweebles is paying me the proper respect.   Look at the
fucking piece of shit, he is looking me in the eye."  I said.

Tweebles instantly dropped his eyes to the floor.   He realized too late that he
had made a big mistake.

"Look at my fucking cock.   It is all covered in fucking slime.   You miserable
fucking pig."  I yelled at him.

"Get your mouth here and clean me up."

Tweebles quickly crawled back and began to suck and lick on my limp, slimy dick.  
It had gotten cold from the wet slime and his hot tongue felt good.

"Steven, do you think you could get your hands on a chastity belt like the one
John and Walt used on the plane?" I asked.

"Certainly, Sir."  Steven answered with a puzzled look on his face.

"Good.  Get one and have it installed on Tweebles.   He needs to learn to treat
his Master with respect.  Perhaps if he can not empty his nuts for a week or so
he will learn."   I said.

"Please, Sir."  Tweebles cried out.  "I am sorry, Sir.    I have never been a
slave before, I promise I will do better.   Please Sir, don't put me into one of
those things."

Ah, I thought.   A weakness.   Good, I will be able to use that to get this
bastard to obey.

"Oh you will do better, in fact you will do more than better.   But you must be
punished for showing me disrespect.   You will wear the chastity belt for seven
full days and nights."  I said sternly.

He began to shake a bit, but did not look up at me.

"Yes, Sir, Master Harold."  he replied dejectedly.

Ah, progress.  I thought to myself.   He is acknowledging me as his Master
without being threatened. 

"When would you want the belt placed on him, Sir."  Steven asked.

"How soon can you get it?"

"I think we could have one in an hour or so."  Steven replied.

"Well as soon as you can get one, place it on him.   His seven full days and
nights will begin the moment it is locked on."  I ordered.

"Yes, Sir." 

"I promised him a large cell with a bed if he gave me pleasure, Steven.   He did
a great job, so make sure he gets a good cell, ok?"

"Yes, Sir.   Do you want his cuffs and shackles removed as well?"

"After the belt is on you may remove his cuffs, leave the shackles on."

"Tweebles,"  I said, looking at him,  "I hate this shit, I really do, however I
will not hesitate to use any of the methods at my disposal to discipline you
should you need it.   I am leaving the shackles on because I think you need
something to remind you of your new position in life.  When you prove to me that
you have accepted your position, the shackles will be removed, but not before." 
I then got up out of the chair.

"Oh and Steven, before you put the belt on him get rid of all that fucking hair.  
It is obscene for a pussy slave to have so much hair." 

"All of it, Sir?"  Steven asked.

"Yes, everything, including his head.   I want him kept completely bald until he
learns some manners."

"I am going up to my room, Steven.  Join me there as soon as you have him
secured.   I have a couple of questions for you.  You can administer his five 
lashes with the belt later"   I said.

"Yes, Sir.   I'll be there in about ten minutes."  he replied.

"Ok." I said as I headed for the door.

I went straight up to the room I shared with Pat.   Pat!!!   Oh shit, I forgot
about Pat!   What the hell was this Master thing going to do to my relationship
with Pat?   He was Charlie's slave and chief aid.   Charlie wouldn't part with
him for all the money in the world.

I sat down in an easy chair and just let my mind wander around all the problems
Charlie had created for me.   I had hated being a slave, but had learned to live
with it.    Now I was a Master and hated that as well and was going to have to
learn to live with it.

Damned this life was so fucking complicated.  

Steven came in almost exactly ten minutes later.

"Got him all squared away?"  I asked.

"That is in progress as we speak." Steven smiled.

"Rupert and Kingsley are preparing him.   Jeff has a couple of hundred chastity
belts and they will make sure he gets one that fits." 

"Rupert and Kingsley?"  I questioned.

"Oh, they are two of Jeff's slaves that very few people ever see.    They do
most of the cleaning and things of that nature.   They will prepare Tweebles
exactly as you ordered."  he replied.

"Ok.   Do you think I was too hard on him, Steven?"  I asked.

"Hell no.   If anything you were very easy on him.   Most of the other Master's
would have had the bastard strung up and whipped for that kind of insolence."

"Problem is Steven, a whipping would not break Tweebles.    It would make him
more defiant.   I don't want him defiant I want him obedient.   Just by pure
luck I have found his weak spot and we will use that to get him to obey."  I
said.

"His weak spot, Harold?    I didn't notice any weak spot."  Steven asked
quizzically.

"Oh, yes.   The great Sir George has a weak spot.   He is afraid of losing
control over his cock.    Did you not see the look on his face when I told you
to put him in a chastity belt?    Hell he even begged me not to do it." I
smiled.

"He didn't beg very much, Harold.   I hardly think that demonstrated a weak
spot."  Steven replied unconvinced.

"Steven I don't think you understand people like Sir George.   That he protested
at all indicates that he is very upset about the chastity belt.   He will never
protest anything unless he feels deeply about it.   Deep down inside he thinks
that by refusing to protest he is denying that I own him.  Something would
really have to upset him before he would open his mouth."   I smiled again.

"Well if you say so, Harold, but I am still not so sure you are right."

"Of course I am right, Steven.   Hell I am the Master now ain't I?"  I laughed.

"Right.  You are now the Master and the Master is always right."  he giggled.

"Now lets get down to something more urgent."   I said somberly.

"What the hell am I going to do?   I don't want to be a Master.   Hell I have
enough problems without taking on more."  I whined.

"Well, Harold you really don't have any choice now.    The Congress has elevated
you and you can not refuse.   Like it or not you are a Master."

"I know, but I don't have to like it."

"Pat said that I now have an income of around ten million per annum and that you
would manage it for me."

"Yes, Harold.    You have become a very wealthy man.   I have already started a
set of books to keep track of your income and your investments.   I was informed
of you elevation last night and spent most of the night with some other
accountants getting everything ready."

"Last night?"  I said with surprise.

"Yes.   Charlie called me in and offered me the opportunity to transfer over to
you.   Because I am a voluntary slave I have a contract.    My Master must have
my permission before he sells or gives my contract to another Master.   I have
been training for this job for a very long time Harold.   When Charlie told me
you would be elevated and that if you and I agreed, I would become your aid.   I
almost screamed out loud my joy, I was so happy.   But I managed to keep a
straight face and tell him that I would be proud to serve you as aid."   he said
with a smirk.

"I'll bet."  I laughed.

"But what do I do, Steven?  I mean I must do something to earn that ten
million?"

"Of course you do.   You will be given different tasks by the Congress.   You
may even be given the Directorship of a number of the Congresses Corporations.   
There is also the possibility that you will be given a small failing company to 
test your ability to build it into a profitable venture.   At this point it is
hard to say what they will ask of you."   he explained.

"Ok, lets forget the speculating.   At least I now know I will have to do
something to earn the income."  I smiled.

"Now the really hard question, Steven.  Once we get Tweebles trained to obey,
what the hell do I do with him?  I don't really want him for anything and I
don't like the idea of being a jailer." 

"Well Harold what you do with him is entirely up to you.    Once he is trained
to obey you could put him up on the slave auction.   I don't think you would get
much for him though.   I doubt there will be many Master's will want a demoted
Master for a slave and in particular, Tweebles.  He was not well liked by anyone
from what I hear."  he explained.

"Great!  It means we are probably stuck with him.   Well I guess we can worry
about that later.  I have something more important on my mind right now."

"I assume you know that I have very strong feelings for Pat and I believe he has
for me as well."  I started, stumbling a bit over this delicate matter.

"Yes, Harold.   I am well aware of your feelings for Pat." 

"Well, now that I am a Master I am afraid I will lose him.   He belongs to
Charlie and I know Charlie would never part with him in a million years.  I just
don't know what to do."   I was almost crying at this point.

"Well Harold I think the best thing to do at this point in time is to just be
patient.  Let Charlie broach the subject first.  I don't think he is about to
pull Pat completely away from you.  Take everything one step at a time and get
used to your new status.   Everything will work out for the best, you'll see."

"Your right, Steven.   I am so overwhelmed with this thing that I am trying to
do too much at once.    I will let everything fall into place as it should,  
Thanks."  

"Steven, I really am happy you are my aid," I said, looking deep into his eyes, 
"I could not have asked for a better person."

He turned a little pink and smiled bashfully.   I lifted my arms and he drifted
into them.   I held him close, I loved him dearly, but wished he was Pat.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment.  Acts
described are pure fantasy on my part and should not be attempted by anyone that
does not know what the hell they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter was run through the MSWord2000 spell checker.   I
have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct, however this
story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for slang and
street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker dictionary.   As
well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an English major.  
If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I would suggest you go
to your favorite book store and buy a story by a professional writer.   You get
what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 46

Master Harold

The hearing for Master Dave went relatively quickly and without incident. 

I read out the charge;

".....behavior unbecoming a Senior Master of the World Master's Congress.  
Unprovoked physical aggression against the official Representative of the Senior
Magistrate."

To my surprise and relief, Master Dave pleaded guilty to all the charges.   Gave
a heart felt apology to Master Charlie, The World Master's Congress and to me.

In light of his change of heart the council was very easy on him.  They fined
him $200,000.00 American dollars and suggested he donate 200 of his Seniority
points to me as I was the one against whom his aggression was vented.

After the council was adjourned he came to me and shook my hand.   He also
assured me he would donate 200 of his Seniority points to me.    I was yet to
see how important these points were within the organization and what they could
do for me.

After the hearing we all went back to Jeff's.   He had just awakened from his
afternoon nap when we arrived.   The ever efficient Fred, had a light tea set up
for us in the Sunroom.

I took a chair beside Jeff and we chatted about the hearing and about my raise
to Master.

"In one respect it is most unfortunate, Harold.   I sure would have liked
another visit from Dinky doggie, he was wonderful."  he said wistfully.

"Well one never knows for sure, Jeff.   He just may make another visit, a kind
of just for old times sake and farewell appearance."  I replied.

"Now wouldn't that be something." he giggled.

"What about Tweebles?    He should make a wonderful doggie, don't you think?" he
stated.

"I hadn't thought about it, Jeff.   Do you think he would go along with it?"  I
asked.

"He does not have to go along with it, he really has no choice.   You are his
Master and what you say goes.   If you want him as a dogslave then he shall be a
dogslave."  he stated flatly.

"Yes, I guess so.   It is going to take some getting used to, having the power
to direct another persons life so completely."  I replied.

"Well it won't take you long Harold and believe me you will love it.   As long
as you use your power with foresight and never let it do to you what it did to
Sir George you will be a great Master."

"Yes Sir.   I understand."  I replied.

"Now it sure would be great to see Tweeble doggie."  he giggled again.

"Ok, Jeff.  Give me just a few moments to find Steven."  I replied with a laugh.

He just looked at me with that grin and winked.

I got up and went to where Fred was serving drinks from a mobile bar.

"Fred, have you seen Steven?"  I asked.

"Yes, Sir.   He has gone down to the dungeon to prepare Tweeble doggie for you." 
he answered with a smile.

"How the hell did he know?" I asked in surprise.

"Well to be honest, Master Jeff told me he was going to ask you to bring
Tweebles in as a dogslave.   I just finished telling Steven and he thought
perhaps he had better go get Tweebles ready.   I guess he knew you would agree
to Master Jeff's request."  he answered.

"Good old Steven." I replied,  "I'll bet he is every bit as efficient as you
are."

"Maybe, maybe not."  he answered with a laugh.

"Right."  I laugh as well.

"May I have a coke please and make up another of whatever it is Jeff is
drinking.  I'll take it over with me."   I said.

I had just got back to Jeff and was taking a sip of my coke when Steven entered
the room.

A hush fell over the group immediately all eyes turning to watch Steven lead
Tweeble doggie across the room.  To make his embarrassment complete, Steven had
not placed the doggie mask over Tweebles face, but had inserted one of those
damned plastic noses.

But otherwise, Tweebles was dressed in what I presumed was my old Dinky doggie
outfit.   It was brown and furry and had that damned tail sticking out of his
ass hole.   Tears were streaming down his cheeks as Steven led him through the
guests.

There were some hoots and derisive comments.   A couple of the guys bent over
and grabbed his nuts, giving them a squeeze.    He cried out in pain, but did
not say a word.   I figured Steven had warned him within an inch of his life of
what would happen if he spoke.

Jeff's eyes sparkled as he watched Tweebles approach.

"Oh, Harold thank you."  he said.   "He looks fantastic.   He should have been a
dogslave years ago.   I always knew the British Congress had made a mistake
making him a Master."

Steven brought Tweeble doggie right to us and told him to sit.   Without
hesitation Tweebles sat.

"A little bird told me you would be wanting him, Sir."  Steven said with a
smile.
"So I went down and had him prepared."

"A little bird named Fred, me thinks."  I said with a grin.

"But he is not trained yet, Steven."

"He has had dog slaves for many years, Sir.   He knows all the rules and he
knows doggie language, after all he beat the shit out of many a poor young lad
training them.  I have warned him that if he does not behave appropriately for a
dog he will spend the night in the scrunch cage.  He doesn't much like that cage
so I believe he will behave, won't you Tweebles?"

"Rrrrough." (yes) Tweebles barked in reply.

"Great!" I exclaimed.

"Beg Tweebles." I ordered, holding my hand above his head.

He got up into the beg position with his paws out front and his tongue hanging
out the corner of his mouth.   His dick was flaccid and was laying on his big
nutsack.   

Fred and the crew had done a great job of shaving him.   He did not have a
single hair of his own anywhere on his body.  I crouched down and grasped his
dick.

"Get a hard-on, Tweebles.   We all want to see your little dick standing at
attention."  I ordered.
He turned a bright red and for just a moment I thought he was going to protest. 
But he thought better of it and kept his mouth shut, except for his silly tongue
hanging out.

A few of the guests had crowded around to enjoy Sir George's embarrassment.  I
was playing with his dick and it was starting to harden.   His face just got
redder and redder.

I was working away getting him hard when I noticed a bright red cut line just
behind his nuts.   I pulled the nuts back and took a closer look.  There was an
angry looking cut, that had been sewn closed.

"Steven."  I called softly.

Steven crouched down beside me.

"How did he get this?"  I whispered.

"When the guys were giving him his five lashes he tried to move away as the whip
was in motion.   The hit was misplaced and it tore a deep cut.    They had to
stitch it up, it was just too deep for a band-aid."  he explained.

"Damn!"  I exclaimed quietly.

"We shall have to be very careful in future.  I don't want him all scared up.  
I thought I had ordered five lashes with a belt, not a whip?"   I whispered.

"You did, Sir, but I did not pass that order onto the guys.   I just said five
lashes.   I am truly sorry, Sir.   I am new at this stuff too and now realize
that I must be very explicit in my instructions.  I should be punished, Sir." 
he said.

"And so you shall, Steven.   Have you apologized to him?"  I asked.

"No, Sir, I didn't."  he replied.

"Well, make sure when you get him out of here that you do.   We are not sadists,
Steven.   I want him treated fairly.   If he deserves a punishment then he
should get it, but that doesn't give us the right to tear the man to pieces."

"Yes, Sir."  Steven answered quietly close to my ear.

"Now for that punishment.   Get down here and give him a blow job, but don't
make him cum.   I want his dick hard and throbbing."  I whispered again.

"Yes, Sir." he said with a smile.
I smiled back and his mouth took the place of my hand.

I got up on my knees and whispered in Tweebles ear.

"I am very sorry they cut you during your punishment.   I will take steps to
make sure that never happens again.  As partial compensation I have ordered
Steven to give you a blow job.   That should make you feel much better."  I
finished and stood up.

He looked at me with a small smile curling his lips.   Go ahead and smile, I
thought, might as well enjoy this while you can.   

"What do you think, Jeff?   Are they giving you a good enough show?" I asked the
old man.

"Oh yes, Harold this is great stuff.  Look, my old dick is trying to get out of
my trousers." he laughed, "It has been a long time since it did that."

"Well in just a few moments it will be out of your trousers.  Tweeble doggie is
going to eat your sausage.   How does that sound?"  I smiled.

"Oh you are so good for me, Harold.   Whatever shall I do when you head back to
Canada?"

"Oh you will be just fine, Jeff.   Fred will take very good care of you."

"Yes, he always does.   I was a very lucky man to find him."  he said almost
sadly.

We sat quietly for a bit and watched Tweebles face as Steven continued to suck
his dick.    Steven is one of the finest cocksuckers I know and Tweebles face
showed it.   He was breathing hard and little moans were escaping his lips.   I
could tell he was not far from emptying his load and knew that Steven would pull
away at the last minute, preventing that unloading.

"Owwwwwww......wooowooowooo" Tweebles called out in doggie howl.

At the same moment Steven pulled away and looked up at me.   He nodded and I
knew that Tweebles was just short of cuming.   

When Steven pulled away the howls stopped in mid howl.    Tweeble looked down in
panic and his worst fears were confirmed.   He then looked at me, his eyes
begging me to order Steven to continue.

I just smiled at him and shook my head.

"If you want to cum, Tweebles, then you had best give Jeff the best gawd damned
blow job that he has ever had in his entire life.   There are other ways to give
a guy sore balls besides whacking the shit out of them." I said coldly.

He got my drift right away and walked on his knees, still in the begging
position over closer to the chair that Jeff was sitting in.

He shimmied up between Jeff's now spread legs and began to sniff around Jeff's
crotch.   He gently nuzzled his chin in and rubbed up and down Jeff's obvious
bonner.   There was even a wet spot on his trousers.

After rubbing his chin for a bit he had Jeff moaning.   Then he went for the
zipper on the fly.   He had learned his lesson downstairs.   He knew exactly how
to grasp the zipper and pull it down.   He then went up and after a wee bit of
fiddling around, finally managed to get the waist band button undone.

Jeff's bonner pressed up through the now open trousers, but was still confined
in his black, jock pouch.   Ah, I thought, this should be interesting.   How was
he going to get that jock pouch off?

Actually it turned out to be quite simple.   Tweebles just grabbed the front in
his teeth and pulled and the whole damned thing just pulled right out.   He
rested there with that jock hanging from his mouth, it looked rather funny and
it was all I could do to hold back from laughing.

Suddenly, Jeff spoke.

"Take the jock over and give it to Fred.  Make sure you wag your tail for
everyone you meet and get back here real quick."  he ordered.

Tweebles looked stricken.   Again it was all I could do to hold back a laugh.  
Jeff had found a great way to bring further humiliation to this former Master.

Realizing he had no choice, Tweebles pulled back from the chair and began to
crawl towards the bar, which was on the other side of the room and through the
crowd.

"Whoa there, dog."  Jeff called out loud so everyone in the room could hear.

"Hold your fucking head high and proud.  That's a Master's jock you have in your
mouth."

I watched in amusement as Tweebles face turned scarlet again, but he obeyed.  He
crawled away, wiggling his ass so the tail would wag, his head held high, the
jock hanging from his mouth.

"You are positively evil, Jeff." I laughed.
"Yes, isn't it a hoot." he smiled back, his eyes sparkling with merriment.

"Been wanting to get back at that Sonofabitch for years.  He was always a
pompous ass, that fucking title just made him worse."

"How did he get it?

"He took credit for the invention and design of the Frishon Gear.  It has
revolutionized the world of small electric motors.  Quite frankly the fucker
could not invent a hole to piss in, even if he had a shovel.   The prick stole
that design from one of his slaves, I'd stake my life on it."

"He had friends high up in the Government and they submitted his name to her
Majesty for Knighthood.  Everyone has had to address him as Sir George ever
since.   That is why we were all so tickled when you renamed him."

Tweebles was still making his way through the guests.  All of a sudden Max
appeared right in front of him.   Even from where we were sitting we could hear
the threatening growl Max made.

Tweebles stopped dead in his tracks.  Max advanced slowly, still growling.  The
entire room was now aware of Max's aggressive approach and the room became
deadly quiet.    As the only sound in the room now, Max's growls became very
loud.   Everyone watched fascinated, waiting to see what was going to happen.

Steven bent over and whispered in my ear.

"Sir George was not very nice to Max.   Treated him pretty badly on a number of
occasions.   I suspect that John is going to let Max do whatever the hell he
wants.   Should I intervene, Sir?" 

"No!"  I whispered back.   "Let it play out and see what happens.   If it looks
like someone might get seriously hurt we can stop it."

Max moved right up until he was looking Tweebles in the eye, only a nose length
away.  Suddenly he lifted his head and spit.   A large glob of spittle hit
Tweebles right between the eyes.  Before Tweebles could get the spit out of his
eyes Max quickly made his way around to Tweebles ass end.

At first I couldn't see what it was he was doing but the sudden howl of pain
from Tweebles made it obvious.   Max had Tweebles balls in his mouth and was
biting down hard enough to cause pain.   At the same time he was pulling
backwards.

"Owwwww, owwwwww." Tweebles cried out.

No one moved to assist him.   We wanted to find out what the hell Max was up to.  
He kept tugging backwards and Tweebles kept howling out his pain.  The whole
damned thing was one big turn on.   My fucking dick had risen up and was pushing
hard against my pants.

Then Max did a most remarkable thing.  He lifted his head, Tweebles balls still
locked firmly between his teeth.    Tweebles whole back end lifted up off the
floor and he let our a shriek of pain.

"Aiiiiiieeeeeeeeee,  owwww, iiiiiieeeee."

Max then began to shake Tweebles back-end back and forth, just the way an animal
does when it is trying to tear a piece of meat apart.  

I was starting to get a bit worried.   Hell I didn't want Tweebles to have is
balls torn off.   Just as I was about to tell Steven to call a halt to this,
John moved up.    He wrapped a big hand around Tweebles tail and pulled hard.  
The tail and dildo that held it in place pulled away.

At that precise moment Max opened his mouth and let Tweebles back end drop to
the floor.   He was up about a foot and that is one hell of a drop when one is
landing on ones knees.

"Ayyyyiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeooowwwwww" Tweebles screamed out.

Max didn't pay any attention to the pain he had just caused.   He lifted himself
up and mounted Tweebles back.    In a matter of seconds his big, throbbing
dogslave cock was humping the shit out of Tweebles asspussy.

The whole room broke into applause, but not for long.   Clapping hands were soon
dropping to grasp throbbing dicks.  Love a duck but this was erotic.   Steven
dropped to his knees in front of me.  Quick as a flash he had me unzipped and
his beautiful warm lips wrapped around my throbbing cock.

Jeff was sitting beside me, his pants still open and his dick poking straight
up.   It looked so inviting I just couldn't help myself.   I bent over and began
to lick that beautiful, big, purple, throbbing cockhead.

In a matter of minutes every man in the room had paired up.   Many were now down
on the floor in the classic 69 position.   The grunts and groans of men rutting
soon filled the room adding to the already overly erotic feeling in the air.

Jeff must really have needed to empty his nuts.   Before I realized what was
happening he was popping his load.   I swallowed quickly and got it all.   I
then did a good job of licking him clean before sitting back up.

Steven was still working away on my dick and it felt so fucking good.  Guys were
in various positions all over the room.  Ass's were getting reamed and fuckpoles
were getting a good mouth massage.

John had gone down on his knees in front of Tweebles and had his fuckpole rammed
all the way down Tweebles throat while  Max was still humping away at his
asspussy. 

Man it was hard to believe that all of this came about because Jeff sent
Tweebles across the room holding that black jock in his mouth.   I was thinking
these thoughts when my nuts erupted filling Steven's mouth with dick snot.

My last shot was shooting into Steven's throat when Max and John both began to
fill Tweebles with nut ketchup.  It was amazing to watch the two of them drill
Tweebles mouth and ass.   They worked in unison, each plowing in and out at the
same time.

Steven cleaned me up and put my dick back in my pants and zipped the fly closed
then he disappeared.   You had to have eyes in the back of your head to keep up
with him.

A few moments later he was back carrying a drink for Jeff and I.    We both
thanked him and he disappeared again.

By this time most of the guys had shot their loads and were in the throws of the
after effect euphoria.    A couple were still humping slowly over in one corner. 
I couldn't make out for sure who they were but one looked a lot like Dave.

Max finally climbed down from Tweebles back and John had pulled away.    He bent
over and picked up Jeff's jock and stuck it back in Tweebles mouth.   I could
see him say something but wasn't quite sure what it was.   He then picked up the
tail and roughly jammed it back up Tweebles ass and gave him a good slap on the
right ass cheek.

Tweebles lifted his head up and started off for the bar again, the jock dangling
from his mouth.

When he reached the bar he tried to get Fred's attention, but it looked to me
like Fred was purposely ignoring him.   He finally lowered his head and let the
jock fall to the floor.   He raised his head again and barked a couple of times.  
Fred finally decided to pay attention.

Tweebles picked up the jock and raised himself into the beg position.   Fred
took the jock and Tweebles started to get back down on all fours but Fred said
something that made Tweebles adopt the position again.

Fred kept him that way while he served a couple of the Master's.    He bent over
and picked something up from under his mobile bar.   When his hand came back in
view I could see it was a dirty looking rag.

He jammed it into Tweebles mouth.   Tweebles turned positively green, then began
to puke.   The rag went shooting out from his mouth and vomit flew all over the
floor.

Tweebles looked sick.   He was pale and shaking like a leaf in a windstorm.   
Fred didn't offer him any sympathy what-so-ever.   He started yelling at him,
calling him a pig and a disgusting piece of shit.

He pulled a long riding crop from the side of the mobile bar and gave Tweebles
one hell of a whack across the back just above the tail-bone.    Tweebles
squealed out his agony.

Fred was now yelling at him to clean up the mess he had made, with his mouth of
course.   Tweebles was petrified and he bent over and began to lick up his own
filth.    However, that only made him start spewing again, which caused Fred to
yell at him again and give him another whack with the crop.

I was feeling sorry for Tweebles and had to fight going over and putting a stop
to this.  To do that would cause me much disgrace so I held back.   I was sure
Tweebles, as Sir George, had done much worse to many, many poor young men.

Fred was adament  that Tweebles would clean up the mess with his mouth and it
only took five more whacks with the riding crop to convince Tweebles that he was
serious.  

After the mess was all licked up and nicely stored back in his belly, Tweebles
was not looking all that well.

Fred gave a command and he got back up into the beg position.   Fred picked up
the rag that seemed to have caused Tweebles all these problems.   Fred said
something then jammed that rag back into Tweebles mouth.   Tweebles started to
turn green again, but got himself under control and dropped down onto all fours.

He crawled over to the door.   Gene was standing there, waiting.    Tweebles got
up into the begging position in front of Jeff's other slave.

Gene pulled something black out of his pocket and quickly pulled it over
Tweebles head.    It was a full hood with only eye and nose holes.   It had a
thick black collar attached at the neck opening.   As soon as it was on, Gene
pulled the ends of the collar together and  then clipped on and locked a
padlock.   Tweebles still had that foul rag that had made him so sick in his
mouth.

It was obvious that he was going to have to suck on that dirty rag for quite
some time.   He had no way of removing it and  he didn't dare puke again.    He
had a real problem and knew it.   

Gene then fastened a leash to the collar and led Tweebles out of the room.
"Where is Gene taking Tweebles?" I asked Jeff.

"To teach him a very good lesson, Harold.   By the time he is taken back to his
cell he will be a very good boy and I doubt that he will ever give you a hard
time."  he said with a smile.

"What exactly will they do?"  I wanted to know.

"Well, Harold, I am not sure you really want to know but here goes.   First that
rag he has in his mouth smells terrible and tastes even worse, that is why he
puked.   He now has it jammed in his mouth and no way to get it out.   He will
be chained out in the hot sun for about an hour, then Gene will take him for a
very long walk."

"By the time they get back, Tweebles will do anything in the world to get that
horrible bloody rag out of his mouth.   Down in the dungeon there is a large
phallus sticking out of the wall.   It is twelve inches long and two inches
thick.   It has a sensor built in to count how often it is rammed up an ass
pussy."  he said with a giggle.

"Tweebles will be required to fuck himself with that phallus one thousand times,
but must do it in an hour.   Now under normal circumstances that wouldn't really
be too bad, however, this phallus has a built in lube system.   As soon as he
starts to fuck himself it will coat the phallus with extra strength Ben Gay.  
It will burn his fucking hole something awful, but he will have to do it or his
punishment will be to stay on  the phallus for 5000 more fucks."

"That is kind of cruel, Jeff."  I said aghast.

"No it isn't Harold.   It is actually being very kind to him.    He has to learn
a whole new way of life and it is best to teach him hard right at the beginning.  
It will save him a world of hurt later on.  However, just say the word and I
will put a stop to the whole thing."   he said quietly.

"No, I trust your judgement Jeff.   But better not tell me any more right now." 
I smiled.

He gave a big laugh and placed a frail hand on my knee.

"You are a real wonder, Harold.  A real wonder."

"I am sorry Tweebles didn't get to eat your sausage for you, Jeff.   Perhaps we
can bring him back later today."  I offered.

"Think nothing of it, dear boy.   I enjoyed what I had and at my age I am lucky
to get off once never mind twice.  Perhaps tomorrow you could bring him on up.  
Not so sure he would be as good as you anyhow."  he winked.

I blushed, turning a pretty color of red, I am sure.   We chatted for a bit
longer until Fred appeared.

"It is time to get you ready for dinner, Sir." he said humbly to Jeff.

"Oh my but the afternoon seems to have gone by rather quickly, what."  Jeff
stated.

"Yes and it was a most enjoyable afternoon as well." I said.

Fred took Jeff off to his room.   Dinner was not slated to be served until 7:30
and it was only four forty-five so I guessed Jeff would have to have a bit of a
nap before dinner.

I went back to my room, lay down on the bed for a bit, but couldn't get
comfortable.   Steven opened the door and peeked in.

"Ah, hi there Steven what's happening?"  I asked.

"We just put Tweebles back in his cell.   He still has that mask on and they
won't release him from it until about eight o'clock.   Gene has him screwing his
own ass on a large dildo attached to the wall."

"Yeah, Jeff told me about it, sounds bloody awful."  I replied.

"It is.  I have had the Ben Gay treatment and don't relish the thought of ever
having it again."  he said.

"Pete and Larry will join Gene and they are going to bring Tweebles up to the
dinning room and make him beg for scraps around the table.   Should be rather
interesting." he informed me.

"Poor bugger.   Well I guess that's what you get when you piss in the
cornflakes." I said sadly.

"Yes and he is lucky it is you that has taken his ownership, Harold.   Many of
the other Master's would have beaten the crap out of him by now and I think
would then have sold him to an Asian Brothel."  he said.

"Do you really think so?"

"Damned right.   Tweebles only chance for a decent life now rests in your hands.  
If he isn't smart enough to see that then he deserves an Asian Brothel."  he
replied.

"Still and all I don't think we should be cruel to him just for the sake of
being cruel.   After all that is what cost him his Mastership.  If what they are
doing will serve a good purpose, then ok, but if they are doing it just for the
fun of it then I want it stopped, Steven."  I said seriously.

"Harold, over the course of the next few weeks, perhaps even months, you must
always show dominance over him.   He will eventually accept his position and
become submissive.   Remember he has been a very authoritarian Master for well
over 15 years.   He must be broken and learn to be subservient to everyone. 
That is what it is all about."  Steven explained.

"Well I don't see how stuffing a filthy, foul rag in his mouth and sealing it in
is going to make him subservient, but I am new to this shit.    I will try to go
along with whatever you guys think best, but remember no cruelty for the sake of
cruelty.   That I could not tolerate."   I replied.

"I will make sure that he is not treated in a cruel manner, Harold.   You may
not like some of the things he will be made to do but it really will be for his
own good in the long run."

"Fine.   Now we still have a couple of hours before dinner would you like to go
for a swim in Jeff's pool?" I asked.

"Your the boss, Harold.   If ya wanna go swimmin' we go swimmin' and I don't
mind admitting I could use a good swim about now."

"Let's go then." I said getting up off the bed.

We spent over an hour in the pool.   A few of the other Master's were there as
well and we got a great game of Water Polo going.

When I returned to the room Pat was there.   He had just come out of the shower.

"Hi Pat.   Where have you and Charlie been all afternoon.   I saw you when the
hearing began but you and Charlie were gone by the time I finished reading the
charges."  I said walking to him and putting my arms around him.

"We have a lot of important business to conduct and had to get to it.   You did
a good job with the charges though." he said, then kissed me.

"I hear you had some fun with Tweebles." he grinned.

"Yeah.   The whole damned thing turned into a kind of orgy."  I laughed.   "Wish
you could have been there."

"Yeah, so do I.   But there is just no time for fun and games.   We will be
spending two more days here and then heading home.   Charlie and I will be
cramming two weeks worth of work into those two days so I won't see much of you
except...... at bed time."  he grinned.

"Anything I can do to help?"  I asked.

"No, not really Harold.   We are dealing with very high finance right now.   You
will eventually be trained to understand it all but right now it would just
drive you bonkers." he laughed.

Dress for this evenings dinner was formal Master gear.   Steven had already
brought up a brand new outfit for me.   It was made of the finest, soft black
leather I had ever seen or touched.  

The trousers were crotch-less, but a pouch was attached to the waist band.   The
vest was cut much like a tuxedo jacket, complete with tails but minus sleeves. 
Under the jacket I wore a black leather harness that Steven had polished so well
it shone.   The harness all came together at the sternum, attached to an
engraved silver medal or buckle, my official Master's  shield.

For my head a black leather forge cap, very much like the one worn by Blackhawk
of cartoon fame.  For the hands a pair of black leather motorcycle gloves, minus
the leather frills.  To finish off the ensemble, a pair of high-top, highly
shone, black leather boots, complete with cleats.

When I was  dressed I went and checked myself out in the floor to ceiling
mirror.    My gawd but I looked good, a walking, talking, fucking hard-on.  My
dick stiffened in its pouch.   Great I thought, haven't even got down to the
dining room yet and I have a fucking hard-on.

"You look good enough to eat, Harold." Pat quipped.

"Yeah, don't I though!    Ya ain't half bad yerself, Pat." I replied going over
to him and giving him a kiss on the lips.

"I see your pecker is up as usual." he grinned.

"That's what you do to me, lover man."

"Well let's leave all of that until after dinner."  he said opening the door and
holding it for me.

Now you may find this strange but Pat was dressed in full formal Master's attire
as well.   It wasn't until just as we were about to enter the dinning room that
it struck me.   Fred and the other slaves, including Pete and Larry were dressed
in full slave dress.    Why was Pat dressed as a Master?    I was soon to find
out.

Cocktails were served on the patio just outside the dining room.  There were to
be at least thirty guests for this formal dinner.  All of the Senior Master's
that had sat on the Council would be present along with specially invited
Masters from the British Congress plus friends of Charlie and Jeff.

Pat and I headed straight for the bar.  He picked up a rye and coke, I picked up
a straight coke.

"You really must learn to doctor that stuff up a bit, Harold." Pat grinned.

"After all you are a Master now."

"Master, slave or just a guy on the street, I like my coke straight.  I don't
see why ya gotta take something that is so sweet and delicious and add something
bitter to ruin it."  I replied.

"You are hopeless, Harold."  he said, shaking his head in mock despair.

The dinner bell rang and we all headed for the dining room.   It was a huge,
formal dining room with two very large half oval tables placed opposite each
other forming a split circle with a hollow center.   The two splits allowed the
Stewards to serve each guest from the front rather than the back.  

The guests all sat around the out side edges of the tables.  Each place setting
had a little card with the diner's name engraved in gold.  As well, a large
board out on the Patio had shown where each guest was to sit.  I had been placed
with John on my left and Walt on my right and Max almost between my feet.

Pat sat almost exactly across from me, but at the other table on the other side
of the hollow.   Charlie sat on his right and Jeff on his left.  That seemed a
little odd to me, but I didn't really think much of it at the time.

After grace we all sat down.  A bell gave three short rings and a steward
appeared.  He was dressed in the finest slave fashion and carried a wine bottle
in his left hand raised to eye level and held straight out from the body.  His
left arm had a white linen draped over it and was held at a ninety degree angle
across his abs.

He marched around the entire table once, then stopped beside Pat.  He made a
little speech but I didn't catch all of what he was saying.   This was a rather
large room and it did not have super acoustics.  However I did catch Pat's
reply.

"I should be happy to make it's acquaintance."  he said lifting his glass and
holding it while the steward poured.

Now this in and of itself  was most interesting.   The Steward moved his right
arm, the one with the white linen, out and placed the neck of the bottle against
the linen.   Pat held his glass just a short distance away.  

The Steward then lifted the bottom of the bottle, the neck still resting on the
linen and poured a small amount into Pat's glass.

Pat swirled the wine around in the glass a few times, brought it up under his
nose and took a couple of sniffs.   Then he swirled the wine again and finally
lifted it to his lips and took a sip.

I could see him sloshing the wine around in his mouth, letting it role over his
tongue again and again.   Then he swallowed.

"I am most happy to make this wines acquaintance, please pour."  he said to the
Steward.

Pat placed his glass up and the Steward filled it, using the same method as
before.   As soon as the Steward began to pour, other Stewards filled the room. 
Each carried a bottle and had the white lined draped over the left arm.

They then proceeded to each guest.  The glass was raised by the guest and filled
by the Steward using the same over the arm method.    What a strange ritual, I
thought,  all of this just to pour a glass of wine.

Then it hit me again.   Why was Pat served first?   Why was he the one that
decided the wine was ok?   Strange, very strange.

A number of toasts were made, the first to the Queen, then to various other
guests.

Then the Stewards began to serve the first course, jumbo shrimp.    It was at
this point that Tweebles made his appearance.  He was on a leash, held by Steven
and dressed in one of the leather dogslave suits.

Steven brought him into the center area and stopped about two or three feet back
from the table.

"The dog is hungry, Sir." Steven said loud enough for the entire room to hear.

"Let him earn his keep."  I replied as Steven had instructed me earlier.

"Yes, Sir."  Steven replied.

He then bent over and unfastened Tweebles leash.   He stood back up and left the
circle.  Tweebles was now on his own in the center.

He looked at me and barked once.  I picked up a shrimp from my bowl, dipped it
in the shrimp sauce then threw it to him.

I watched amazed as he actually caught it in his mouth and began to eat, trying
to avoid dropping it on the floor.  Once he had chewed it up and swallowed he
moved over and stood in front of John.

He gave a bark.

"Beg dog." John ordered.

Tweebles got up into the beg position and barked again.   John smiled, picked up
a shrimp, took a bite out of it, then threw the remaining piece over Tweebles
head.

Tweebles tried to catch it but missed and almost fell over in the process.  He
righted himself and went after the piece of shrimp which was now laying on the
floor about ten feet away.  The diners all thought this was funny and laughed.

After devouring the piece of shrimp, Tweebles went back to the table, in front
of Ed this time.  Ed had him roll over a few times before throwing a shrimp,
which again landed on the floor. 

On it went as he made his way around the table.    Some would just throw him a
piece of shrimp, others made him do something degrading to earn it.  But one can
only eat so many shrimp and there was a whole meal to come yet.

The next course was a small fruit dish, with chunks of fresh fruit.   Tweebles
continued on around the table begging for a tid-bit here a tid-bit there.

The entire meal continued this way.   It was interesting to watch and it must
have been hell having to earn your meal this way.   But it was better than
bloody dog food or stuff from the garbage can.

I was convinced now having him beg like this was a good way to teach humility.  
It did no physical harm and he received a damned good meal in the process.

Apple pie with a slice of cheddar cheese and a large scoop of vanilla ice cream
was served for desert.   Tweebles was served his own plate.   It was placed
right in the center of the hollow so everyone had a great view of him trying to
eat it with just his mouth. 

I have to admit it was terribly funny.  He had ice cream and apple pie all over
his face.   He had turned scarlet from all the humiliation this had brought upon
him.  But he continued to eat until the plate was licked clean.

Just as he finished licking the last of his plate clean, Max appeared.   He
crawled boldly right up to Tweebles and looked him in the eye.   Everyone
thought Max was about to spit again, but good old Max, ever a dog, did just what
any dog would do.   He started licking the apple pie and ice cream off of
Tweebles face.   Well this started off a howl of laughed among the guests that
almost brought the roof down.

Max didn't pay the slightest attention to the racket being generated by the
guests.  His only interest was the ice cream and pie that coated Tweebles face.  
He continued to lick until Tweebles face was shiny and clean.    Still Tweebles
did not stop licking. 
He was licking Tweebles lips and trying to force his tongue into Tweebles mouth. 
Tweebles, however, was having none of it.  He turned his head away.   Well this
must have pissed Max off because he quickly had his head down between Tweebles
legs and sucked in those massive balls again.

Tweebles suddenly looked panic stricken.   He remembered the last time Max had
done this.  He didn't want to get lifted up and shaken by the balls again, but
what the hell could he do to stop it.   Not a damned thing, that's what, so he
prayed silently to himself.

Max had no intention of causing Tweebles any real pain.   He just wanted to
scare the shit out of him, so he gave a little tug to let Tweebles know exactly
who was boss around here, then he let go.

He went back to Tweebles mouth and licked his lips.  This time Tweebles opened
his mouth and let Max explore.  The guests showed their approval by a loud
clapping of hands and derisive shouts.

Max was having the time of his life, exploring the insides of Tweebles mouth.  
If it had been at all possible he would have stuck his tongue all the way down
Tweebles throat.   Tweebles on the other hand had been very reluctant, but Max's
persistence had finally begun to have an effect.

Tweebles was starting to get turned on, his dick had now become semi erect and
it was beginning to pulse.   His own tongue was now exploring Max's oral cavity.

Suddenly Max pulled away, looked up and began to growl.  A low, but deep growl. 
The kind of growl a dog gives as a warning to trespassers.   But what could have
brought this on, I wondered.

The answer was Twinky doggie.   Dressed in the new all leather outfit, Twink
entered the hollow.  Pete was standing at the entrance to the hollow watching
Twink slowly crawl towards the other two dogslaves.

Max began to bark and headed straight for Twink.

"Rrrrough, rrrrrough, rrrrrrough."  Max barked as he got closer to Twink.

The barks had scared Twink and he came to a halt.   I don't think he had been
expecting this kind of a reception.  What Twink didn't know was that Max played
the dog thing to the hilt.

Max went right up to him, still barking.  Twink just waited, I supposed to see
what would happen.

Max sniffed Twink's face and then worked his way to Twink's back end, sniffing
all the while.  The guests loved it and were applauding his actions.

When he got to the back end he sniffed a bit and then began to lick.  The guests
roared their approval.   Twink, always a quick learner started sniffing as well. 
It now became a sniff and lick match between the two of them.

Then suddenly, the ever alert Max stopped dead in his tracks, lifted his head
and began to bark.   He then hurried off to the other opening in the hollow.   I
looked over and was surprised to see..........Ben.  

Young Ben, the straight kid that had been given to Walt for his amusement while
he was in London.

Ben was in a Leather doggie suit as well, but he did not have a face mask or a
nose.   Fred was standing behind him and I could see was giving him
encouragement to enter the hollow.

Ben had been screwed by Max on the plane so he was not afraid of him.   In fact
he headed straight for him.

Max on his part, once he recognized the new dog, changed the tone of his bark.  
Instead of the warning/threatening tone he had been using it now had a happy,
puppy quality to it.

As soon as he reached Ben he began to lick his face.   Ben smiled and did the
same.   I figured he had been screwed so many times by now he was beginning to
really enjoy it.

Twink, abandoned by Max made his way to Tweebles.   He went to lick Tweebles
face but Tweebles turned his head away.  The guests booed him.   Twink
encouraged by the booing decided to try again.

Tweebles must have realized he had made a big mistake by turning his head away
from Twink's advance.  This time when Twink stuck out his tongue to lick his
face he met him full on and licked back.   That got him an applause.

So now we had four dogslaves in the hollow getting it on and I was sure that the
thirty or so men sitting around this table were also getting it on, a hard on
that is.   I know my dick was pushing hard against my leather thong.

The Stewards returned and placed a small glass bowl in front of each person at
the tables.   I had no idea what they might be for, after all the meal was over. 
I leaned over and whispered to John;

"What are the bowls for, John?"

"To cum in.  We will have a circle jerk in just a few moments.   Watch Pat and
do what he does."  he whispered back.

A circle jerk!  

What next? 

They had some funny customs at these Master's events.    But hell it sure
sounded like a lot of fun.

A roar of applause filled the room. I had been watching Twink and Tweebles so
had missed Max climbing up and mounting Ben.  

Max getting all that applause was all the incentive Twink needed to mount
Tweebles.   I could see, from the look on his face, that Tweebles was not happy
with this turn of events, but there was not a damned thing he could do about it.

Twink had become very good in the doggie role.   It didn't take him more than a
few seconds to get his hard, throbbing dick up Tweebles love hole.

The four dogslaves rutting was the cue that Pat had been waiting for.  He stood
up and removed his thong.   His dick, fully erect popped up and he wrapped a
hand around it.

"Milking time, gentlemen."  he said as he began to wank his rod.

Everyone one stood, removed their thongs and began to wank.   Every single man
at the table had a throbbing hard on.

Well there was one exception.   Jeff did not get up, he was much too frail to be
able to do it.   But he sat there, his eyes twinkling as he watched everyone
else pull their pud.

The room was full of the sound of men grunting and groaning their pleasure.   I
also noticed a very distinct smell of male musk.  Must be all that precum I
thought.   Oh, shit.   Just think, all that beautiful, sweet precum going to
waste.  What a shame.

  In the hollow, Max and Twink were humping the shit out of Ben and Tweebles.  
Ben had a look of ecstasy on his face and Tweebles ..........., well it may not
have been a look of ecstasy, but it certainly was one of pleasure.

I moved my free hand to John's leather covered butt and rubbed.  He looked at me
and smiled

"I suppose butt rubbing is not allowed."  I said when he looked at me.

"Nope, rub away to your hearts content." he replied with a smile.

John also explained that when it was time to blow my load I had to make sure I
caught it all in the little glass bowl.  I couldn't imagine why they wanted to
collect it, but if that is what they wanted that is what I would do.

When I finally came I caught all of my male juice in the little glass bowl.  
All around the table other guys were doing the same thing.   The last guys to
come were Max and Twink and they both unloaded into Ben and Tweebles
respectfully.

Two slaves entered the hollow.  The first had a spatula in his right hand.  The
second was  carrying a large glass jug.  The first slave walked over to Pat,
picked up his glass bowl and dumped it's contents into the jug.   He used the
spatula to scrap every last drop of Pat's cum into the jug. 

They continued around the table until they had collected all the cum from each
guest.  The jug was almost filled to the top when they got back to Pat. 

They both then moved up in front of Pat. 
The slave holding the jug lifted it above his head and said:

"Sir, I pass to thee The Nectar of the God's."

He lowered the jug and handed it to Pat.  Pat took the jug and raised it above
his head.

The two slaves quickly departed.

"Gentlemen, The Nectar of the God's."  Pat said out loud.

Everyone repeated his words.

"The Nectar of the God's."

"Master Harold, please rise."  Pat ordered.

I stood up, wondering what the hell was going to happen now.   I hoped to hell
they weren't going to make me drink all that cum.   Hell my stomach was stuffed
from dinner.

"Approach the head, Harold."  Pat ordered again.

I assumed he meant for me to go to him.   I moved out from my position and
entered the hollow.    I went forward and stopped in front of him.

"Master Harold, The Nectar of the God's."  he said lowering the jug and handing
it to me.

I took the jug and did what I supposed was the correct action based on what I
had seen so far.

I raised the jug above my head and called out:

"The Nectar of the God's."

The entire group repeated the words again.   Pat smiled at me.   That made me
happy because it meant I had done the right thing.

"Master Harold, as the newest member of the World Master's Congress, you must
choose the repository for The Nectar.  Name the repository and he will be
brought into the circle and prepared to receive the Nectar."  he said.

Whom should I choose?   I had no idea.   I looked at him with confusion in my
eyes.  He looked at me and mouthed the word, Tweebles.

I understood right away and said out loud:

"Tweebles shall be the repository for, The Nectar of the
God's."

"Master Harold, deliver The Nectar to the repository."  Pat called out in a
monotone.

I turned, still holding the jug above my head and began to walk towards
Tweebles.   Two slaves had entered the hollow and were also making their way
towards Tweebles.   He had a look of horror and disgust on his face.  I couldn't
understand why he should feel that way.   If it weren't for the fact I was
stuffed I would be only too happy to drink all this wonderful cum.

The two slaves and I arrived in front of the now red faced Tweebles at the same
time.   A slave went to each side, grasped him under the arms and lifted him up.

I was still holding the jug above my head and said out loud:

"Tweebles, you have been chosen to be the repository for, The Nectar of the
God's."

The slaves continued to hold him as I lowered the jug.  I brought it to his lips
and tilted it.  He began to drink.    He had every sign of being totally
humiliated but he drank.   It was slow going, there was a lot of cum in that jug
and I had to be careful not to spill it by forcing too much into his mouth at
once.

From the way things had been handled so far spilling any would most likely cause
a whole load of trouble.  Tweebles realized that as well because he was very
careful to swallow it all.  Hell he must have been involved in these sorts of
games himself when he was a Master.

After Tweebles had  drunk the contents, one of the slaves let him go, pulled out
the spatula and proceeded to squeegee down the sides of the jug.   I was
surprised by how much had stuck to the sides.    I then put the jug back to
Tweebles lips and tilted it up.

The dregs ran down to his mouth and he drank.   The slave put the spatula back
into the jug while it was tipped to Tweebles lips and proceeded to squeegee the
last of the dregs to his lips.

I pulled the jug back and the slave brought the spatula to Tweebles lips and had
him lick it clean.   He then turned to me and said:

"Sir, The Nectar of the God's is now safely enclosed in the repository."

I took the jug back to Pat and said the same thing.

He took the jug, held it up for all to see and said:

"The nectar of the God's has been safely deposited in the repository."

Everyone repeated the words and then broke into loud cheering.

"Thank you Master Harold for your assistance." Pat said.

I turned and returned to my place at the table.   The jug bearer slave moved to
Pat and took the jug, then left the circle.

We all sat down and a fresh round of wine was served.   A whole series of boring
toasts and speeches followed.   Throughout, Pat spoke with authority and during
his speech he said:

"I am Grand Master, I set the rules and everyone follows them.   Sir George
thought he was above the World Master's Congress and above me.    Let his
punishment be a warning to any other Master that feels they are above the
Congress.   Punishment will be swift and severe."

The Grand Master and rule setter?   Oh did I have a barrel full of questions for
him when we got back to our room.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment.  Acts
described are pure fantasy on my part and should not be attempted by anyone that
does not know what the hell they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter was run through the MSWord2000 spell checker.   I
have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct, however this
story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for slang and
street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker dictionary.   As
well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an English major.  
If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I would suggest you go
to your favorite book store and buy a story by a professional writer.   You get
what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  



A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 47

I Wanna Go Home

"Now what is this about you being the, Grand Master?"   I asked Pat outright
when we got back to our room.

"Sorry Harold, but I just could not tell you before tonight."  he replied.

"But what does it all mean?"  I asked in confusion.

"Well Harold, to put it bluntly, I am the boss.   I met Charlie ten years ago, I
was twenty and looking for new thrills.   You see Harold, I am very, very
wealthy.   I can indulge in anything that my heart desires."  he explained
looking me dead in the eye.

"One of life's greatest thrills is to be able to control others.   Oh I was able
to manipulate and have a certain amount of control over my employees, but it was
not the ultimate.    Not complete, not total control."

"Then I met Charlie and he introduced me to the world of Master's and slaves.  
I was astounded by the idea.   It was actually possible to own other men.   To
make them bend to my will."

"The World Master's Congress consisted of Charlie, Jeff and a few others spread
around Great Britain, Canada, Australia and the US.   They had nothing except a
few slaves that they traded back and forth.   It really was a very poorly
organized and sloppily put together organization."  he said with a look of
distaste.

"I changed all of that.   I used my own money to set up an organization that is
now stronger than most governments.   There are rules and everyone follows those
rules or suffers the consequences.

The Congress consists of over ten thousand Master's world wide.  There are
elections every five years to elect a Senior Magistrate.  Each country and a few
very large cities have their own Master's Congress, but each is a part of the
World Congress and operates by World Congress rules."

"When I went about setting this thing up I built in a provision that makes me
the Grand Master for life.  Upon my death that title will cease to exist and the
Senior Magistrates of the World Congress will become the Board of Directors and
the Chairman of the Board will be the  Senior Magistrate.   He will be elected
from among the Senior Magistrates."

"Only the Master's and a few Senior slaves know my real title and authority.   A
few of the other slaves may have guessed that there is something special about
me, but they don't know exactly what it is."

"I use the slave thing for a very good reason, Harold.   It opens doors to areas
of the organization that would otherwise be closed to the head man.    Have you
ever noticed how employees will all sit up a little straighter, work a little
harder when the boss walks in the door.     They put on a front, trying to
impress the boss.   Well I don't want or need to be impressed.   What I need is
to be able to see exactly what is really happening within the organization.   As
a slave it is much easier to find out.

"The Congress currently owns a controlling share in a large number of
Multinational Corporations.  The profits from these Corporations now fund the
Congress.   Each Master receives an equal share of those profits to run his
organization.   You also receive a share and it is a considerable amount of
money."

I stood there stunned as he went on and on about the World Congress.   I was
wondering where I fit in this picture.  From what he was saying, everything that
had happened to me so far was done with his approval.  

He had told me he loved me, but he had permitted all those rotten things to be
done to me.   All the pain I had suffered, all the degradation.   When he sat
with me and comforted me, it was a shame.   He was allowing it to happen.

Tears filled my eyes.   I was losing the only person I had ever loved, other
than my mother.   How could this be?  

"Why?  I suddenly said out loud.

Pat stopped talking and looked at me.  It was now his turn to be confused.

"I am sorry, Harold.  What did you say?"

"Why?"  I cried.  "Why did you permit Charlie to do all those horrible, painful
things to me?   You told me you loved me, yet you let all of that happen."

He looked stunned for just a moment, then he shook it off and came close to me.

He took me in his arms and pulled me close.

"Harold I do love you.   I fell in love the moment you walked into the bar on
Kelly Street.    I don't know what it was but something about you caused my
heart to flutter.   I was not really aware that it was love at the time, but I
knew I had to get to know you."

"But you let Charlie and the others beat and rape me and did nothing to stop it.  
I don't call that love, Pat."   I blubbered.

"Charlie and the others were just having a bit of fun.    That is part of the
control thing I was talking about.   I was not fully aware that I was in love
with you at that point.   It was just something about you caused a stirring
inside."  

"I did not take part in the beating, Harold.   I am really very sorry I allowed
it to go that far."

"When you blacked out I had them move you to an alley and call for an ambulance.  
It was when Pete picked you up off the table that I realized there was something
very special about you.  I then did something I have never done before, I stayed
with you out in the alley.  I didn't leave until you were safely in the
ambulance.   As it pulled away I felt this burning need to be with you.  When I
got back to the bar I told Charlie that I wanted you in the organization."

"What about all the other stuff.  The whipping?   Got a good excuse for that? 
Making me eat garbage.   Got a good excuse for that.  Making me suck dog cock
and lick dog ass.   Got a good excuse for that?    Letting Killer ram that stir
stick up my dick.   Got a good excuse for that?"   I was getting myself into a
real tether.

"Whoa, whoa there." he said quietly.

"Ok, I let all of that happen.   I know I should have stopped some of it but
Harold I wanted you.   I wanted you as an equal, not as a slave.     When we
first took you, you were very submissive.   Charlie assured me that they could
toughen you up.    He assured me that you were one of the finest candidates for
a Master that he had seen in a long, long time."

I stared into his eyes as he told me this.   I could see that he was being
totally honest with me.

"Some of the things he did to you hurt me just as much as they did you.   When I
found out that Ed Granger had made you suck his dogs cock and lick it's ass I
was ready to kill the sonofabitch.   But again Charlie assured me that it was
all part of toughening you up."

"Well I don't know about toughening me up, but it sure made me puke my guts
out." I said looking him in the eye and then breaking into hysterical laughter.

We laughed for a few minutes.   Then Pat cleared the air.

"Harold, it was imperative that you become a Master.   That was impossible as
long as you were a wimp.   I love you Harold, but I would not be able to really
show you that love if you were a slave.  I can only do that if we are equals.

Very few of the other Master's would  have approved of me treating a wimp as an
equal.  My position dictates that I not only be strong but also be seen to be
strong.   Impressions are very important. I will get obedience and respect only
as long as I am strong, if I show weakness they would throw me out in a flash. 
Do you understand that Harold?"

I thought about his words for a moment and had to admit he was right.   He was
the head of a very, very powerful organization.   None of these guys would ever
accept a weak leader.

"Yes, Pat.   I do understand and I forgive."  I said.

"Thank you Harold." he said pulling me close.

We kissed deeply, our tongues searching, exploring, making us one.   His arms
were moving up and down my back as mine were up and down his.

My hands found his firm bubble butt and pulled him in close.   I could feel his
hard-on through the thongs.   It felt so good to be in the arms of the man I
loved.    It felt even better to know that he loved me as deeply as I loved him.

His hands found the fastener for my thong and it fell away releasing my
throbbing dick.   Not to be outdone, my hands soon had his off as well.   Our
hot, throbbing cocks were now rubbing together as we grasped each others butts
and pulled in.

We sank to the floor, lost in each other, out tongues  buried deep in each
others mouths.   We remained like that for gawd only knows how long, it must
have been more than an hour.

As we kissed our hands roamed and played with each others bodies.   We both
finally reached the point where we had to do something about our throbbing
dicks, which were smearing precum all over the fucking place.

We swiveled into the classic 69 position and began to make love to each other
orally.   Up to this point I'd had many lovers.   Some like Steven were experts
with their mouths.   But none can compare with the one you truly love.

After we had both cum we lay for a bit letting our systems return to normal.  I
had squirmed back up so we were lying head to head.    I turned, got up on one
elbow and gave him a kiss on the lips.

"I love you more than anything else in the whole world, Pat."  I whispered as I
gave him another kiss on the lips.

"I love you too Harold."

"When will we be returning to Canada?"  I asked.

"Day after tomorrow."   he replied.

"Want to get back do you?" he murmured.

"Yes.   The time here in London has been fun but I really would like to get home
for a bit."

"Harold, remember the Gay Pride parade that you were supposed to take part in?" 
he asked.

"Yes." I replied.

"Well Charlie had registered four participants.   You are no longer a slave so
will not be one of the slavedogs.   As well, we have taken note of what you said
about Carl, (Twink).   He will not attend the parade as Twinky doggie.   In fact
we will not be placing him in doggie mode for quite a while.   You were right,
he does need a break and he is underage.   When we get back home I will arrange
for him to get the rest of his schooling.   There is an excellent boys boarding
school in Muskoka."  He said with a smile.

"Thanks Pat.     But what are you going to do about the parade?" I asked.

"Well now Harold that is an excellent question.    Charlie thinks it will be an
excellent opportunity for you to really show your stuff.   I agree, so we are
going to leave it up to you to train the replacements.   One of them could be
Tweebles if you like, the other would have to be a brand new slave."  he said
seriously.

"Oh, shit.   You guys are doing it to me again."  I said, sitting up.

"Yup.   Ain't it grand to be loved." he laughed.

"Bastard."  I jibed.

"Ok, I can get Tweebles ready, that shouldn't be difficult at all.   But where
the hell am I going to get another slave?"

"Mmmmm...why don't you go up to Queen Street when we get home and grab the first
young jock that comes along." he asked with a grin.

"Oh, sure.   I can just see me doing that."  I replied, hoping he wasn't
serious.

"Perhaps you can," he giggled,  "but I can't.   However, it just so happens that
a certain Lord Standish, has a son that is a bit of a lay-about and has started
to get into the drug scene.   Lord Standish thinks his son could do with some
solid slave training.    How would you like to take that on.   It could mean a
considerable number of seniority points if you do a good job and it would solve
the parade problem."  he said looking me in the eye.

"I really am not going to have much choice here, am I?"  I replied.

"To be honest, Harold.  No."  he said with a grin.

"Ok, I will take the little fucker on, but his fucking title goes out the damned
window.   No special favors or treatment, right?"  I asked.

"Right. If you require assistance Pete and Larry will be available.   You also
have Steven."  he said.

"Thanks Pat." I said and then my brain went into overdrive.  "I also have
Tweebles."

"Tweebles!"  he exclaimed in surprise.

"Yup.   I am going to get Tweebles on side by giving him some authority.    He
can help us train the new kid.   Why not.   Shit he has plenty of experience and
he loves to torment slaves."  I replied.

"Oh yes Harold, spoken like a true Master.   I fucking knew you would be great." 
he laughed as he grabbed me and pulled me to him.

We fell asleep right there on the floor, wrapped tightly in each others arms.

I was still on the floor when Steven woke me around seven thirty, Pat was
already gone.  After my usual morning routine, a shower, shave, and enema I
headed down to the dining room for breakfast.

After breakfast Steven and I went down to the dungeon to talk with Tweebles.  
He had already been fed and watered and was in the center of his cell, down on
his knees in the rest position as we approached.   He was learning fast.

"Good morning, Tweebles."  I said brightly.

"Good morning, Master Harold, Sir." he answered keeping his head down.

"We will be heading for Canada day after tomorrow.   When we get there you will
go into training for the Toronto Gay Pride parade which will take place on the
Canada Day weekend."  I said.

"Yes Sir." he replied with anything but enthusiasm.

"If you do a good job, I will give you your name back, minus the, "Sir", shit.  
We don't recognize British titles in Canada anyway.    Mind you, anytime you go
into doggie mode you will be known as Tweebles."

"Thank you, Sir."  he replied, again with very little enthusiasm.

"Steven make arrangements for Tweebles to have a couple of hours in the gym and
another couple in the pool."

"Yes, Sir." he replied.

"I will be back to see you later today." I said to Tweebles.   "Enjoy yourself
in the gym and pool.   You will find that if you behave yourself you will have a
much better time of it.   Misbehave and punishment will be fast and sure,
believe me."

Steven and I then headed upstairs.   Fred informed me that Lord Standish had
called and would like us to pick his son up as soon as possible.

He had confined the boy to a cell in the dungeon at Standish Hall.   It turns
out that Lord Standish is a Master and member of the British Congress.   He is
also very unusual in that he is married.

Jeff provided a limo for Steven and I.   He also provided what he called a
Lorry, what we call a truck, to transport the boy.

"No more first class travel for that little bastard." Jeff said.

"His parents gave him everything he wanted.   Never had to work a day in his
life.   Now he expects everything to be handed to him on a silver spoon.    But
his father lost his tolerance when it came to drugs.    You will have to be very
severe with him Harold.   It is for his own good."   Jeff explained.

"Yes Sir.   I am getting the feeling this will be a very tough assignment."  I
replied.

The trip to Standish Hall was very pleasant.   The driver took us by back roads
so we had a chance to see some English countryside.  

Standish Hall was anything but a hall.   It was huge and looked more like a
midevil castle then a Lord's home.

Two footman, dressed in period costume met the limo and opened the doors for us. 

"Welcome to Standish Hall, Sir."  The one that opened the door for me said with
a smile.

"Thank you." I replied.

"Right this way, Sir." he said again, leading us to the main doors.

The doors were massive and arch shaped.    I guessed they were made of oak and
had been intricately carved with demon faces.   At least that is what it looked
like to me.

One side of the massive doors opened as we approached.   A butler, a proper
English butler, met us and ushered us into the mansion.

"This way, if you please, Gentlemen." he said as he led us into a small room
that had some very comfortable looking chairs.

"Please make yourself comfortable whilst I inform his Lordship of your arrival." 
he then turned and left us alone.

"Holy shit!  Have you ever seen anything like this before Steven?"  I whispered.

"No, Sir.   He is very big in the British Government and he is loaded.   Most of
the aristocracy have had to give up their mansions, but Lord Standish has
managed to keep his and shows no sign of poverty."  he replied.

The door opened and a tall, good looking man entered.

"Harold, so good to meet you.   I was beginning to think I would miss you
completely.   Names Richard." he said as he moved towards me his hand out.

We shook and then I introduced Steven.  He gave Steven's hand a perfunct shake
and then ignored him.   Bloody British snob, I thought.

He then went into a long story about his wayward son.  He was afraid that if
left unchecked the boy would descend into hell and never be able to climb out.

He had finally been able to convince his wife that their son needed help
desperately or he would end up dead from a drug overdose.  He talked for a good
hour boring Steven and I out of our fucking minds.  However we hung in there and
nodded and agreed in just the right places which seemed to make his Lordship
happy.

Finally he suggested we go down to the cells and meet his son.   I could decide
then if I wanted to take the challenge.

It took almost twenty minutes to get to the cells.   The fucking place was huge
and the cells were three levels below grade.   However, unlike today's
construction, the stairways in Standish Hall do not go from floor to floor all
in one place.

We went from the ground floor to sub-basement one.   Then walked what seemed
like a mile to the next stair way and went down to sub-basement two, another
long walk took us to the stair way down to sub-basement three.  All the way, his
Lordship babbled on and on about himself and his illustrious family.  Sounded
like a bunch of fucking crooks if you asked me.

The kid, well he really wasn't a kid, at twenty-four he was older than me.  He
was sitting on a wooden bench in a cold, dank cell.  His feet had been shackled
and his wrists were cuffed behind his back.   They had also placed a leather gag
over his mouth.  

When the door was opened and he saw his father, he got up, but his ankles were
shackled so close together he couldn't walk.   He just stood there making
muffled noises through the gag.   I would have been willing to bet he was
calling his father all the choicest English words he could think of.

"This is my son Rupert, Harold." he said by way of introduction.

Rupert!  No fucking wonder the kid had gone bad with a name like that.   How
fucking cruel some parents can be without even realizing it.  Do you have any
idea how many poor fucking kids are running around with a name like Benji,
because their stupid fucking parents saw the movie and loved the dog so much
they named their kid after it.

Whatever would have possessed Richard to name his son Rupert, I wondered.   Was
that the name of his favorite poet?  More than likely his wife chose the name
because it sounded so fucking aristocratic.

In any case, Rupert it was and it was going to be very difficult for me to come
up with a name for him that could be more embarrassing.   I know everyone back
in Canada would laugh themselves silly when I told them his real name.

Rupert, like his father was tall.  He had to be at least 6' 2" and at a guess he
would weigh in at around one ninety.   They may have been concerned that he was
going to do himself harm, but his looks said he took really good care of his
body.   This boy spent a lot of his time in a gym and I would suspect he had an
excellent trainer.

His hair was dark, but sandy and he had lots of it.   A small tuft lifted above
the T he was wearing.    I know I have said this on other occasions, but this
guy was a walking hard-on maker.   I know because my dick was on the rise.   I
was really going to enjoy making it with him.

"Rupert, your mother and I have become quite worried about you and your extreme
behavior.    The Standish name is being dragged through the mud by your
insufferable behavior.    I have taken steps to put a stop to this once and for
all.   Master Harold is going to train you to behave.    You will spend at least
the next two years with him.   When you return you will be ready to take your
rightful place in the House of Lords.   To hold your head high as a Standish." 
he lectured.

"I am terribly sorry we have had to resort to this, but you left us with no
choice.   Good bye, son." he said.

He then turned away and left the cell.  I followed behind.   A couple of
servants were standing in the hall waiting for us to leave.   I assumed that
they would take Rupert to the van for transport.   Steven stayed behind and was
involved in the preparations.

An hour later we were in the limo heading back to Jeff's place.

"I think the one that should be in the van is his Lordship."  I stated.

"Yeah.   A real pain in the ass that one." Steven replied.

"So do we go ahead with the training or do we let the kid go?" he asked.

"Steven I have no choice what-so-ever.   Pat made it very plain that I would
have to train him and I would also have to succeed.    I wish I had known what
an asshole the father was before I agreed to do it.   Now we are stuck with it."

"Sorry, Harold.   Perhaps we can get the boy trained without doing any emotional
damage."

"Well we shall certainly give it one hell of a good try.    I have a suspicion
that the boy is either Gay or Bi like his father.   If that is the case we
should be able to accomplish the training with no problems at all."  I said,
hoping I was right.

Back at Jeff's we had Rupert placed in a holding cell.    I decided we would not
begin any training until we got him back to Canada.   I would try to sit down
and have a frank discussion with him before we left.

I had given instructions for them to unfasten his shackles and cuffs and to
remove the gag.   He apparently screamed and hollered obscenities for over an
hour.   He didn't give up until he finally realized that no one was paying the
slightest attention to him.

I waited until after lunch to meet with him.  He had been placed in a cell
isolated from the group of cells where Tweebles was being held.  Steven thought
it would be best to keep them separated for the time being and I agreed.

He was lying on the bare mattress that passed for a bed.  He was an extremely
good looking young man.   I would be more than willing to bet he had no trouble
finding lover's, be they male or female.

"Good afternoon, Rupert." I said as we approached the cell.

He jumped up from the cot and came hurrying towards the cell door.

"Let me the fuck out of here you Bastard.  I'll have the lot of you, including
that ass of a father of mine, charged with kidnapping. ........." he screamed.

He went on and on with his threats while I stood there patiently waiting for him
to shut up.   I leaned over and whispered in Steven's ear:

"Find us a couple of chairs, Steven.  I am going to let him rant until he is
ranted out."

Steven disappeared for a few moments, then reappeared with two folding type
chairs.  He opened them and we sat down.   All the while Rupert continued to
rant and roar.

He must have kept it up for over half an hour before it dawned on him that I
could care less about how he felt or what he would do to me if he could get out. 
He just suddenly quit in mid sentence, looked at me with hatred, jammed his
hands in his pockets and said:

"What is going on?"

I did not answer right away.   I just looked back into his eyes.   Not flinching
or turning away.   I wanted him to know I was not afraid of him or his threats. 
I kept the stare up until finally he could no longer bare to look me in the eye
and turned away.   That was the cue I was waiting for.

"Your father has consigned you to me for training.   I am Master Harold, until I
turn you back over to your father I own you.   You are no longer a free man, you
in effect are a slave.   I decide when you will eat, sleep, shit and piss.   You
have no rights, I will do with you what I want, when I want and you will obey.  
Failure to obey will result in a swift punishment.  Obedience will result in
rewards and privileges."  I paused for a moment to let this sink in.

He stood there a look of disbelief on his beautiful face.

"You can't possibly be serious."  he managed to croak out.

"Oh I am very, very serious Rupert.  You are now a slave and there is nothing
you can do about it except accept it.   The sooner you do, the easier it will be
for you."

"Well you and my fucking father can go straight to hell.   I am not a slave and
never will be.   You are a kidnapper and when I get out of this I will have the
whole lot of you charged."  he yelled.

I decided not to pay any attention to his ranting.    So I went on with what I
had to say.

"This is Steven, he will over see your training and all of your personal needs
such as food, water and permissions for you to dispose of bodily waste."

"You can't do this, it is inhuman." he yelled. 

"But Rupert that's just it.  Until your training is complete you are not human,
you are nothing.   You are lower than the lowest grub that ever walked the face
of this earth.  We can and will squash you for the slightest provocation."  I
continued.

"Rupert my first order to you as your Master is, remove your clothing.   Slaves
do not wear clothes."

"Go straight to bloody hell." he screamed.

"Steven." I said looking at him.

He nodded, got up and left the room.

"I truly am sorry you said that, Rupert.   You have made it necessary for us to
undress you, just like a little child.   As punishment for refusing to obey I am
going to have you placed in bondage.   If you continue to defy me the
punishments will get progressively more severe."  I explained.

"Fuck you." he yelled.

"That will be five lashes on the bare ass with a belt."  I said unemotionally.

He stared at me for a moment then thought better of responding.   So he wasn't
stupid.   He knew he was in trouble and had better walk slowly. 

I sat there quietly, watching him, waiting for Steven to return.   I knew that
he had gone to get Fred and Gene.   It would take the three of them to get
Rupert undressed and into bondage I was sure.

Rupert was still giving me a defiant look when Steven returned with Fred and
Gene.   As soon as he saw them he turned pale.  As I may have mentioned Fred is
quite a terrifying sight.  Rupert realized right away that he did not have a
chance in hell against them.

"Ok, ok I will get undressed, just keep those clowns the hell out of here." he
said quickly.

"Too late, Rupert." I said as Gene unlocked the cell door.

"The, "clowns", will do it and they may not be all that gentle either.  Just
don't ever forget that you brought this upon yourself."

The three of them entered the cell and headed towards Rupert.   He raised his
fists in the standard fighters stance, as he backed away from them.

"Throw one punch Rupert and I will allow them to beat the fuck out of you." I
called out.

He stopped dead in his tracks, looked at me, then dropped his hands to his sides
in defeat.    I felt like shit but it was my first success with a slave.   I
think under other circumstances we could have been very good friends.

Fred and Gene literally tore the clothes off his back.   All that remained was a
small pile of shredded rags when they were finished.  Tears of frustration, rage
and embarrassment filled Rupert's eyes.

He stood there stark naked, red marks forming at various spots on his pale body
from having his clothes ripped off.  In modesty he cupped his hands over his
genitals.

"Put your hands to your side shithead or we will break the fucking things off." 
Fred ordered.

Rupert dropped his hands to his side.

"Oh fuck.   You poor bastard."  Fred quipped,  "No wonder you wanted to hide it,
but shit it is so small you could have done it with one finger."

We all gave a laugh at Fred's little joke.  All except Rupert that is.   He just
turned a pretty shade of pink and tears began to fall down his cheeks.

Fred moved up close to Rupert and grasped and grabbed his flaccid cock.  

"Please don't do that."  Rupert begged through the tears and embarrassment.

"Why not?   We want to see this little thing." he said with a smile as he
wanked.

Rupert no longer had control of his dick and it began to rise.   It really was a
very good looking uncut cock.  Flaccid it hung about five inches between a pair
of large, low hangers.  As it began to rise I could see it would top out at
around seven inches when fully erect.   My mouth watered from the thought of
sucking on that beautiful tool.

Once he had Rupert's dick fully erect, Fred pulled his hand away.

"Not too bad.   Still a little small for my liking but I guess you'll pass." he
said.

"Now why not show Master Harold how well you can wank your dick."  Fred ordered.

"I can't do that in public."  Rupert said aghast at the very idea.

"Oh yes you can and you will or Gene and I will hang you upside down and beat
the shit out of your nuts."  he said with a grin.

"I don't suggest you try me either.   Believe me, we wouldn't hesitate to beat
the fuck out of your nuts."

I noticed Rupert was beginning to tremble a bit.    Reality was setting in.  
His right hand moved slowly to his now throbbing dick.   He wrapped his hand
around it and began to wank slowly.   Fred and Gene couldn't just leave it at
that, they had to rub it in.

"Oh yes faggot, pump your little dick."  Gene taunted.

"Ain't you cute standing there naked and wanking yourself."   Fred added.

Gene move around behind him and began to rub his firm bubble cheeks.

"Bet you would like to feel my nine inches up your pussy.    You would like that
wouldn't you Rupert?" Gene taunted.

"I am not Gay and I don't have a pussy."  Rupert shot back.

"Oh yes you do faggot."  Gene said rubbing a forefinger around Rupert's love
hole.

"Please stop." Rupert gasped.

But we could see that although he wanted Gene to stop he was enjoying the
wonderful feelings Gene was generating.

"You don't want me to stop, Rupert.   You want me to fuck your sweet virgin ass
pussy.   Now admit it Rupert.   You want to be ass fucked."

"No!  No!   Please don't do that I am not Gay."  he cried out.

"Bullshit, Rupert.   Look at your fucking cock.   It is throbbing even more each
time I rub your pussy hole.    And what about all those great feelings you are
getting.    Only a fag can feel that.   You are feeling them Rupert, we can
tell, you can not hide it.   You are a fag and I know you want to feel my cock
reaming your pussy."  Gene continued.

I was beginning to wonder whether the guys were actually going to fuck him or
not.    Steven must have read my mind.  He came over to me and whispered in my
ear:

"May they fuck him, Sir?" he asked.

I turned and whispered back:

"Yes.   But they are not to hurt him.   Make sure he enjoys it."

Steven smiled and went over and whispered in both Fred and Gene's ears.   They
both gave me a big smile.   Looked to me like we were about to have a gang bang.

Gene was still behind Rupert, he brought his right hand around and placed his
forefinger to Rupert's cockhead to get some of the precum which was now
dribbling out quite liberally.

I knew instantly what Gene was going to do.   His hand went back to Rupert's
hole and massaged it.    He brought his hand around three more times to collect
precum, lubricating Rupert's hole really good for that first finger fuck.   At
least I assumed it would be Rupert's first finger fuck.

Suddenly Rupert jerked straight up.   His hand stopped wanking and his eyes
seemed to almost pop out of his head.  He remained like that for a second then
let out a squeal.

"Owwww that hurts.  Please stop."  he begged.

"Stop being such a fucking baby."  Gene scowled.

He then rammed his finger into Rupert's hole again.   I could tell from the
movement of Gene arm that he was now finger fucking Rupert pretty rapidly.   Any
moment now he would insert a second finger.

I watched Rupert's face closely waiting for that moment when the second finger
would be inserted.   I knew from experience that he would stiffen up again when
that happened.

Sure enough he suddenly stiffed up and he eyes tried to pop out again.

"Oh gawd please stop, that hurts.   Leave me alone, please." he cried out.

Gene just giggled and began to work his two fingers around inside Rupert's love
canal.   Rupert may not have liked the feeling of the fingers, at least in the
beginning, but he ought to be thankful that Gene hadn't tried ramming his cock
up there without preparation.

I say that because while he had be working away loosening up Rupert's love hole
his free hand been unfastening his thong.    It fell to the floor and a monster
dick flew out.

I gasped when I saw the size of it.   Oh shit that fucking thing will tear
Rupert as apart, I thought to myself.

It had to be at least ten inches long and two to two and a half inches in
diameter.  It was cut and had a monstrous, pulsing, purple head.   My mouth
watered.   I would love to take that deep into my throat.

Gene pulled his fingers out of Rupert's hole and wrapped both arms around him.  
He moved his big throbbing dick up to Rupert's ass pussy and began to rub up and
down.

Rupert felt Gene's hard dick rubbing against his back door and began to panic.

"Please Master Harold, don't let him do this.   Please...... I am not Gay.  
Please don't let him fuck me."  he cried.

I felt pity for him but I couldn't stop this now.    He was going to have to
learn to take cock up the ass and this was as good a time as any to start.

"Just relax, Rupert.   You will like it.   If you don't relax it will hurt,
believe me.   We don't want to hurt you but your are going to get ass fucked
whether you like it or not."  I said trying to sound hard.

Gene picked that moment to ram his cockhead into poor Rupert's virgin hole.

"Ayiiiieee."  Rupert cried out in pain.

Gene paid no attention to Rupert's cries, he pulled his cock out then pushed it
back in again and again.   When Rupert stopped squealing, Gene pushed in a
little further.  It was a slow process, but Gene was remarkably gentle for such
a big man.

Once he had buried his shaft deep in Rupert's love canal he stopped and let the
canal expand and stretch.    When he felt it stretched enough he began a slow
and gentle fucking.   He found Rupert's prostate and made sure he hit it with
every inward thrust.

Rupert had never felt such a fantastic sensation before.   The initial onslaught
and pain had become a memory, he was now beginning to enjoy the fucking.

You could see it in his eyes and in how his breathing had changed.  It was my
considered opinion that Rupert was going to be a natural bottom.   He had a look
of total ecstasy on his beautiful face.  His right hand moved to his dick and
began to wank.

Steven decided this would be an appropriate time to let Rupert find out what it
was like to have a real blow job.   He got down on his knees in front of him,
brushed his hand aside and took the throbbing dick in his mouth.

"Ohhhhhhh yessssssss."   Rupert called out.

"Ohhhh yessssssss, so good, so good."

It was at that moment that I decided to call a halt to everything.    My own
training told me this would be an great time to pull a dirty o'nasty.

"Gene, Steven.   That's enough."  I called out.

They both stopped and pulled away from Rupert.

"No don't stop, not now."  Rupert cried out.

"Then beg, Rupert.   Beg Gene to fuck your ass and beg Steven to suck your cock.  
If you are not sincere they won't."  I ordered.

He looked at me with a stunned look on his face.    One part of him wanted it
all to continue while another part wanted it all to stop.  I was betting his
lust would over ride his pride and he would start to beg.

He brought his hand around and tried to start wanking himself but I put a stop
to that damned quick.

"You want to empty your nuts then beg."  I ordered again.

Rupert knew when he was beat and began to beg for relief.

"Please fuck my ass, Gene." he begged but there was not a lot of enthusiasm
there.

"Go to hell." was Gene's response.

"Please, Gene.   Please." Rupert was much more sincere this time.

"Why the fuck should I?    What do I get out of all of this?"  Gene responded.

"Your cock feels so good up my ass pussy.   Please Gene, I will do anything you
want, but please fuck me."

"You like being fucked faggot.   You are a faggot aren't you Rupert?" Gene
taunted.

"Yes Gene, I love being fucked.   I am a faggot, please fuck me."

Gene moved back up and grasped him around the waist and slowly pushed his big,
throbbing dick back inside Rupert's now not so virgin ass.

Rupert gave a big sigh of relief and the look of ecstasy washed across his face
again.  Once Gene was banging away at his ass pussy again, Rupert remembered
Steven.

"Steven, Sir.   Please suck my cock.   Your mouth is so wonderful, Sir.   Please
suck it."   he begged.

Steven looked at me and smiled.   I smiled back.   Oh yes, Rupert would be no
problem to train at all.

Fred fucked Rupert's ass until he unloaded.    Rupert loved the feeling of gobs
of hot male juice shooting up inside his ass.    He was also in pure ecstasy
from Steven's blow-job.   I doubt he had ever had his dick sucked like this.

Just when he was about to blow his load he tried to pull out of Steven's mouth.  
I supposed he had never had a partner that would let him shoot inside the mouth.  
The look of surprise on his face when Steven's hands shot up and grabbed his ass
cheeks to pull him back was priceless.

"Oh fuck that is so good.   Suck me dry, swallow my fucking cum.....yesssssssss,
yessssssssssss."  Rupert cried out as he blew his load deep into Steven eager
mouth.

At almost that precise moment, Gene began to unload his nuts deep in Rupert's
bowels.   Rupert was so engrossed with unloading his own nuts I didn't imagine
he was feeling Gene's hot man juice coating the walls of his rectum.   However
between Rupert's howls of ecstasy we could hear Gene's juices sloshing and
squishing, as Gene continued to hump unload his nuts.

The next hurdle for Rupert would be to get him to start sucking cock himself.   
With most straight guys just the thought of taking another man in your mouth is
a real turn off.    But I was still not convinced Rupert was as straight as he
was making out.    I had a feeling he had at least harbored the thought of
sucking a dick.

We decided that Fred would get the honor of being Rupert's first blow-job.

He was forced to get down on his hands and knees and crawl to Fred.   Fred had
removed all of his clothes and was sitting in a chair with his dick standing
straight up. 

Fred's dick was average in length, about the same as mine, six and a half and
about an inch and a half in diameter.

Rupert was shaking a bit as he approached.    He only had a look of mild disgust
on his face so it might not be as hard to get him sucking as I thought.

They made him crawl up to Fred until his face was only an inch or so away from
Fred's throbbing dick.

"Kiss it with your lips."  Steven instructed.

Rupert hesitated.

"Rupert I will give you one more chance."  Steven said.

"Fred's dick is clean and will not hurt you.   Gene's hand however, is like a
vice grip.   If you don't obey, Gene is going to wrap his vice grip hands around
your fucking nuts and start squeezing.   Believe me the taste of cock is much
preferable to having your nuts squeezed."  Steven said gently.

Tears began to form in Rupert's eyes again.   He leaned forward and gave Fred's
dick head a quick kiss.

"There now that wasn't so bad, was it?   Your still alive, didn't get poisoned
or anything."  Steven asked.

"No"  was Rupert's weak response.

"Now kiss it again only this time keep your lips there.   Let them feel the
soft, smooth, velvety texture of Fred's cock head." Steven instructed.

Rupert leaned forward again and placed his lips against Fred's cockhead.   He
obeyed Steven's instructions and kept his lips there.

"Now without pulling away open your mouth just a bit and stick out your tongue.  
Let it feel the head, to enjoy that feeling."   Steven coaxed.

Rupert followed Steven's instructions.   His tongue came out and brushed against
Fred cockhead.    Rupert must have liked what he felt or tasted because he
started to move his tongue around.

Before any of us realized what was happening, Rupert was licking Fred's cock
like it was a Popsicle.   Again Steven turned and gave me a smile.  This was all
working out much better than I could have every hoped for.

With in a very short time Steven had Rupert fucking his face on Fred's cock.   
Rupert was loving it, his cock had risen again and was dripping precum.

Rupert's first training session turned into an orgy.  We all fucked and sucked
the rest of the afternoon away.   I had been right about enjoying Rupert's dick.  
I loved it.

After we were all fucked out I signaled Steven to get Fred and Gene to place
Rupert in bondage.

"Rupert you disobeyed me earlier when I told you to strip.    You also were
disrespectful when you said, "Fuck you."  I said sternly.

He looked at me with remorse in his eyes.   I wanted to take him and hold him
close and tell him it was ok.   But I had to be strong.   Rupert had to be
trained to obey.

"At that time I told you your punishment would be bondage and five lashes with
the belt.    You will now be placed in bondage and will remain that way until
bed time.   But first you must take the lashes."  I said.

"Steven bring one of the chairs in here."  I ordered.

Once the chair was in the cell I ordered Rupert to bend over and grasp the back
of the chair and to spread his legs.

"Steven will administer the punishment, Rupert.   You will count out each lash
and say, "I must obey my Master".  The lashes will hurt but do not let go of the
chair or fail to make the count.   Five additional lashes will be added to your
punishment if you fail to meet these conditions."  I explained.

"Ok Steven begin."  I ordered.

I was feeling fucking terrible inside.   This was the first time I had ever
ordered another man to be beaten.   It was the first time in my life that I had
ever knowingly hurt another person.   But I kept telling myself that it was for
his own good.    Not believing a fucking word of it though.

The lashes went without a hitch.   Rupert screamed out in pain after each one,
but he also maintained the count and said the right words.   After words Fred
and Gene quickly put him into bondage.

It was not a heavy bondage situation, but one that was uncomfortable to be in.  
After a few hours of this he wouldn't be wanting to go back into it.

"In future you can avoid punishment by being obedient, Rupert.   But never
forget that if you disobey me or any of your trainers, punishment will be
swift."

"Yes, Sir, Master Harold.   I understand."  he replied.

Mmmmm I thought.   What a big difference from the raging bull that was going to
have me arrested for kidnapping a couple of hours ago.   I got up and left the
cell feeling really good about the afternoon session.

Outside the cell I waited for Steven.   Next we had to go visit Tweebles.   I
wanted to see how his day went.

He moved to the rest position in the center of his cell when he heard us
approaching.

"Afternoon, Tweebles." I greeted.

"How was your time in the pool and gym?"

"It was good, Sir.   Thank you, I needed the exercise.   Pete and Larry really
know their stuff"  he said.

"Yes.  They are both fitness nuts.   You will get plenty of opportunity to
exercise with them when we get to Canada.  You can expect to get two to four
hours everyday." I replied.

"Thank you, Sir." he replied.

"You won't have to beg for your dinner tonight.  You will be taken up to the
slaves dining room and will get to eat like a human.   But be warned, try
anything stupid and it will be a long, long time before you get treated like a
human again.   Understand?"  I warned.

"Yes, Sir.   I will behave myself."  he answered.

"Good.   I most likely will not get to see you again until tomorrow.   Have a
good night, I have also given permission for you to see the movie in the slave
lounge this evening.  That should help to pass the time before bed."  

I headed back upstairs with Steven by my side.

"Is he coming around or is he playing a waiting game?" I asked as we climbed the
stairs.

"Well to be honest Sir, I think he is playing a waiting game.   I get the very
distinct feeling he is going to try something."   Steven answered.

"Well if he does we are going to come down hard on him." I replied.  "Very, very
hard." 

Let's go for a swim before dinner, all that screwing has run me down." I said.

We headed straight for the pool and spent the next hour just relaxing in the
soothing water.   I placed a flutter board under my chest and just floated
around, thinking about all the things that had happened in the last couple of
days.

Hell I was now a Master and had the responsibility for three lives.   Shit this
is not what I wanted.  At the rate things were going I would soon have a stable
as big as Charlie's.

Did I want to become another Charlie?    Did I really want to be a Master?  
Well I knew the answer to that one.   An emphatic, No.    But I didn't want to
be a slave either.   At the same time I didn't want to give up this new life.  
Shit I was so fucking confused.

I was a way off in a dream world thinking about all these things when a hand
grabbed my ankle and pulled me under.   I had not been expecting this sudden
immersion and had not taken a breath before going under.

The hand dragged me further down.   I suddenly began to panic.   I did not have
enough air to stay down here more than a few seconds and the hand was dragging
me deeper.   I kicked out and the hand let go and I bobbed quickly to the
surface gasping for precious air.

A head popped out of the water next to me...........it was Pat.  

"Scarred the shit out of ya, didn't I." he said with a big grin.

"Nope." I lied as I gasped in lungs full of air.   "Saw ya coming."

"Bullshit." he said placing a big hand on my head and pushing me under again.

We played around like that for about ten minutes, then got out of the pool.  
After drying down we headed for our room.   We were both naked.   We didn't need
clothes at Jeff's, there was no real need for modesty in the house.

Back in our room I told Pat all about the afternoon session with Rupert.   I
gave him a quick run down on my thoughts about Rupert's training and how I
figured we would not have much trouble.   He had taken to being fucked and
sucking cock like a duck takes to water.

That news made him very happy.   I also explained about how Tweebles seemed to
be cooperating, but I had some doubts about how honest he was being with us.  I
then explained that strange feeling I had that Tweebles was going to try
something.

"You are most likely right, Harold.  I will have security tightened around the
place until we are on the plane.   I don't want that sonofabitch getting away
from us here in England.   He may have friends that would hide him."

"I have given the ok for him to have dinner with the other slaves tonight and
for him to watch the movie.    He has been cooperating and I think I must reward
him when he does."  I explained.

"That's ok, Harold.   Security will keep a close eye on him.   If he tries
anything they will nab him pretty damned quick and turn him over to you."

"Ok.   I hope he doesn't.  I don't want to order punishment, but will if I have
too."  I replied.

"I know you will, Harold.   You are a hell of a lot tougher then you appear.  
You just have to learn how to balance your tough side with your gentle side.  
Once you find that secret formula you will turn out to be one of the finest
Master's the Congress has ever had."

I blushed at those words.   I loved him so much and his words just made me love
him even more.

"Harold." he said looking me in the eye.

"I have a new Corporation I am building and I think it would be perfect for you. 
It has already cornered 50% of the market and I think with your guidance we
could eventually bring that up to 95% or more.   Do you think you are ready to
take on a business challenge?"

"I don't know, Pat.   I have never run a business before.   I haven't got a clue
how to go about it."  I replied.

"Oh yes you do Harold.   To run a business successfully you must have the right
people in the right places, we have that.   Then you must have the right product
at the right time, we have that.  Third you must have the right leader and
Harold I believe you are that leader."  he said in all seriousness.

"Well if you think I can handle it I will be only to happy to give it a try.   I
really would like to get back to working, Pat.   I enjoy working.   What kind of
business is it?   The only thing I really know is computers."   I said.

"Well it is right up your alley, Harold.   The company is, *******
Technologies."

I looked at him in total amazement.

"You have got to be kidding.   They make the finest puter hardware on the
market.    There is not another manufacturer that can touch them."  I blurted.

"That's the one and you can be the CEO if you want it."

"Do you really think I could handle it Pat?"  I asked with concern.

"Yes Harold I think you can handle it.  I wouldn't offer it to you if I didn't.  
I have spent six long years building it and I wouldn't do anything that would
put it in jeopardy."

"Well I will certainly do my very best.  I am sure you won't be very far away
should I run into difficulty or have questions."   I said warming to the idea.

"I knew I could count on you Harold.  It will take about two months for me make
all of the necessary arrangements for the transfer.   I will make the
announcement as soon as we get back home, that will give everyone in the company
time to adjust to the idea that there will be a new boss taking over."

Diner was a simple affair.   No special guests just those staying at the house. 
Afterwards we all assembled in the billiards room for a few games of Snooker.   
We were right in the middle of our second match when the an alarm bell started
ringing.

Fred hurried into the room and announced:

"Master Harold, Sir.   Tweebles had made a run for it."

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment.  Acts
described are pure fantasy on my part and should not be attempted by anyone that
does not know what the hell they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter was run through the MSWord2000 spell checker.   I
have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct, however this
story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for slang and
street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker dictionary.   As
well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an English major.  
If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I would suggest you go
to your favorite book store and buy a story by a professional writer.   You get
what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  



A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Part 48

Naughty Slave

The house was in a dither of excitement.   Apparently there was a plan already
set up to cover just such a circumstance.  The escape of an NC slave is a very
serious matter, particularly should that slave decide to run to the law.

However the chances of Tweebles running to the law were none existent.   He
would be seeking a safe house, there was no doubt in anyone's mind that he still
had loyal friends in England.  

The objective of the plan was to stop an escaped slave from leaving  the
property in the first place.   Jeff's house had not housed an NC slave in many,
many years.   Security staff was none existent.  Everyone in the house, Master
and slave alike, all joined forces to try to head off Tweebles escape plans. 

The first objective was to secure the grounds.   Tweebles had only been gone 
less than a minute when he was missed.   The chances of him having got out of
the building and off of the grounds in that short a period of time was very
slim.

Jeff had an electronic security system and it was on.   If Tweebles tried to
exit the property by any way other than the main gate an alarm would indicate
his position.   So one of Jeff's slaves was sent to secure the gate.

An organized search of the house was begun under the direction of Fred.   He was
the expert as far as this house was concerned and finding Tweebles was more
important then a Master worrying about taking orders from a slave.

Tweebles was eventually found, hiding in a large wooden box,  in a small storage
room not far from his cell.  It took two hours and forty minutes to find him.  
Fred's, methodical plan worked, but Tweebles had given us a good run for the
money.   The basement with the cells is the last place we thought he would head,
so it was the last place we searched.

It was Pete and Larry that found him and they returned him immediately to his
cell then sent word out that he had been found.   Everyone assembled outside the
door of Tweebles cell.

I was livid when I arrived.   I had tried to be kind and understanding and the
sonofabitch pulled a stupid trick like this.   I took the key from Pete and
entered the cell.

Tweebles was on his knees, in the center of the cell.   He had adopted the rest
position.

"You rotten bastard!"  I practically yelled at him.

His head was not completely down and I saw a small smile curl his lips.

"So you want to play fucking games, do you?    Well if it is games you want to
play then fucking games we will play.  We will start with 50 lashes of the
leather belt."  I spit out at him. 

I saw the smile leave his face.

"Fred."  I said as I turned towards the cell door.

"Yes, Sir."  he replied.

"That rubber cocoon suit you were telling me about.   Is there one here at the
house?"   I asked.

"Yes, Sir."  he said with a big smile, he knew exactly what Tweebles punishment
was going to be.

"Bring it.  This fucker is going to learn who is boss once and for all."  I
ordered.

"Yes Sir."  Fred answered with a big smile then turned and hurried away.

"Pete, Larry your help will be needed, as well as Gene.  Pete, I want the
bastard shaved, from fucking head to foot.   Don't leave a fucking hair anywhere
on the pricks body."  I ordered.

"Yes, Sir." Pete smiled.

"Gene, is there a tattoo machine here?"  I asked.

"Yes Sir."  Gene replied.

"Good.   Would you bring it please.   I want the word, "SLAVE" tattooed on his
forehead, in red.   Then I want, "Property of Master Harold",  also in red
placed on the back of his head.  Can you manage that?"  I asked.

"Oh, yes Sir.   My pleasure, Sir."  he answered.

"Good, see to it please."  I ordered.

"Yes, Sir." he replied, also with a big smile, then hurried off to get the
machine.

Man I sure was making a lot of slaves happy tonight.

"Steven."  I said, turning back towards him.

"I will wear full formal Master's leathers while I am administering Tweebles
punishment.  Would you please have them ready for me in ten minutes."

"Yes, Sir."  he replied and hurried off.

"Pete, Larry, after you have him shaved I want him strung up by the ankles. 
Larry get a water spritzer.   I want the sonofabitch wet when he gets his lashes
so they will sting twice as much."

"Yes, Sir."  now it was Larry's turn to smile.

Then I turned to Tweebles who was still kneeling in the center of the cell.   He
had not said a word or moved since I had entered.

"Tweebles, after I have administered the 50 lashes you will be placed in a
rubber cocoon.   You are going to be in that cocoon for approximately the next
forty-eight to seventy-two hours.  During that time you will be force fed water
at regular intervals to make sure you piss a lot.  You will also be given a
laxative mixture to make sure you shit and that it is runny.  You will be living
in your own filth for the entire period.    You will itch, you will sting, but
you will get no relief."

"You will be deprived of your sight, hearing and sense of touch while in the
cocoon.   A twelve inch rubber dildo will be forced down your throat and will
remain there the entire time.   Water and whatever the fuck else I decide will
be forced down the center of that dildo into your stomach."  I said angrily.

I could see that Tweebles had turned pale.   He suddenly realized that I was not
the panty flake he had thought.   He had mistaken my kindness for weakness and
was now going to pay a very hefty price.

"I am going to administer your punishment as a true Master, your Master.   Pete,
Larry and Gene will prepare you as per my instructions.   When I return I shall
administer the 50 lashes."   I said and then left the cell.

Jeff, Pat, Charlie and a few of the other Master's had all been standing
silently, watching and listening.   There was a look of respect and pride in
Charlie's eyes as I exited the cell.   

Well now, it looks like I have also made him happy,  I thought to myself.

No one said anything and I headed towards the stairs.   Another slave I had
never met before was pushing Jeff in a wheelchair.   Everyone followed me up the
stairs except for Jeff.   He was taken to an elevator and met us on the main
floor.

As soon as we were in the hallway up stairs, Charlie could contain himself no
longer.

"Oh, yes Harold, you are one hell of a Master.   I couldn't have done better
myself."  he said all smiles, his eyes sparkling.

He shook my hand, pulled me close in a big hug and kissed me on the cheeks.   I
hugged and kissed him back.   Then it was Pat's turn.   When Jeff joined us,
there was nothing for it but that I hug and kiss him as well, but he wanted to
be kissed on the lips and I obliged.

We discussed my reaction to Tweebles escape and everyone said I had done the
right thing.    The punishment was severe, but it met the infraction.   Tweebles
needed a solid lesson that I would not tolerate any misbehavior from him.   
This would certainly show him that.

Jeff insisted we all go into the den and have a quick drink.   It was going to
take the boys a while to get Tweebles prepared as I had instructed.  

"Besides it won't hurt to let Tweebles hang upside down for a while."  Jeff
said, his eyes twinkling.

That quick drink took at least an hour.   We had got into a discussion about
punishments and how effective various types were.   Charlie had explained how
forcing a new slave to eat slop from a garbage can would quickly strip away the
slaves pride.   I could attest to that. 

Then he got onto the subject of kicking a slaves food around the room and making
him chase after it.   He looked at me with mirth in his eyes the whole time.  I
must be perfectly honest here, I did not see anything funny about it at all,
although everyone else thought it was hilarious.

I was just about to make a disparaging remark about Charlie's ancestry when
Steven appeared in the door way.   He made a very slight gesture to me and I
knew that it was a reminder that I had a slave hanging upside down, in the
cells.

"Well if you gentlemen will excuse me, I must go get changed.  I want this to be
a formal punishment."  I said.

"Right, Harold."  Charlie agreed.

"Perhaps we should all go and change into formal Master attire to witness
Harold's first slave punishment."  he said.

All of the Master's agreed and off everyone went to change.

Steven had everything laid out on the bed and he had me dressed in less then ten
minutes.   I had a look at myself in the mirror, a big mistake.   Fuck I was a
walking hard on maker again.    One look at myself in all this wonderful leather
had my dick trying to force it's way out of my leather thong.

Steven didn't say a word, he just smiled.  But then I noticed his dick was
rising too. 

"Fuck, I am a walking, talking sex bombshell looking for a place to explode."  I
giggled.

"Oh yes, Harold.   One sexy bombshell."  Steven giggled back.

We headed out into the hallway, giggling, and then down to the basement.   The
other Master's were already there, even Jeff.   The area outside the cell had
that wonderful aroma of leather.    That set my dick to pushing even harder
against my thong.

Fred was standing beside the cell door.   The cell was empty, except for
Tweebles.  He was still in the center of the room, but instead of on his knees,
he was hanging by his ankles, his back to the cell door.   His legs were spread
about thirty inches apart.   His wrists were cuffed to the floor and also spread
about thirty inches apart.   He did not look comfortable, but at this moment I
had no pity what-so-ever for him.

Fred opened the door and I entered, Steven was at my side carrying the leather
belt that would be used to administer the lashes.

I walked around Tweebles until I was in front of him.    The first thing I
noticed was the big word, "SLAVE", which was now tattooed to his forehead in
big, bold, red letters.

"Tweebles you are my personal property.  This evening I arranged for you to have
a good dinner in the slaves dining room.   I also authorized you to attend the
movie.   You were placed in a position of trust and you violated that trust."  
I said loud enough for everyone to hear. 

The others had all remained in the hallway because the cell was much too small.

"You caused all of us concern and placed me in a position of acute
embarrassment.   You have only been my slave for a couple of days and you try to
escape.   What does that say about me as a Master?"  I asked rhetorically.

"This is a serious offense, Tweebles, and calls for severe punishment.   You
must learn once and for all that I will not tolerate this kind of behavior. 
Therefore I will now administer the first part of the punishment, 50 lashes with
a leather belt.   To be sure the lashes sting as much as is possible, my aid and
your overseer will spritze your back with water regularly during the lashing.  
Do you have anything to say before punishment begins?"  I asked.

Tweebles said not a word.   He just hung there looking pale and sick.    Too
fucking bad, I thought.   You brought this upon yourself, now pay the price.

"Spritze him, Steven."  I ordered.

Steven stepped up and began to spray water all over Tweebles back and bubble
butt.   When he had finished he stepped back against the wall.

I took up a position on Tweebles left side, raised the belt and let it fly.   It
struck Tweebles square on the right cheek of his beautiful bubble butt.   He
gasped in pain, but made no other sound.  

Pete called out, "One."

I had instructed him to keep count.

I raised the belt and brought it down again.  This one brought a muffled yelp
along with the gasp of pain.  I had laid it directly on top of the first one.  
A large, angry, red welt had formed and seemed to be getting larger.

"Two."  Pete called out.

By lash five, Tweebles was begging me to stop and asking for forgiveness.  I
paid no attention to his begging.   His ass had four bright read welts.   I
looked towards Steven and nodded.   He came forward and spritzed more water over
Tweebles back and buttocks.

I laid lash 6 across his lower back.

"Ahiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeee."  he screamed.

"No more.  Please Sir."  he cried.  "Please Sir, I can not take anymore.  Please
stop, I will behave myself."

I paid no attention, just lifted the belt and sent it down across his back a
little higher up.   On and on it went, each lash a little higher.  I had begun
to sweat.  I hadn't realize what hard work it was giving someone lashes.

By lash 20 Tweebles back was a series of red stripes all the way up to the
shoulders.    He was no longer screaming in pain, even though Steven was still
spritzing water after each fifth lash.

In point of fact, Tweebles was getting turned on by the lashes.    His dick had
stiffened, not fully erect but it was getting there.   Instead of screams I was
hearing little moans that were sounding more and more like pleasure moans. 

At lash 25 I called a break.   I asked Gene if he could get me something cold to
drink.   He left and was back in a flash with a cold coke.   It hadn't taken
Jeff's slaves long to learn my preferences.   

I chug-a-lugged almost half of the coke.   It felt so good on my dry throat.  I
took another long swig, placed the can on the floor and picked up the belt.

I moved to Tweebles right side to administer the last 25 lashes.  This set would
cross the first set.

By lash fifty I was really tired.   My arms were aching and I was soaking wet
from sweating.    Tweebles back was a mass of angry looking welts, but he had
not cried out in pain at all during the last twenty-five.    He had only moaned
in pleasure.   That did not impress me in the slightest.   

His dick was fully hard and throbbing.   Long strings of silver precum hung down
from the big purple head.    I was sorely tempted to lean over and take that
delicious looking cock in my mouth and suck to my hearts content.  It took every
ounce of will power I posses to turn away.

"Ok, you can let him down and get him into the suit."  I said to Steven.

While Pete and Larry let Tweebles down, Fred and Gene brought in the rubber
cocoon.  It was a really strange looking out fit.   Once laid out on the floor,
it looked like a deflated banana.

Fred fooled around with something and opened it up.   Attached to the inside was
a rubber suit.   Tweebles had to work his way inside the  suit.   Fred and Gene
assisted him.  Once he was in, I noticed that his dick, still at full erection,
protruded through a hole in the crotch of the suit.

The suit was a complete body suit, even his head fit into a built in hood.  
There were openings in the hood for his nose and mouth only.    Before the hood
was pulled on, gauze patches were placed over his eyes and taped in place.  

Then the hood was pulled on.   A clear plastic hose was pushed deep into each
nostril through the two nostril holes.  These hoses would provide his air while
in the suit.

Finally the 12 inch rubber dildo with the hole in the center was brought to his
mouth.   He was ordered to open his mouth but bulked.   Fred simply reached down
and squeezed his nuts, Tweebles opened his mouth instantly.

Fred then pushed the rubber cock all the way in.   Tweebles started to gag, but
Fred didn't waver.   The outer end of the dildo had flaps with Velcro.   The
flaps stuck to the outside of the hood, all around the mouth opening.

A half inch, clear plastic hose was connected to the nipple on the outside of
the dildo.   All of Tweebles nourishment would be provided through that hose.

It was now time to seal Tweebles in the cocoon.  Once it was sealed he would be
completely cut off from the outside world.   It was time for the final taunt.

"From what I have been told this suit is hell after the first 24 hours.   I hope
it is hell from hour one.   Each minute you spend in this suit remember that you
brought it upon yourself.  There are a few other things about this suit that you
should know about."  I explained.

"It has electrodes built in and these electrodes are in contact with some very
sensitive parts of your body.   Any time the mood strikes, I can send a current
down those wires and give you electric shocks.   You won't like it, but will not
be able to do a damned thing about it."

I then looked at Fred and said:

"Seal the bastard up."

Fred and Gene then did exactly that.   The cocoon had an interlocking seal.   It
took the two of them almost twenty minutes to get that seal together all the way
from bottom to top.   An air pump was then connected to a valve at the bottom
and the thing was pumped up.

Fully inflated it looked like a big, black,  sausage.   The two nostril hoses
exited the cocoon at the top and were connected to an oxygen cylinder.   He
would be given a mixture of oxygen and air while in the cocoon. 

The half inch hose also exited the cocoon at about the same spot.   It was not
connected to anything at this point. 

He would be given the equivalent of one glass of water every hour.   That should
keep his bladder working just fine.   The idea here was to give him diaper rash.  
Only this would be much worse.   It would itch and sting but he would be totally
incapable of scratching or doing anything to relieve it.


While I was looking over this big, black sausage,  I noticed a depression at
about the point where Tweebles crotch would be.

"What is that for, Fred?"  I asked.

"Remember I told you we could keep him hard.   Well you simply push your hand in
there and your hand will fit into a glove.   You will feel his cock and can play
with it and his balls, Sir."  he said with a smile.

I just had to try it and sure enough my hand fit right into a rubber glove and
there was Tweebles cock, still hard and throbbing.    I gave it a few wanks then
pulled my hand out.

"That is fucking awesome."  I said.

"Yeah.   Master, Jeff spent years trying to figure out how to put it all
together, Sir."   Fred said with pride in his voice.

"Well it looks like he did one hell of a job.   Have you attached the electrode
wires yet?"  I asked.

"No, will do that in a few minutes.   There is also a glove at his back end,
Sir.   If you want to fist him, you just use the same procedure.    Only don't
forget there is no lubrication yet.   Once he has had his first shit you can use
that for lube."   Fred said.

"Ok."  I replied.

"Well I think we will just leave him like this until morning.   If you guys want
to wank him every once in a while go ahead, but don't use the electrodes or fist
him."  I ordered.

"Steven make a schedule and make sure he gets his water and laxatives regularly. 
You will have to consult with Fred on how long we can safely continue the
laxative treatment.   Fred has already indicated that it is a very mild laxative
so he really shouldn't come to any harm."

"Yes Sir."  Steven replied.

I then turned and left the cell.

"That is one hell of a suit."  Pat said as I exited.

"Yeah.   He is probably the only person in the whole world that I would ever use
it on though.   I guess I am still really pissed at him for what he did to my
nuts."  I replied.

"Yeah, I can understand that."  Pat said placing a big arm around my shoulder,
pulling me close and giving me a deep, hard kiss.

My cock lifted instantly and was trying to escape the thong again.    I pulled
back slightly, looked him in the eye and smiled.

"Your place or mine, bigboy?"  I said in the sexiest voice I could muster, my
right hand dropping and cupping his thong.

"Lead on Laddie, I'll follow you to the ends of the earth."  he smiled.

We headed back to our room, but how the hell we got there I haven't the faintest
idea.   We were kissing and grouping each other like a couple of lust crazed
kids all the way.

I remember I stopped in the hallway at one point, got down on my knees and freed
his dick from the thong.    The need to feel it in my mouth became too powerful
to ignore.

Charlie and Jeff passed by and I heard Charlie make the comment:

"Even as a Master the kid is still horny all the time.   Shit he is going to
wear poor old Pat right out."   then snickered.

"That'll be the day, Charlie."  Pat replied.

"On your feet Harold before Charlie starts selling admission tickets."  Pat
laughed.

I regretfully pulled away from his big, throbbing dick and stood up.   My right
hand wrapped around it while my left arm went around his shoulder.   Somehow he
got us both to the room.

Inside the door I was back down on my knees in a flash.  I wanted that cock and
I wanted the feeling and taste of Pat as he unloaded his nuts into me mouth.

It didn't take long.   I had him all the way down my throat, luxuriating in the
feeling of being filled by the man I loved.    I had started humming to increase
the sensations he was feeling as I rocked his cock gently back and forth.

He was moaning in pleasure when I felt his dick stiffen up prior to ejaculation. 
My cue to start thrusting his dick all the way in and all the way out.   To suck
and blow and make him feel wonderful.

"Oh shit yes Harold, suck me.   Swallow my seed.   Oh fuck yes, yes, yes.   So
damned good Harold."  Pat gasped as he began to unload his sweet nut nectar into
my eager mouth.

Pat shot six full loads and a couple of minor ones.   I lapped it all up, not
missing a single drop.   When he was finished I licked and sucked on his dick
making sure I got any residue.  

He bent over slightly, grasped me under the pits and lifted.   I stood, we
embraced and kissed deeply.   Pats hand was now playing with my throbbing dick,
still encased in the thong and swimming in a sea of precum.

He found the clip and released my thong.   My dick popped up, happy to be free
it began jumping up and down for joy.

Pat finally pulled his lips from mine. He kissed me on the forehead and then
nuzzled into my right ear.  

"Ah, Harold you are such a good lover, I don't know how I ever got along without
you." Pat whispered seductively in my ear.

His words made me feel so good and my cock throbbed all the more.

Pat began to kiss his way down my body.   Even though I had stopped shaving my
body I still did not have much hair.   I was not a bear by any stretch of the
imagination unless you wanted to think of me as a bald bear.

The feel of Pats hot tongue on my sensitive nipples damned near made me blow my
load then a there.  He worked each nipple slowly, milking it for every ounce of
pleasure he could.   His teeth began to nip gently and I gasped in ecstasy.

While he was working on my nips he had been slowly guiding me towards the bed.  
Before I realized what was happening he had me flat on my back and his hot
tongue was working it's way across my abs to my button.

His tongue circled around the outside of my button for a bit, then suddenly he
plunged it in and began to suck hard.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh ohhhhhhhhh  yessssss, Pat.   Feels so gooooood."  I gasped out.

The fingers of his left hand were massaging my nuts, which were covered in slimy
precum from the thong.    It felt so damned good I couldn't believe it.

Then his hot mouth was there, licking along my throbbing shaft.   Licking precum
off the big, purple head.   

"Oh, oh, oh, yesssss Pat.  Oh yesssss."  I gasped.

Then his precum covered fingers were playing around my back door.  Oh, yes.  I
thought, he is going to mount me.   I loved the feeling of Pat's dick deep
inside my love canal.

Pat's index finger began to work gently around my rose bud while his hot tongue
and lips worked on my cockhead and shaft.   I was in glory land.

Then I felt Pat slide his forefinger up into my love shaft.   It sent a
wonderful thrill through my entire body.   He worked that finger around for a
bit, giving me all kinds of thrills.

I was breathing really heavy by this time and wanted to feel his cock deep
within me, but I knew I could not rush him.   He would take his time and I would
enjoy every second of it.

A second finger found it's way in and worked around, then a third and forth.  
Pat worked slowly, methodically, he wanted my sphincter loose so I would have
nothing but pleasure.

I finally couldn't take the wait any longer.

"Mount me Pat.   Fill me with that beautiful tool.   Make me squeal with
delight."  I managed to gasp out.

"You got it Harold." he said, lifting himself up and grasping my ankles.

He lifted my legs up and apart and worked his way between them.    I raised my
arms and took hold of my knees to pull them up and keep them apart so he would
have an easier entry.

The feel of his hot, throbbing cockhead against my rose bud sent me into orbit.

Then it was inside and Pat was thrusting gently, hitting my prostate and making
me squeal with pleasure.   His big, soft hands moved to my nipples and began to
tweak and pull.   That just sent more waves of pure pleasure surging all through
my body.

All the while my dick was bouncing up and down, throwing strings of silver
precum all over the place.  Pat would not touch my dick again until just before
I was ready to cum.   He would concentrate on massaging my prostate with his
cockhead and tweaking my nipples.

I was sweating profusely and throwing my head from side to side.    I was in
pure ecstasy, nothing in the world matter except for the incredible feelings Pat
was generating through my body.

But all good things must come to a natural conclusion and my nuts were full and
wanted release.    Pat sensed I was about to blow so he grabbed my hard dick and
increased the speed and intensity of his thrusts deep in my bowels.   I could
feel his nuts slapping against my ass, just like the beating of a drum.

"Ayiiiiiiiiiiii oooooooooohhhhhh yeeeeeeeesssssssssss" I screamed out as my nuts
began to shoot my built up passion high into the air.   

A long, thick string of cum shot almost to the top of Pat's head, made an arch
and started back down heading straight for my face.

I opened my mouth and caught it.   I could never have aimed better if I had
tried.   The string filled my mouth and I barely had it swallowed before another
shot was heading towards my face.

I tried to catch it in my mouth but it hit my chin and splattered over my neck
and chest.   Six more shots followed each with a little less intensity, which
was a bit of a disappointment.   Would love to have caught another.

While this was happening Pat had begun to shoot his load deep in my bowels.   I
could feel his hot seed washing the walls of that dark place.   At that moment I
felt so loved, so wanted, so needed.  

When we were both sated, Pat dropped down and lay beside me.   We were both
trying to catch our breath.   He turned his head and said:

"I love you Harold."

"I love you too, Pat."  I replied and moved over closer and we brushed our lips
together.  

Then we just lay quiet, enjoying the euphoria that sets in after a good round of
love making.    We fell asleep, locked in each others arms and that's how we
awoke the next morning.

I was laying on my right side and Pat's morning woody was throbbing between my
ass cheeks.   It felt wonderful, I can't think of a better way to wake up in the
morning.

Unfortunately we didn't have time to play.   Pat had an early appointment and
had to hurry to get ready.  We both showered, shaved and gave each other our
morning enema before rushing downstairs for a quick breakfast together.

Pat gave me a quick kiss before leaving for his appointment.   

Steven met me in the dining room after Pat had left.  He informed me that
Tweebles was doing fine.    He'd had two bowel movements and had been emptying
his bladder regularly.

"Do you think we will be able to leave him in the suit for the full seventy-two
hours?"  I asked.

"I think so, Sir.    We will have to watch him closely though.  If all we give
him is water his urine shouldn't have that much acid so his burns shouldn't be
that bad.  The rash will only be around his crotch.  The rest of his body is
encased in the rubber suit so it is not likely the urine will touch him.   Fred
says it will look and feel a hell of a lot worse than it really is."  Steven
answered.

"Ok Steven.    Although I don't like being purposely cruel we have got to make
Tweebles realize that I will not tolerate him causing trouble."   I said.

"Fred has all the electrodes hooked up to the cocoon now.  Will you be wanting
to send him a message, Sir."  Steven replied, a gleam in his eye.

"Yes, I guess we had better, I did tell him I was going to, so I had best follow
up on my threats.   Lets go do it."  I answered getting up from the table.

The cocoon was still laying in the same spot as it was when we put Tweebles in
it last night.   Larry was sitting in a chair beside the cocoon.   It was
essential for safety reasons to always have someone close to the cocoon in case
the encased slave should run into difficulties.   The suit did have an emergency
release.   The slave could be removed from the suit in less then sixty seconds.

"Hi Larry how is it going?"  I asked as we entered the room.

"Fine, Sir.   He just had another piss.   At this rate he will be floating in
the damned stuff before we get home."  Larry grinned.

"Well he is about to loose control of his bladder completely in just a few
moments."   I said.

"Has Fred instructed you on how to administer the shocks?"  I asked.

"Yes, Sir.   We are all fully briefed, he even demonstrated on us."  Larry
replied with a twinkle in his eye.

"Oh I am sure you guys really enjoyed that."  I responded with a smirk.

"As a matter of fact........." Larry laughed, but didn't finish.

"Ok.   Well I have come to brighten your dull day.   You may give him a few
shots every hour.   I don't want the intensity too high , just enough that it
makes him very, very uncomfortable."   I said.

"Ok, Sir.   Fred already figured you would say that and has instructed us not to
administer more then point 6.   We start with 1 and work up to 6 slowly."  Larry
explained.

"Good."  I replied.  "Well go ahead and have your fun."

Larry walked to a tray that held a black box with a bunch of wires sticking out
the back.   The wires ran to various spots on the sausage.

"I will send a very low shot to his right nipple first, Sir.  He will jerk a bit
and the cocoon should move from his reaction."  Larry explained as he flicked a
switch and turned a knob.

The cocoon gave a slight bounce.

"That was just a 1, Sir.  If it had been a 6 he would have given one hell of a
jump."  Larry explained.

We stood and watched for a bit while Larry sent little jolts down to various
parts of Tweebles body.   Each time the cocoon gave a little jump.

"Well I want to go check on Rupert so I will leave you to it, Larry.   Just
don't get too carried away.   If you give him too much at once the punishment
effect will not be as great.   It is the unexpectedness that is the worst of
it."  I said.

"Yes, Sir." Larry answered.

Steven and I left the cell and headed to Rupert's cell.   I had not seen him
since we introduced him to the joys of male on male sex yesterday afternoon.

We met Fred on our way and he joined us.

"Master Jeff would like to give you a demonstration, Sir.   Would it be okay if
we ask Rupert to volunteer to be the subject for the demonstration?"  he asked.

"Certainly, Fred."  I replied.

Fred didn't say anything more about the demonstration, but went on to tell us
that Jeff had, had a good night and was looking really good today.  It was plain
to see that Fred adored Jeff and would do anything for the old man.

Rupert was laying on his bed, his hands behind his head when we arrived outside
his cell.

"Good morning, Rupert." I said as Fred opened the cell door.

"Good morning, Sir." he answered politely, sitting up.

"Did you sleep well?"  I asked.

"Yes, Sir."  he replied.

"Good.   Have you had breakfast?"  I asked.

"Yes, thank you.  It was quite good." he replied.

"Good.  Any complaints about your treatment so far?"  I asked.

"None, Sir."  he replied.

"Fred has something to ask you."  I said.

"Would you be willing to demonstrate to Master Harold your willingness to
cooperate?"  Fred asked Rupert.

"Yes, Sir.   He has been fair and honest with me, yes I will cooperate."  he
replied.

"But this is something special."  Fred explained.   "You don't have to do this
unless you really want to."

"What would you want me to do, Sir."  he asked.

"Master Jeff's Company has developed a new, stronger, latex material.   It is 
paper thin, but almost as strong as steel.  It is also very erotic, Rupert, just
the touch of it on your skin could cause you to get hard."  Fred continued to
explain.

Rupert blushed at that and his hands started to move towards his exposed jewels,
but he thought better of it and dropped them back to his sides.

"The material has been thoroughly tested and has turned out to be almost
indestructible.   Only special tools will cut it, it will not tear and it is
fireproof.  We have had some made into latex clothing and it has been undergoing
tests for a few months now."  Fred explained.

"What would I have to do, wear some clothing made of it."  he asked.

"No, nothing like that.  It has also been made into sheeting, which can be used
for a very erotic form of bondage.  Master Jeff would like to demonstrate this
new sheeting for Master Harold.   As you are Master Harold's newest slave we
thought perhaps you would demonstrate your loyalty by allowing us to vacuum pack
you in this new product."  Fred said carefully.

Rupert seemed to turn pale.   Interesting color changes I thought.   From cherry
pink to chalk white in a flash.

I couldn't blame him for turning white, I would have gone pale as well if anyone
had suggested placing me in a vacuum pack.   I wasn't sure whether I should
intervene and put an end to this or just let it go and see what Rupert's
decision would be.

I thought about it for a few seconds, then decided that I would wait.  It would
be a great way for me to find out if he was serious about behaving himself.  
Good old Jeff had done it again.

Rupert stood there in panic, I could see it in his eyes.   He wanted desperately
for me to say forget it, but I clenched my fists behind my back and held firm,
waiting for him to make his own decision.

The tension in the cell was high.   The four of us stood their silently waiting
for the answer.

Rupert finally took a deep breath, then answered.

"Sir, the very idea of this scares hell out of me, but I would like to show
Master Harold that I will truly cooperate.   He has shown me a side of myself
that I did not realize existed and I would like to discover more.   So, yes Sir
I will cooperate if you wish to vacuum pack me."  he said, but he was still
pale.

"Good man."  Fred said with a smile.  "I knew you had balls."

"But relax, Rupert it is not a bad experience at all.  I have had it done to me
and I loved it, in fact I blew three loads while I was packed.   We have vacuum
packed 31 men so far using this method and each has asked to have it done again. 
Not one of them didn't like it once they were in the vacuum.  So I know you will
like it as well, Rupert."  he explained.

A little color returned to Rupert's cheeks as Fred explained about having been
vacuum packed himself.

Fred then turned to me.

"You would like to see this process would you not, Sir?"  he asked.

He kind of caught me off guard.   I thought it was a forgone conclusion when he
had got an approval from Rupert.

"Of course."  I answered stupidly.

"We must go upstairs to do this. Master Jeff would like to watch as well.   Do
you want us to place Rupert on a leash to go up?"  he asked.

"Most certainly."  I answered.  "He is a new slave is he not?"

"Yes, Sir."  Fred answered with a smile.

I am sure Rupert was totally embarrassed being forced to walk up to the main
floor, led on a leash and completely naked.    A few times I watched him try to
hide his package with his hands, but each time Fred would look at him sternly
and shake his head.   Rupert would quickly drop his hands to his side and his
face would get a little pinker.

Fred led us to a rather large room on the main floor.   We entered and I was
surprised to see that all the Senior Master's and some of the guests from the
dinner the other night were present.   They were seated on chairs that formed a
large circle around a table that was low to the floor.

Steven and I were directed to seats that gave us an excellent view of the
proceedings.  My chair was right next to Jeff's of course.   Charlie and Pat
were sitting to Jeff's left.

Rupert was directed to lay down on the table.   He was then told to spread his
legs about 24 inches apart.   Then he had to extend his arms out from his side
and bend his elbows so his hands were now above his head.   (The standard,
"Hands up", position used by the film directors in the old Cops and Robbers
movies.)

Fred began to explain the process to Rupert, but loud enough for all to hear.

"Ok, Rupert, there is nothing to be afraid of.  As I mentioned before you are
really going to like this.   It feels fantastic.  Ok?"  he asked.

"Yes, Sir."  Rupert responded.

"Now open your mouth.  These hoses will provide you with air so you can breath
once you are vacuum packed."

Rupert opened his mouth and Fred inserted a small mouth piece to which was
attached two small hoses.   Fred  quickly adjusted the hoses so they went down
from the mouth and tucked under the neck.

"The hoses are now connected to valves in the table.  One hose will deliver
fresh air the other will carry away the carbon dioxide.   You will have to
breath through your mouth, Rupert."  he explained.

Fred then held up two little red things, I couldn't make out what they were from
where I was sitting.

"These are nose plugs, Rupert.   Once I insert them you will have to start
breathing through the tubes in your mouth."  Fred said as he pushed a plug into
each of Rupert's nostrils.

"Ok, Rupert we are ready to begin.   Just one more thing.  Do not move while the
vacuum is created, you could end up with a pinch on your skin and I wouldn't
know about it and you would have no way of letting me know.   That could prove
to be quite painful.   So be sure to keep yourself perfectly still."  Fred
explained.

"Once you are in vacuum you will not be able to move at all.   Don't panic.   I
am here, monitoring you.   I will not let anything untoward happen and can have
you out of the vacuum in less than thirty seconds if you should have trouble." 
he explained.

"Ok, now lay still while the latex sheet is placed over you.  It may feel a
little cold at first but that will change to a wonderful warmth almost
immediately." 

Gene stepped forward with what looked like a folded sandy colored sheet in his
arms.  He and Fred opened it up then placed it over top of Rupert.   He was
completely covered and the sheet drooped over all edges of the table all round.

Fred and Gene then walked to the wall and lifted what looked like a large frame
and brought it over to the table.  Carefully they lowered it down until it fit
perfectly on the table, framing it.  The excess latex sheeting protruding from
the bottom of the frame.  There were clips on the sides of the frame and Fred
and Gene quickly snapped them downward.

The frame was now secured to the table and Fred explained what it was.

"This frame locks the latex sheeting to the table, forming an air tight seal.  
In just a moment I will start the pump that will suck all of the air out of the
space between the top of the table and the sheeting.   Rupert will then be
locked in a vacuum."  

There was a small whirr of a motor and  we watched in fascination as the air was
sucked out and the sheeting tightened all around Rupert.   As it was pulled
around him it stretched and started to become translucent, he was perfectly
outlined and we could see him through the latex cover.   It was truly an amazing
sight to see.

"This slave is now effectively immobilized, Master."  Fred said turning towards
me.  "He can not move at all nor can he be removed unless the air is returned."  

"This sheeting can not be cut with normal tools."  Fred explained as he picked
up a knife and jabbed it down into the sheeting.  

We couldn't believe that it didn't cut the sheeting.    Fred then invited us all
to come up and take a closer look.   He even handed the knife to a few of the
Master's to try for themselves.

Fred then took the knife and demonstrated that it was sharp by lightly sliding
it across an apple.  It cut a slice off the apple with no effort at all.

"Now we can all see that Rupert here is lost in his own little world of
pleasure.   Just look how his cock is throbbing under the sheeting."  he said as
he rubbed his hand up and down Rupert's throbbing dick.  The sight was very
erotic, my own dick was trying to jump out of my pants and I was wet.

"Would one of you like to try cutting his cock off?"  Fred asked.

The room went quiet.  No one moved.

"Well you may want to, but as long as he is under this wrap it is totally
impossible, observe."  he said as he took the knife and pressing down with
obvious effort pulled it across Rupert's throbbing cock.

I almost screamed for him to stop once it clicked in my brain what he was about
to try.    Luckily, Fred had completed the act before I could yell.   It would
have proved very embarrassing.

We could see the indentation the knife was making from being pushed down on
Rupert's dick.   However the knife passed harmlessly across his cock, not even
leaving a mark on the material.   There were a few murmurs of amazement.   I
could see the wheels turning in more than one head.

"Although the material can not be penetrated, it is still possible to administer
pain to the slave while vacuum packed.   For example I can grab his nuts and
squeeze and he is going to feel it.  The sheeting will stretch  a bit, it must
to allow him to breath, but that is about all."  Fred explained.

Everyone had a million questions and they all started asking them at once.  
Fred had to ask them to quiet down and ask one at a time.  He started answering
the questions, but his eyes kept a close watch on Rupert the entire time.

He was answering a question and stopped in mid sentence.

"Observe, gentlemen,  Rupert is unloading." 

All eyes turned to Rupert's throbbing, pulsing dick.   It was shooting gobs of
dick snot all around the big purple head.   Walt placed a hand on Rupert's dick
and began to massage back and forth.  A low moan of pleasure could be heard
escaping from the vacuum packed boy.

"You will notice that the vacuum pack is also almost sound proof.   The sound
you just heard was actually the latex sheeting itself vibrating from Rupert's
moan underneath."  Fred explained.

"Rupert can not hear a thing we say out here.   What he will hear is just some
vibrations created by the latex sheeting.  That is why you must watch him so
close once you have him in the vacuum pack.   He has no way to tell you he is in
trouble, you must be ever watchful."

Rupert shot two more loads while Fred patiently answered questions.   After an
hour and thirty minutes, the valves under the table were opened and Rupert was
released from the vacuum pack.

Fred and Gene removed the frame and the latex sheeting.   Steven removed the 
mouth piece.

"Well Rupert, how did you like that experience?"  Fred asked.

"It was awesome, Sir.   I have never in my life felt anything so erotic."  he
replied, a big smile on his face.

"Would you like to do it again?" John asked.

"In a flash, Sir."  Rupert replied.

After a bunch more questions, Steven escorted Rupert out of the room.   He was
being taken to the showers.   He would then be dressed in the standard slave
outfit and would join us in the dining room for lunch. 

There was still an hour before lunch so I went to Fred and whispered in his ear. 
He looked at me with a big smile and shook his head in the standard code for,
"yes."

I went to Pat and whispered in his ear and he also smiled and gave the yes sign.   
Then I whispered something to Steven and the two of us left the room together
and went up to the room that Pat and I had been using.

Ten minutes later there was a knock on the door.   I went into the bathroom
while Steven opened the door.   Jeff was in his wheelchair and Fred was pushing.

"Please come in Master Jeff.   Master Harold will be with you in a moment." 
Steven said.

Fred pushed Jeff into the room then he and Steven left.   Jeff didn't know what
was going on.   He turned his head to say something to Fred, but saw the door
closing.

From the bathroom I said:

"Rrrrough." and Dinky doggie began his last appearance.

Jeff's eyes sparkled and a small tear of joy escaped from the corner of his left
eye as Dinky doggie entered the room.

Steven had helped me get into my old Dinky doggie outfit.   I had told Jeff that
Dinky might make one last visit and I intended on keeping that promise.

I went right to him, wiggling my ass so the tail would wag and began to lick his
weathered old hand.   His other hand went to the top of my head and patted me.

"You really are a wonder, Dinky.   Thank you."  he said.

I nuzzled my nose into his crotch and gently moved it around.   I could feel his
old dick begin to rise.    I was going to give this wonderful old man the best
damned blow job I could manage.

I was having a bit of trouble getting his fly down so he helped.   His cock may
have been old, but it was still a force to be reckoned with.   It pushed right
out of his pants once the zipper was down.

I began to lick the big purple head right away.   I heard him give a little gasp
of pleasure when my hot tongue touched it.    I licked all the way down one side
of the shaft and back up the other.    My lips and tongue worked to give him as
great a feeling as it was possible for me to give him.

Taking just the head in my mouth I worked it in and out quickly.  I soon had him
breathing hard and the precum flowing like a river.   I loved the taste of his
precum, it was sweeter than the sweetest honey.

I used every cocksucking trick I had learned.   Jeff was off in a world of pure
ecstasy and I was ready to feel that wonderful old dick down deep in my throat.

I pushed forward and it slid down past my tonsils and into my throat.   I pushed
it as far down as it would go and held it there.  I set up a gentle hum to
create vibrations around it.   This was too much for Jeff and he began to
involuntarily thrust his hips up.

I got the hint and began to fuck my face on his throbbing dick.   Being in
doggie mode has limitations.   I would love to have been massaging his nuts and
playing with his pussy hole or tweaking his nipples, but the doggie paws
prevented this.  

I tried to make his pleasure last as long as possible, but it really wasn't very
long before he was ready to start emptying his nuts.

I could feel it in the tension in his throbbing dick as it slid up and down  my
throat.  It suddenly stiffened and seemed to grow then he was shooting male
nectar into my greedy mouth and throat.

Jeff shot seven healthy loads and a couple of smaller ones before his nuts
emptied.   I swallowed it all and loved the taste of him.    When he was
finished I licked him clean, then placed my paws on the arm rests of his chair,
pulled my self up and licked his face.

His arms went around my shoulders and he pulled me close.

"Thank you,  my boy, thank you.  I have met a lot of men in my life and enjoyed
a lot of slaves, but I have never met anyone like you.   I know it most likely
will sound silly to you, but I have fallen in love."  he laughed.

At that moment the door opened slightly.   I looked up and could see Steven
peeking in to see if we had finished.   I nodded, yes.   He opened the door and
he and Fred entered.

I climbed down from Jeff.   Steven and Fred then got me out of the Dinky doggie
outfit.  I asked them both to excuse us for a few more minutes.  When they were
out of the room I turned to Jeff.

"I want to thank you for all your hospitality and your help, Jeff.   I love you,
oh not the way I love Pat, but I do love you and will never forget you.  Perhaps
with a little luck we will meet again."  I said as I walked over to him.

I got down on my knees beside his chair and we embraced.   I gave him a real
kiss, not a peck on the cheek.   He held me tight and we stayed like that for a
good ten minutes.   Not saying a word, just holding each other, not wanting to
let go.

We said our private good bye to each other and I got up and went to the door to
let Fred and Steven back in.

"I must get myself cleaned up a bit before lunch."  I said as Fred pushed Jeff
out of the room.  

"Will see you both downstairs."

Lunch was held in the big dining room.   All of the Senior Masters and the
slaves assigned to them, including Max, were there, this would be our last meal
together.   

While we ate and enjoyed ourselves, Tweebles, still wrapped tightly in his
cocoon, was being transported to the plane.  He could have been with us in the
dining room enjoying this last get together if he hadn't been such an ass.

After lunch we all said goodbyes.   The Master's would all be heading home as
well, but they would all be going via commercial flights on company planes.

Pat, Charlie and I piled into a large, black limo for the ride to the airport. 
Steven, Pete, Larry, Carl, and Rupert were in a large van and followed along
behind.

At precisely two o'clock our plane left the runway and climbed into the
brilliant, sun filled afternoon sky leaving London far below and behind.   I was
finally on my way home.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment.  Acts
described are pure fantasy on my part and should not be attempted by anyone that
does not know what the hell they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter was run through the MSWord2000 spell checker.   I
have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct, however this
story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for slang and
street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker dictionary.   As
well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an English major.  
If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I would suggest you go
to your favorite book store and buy a story by a professional writer.   You get
what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

By Rob

Part 49


The flight back to Canada was uneventful.   The cocoon had been placed in a
special box to prevent it from rolling around during the flight.   Pete and
Larry took turns administering the water every hour and monitoring Tweebles
closely.

Rupert was escorted to a cabin and made the trip in comfort.   Two horny, heavy
weight slaves were his escorts and they made sure he was a good boy and enjoyed
himself in the process.

Seven hours and forty-five minutes after leaving London, our limo pulled up in
front of the bar on Kelly Street.   At long last I was back home.

As soon as we entered the bar, Charlie headed for his table and sat, Pat and I
followed suit.    Harry came to the table carrying a  tray with three large mugs
of beer.   He placed one in front of Charlie, then Pat and I.   

I didn't want a beer, but by now I new better than to argue.   I picked up the
beer and took a sip.    Charlie picked his up and drained half of it before
taking a breather.

"Ah, gawd I missed this.    There ain't no beer anywhere in the world as good as
a this."  he said, licking his lips.

Well he was right about that.   Some of the beer I had to suffer through while
we were traveling was horrible and unfit for  human consumption.    Although I
didn't much like beer, this at least was drinkable.

"I have ordered a wing prepared for you, Harold.  "   Charlie said with a big
smile.

"You are going to have to get right on the preparations for the Gay Pride
Parade, there are only a couple of weeks left."  he said.

"Ok, Sir."  I replied, old habits die hard, I was still calling him, Sir.

"Larry will have to fill one of the doggie positions, but he knows his stuff.  
You can have both him and Pete to help get the other two trained.   Harold we
want to win the first prize, so you are going to have to work these guys really
hard."  he said as he picked up his drink.

"I will do the best I can, Charlie.   I don't think we will have any trouble
with Rupert, he is actually enjoying himself."  I replied.

"Tweebles on the other hand, well I just don't know.   I think he will try to
run again if he see the opportunity.   We will all have to be on close watch
with him all the time." 

"Don't worry, Harold.    If he doesn't come around soon then we will send him to
Dieter for complete reprogramming.   We don't reprogram, or brainwash our people
very often, but sometimes it is necessary.   Tweebles has too much knowledge
that could put us all in grave danger if it were to be placed in the wrong
hands."  Pat said.

"Pat I have to be honest, I don't much like that idea.   Is there no other way?"  
I asked.

"Yes there are lots of other things we can do, but I think you would like them a
lot less.    But it is not a problem right now, let's wait to see how it goes. 
If he doesn't come round then we can sit down and discuss the options
available." Pat answered.

"Ok."  I replied.

We talked for a bit longer while I drank my beer, then I excused myself and
headed for my wing.    I wanted to see how Tweebles and Rupert were doing.

My wing turned out to be very similar to the wing I was housed in when I first
arrived.   It even had it's own door to the bar, but on the far side of the
room.  I had never even noticed it before.  Strange, how could I miss a door?

This wing also had a cell room and I headed for it.  Tweebles cocoon was on a
table up against the wall.   Rupert was in the cell.   Pete and Larry were busy
administering to Tweebles.

"How's it going."  I asked as I entered.

"No problems, Sir."  Pete answered.

"He is doing fine, but he sure as hell wants out."  he laughed.

"Yeah, I suppose so.   Hell I would have wanted out two seconds after being put
in."  I said.

"Are we going to give him any nourishment or does he stay just on water?"  Pete
asked.

"Better give him something, I don't want to starve him, just punish him."

"Ok, we have just the thing." he said reaching down under the table the cocoon
was resting on.

He pulled up a clear plastic bag full of a clear liquid.  

"A roast beef dinner with all the trimmings.   How does that sound, Sir."  Pete
said laughing.

"Sounds great, but looks like water."  I replied with a smile.

"Don't matter he won't get to taste it anyway.   That dildo is so far down his
throat nothing hits his mouth.   This will give him all the nourishment of a
well balanced meal plus more liquid for his bladder."  Pete explained with a
laugh.

"Good.   Have you guys been keeping him hard as well?"   I asked.

"Oh yes, Sir.   Hell that's the fun of this whole exercise.   But you told us we
couldn't fist him.    Will you change your mind on that?"  he asked hopefully.

"Yeah.  Go ahead, have your fun.   What the hell if he had one of us in there he
wouldn't hesitate, so let him have it."  I said callously.

"Has he had a good shit yet?"  I asked.

"Oh, yes.   Four so far and all of them wet and runny."  Pete replied.

"No more laxatives then, I don't want him sick, just uncomfortable."

"Ok." Pete replied.

I then went over to Rupert's cell. 

"Did you have a good flight, Rupert?"  I asked.

"Yes, Sir.   It was first class and the guards were great.   Is this going to be
my new home?" he asked indicating the cell.

"Until you earn something better, yes.   If you follow orders and learn the
lessons you should graduate to a better room in about two weeks if not sooner." 
I explained, knowing full well he would be moved to a comfortable room tomorrow
or the next day.

"I will try, Sir."  he answered.

"Good, that is all I ask Rupert."

"Do you know where Steven is, Pete?" I asked.

"Yes, Sir.  He is in your apartment getting things ready for you."  he replied.

"Ok, I need to freshen up, if you need me I'll be there."  I informed him.

I headed to my new apartment, door number 300, all the rooms in my wing were
numbered 3xx.    The apartment was not as far from the Cell room as it had been
in the other wing.   

The apartment consisted of a whole suite, much like Pat's.   It included a
kitchen, dining room, living room,  master bedroom and a spare room for guests.  
The toilet area included a large whirlpool hot tub, showers, a sauna and the
usual toilet and sink.

Steven was in the kitchen stocking the refrigerator with Coke.   I couldn't help
smile.

"You got me pegged Steven."  I laughed.

He turned and looked me in the eye:

"That's my job, Harold.  Want one now, they are still pretty warm though."

"No, I am going to jump into that whirlpool, wanna join me?"   I asked.

"You bet." he replied.

We both headed into the toilet area, stripping as we went.   Steven set the
controls and we climbed in.

The water was hot, but not too hot, it felt fantastic on my body.    I lay back
on the molded seat and let the water swirl around.

Steven climbed in beside me, the molded seats in this whirlpool were wide enough
for two to sit and cuddle side by side.   We both just lay quietly for a while
letting the hot water soak and massage our travel weary muscles and bones.

I found the hot water swirling around my body very stimulating and my dick was
beginning to rise.   I wondered if it was having the same effect on Steven, so I
moved my hand over and found his big cock standing straight up in the swirling
water.

We turned our heads and looked at each other at the same time and laughed. 
Steven didn't need an invitation to get one of his paws wrapped around my now
hard dick.   As we played gently with each other our heads moved together and we
kissed, our hot tongues  exploring in sudden urgency.

As we kissed our hands grouped and massaged whatever parts of each others bodies
they could reach.   The combination of Steven's hands, his tongue and the hot
water swirling around had me lost in a fantasy world of  unbelievable
proportions.  All was brightness and colored lights.

Before I even realized it was happening Steven had climbed up and sunk down on
my throbbing cock, forcing it deep into his love canal.    It felt so damned
good I couldn't help but moan out my pleasure.

"Oh fuck Steven that is so damned good."

While Steven humped himself on my hot rod I wanked his dick.    The hot water
continued to swirl around me giving me pleasures I had never had before.   It
was amazing, every time Steven and I made it together he always seemed to add
something new to the experience.

By now I was beyond all reason or thought.   My only care was the fantastic
feelings enveloping my body.    Every nerve, every fibre was afire with pure
pleasure.    My nuts were jumping up and down in their sack, swelling and
getting ready to unload my hot juices deep into Steven's neither regions.

"Ahhhhhhh yesssssssss, yesssssss, oh gawd it is so good Steven.  Ahhhhhh
yessssss." I cried out my pleasure as my nuts began to unload their precious
cargo.

At the same moment Steven began to moan as well.   All the while I had been
wanking his dick and it began to shoot hot white man juice just a few seconds
after I had begun.   A large glob of his seed rose to the surface on a current
of water.   I tried to grab it with my mouth but missed and it sunk beneath the
foaming current, never to be seen again.

When we were both sated Steven sank back into the water beside me and we kissed
again.    Then we tilted our heads back and had a short nap in the wonderful
swirling waters of the whirlpool.

Doggie Training Begins.

The next morning bright and early we began Rupert's doggie training.   Pete and
Larry first explained the rules then suited Rupert up in what looked like Dinky
Doggies old outfit.   That reminded me that we needed a name for Rupert when he
was in doggie mode.

I tried to come up with something unique, however nothing seemed to fit.  
Rupert looked so much like me when I was in that mode that all I could think of
was Dinky doggie.     Then it occurred to me that now that I was a Master Dinky
doggie no longer existed.    Why not give  Rupert my old doggie name?

I was very unsure of my ground here so I decided to seek advice.    I left the
cell room and headed for the bar, Charlie would not hesitate to give me an
opinion.

"Well I'll tell ya Harold I don't think anyone will ever be able to replace
Dinky.    I would suggest we retire the name for a at least a few years.  
Wouldn't want Rupert to trade on your reputation."  was Charlie's answer to my
question.

"However, why not bring him down after he is in mode and we will see if a name
should just happen to crop up" he smiled devilishly.

"Ok, Sir.   The boys have him ready so I'll get them to bring him on down."  I
replied.

I went to the bar and used the in house phone to contact the cell room.   Pete
answered and I told him to bring Rupert on down to the bar, Charlie would like
to see him.

Five minutes later Pete and Larry entered the bar.   Larry was holding a leash
and at the other end was Rupert the dog.  He was finding it difficult to walk in
doggie mode.   I remember it took me a couple of days to get used to it.

He hadn't mastered the technique for getting the tail to wag, it just kind of
flopped from side to side.   It looked so fucking cute I had to smile.   I
noticed that Charlie was smiling too.

Larry brought Rupert right up to the table and handed me the leash.   Rupert was
on all fours standing beside my chair.  I dropped my hand and scratched him
behind his ear.   The very same thing that I hated when I was in doggie mode.  
He looked up at me but I knew he was having trouble seeing, they had placed the
eyepiece on him.

"Well I'll tell ya Harold, that bitch dog is so cute it minds me of a broad I
once knew, name of Susy.    I think that would be a great name for your new dog,
what do you think boys?   How does Suzy doggie, with a z, sound?"   Charlie
asked with an evil grin.

"Sounds perfect Sir."  Pete and Larry chimed in together.

I had to admit it did sound like a good name if you want to embarrass a guy you
have dressed up like a dog.

"Well I guess it is unanimous, Suzy doggie, with a z, it is."   I said with
authority.

Rupert gave a little groan and it was my turn to smile.   Shit I was beginning
to enjoy this little game.

Just at that moment Harry came over to the table and stood quietly behind
Charlie.

"Bring me a beer, what will you boys have?"  Charlie asked.

Pete and Larry both chirped, "beer," at the same time.   I ordered a coke and
asked for water for Suzy.   He might as well get used to this shit because he
had a lot to learn in a very short time.

"Sit Suzy."  I said touching Rupert so he would know for sure I meant him.

He had not yet been taught how to sit and it was actually quite amusing watching
him trying to get his back end down.    He finally lay down completely then sat
up.  Well not bad for a beginner, I thought to myself.   At least he is trying.

Harry brought the beers, coke and water.   Of course the water was in one side
of a double sided doggie bowl.   In the other side there was a brown mess that
looked like stew.

"I had some stew that I threw in the garbage this morning, Master Harold, Sir.  
I thought perhaps your new dog would like some so I went out back and scraped
some out of the garbage can.   Will that be ok, Sir."  he asked a little
nervous.

I knew right away that Charlie had put him up to it.   He had probably planned
this for whenever I brought Rupert to the bar and he knew I would.   I didn't
want to get Harry into any shit so I did the only thing I could.

"That was very thoughtful of you Harry, thanks, I am sure Suzy will enjoy his
breakfast."  

Harry smiled and placed the bowl down in front of Suzy.   He didn't even bend
over to look at it.   What he had heard was enough.   He had decided he was not
going to eat it and that was that.

I bent over and whispered in his ear:

"I would recommend you eat every bit of the slop in that bowl and drink all of
the water, Suzy.   If you don't you will make Charlie very angry and that is the
last thing in the world you ever want to do.   Believe me, having your head
pushed into a toilet bowl full of foul shit and held there until you breath in
is a lot worse.   Take the easy way and eat the slop."

He looked at me with one eye, the only way he could see.    I gave him the most
serious look I could, I wanted him to know I was very serious.    I guess he
believed me because he bent over and began to eat.  

I breathed a sigh of relief, I did not relish the idea of having to punish him
for not eating.   I was positive that Charlie would not hesitate to push Suzy's
head into a toilet bowl just like he had done to me.

We sat and talked about nothing of importance as we drank our drinks and Suzy
had his first crappy meal.   I knew that Charlie got a big charge out of these
kinds of things and that Suzy would get a few more, including the spit
treatment.  But he had to learn to obey and that was one of the methods Charlie
used and I knew I would have to follow suit.

After we had drunk our drinks and Suzy had finished his stew and water I asked
him if he had to go to toilet.   He looked at me and I thought he was going to
say yes.   He caught himself just in time and nodded his head in the affirmative
instead.

"Pete, Suzy needs to go out for a walk."  I said.

"Yes, Sir."  Pete replied as he got up from the table.

I handed him the leash and he called Suzy to follow.   Suzy had a bit of a
problem getting up, we were going to have to spend the rest of the morning
teaching him how to do all of the basics.

It wasn't until Pete opened the door to go outside that Suzy realized that Pete
was going to literally take him for a walk outside.   He started to balk but
Pete was the wrong man to balk from.   Pete gave one hell of a snap on the
leash.   Suzy gave a cry of pain and then realized that he had no choice and
followed.

I suddenly felt that I would like to have been out there to watch him make his
first void in a public place.    Just as suddenly I hated myself for having such
a thought.   What the fuck was happening to me, I wondered.

I thanked Charlie for his help and Larry and I headed back to the Cell Room to
get things ready for Suzy's morning training session.

The cocoon holding Tweebles was still on the same table.   He still had until
tomorrow morning to go.   I was feeling sympathetic and wanted to let him out
now but knew I couldn't do that.   I would loose all credibility with him if I
did.   He would have to go the full 72 hours and that was all there was too it.

We got out the mats and placed them on the floor.   We were not going to waste
any time at all.   As soon as Pete got back we would place Larry into doggie
mode.   Suzy would get his first opportunity to fuck another doggie this
morning.   He had to learn how to balance himself and so would practice with
Larry until Tweebles was out of the cocoon.  

I had already decided that Suzy would fuck Tweebles and Larry would fuck Suzy
during the parade judging.   We might even have a practice in the bar to give
all three the opportunity to do it in front of an audience and get over any
stage fright they may have.

We had the mats all laid out and had Stinky doggie's outfit laid out when Pete
returned.   Pete ordered Suzy to lay down on the mat to wait for us.    He then
came over and we got Larry into his doggie outfit.    The last thing to go on,
as usual, was the nose.   Pete gave Larry the warning before the nose was put in
place.

He then went over and removed the eye piece from Suzy.

"During your training sessions you will not be required to wear the eye piece
Rupert.   Instead you will wear this."  he said showing Rupert the plastic nose.

"It fits into the nostrils and is really not all that bad once you get used to
it."  he explained.

"Ok, I am going to insert it and am giving you the warning again.   Once the
nose is in place you are Suzy doggie, you must not speak or try to do anything
human.   Failure to follow this order will bring you severe punishment so be
warned."   Pete said.

He then inserted the nose piece.   I could see from the look on Suzy's face that
he did not like that nose piece at all.   But I was sure, again from experience,
that he would come to like it much better than the eye piece.

Pete and I returned to the table and lifted Stinky doggie to the floor.   He
headed straight for Suzy.   Larry had decided to play the doggie thing to the
hilt for Suzy's first introduction to this doggie type play.

Stinky headed right over and began to sniff around Suzy's ass right away.   Suzy
didn't know what the hell was happening and I could see from the look on his
face that he wasn't so sure he liked it.   He pulled his ass away from Stinky's
sniffing nose.

That didn't phase Stinky one little bit, he simply followed that ass around and
continued to sniff.   It was all I could do to keep from laughing, it was
hilariously funny to watch.

Stinky finally got tired of chasing that ass around in circles.   He stuck his
head between Suzy's legs lifted up and flipped Suzy over onto his back.   He
then started licking Suzy's dick and balls.   Although Suzy wasn't sure he liked
what was happening his dick was hard as a rock and was waving in the air.   A
fine string of silver precum flicked back and forth with the throbbing of the
dick.

Stinky didn't waste anytime sucking up that string of precum.  He then continued
to lick Suzy's dick and nuts.   Suzy was too damned startled by it all to do
anything but just lay there.

Pete and I just let it go on for a while enjoying the whole scene.   I have to
be honest here, my own dick was rising.   The whole fucking scene was very
erotic.

Pete broke the trance by going over and scolding Stinky.

"Bad dog.   That's no way to treat a new friend.   You could at least have
waited until you were introduced.   Now get up and leave Suzy alone.    You will
get to fuck him later.    Right now we have to teach him how to fuck you.   Now
get up."  Pete admonished.

Stinky reluctantly got up and backed off a bit.   Suzy was still stunned and
didn't move.

"Come on Suzy on your feet.   Enough wasting time here.   You have much to learn
this morning.  We will begin by teaching you how to sit, lay down, roll over and
to beg."  Pete ordered.

Suzy finally lost that stunned look, it was replaced by one of disappointment
when he realized that he was not going to get to cum.

The next hour was spent teaching him how to do the basic things mentioned above.   
Stinky was a big help, he demonstrated each maneuver and all Suzy had to do was
copy Stinky's actions.    Suzy turned out to be a really fast learner and we
didn't have to waste a lot of time with these things.

We knew the next part would be much more difficult.  Hell Suzy had only been in
doggie mode for less than two and a half hours and we were going to start
teaching him how to mount another dog.

Stinky took up a position and we had Suzy walk up.   We had him start by
sniffing around Stinky's ass.   Then we had him lick, the same things Stinky had
done to him earlier.   He didn't like that one little bit and tried to hold
back.   Pete pulled out a quirt and gave him a couple of good whacks across the
ass.  It only took two to get him licking Stinky's love hole.

We practiced him over and over approaching, sniffing, licking.   Each time he
did it correctly he was rewarded with one of those delicious doggie treats.   I
could see that he really liked them, just as I had. 

Once Pete was satisfied with Suzy's performance he called for a short break.  I
got two pans of water and placed them down for them both to have a drink.  Again
from experience I knew that you get very thirst doing these things and a cold
drink of water really is a reward.

They both tucked right in to the water.  Stinky of course had the whole thing
perfected, he knew exactly how to get the water into his body without a lot of
wasted effort.   I was really happy to see Suzy observe how Stinky was doing it
and then try it himself.

After the break we went right into the actual mount.   This would be a bit
tricky for Suzy.   His hands were encased in the plastic mitts that did not
permit him to use his fingers at all.  He had to learn how to wrap his arms
around Stinky so that he would not fall off while he was fucking.

The rest of the day was spent teaching Suzy things he needed to know and then
practicing them.   He was a very quick learner and by the end of the day even an
expert observer would have been surprised to learn that Suzy was new too this.

The next morning our first task was to get Tweebles out of the cocoon.   I
figured he would be in pretty rough shape after being locked in for 72 hours.  
I expected that his laying in his own waste would leave him with some fairly raw
skin in the most sensitive places.   Of course that had been the whole
objective.

The first thing that Pete and Larry did was attach some hoses.

"What are they for?"  I enquired.

"To suck out all the shit and piss and to hose down the insides of the cocoon.  
The damned thing would stink us out of the room if we opened it without cleaning
it first, Sir."   Larry replied.

"And those hoses will do it?"  I asked stupidly.

"Yes, Sir.   There are a series of spray nozzles inside.   Warm soapy water is
forced in this line," he said touching one of the lines,  "and sprays the water
all over the interior walls.   The cocoon will be sparkling clean before we open
it.  Oh, and so will Tweebles.   Only parts of his body were exposed to the crap
and those parts will be cleaned by the spray as well."

"This thick line,"  he pointed to a large hose, about 3 inches in diameter,  "is
the drain.    All the crap and cleaning water are sucked out through this line. 
See this clear part of the line, we watch that and once the water is perfectly
clear we know that the cocoon is clean inside."

"That's some piece of equipment.   I thought we were just going to open it and
take him out.   Never even thought about the possibility of smell."   I said.

"Well don't feel bad Sir, I imagine the first cocoon didn't have all this fancy
equipment and the Master that used it paid dearly when he opened the sack." 
Pete laughed.

We all thought that was funny and laughed along with him.

"But there is more, Sir."  Larry said.    "Once we are finished with the washing
the water gets turned off and warm air is then forced up the lines and it will
dry the insides.   When we open the cocoon, it should be perfectly dry."

And they were right.    When the cocoon was opened it was perfectly dry inside.  
Tweebles cock and balls had a red rash all over.   It was exactly the same as
the diaper rash a baby gets if left in a wet diaper too long.   It really was
not as bad as I had expected.   A little ointment and it would be cleared up in
a day or two.

Mind you it did look rather sore and it must have been really itchy.   I could
just imagine how uncomfortable it must have been.    Just looking at it made my
hands automatically go to my dick.

Next the guys began to undo the suit that Tweebles was bound in.   I never did
get to see how it was sealed but it seemed to take Pete and Larry for ever to
get it unfastened.

After the hood was removed, Pete removed the dildo that had served as a feeding
tube.    I had expected Tweebles to cry out and curse me when it was removed but
all he did was take in a big gulp of air, then start coughing.

His throat was a bit raw from having that dildo jammed so far down for such a
long period of time.   When he took in that big gulp of air it brushed along the
raw membranes and set his cough reflex into motion.    It took a few sips of
cold water to calm it down.

He had to be helped to sit up and then to stand.   It all took a considerable
length of time.   There was no rushing into things here, it was all slow and
steady.  When Tweebles was able to walk on his own we moved him into the cell
and brought Rupert out.

"Well Rupert you did so well yesterday that I have decided that you deserve a
reward.    I am going to give you a proper room, however your door will be
locked from the outside whenever one of us is not with you.   This is a great
privilege and if you try anything stupid I will have you back in a cell before
you even have time to blink.   Is that understood?" 

"Yes, Sir.   Thank you, Sir.   I won't let you down.   As a matter of fact I am
enjoying these training sessions and I really like being Suzy dog."  he blurted
out.

"You like being a dogslave!" I exclaimed in surprise.

"Oh yes Sir.   For the first time in my life I have found what I was meant to
be."

I looked at Pete and he looked at me and grinned.  

"Mmmmm, well I don't think that is exactly what your father had in mind when he
sent you to us, Rupert.    I am going to have to consult with Master Charlie
about this."

I did consult with Charlie and he told me not to worry about it.   If Rupert
wanted to be a dogslave that was great.   Let him be a dogslave.   He went on to
say that after the parade we could get Rupert one of the black leather outfits
and start teaching him to be a proper dogslave.   I wasn't so sure I liked that
idea, but didn't argue the point.

We let Tweebles rest for the remainder of the day.   The following morning we
went into full rehearsal for the upcoming parade.    We explained to Tweebles
what was required and he agreed to cooperate.    I still didn't trust him and
made sure everyone was always on their toes whenever he was outside the cell.

On the second day Charlie gave me a leather cock and ball harness.   It was
special he explained.    It had a built in locking mechanism that could only be
unlocked with a special electrical device that had to be passed over the locked
ends to release them.

It also had some rather special electronics built in.   A small stun gun that
was based on the same idea as that cattle prod that Master Dieter had used on
me.   It would send a high electrical shock to the cock and balls when activated
manually via a small black box that I could carry in my pocket or by sensors
located through-out the building.   

I didn't understand so he patiently explained.   There were sensors all through
the complex.   All we had to do was turn on the sensors in areas where we did
not want Tweebles to go.   If he got within 6 feet of a sensor it would send a
small charge to let him know to back off.  At 4 feet it would send a full charge
and that would knock Tweebles right off his feet.

He would then have exactly 30 seconds to get back or another charge would be
sent.   If he took a run at it and got to the other side of the sensor he would
be in real trouble because he would then get a full charge every 5 seconds until
either the sensor was turned off or he got back on the right side of the sensor.

He would not be able to do it himself.  The full charge was enough to knock over
a horse and no man could function with those charges coming at those intervals.

If Tweebles wanted a convincer all he had to do was go to the 6 foot line and
get that warning charge.   That warning may be weak but it would still feel like
someone had just pinched his nuts in a vice.

The device was powered by the electrical impulses from Tweebles own body and
would make it possible for everyone to relax.   Tweebles would not be able to
get out of the building while wearing one of these.

Pete installed it on Tweebles right away and we all began to relax a bit.

A week went by and Tweebles worked just as hard as Rupert and Larry.    The act
was really beginning to come together and Charlie suggested we have a full dress
rehearsal in the bar.  He said he would make sure the bar was full so the guys
would get lots of exposure.   I agreed because I wanted to see how it would go
when there were a lot of people watching.

Charlie arranged for the rehearsal for  five days later.  

The day of the rehearsal Rupert and Larry did fine, however Tweebles was
nervous.  He was really on edge all morning.   Finally I decided I better find
out what was going on with him.

While the others took a break I pulled him over to the side and removed his nose
piece so he could be human.

"What's up, Tweebles.   You are not your usual self are you feeling sick?"  I
asked quietly.

"No Sir.  I am fine it is just this dress rehearsal has me on edge."  he
replied.

"Well that is only natural, even some of the best stars of stage and screen get
stage fright."  I replied.

"Well, Sir it is more than that.   Will any of the men attending know that I
once was a Master?" 

"Afraid so.   You can't keep something like that a secret.  I doubt there is
anyone within the entire system that doesn't know.   After all the whole point
of demoting you was to send a message out that behavior such as yours will not
be tolerated."  I answered.

"So they will all be laughing and making fun of me."  he said a tear in his eye.

"No I don't think that will happen at all.   I think they will have their fun as
Master types do when slaves are around.  They won't treat you any differently
then they treat any other slave.  They will definitely laugh and make fun of
you, but not because you are an ex-Master, they will do it because they love to
do that to dogslaves.   Hell you must have been to hundreds of these kinds of
affairs.   What you did to dogslaves when you attended is exactly what will
happen to you tonight."  I explained.

"Do you really think so?" he asked.  "I can handle that but I couldn't handle
the indignity of them laughing at an ex-Master, I would rather die, Sir." 

"Well I will be keeping a close eye on everything and won't let that happen,
that is a promise.    However you must give me your word that you will do your
very best tonight."  I replied.

"Ok Sir, I promise to do my best."  he said.

For your sake I hope you keep your word, I thought to myself.   Now my only real
problem was keeping mine.

The bar was packed.   All of the regulars were there plus others that I had seen
on occasion.   Among the Master's that I knew were Dieter, Granger, Giovanni and
Burton.  

As well my nemesis, Master Killer was  there along with all his cronies.   They
were the ones that I worried most about.  What would happen if they started to
molest Tweebles and I tried to stop it, I wondered.   Would Charlie back me or
him?   Well we would certainly find out if Killer stepped over the line into the
area that I promised Tweebles I would protect him against.

These thoughts were going through my mind as I sat at the table with Charlie 
waiting for the show to begin.  Pat was away and wouldn't be back until
tomorrow.  I was really stewing about the possibility of Killer doing something.

"What's up, Harold?"  Charlie's words cut into my thoughts.

"You look like hell.   Are you Ok?"  he asked in concern.

"Uhhh.......no.....uhhh... I'm ok." I stumbled over the words.

"No your not, now tell me what is wrong?" he demanded.

Well there was no way for me to get out of it, so I told him about my worry.

"Is that all, hell I can fix that." he said getting up from the table.

I watched as he made his way to Killer's table.   He pushed one of Killer's
cronies off his seat and sat down.   I watched as they talked.   Killer looked
straight at me a couple of times and laughed.   I didn't much like the looks of
that laugh.   Something told me I should have kept my mouth shut.

I watched as they shook hands.  Charlie then got up and made his way back to our
table.

"There that is all settled.  Killer has promised to be a good boy.  That make
you feel better?"  he asked.

"Thank you Charlie.   I really didn't want to get into an altercation with him
over it.   I made that promise to Tweebles and I will keep it no matter what." 
I said.

"Well it is now all settled, just relax and let us all enjoy this evening.  I
may have forgot to tell you but in the invitation to this evenings event I gave
very explicit instructions that the slavedogs were not to be touched or molested
in anyway, including verbal until after the performance.  I want to see if they
are good enough to win the first place trophy."  he informed me.

"Well I don't know if they will get first place, Charlie, but they are damned
good."  I replied.

Ten minutes later the door from my wing opened and the bar suddenly became
hushed.   Tweebles entered, he walked to the first table on his left, sniffed
around the trouser leg of one of the Master's seated there, then moved on to the
next.

Tweebles moved from table to table sniffing the trouser legs of those sitting
close by his approach.

Tweebles was a quarter of the way into the room before Suzy entered.   Suzy did
exactly the same thing however he moved to the right side of the room to make
his way to the stage.

A few minutes later Stinky entered, he went to the left side of the room to make
his way forward.   We now had three dogslaves in the bar making their way to the
stage sniffing the trousers and in some cases even the crotches of those sitting
close as they passed by.

There was a bit of hooting every once in a while but on the whole the bar was
relatively quiet as they made their way forward.

The most important part of this whole thing was about to happen.   Tweebles had
made it to the stage but instead of going up the ramp onto the stage he walked
to the front and stopped.   In this position he was visible to everyone in the
bar.

Just as innocently as you please he lifted his right leg and pissed against the
stage.  The roof was almost blown off the bar by the screams and yells of glee
that came from the audience.   Obviously they had never seen an actor piss on
the stage before, just as I had suspected.

Charlie looked at me and grinned then his big hand patted me on the shoulder.

"Hot damn boy but you are good, message received."  he yelled over the noise
from the crowd. I couldn't help but smile, I knew that of all the people here he
would be the only one that really appreciated the significance of that act.

After Tweebles finished pissing, Pete walked up and wiped Tweebles dick.  
Tweebles then made his way to the ramp and climbed up onto the stage.   The
crowd still yelling and clapping loudly.  This was being received much better
than I had anticipated.

Suzy made his way to the stage and climbed up.   He went to Tweebles and began
sniffing Tweebles ass.   Tweebles of course kept trying to get to Suzy's ass,
the whole thing was hilarious.    This went on until Stinky finally arrived.

With the three of them now in the act it was possible for them to all sniff and
lick each others asses at the same time.  From the ass they moved to the balls,
it was just a little too awkward getting to the now hard cocks, so the cocks
just throbbed and dribbled precum.

When Suzy figured he was ready and had wetted Tweebles love hole enough to be
able to penetrate he lifted himself up and mounted Tweebles.   Again the crowd
went wild.   From their position we could see Suzy's big dick enter Tweebles
love hole and push all the way in.

Suzy set up a gentle in-out rhythm.  Stinking was still licking Suzy's rose bud
and balls, but we could see that was becoming very difficult with Suzy's ass
humping away.

Stinky finally lifted himself up and mounted Suzy.   Again the crowd went wild
screaming out lewd remarks.

Although I had been with these guys everyday as they practiced, somehow watching
this happen on the stage in a crowded bar was very erotic.   My cock and risen
and was throbbing in my leather thong.   My hand dropped below the table and
began to rub my aching meat.

As I watched I thought back to when I had been doing exactly the same thing and
how much I had enjoyed it.   Suddenly I envied the three of them.   I wanted to
be up there with them, enjoying all of the erotic pleasure this was bringing
them.   Being a slave certainly had its good side.

It had become very, very hot in the bar.   I had broken out in a sweat and could
see that many others had as well.   I was thankful that Charlie was a non-smoker
and did not permit smoking anywhere in his buildings.   This room would have
really been a hell hole if it had also been full of tobacco smoke.

The scene on the stage was so erotic that many of the Masters had removed their
thongs and their personal slaves were now giving them blow jobs.  I thought oh
how nice it would be if Steven were here right about now.

Just as I had that thought I felt a hand removing my thong.  I looked down and
from under the table, looking up and smiling was the face of Steven.   He pulled
my thong away and placed his hot, moist lips around my throbbing, begging dick.

Steven's lips felt so good that an involuntary moan escaped from my throat.   
Charlie turned to look at me and gave me that evil grin.   I felt immediate
embarrassment.   Isn't it amazing how after all this time he can still make me
feel self-conscious just by looking at me.

Thankfully he only glanced and then turned back to the show.   It took real
effort from then on not to make any sounds at all.   I didn't want that evil
grin  again.

Steven was deep throating my dick and it was all I could do to sit still and be
quiet.    I wanted to scream out to the world how great it felt to have Steven's
lips wrapped around my cock.

Steven had picked up the pace and I knew it wouldn't be long before I blew my
load down his eager throat.   The action on stage was hot and wild as well.

Tweebles was on fire with pleasure.   He was moaning out loud each time Suzy
plowed his big cock in deep.   Suzy was doing the same thing each time Stinky
rammed his dick home.    Even Stinky was moaning in pleasure.   From all around
the room came the sounds of men getting it on.

The smell of sex and male musk mingled with the smell of the beer, adding to the
erotic tension that filled the room.   Steven was working his magic on my cock
and I could no longer hold back my moans of pleasure.  

It was then that I noticed that Charlie was also caught up in this whole thing. 
I spotted henry's head bobbing back and forth at Charlie's crotch.   A small
smile curled up the edges of my lips and I let out a loud moan of pleasure.

"Oh yeah Steven suck that cock."

Then I saw Suzy stiffen and knew he was about to blow his load.   Stinky caught
it as well and then he stiffened.  Not to be out done my own balls lifted up and
I shot my first hot load deep into Steven's throat.

All over the room men were blowing their nuts.   A funny thought entered my mind
just at that moment.  What was the world record for a group of men all cuming at
the same time?    It made me giggle as I continued to unload in Steven's hot
mouth and throat.

The action on the stage was now moving to the next part of the act.  Stinky
dismounted from Suzy and Suzy dismounted from Tweebles.    Suzy went straight
for Tweebles ass and began to lick up his love juices which were now oozing from
Tweebles love hole. 

Stinky did exactly the same thing to Suzy.   Tweebles could do nothing but stand
there on all fours and enjoy the continued stimulation of his rose bud.   His
dick was still throbbing and dribbling precum all over the stage.

Stinky and Suzy continued to lick until their respective rose buds were
sparkling clean.  They then went down to the balls.  That was Pete's cue.   He
walked up onto the stage and snapped his fingers.

All three dogs turned towards him at the same time.  He snapped his fingers
again and they all went to him.   This was all choreographed so that Tweebles
would be in the center with Stinky on his left and Suzy on his right.   Pete
would be in front of Tweebles.

Pete then ordered all three to sit, which they did instantly.   He then moved
forward, held his hand over Tweebles head and snapped his fingers twice.

Tweebles immediately got up into the beg position.   His paws out front and his
big hard dick bobbing up and down and still dribbling precum.   Pete then
pointed at Stinky and snapped his fingers once then he turned quickly and did
the same to Suzy.

Both dogslaves turned inward, dropping to all fours at the same time and moved
in towards Tweebles.   It was obvious to the crowd what was going to go down
now.  Both Stinky and Suzy began to lick Tweebles throbbing, swollen dick.  
This just about brought the roof down.  The crowd was shouting and screaming
there approval. 

Charlie turned and gave me a big smile.

"It looks like you did it, Harold.   Congratulations."  he yelled above the din.

"Thank you, Sir."  I shouted back.

There was one thing for sure, even if this act didn't win at the Gay Pride
Parade, it sure as hell would be a big hit and be talked about for a long time
afterwards.

Stinky and Suzy continued to lick Tweebles dick and balls.    A couple of times
Tweebles started to drop his paws, he wanted to masturbate so badly, but he
caught himself in time.

The idea here was that Stinky and Suzy were to bring Tweebles off, but only with
their lips and tongue's.   They were not permitted to take Tweebles cock into
their mouths.  They were both using every trick they could think of to stimulate
that cock and make it cum.

They had a good reason to want to bring Tweebles off as quickly as possible.  I
had told them that if they could do it with just their lips and tongues in under
15 minutes I would give them both a blow job.

Tweebles had protested that he should be in on that as well, after all it was
his cock.   He was not very impressed with my response:

"You are my slave, Tweebles.   Your primary function in life is to make me
happy.   Now would I be happy if I, a Master had to get down on my knees and
suck off two of my slaves because you can not control your own cum?"

That statement shocked him.   He had not been expecting it at all.   Therefore
my next little bit really threw him for a loop.

"If you cum in less than 15 minutes  I am going to let Pete stretch your nuts
for 2 hours using Larry's ball stretcher torture.   Now I know it is a painful
ordeal because I have been through it.   So if you want to avoid agonizing pain
to your nuts don't cum with in that first fifteen minutes."  

I gave him a big smile.  I could see he didn't much like this little competition
at all.   I was pretty damned sure he could last the full fifteen minutes or
would not have even suggested such a thing as Larry's ball torture.   But I
figured if Stinky and Suzy had some incentive they would give a really great
show.  As it turned out I was right.

The crowd was really going wild, Stinky and Suzy were working their mouths off
trying to make Tweebles come.   Long silver strings of precum kept dribbling out
of Tweebles piss slit and one or the other of the dogslaves would lap it up
quickly.

There was still two minutes to go for the 15 minute game.    Tweebles was
beginning to look like he wouldn't make it and I was beginning to worry because
I didn't really want to have Pete torture his balls. 

Tweebles lips were trembling as he tried to think of anything that would turn
off his need to cum.   His forehead was dripping large drops of sweat.   The
drops  coursed down across his eyebrows and dropped onto his cheeks and then
continued down to the jaw before dropping onto one of the licking dogslaves.

Pete finaly gave Tweebles and I the sign that the 15 minute limit had been
surpassed.   I gave a sigh of relief and the relief on Tweebles face was
obvious.   A big grin split his glum continence and his eyes grew brighter.  
Now all his thoughts were on blowing that load out of his aching balls.

It wasn't long in cuming either.   Suddenly his dick lifted up, just like a 105
mm Howitzer, it took aim and fired a long, white rope of man juice towards the
crowd.

The room got suddenly very quiet as that rope of hot, white cum lifted up into
the air.   It seemed to be travelling in slow motion as all eyes followed its
progress.

Stinky and Suzy had not been prepared for the unloosing of Tweebles nut juice
and were surprised when his cock suddenly went up towards his belly.   Before
they could catch up to it, the large string of cum went shooting right passed
their noses.   Too late, Stinky tried to grab it in mid air.  But it travelled
out and over the edge of the stage landing with what I swear was a loud plop on
the floor.

The crowd broke into a loud ovation, with screaming, clapping and stamping of
feet.  

Stinky turned his attention to Tweebles dick, he wanted the next shot.  

As it started to leave the piss slit Stinky leaned forward to catch it but again
he missed.   Suzy on the other hand was much quicker and he lunged forward and
caught the juicy morsel.

For the second or third time that night the crowd almost brought the roof down
with their cheering.   I noticed a scowl cross Stinky's face, he was not happy
to have been bested by this brand new kid.  The rest of Tweebles load was going
to be fought over, I could see.

Stinky was a little faster on the third shot and caught it.   He got an ovation
from the crowd, mind you it was hard to tell one ovation from another because it
was constant.

He also caught the fourth but missed the fifth and sixth, Suzy got those.   The
seventh was just a small dribble and they both missed.   Suzy however didn't
wait for an invitation to lick up the dribble from Tweebles nuts.

After that it was just a clean up job which both Stinky and Suzy accomplished in
short order.   It was now time for the dogslaves to go down into the crowd and
suck a few of the Master's cocks.  

I vowed I would keep a close eye on my two dogslaves.   I was not prepared to
let any of these yahoos do anything to hurt them.   They would definitely not
get swizzle sticks pushed into their dicks, I was bound, bent and determined to
stop any such action.  I needed these guys for that parade next week and I
wanted their cocks in tip top shape.

I was not too worried about Suzy, he was new and most of the crowd would treat
him ok.    It was Tweebles I was worried about.  They all knew he was an ex
Master and they knew why he had been demoted.    I was worried some of them may
try to get back at him for past indignities.

Everything was going smoothly with no problems at all until Tweebles started to
pass by Killer's table.   Killer yelled out at the top of his lungs, to make
sure everyone in the room could here.

"Well lookie here boys, if it ain't the great Sir George himself."

I didn't wait for another word.   I looked at Charlie and said.

"Damn you.   I made a fucking promise and now it has been fucking broken.  You
better have a good explanation for this one Charlie."   I said in anger as I
made my way from our table over towards Killer.

Steven followed close behind me.   When I reached Killer's table I turned to
Steven and told him to take Tweebles back to his room.   I then turned to
Killer.

"You rotten Sonofabitch.   I have put a lot of work into training him to do what
he did tonight and you just may have fucked that all up.    If you ever touch or
make a smart remark to one of my slaves again I promise you, you will regret
it."  I yelled at Killer.

He was so stunned by my outburst that he didn't say a word.   The entire bar had
become deadly quiet, so everyone had heard every word I said to him.   Before he
could regain his senses I turned and began to leave the bar.

"Pete,"  I called out,  "please bring the other two dogs back to the training
room."

I headed straight to the cell room.   Steven had already started to remove the
doggie outfit from Tweebles.

"I am very sorry about what happened out there.   I am your Master and it was my
job to look after your best interests and I failed.   All I can do is ask you to
forgive me."   I said.

"It is ok, Sir." he replied,  "If I had been in Killer's place I probably would
have done the same thing.   I was a pretty rotten asshole when I was a Master.  
Perhaps all Master's should spend a year or so as slaves before they become
eligible to be Master's.   I know that I have an entirely different outlook
after the experiences of the last couple of weeks.   I was a real bastard and
didn't deserve to be a Master."

"I think you are right on the money there, Sir George."   I answered using his
real name and title.

He had learned a very valuable lesson and I thought he deserved to be treated
with respect for having learned it so quickly.

"I am going to give you your name back, George.  However we do not use or
recognize titles in Canada, so we will not use the, Sir.    When you are in
doggie mode you will be Tweebles.   I am impressed that you have learned so much
so fast and are regretful for your past actions."  I informed him.

"Thank you, Sir.   I will do my best to live up to your expectations, Sir.  
From today onwards my goal will be to serve you."  he said humbly.

"You are welcome, George and welcome to the team." I said holding out my hand
and we shook.

Steven had sat by quietly during this discussion.   He held out his hand and
welcomed George to the team as well.

The three of us were just getting up from the floor when Pete arrived with the
other two dogs.  With four of us it didn't take long to get them out of the dog
outfits.

"What the hell happened out there?"

Were the first words out of Larry's mouth once the nose piece was removed.

"Ah, just Killer up to his old shenanigans, but Master Harold set him straight." 
Pete said with pride.

"Wow.   Do you know your the only one, other than Charlie that has ever spoken
to Killer like that and walked away!"  Larry exclaimed.

"Well the next time he crosses me he had best be prepared for a fight to the
death, because I will not stand for his interference with my slaves."  I said
quietly.

"You are serious aren't you, Harold?"  Larry said in awe.

"Oh, yes.   Very serious, Larry."  I replied.

"Now let's forget all that shit and discuss  the act.   First off, you guys were
fantastic.   Every cock in that room was hard as a rock through the entire act. 
If we can do that for the judges at the parade then I think we will get that
fucking trophy that Charlie wants so badly."  I enthused.

"How did it look from your end, Pete?"  I asked.

"I agree, Sir.   Everything went exactly as we rehearsed.   In fact I think it
went even better than our rehearsals."  Pete replied.

"Larry, what about from your angle?" I asked.

"Well it was fucking hot, I'll tell ya that.  Man I ain't been turned on like
that in quite some time.    Everything just seemed to come together perfectly.  
Tweebles and Suzy did a fantastic job."  Larry answered.

"How about you, Rupert.   I know this was your first time doing something like
this in front of a large audience.   What did you think of it?" 

"Well Sir, I gotta admit I was scared shitless going out there.   However I just
concentrated on doing what we rehearsed and it all seemed to go good.  By the
time I got to the stage I was ready to fuck anything that moved."  he laughed.

We all laughed at that.

"Hell he is as horny as you were when you first started Harold."  Pete said with
a chuckle.

"Any other comments Rupert?" I asked when we all stopped laughing.

"Only that I found it very, very hot.   I mean in terms of the temperature in
the room.   Next time we do it how about getting someone to turn on the air
conditioner." 

"Yeah, your right.   I was finding it that way myself."  I replied.   "I will
make a note of that for next time we work the bar."

"Oh, guys before I forget, I have given George his name back.   He will only be
known as Tweebles when in doggie mode from now on."   I said.

"Well George you were the first man in, what did you think?"  I asked.

"Well Sir, I have to admit I had me one hell of a time.   I can't remember when
I enjoyed an event as much as this one.   I think I am going to enjoy this slave
life.   So much more fun than being a Master."  he said with a big smile.

"Did you see anything that we could improve on?"  I asked.

"No, I think it is perfect right now.   I only wish this had been the
performance for the judges.   If we can do it for them  exactly as we did
tonight I am positive we will win."  he explained.

"Thanks George.   Well guys take a well deserved break.   What would everyone
like to drink, I am buying."  I called out.

The next morning I awoke in a foul mood.  Perhaps I had been dreaming about
Charlie's trechery, I don't know.   I only know I was feeling really angry. 
Normally I would have gone to the bar to have breakfast, but this morning I was
just too angry to be able to face Charlie.

I sent Steven to the kitchen to make us breakfast, I didn't want anything more
to do with Charlie until after I had spoken to Pat.   I was sure he would censor
Charlie for going against my wishes.

I didn't expect Pat would return from his trip until late morning or early
afternoon.  Until then I would stay clear of Charlie.

After breakfast we went to the cell room and ran the guys through the whole
routine once more.   Then I decided that we would all go out into the center
court and shoot some baskets.   After all, all sex and no play makes for a
drained athlete.  Besides I had a lot of anger to work off and that seemed a
good way to do it.

I had lunch with the guys in the cell room, well Steven, Rupert and George.  
Pete and Larry went to the bar to have lunch with Charlie.

After lunch I sent them all to the gym and pool for the afternoon.  Still
feeling very uptight, I went to my room to try and take a nap.   I was no sooner
on my bed when there was a knock at my door.  

"Come in." I called out as I got up off the bed.

To my surprise it was Pat.  I went right to him, took him in my arms and we
kissed.

"Welcome home Pat." I said.  "I missed you."

"Missed you too, Harold.   But guess there has been some problems while I was
gone.   Charlie says you are not talking to him."

"That Sonofabitch pulled a real boner last night.   I told him that I had
promised George that no one would razzle him about being a demoted Master.  
Charlie agreed then went over, supposedly to tell Killer to cool it.   Instead
the two of them decided to really sock it to George."  I said angrily.

"Would that really have been so bad, Harold?"  Pat asked.

"Did you not hear what I said, Pat?   I made a promise to one of my slaves.  A
promise, my word, I gave my word that he would not be razzed.  Now that may not
seem like much to you, but to me it is more important than anything else."  I
retorted.

"Come now, Harold.  You are making a mountain out of a mole hill here.   Besides
not speaking to Charlie is being very childish, don't you think."  he said
shortly.

"Oh, so Charlie screws up and I am the one to blame, huh!   I am childish
because I protest.   Well Pat, let me set you straight.   You made me a Master,
I didn't ask for it.   As a Master I made a promise to one of my slaves and I
was unable to keep that promise.  Do you know what that makes me.......it makes
me a fucking asshole in the eyes of my slaves, that is what it does."  I
screamed.

"Hey, Harold, hold on now don't go off the deep end on this."  Pat tried to
sooth.

"Don't go off the fucking deep end, well fuck you and your little red wagon. 
You don't give a shit about my feelings, all you care about is your precious
fucking Charlie.   Well the two of you can go straight to fucking hell for all I
care."  I screamed and stomped out of the room.

"Harold, come back and be reasonable."  Pat called.

I paid no attention as I stomped down the hall to the bar.  The tension had been
building up in me since I awoke this morning and now the lid had blown off the
kettle.   I entered the bar, Charlie was sitting at his table and he looked up.  
A smile crossed his face, well that tore it even more.  The bastard had figuered
that Pat had got him off the hook, oh was he mistaken.

"You fucking prick."  I yelled at him as I headed for the door to the street.

The smile dropped from his face and he began to turn red.   I didn't see anymore
because I was up the stairs and heading towards Queen Street.    I heard the
door of the bar open and close again behind me.   I didn't bother to turn to
look see who it was.

I just had to get out of that building and go for a long walk.   I had to get
this all straight in my mind and come to terms with what had obviously happened. 
Pat had taken Charlie's side, he didn't really love me at all, at least not the
way I had thought he did. 

"Harold wait up." I heard Pat call from behind me.

"Fuck you." I screamed out, not bothering to turn around.

"Come on Harold be reasonable." he called.

This time I didn't bother to answer at all but just kept walking at a rapid
pace.   My mind was in a real turmoil.   I could feel ice cold tears dropping
down my cheeks.   I loved Pat and he had taken Charlie's side over mine, that
was all I could think of.

I don't know where my mind was, perhaps if Pat had not followed me things would
have been different.   I had reached Queen Street but instead of turning right
or left I walked right out into the roadway of one of the busiest streets in
Toronto.

"HAROLD, LOOK OUT." I heard Pat scream.

I turned to see what he was yelling about  just as the car slammed into me.   I
could hear it's horn blaring and the screech of it's tires as the darkness
closed in.

To be continued.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




This story is fiction,  a figment of my warped imagination.  Should the
characters in this story even remotely bare similarities to any real person,
living or dead,  it was purely accidental and any such similarities are strictly
coincidences.

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't. If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

The author does not necessarily condone or subscribe to the behavior discussed
in this story.  It was written strictly as a form of entertainment.  Acts
described are pure fantasy on my part and should not be attempted by anyone that
does not know what the hell they are doing.

PLEASE NOTE:  This chapter was run through the MSWord2000 spell checker.   I
have made every attempt to try and ensure spelling is correct, however this
story is written in every day speech.   I used my own spelling for slang and
street words that do not do not appear in the spell checker dictionary.   As
well, the grammar is most likely less than perfect, I am not an English major.  
If you want good grammar and absolutely perfect spelling, I would suggest you go
to your favorite book store and buy a story by a professional writer.   You get
what you pay for.

Story codes:  M/M/Anal/Oral/Bond/NC/Spank/Hum/cbt/WS

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  


A Daymare on Kelly Street

by Rob

Chapter 50

The Daymare Ends

The shadows were closing in, I was running as fast as my legs would carry me,
but it was no use.    They had found  my signal, my vibes, my halo, whatever it
was that drew them to me, they now were locked on to it and I couldn't shake
them.

I was gasping for air but still I refused to give up, after all this time
evading them, I did not want to give up.  I did not want to die.

"Go away." I screamed through a throat rasping and dry from the tremendous
volume of air that passed through on it's way to my lungs and out again.

"Leave me alone.   What have I ever done to hurt you.   Haven't I suffered
enough.   Leave me alone, go away."  

But they did not stop, closer and closer they came.  The faster I ran the faster
they closed the distance between us.   Suddenly a rope, strung across my path, I
couldn't avoid it.  It trips me and I go flying through the air.   The shadows
close in, I can hear them,  wispy noises, hundreds of wispy noises as they head
in for the kill.   Then I recognize what the wispy noises are..........it is
laughter........ thousands of voices all laughing......... laughing........ at
me.

I have done the best I could, given my all, but it was not enough.   Now they
are closing in laughing at a fool, a fool that now must die.

I closed my eyes and all fight left me.  I felt nothing, the shadows should have
taken me.   But there was nothing, no feeling, not even the sounds of them
laughing.   Just nothing.  

Do they have me?  

Am I dead?  

Is death nothing? 

No feeling?

No sounds?

Just a black, silent hell?

But wait, I see light.  

Light through my closed eyelids.  

Light,  getting brighter and brighter.

What is happening?

Where am I?

Sounds, I hear sounds.

Muffled sounds, but sounds.

And the light is getting brighter.

"My God, get Dr Charles." a voice calls out.   "He's coming round.  He is
finally coming round."

I heard it.  A voice.  A real human voice, calling for a doctor.    I am not
dead.   The light is getting brighter.   The sounds clearer.

The sounds are the sounds of.... of a.......hospital room.   Yes, I am sure, it
is a hospital room.  I can also smell it, yes, the unmistakable smells of a
hospital room.

The light is brighter and the haze that has clouded my vision begins to clear. 
I can see the outline of people, dressed in green outfits.   Yes it must be a
hospital room.   I didn't die.    But I should have died.   The shadows had me,
I should have died.

Then I remembered the car heading straight for me.   It's horn blaring, the
tires screeching, Pat screaming for me to watch out.

"Noooooooooooooooo." I screamed out loud in my anguish.

Arms around me soothing me.

"It's ok Harold.   It's ok.   No one will hurt you here, it is ok."  the voice
says, my vision still too blurry to distinguish features.

But the voice!  I recognize the voice.   It is Josh.   I swear it is Josh, but
shouldn't it have been Pat?   Pat was with me when the car struck.   Where was
Pat?

I was crying, I could feel hot tears running down and across my cheeks.  Josh's
voice, quietly, calmly soothing, making me feel safe.   My vision was clearing
slowly, but still too blurry to distinguish anything.

"It's ok Harold, Dr Charles will be here in a moment, everything will be fine.  
Just relax." Josh spoke gently.

Then the voice, Charlie's voice filled the room.

"How long?" Charlie's voice said.

"Go away Charlie.  I want nothing to do with you, you treacherous bastard." I
screamed out.

I tried to sit up but my body would not respond to my desires.   Oh shit was I
crippled for life?   Had my back been broken in the accident.  These thoughts
suddenly running loose through my head, calmed down my anger at Charlie.

"He may have been living in some kind of nightmare while in the coma and our
voices are wrapped up in that nightmare.    Mine obviously has struck a sour
cord with him.   But we have to bring him completely around Josh."  Charlie's
voice said.

"I agree Sir.  I think he has his full hearing back but I don't think he has his
vision.    The pupils are still not very responsive." Josh's voice.

They were talking about me.  

A coma? 

Nightmare?

What the hell was happening?

"Harold, can you hear me?" Josh's voice.

"Yes." I managed to utter through parched lips and raw throat.

"Listen carefully Harold.   You are in the Sunnybrooke Medical Centre.  I am
Doctor Joshua Rainier.   I have been looking after you.   You were in a traffic
accident and have been in a coma for sometime.   You have nothing to fear,
Harold.  We are all friends here and will look after you." Josh explained.

"Yes I remember the car, the horn and the sound of those tires screeching.  
Then nothing but blackness."  I answered.

"You remember the accident?"  Josh sounded astonished.

"Yes, why wouldn't I remember it.  I saw it too late.  I should never have
walked out onto Queen Street like that.   What a stupid thing to do."  I said.

"Queen Street?   But the accident didn't happen on Queen Street, Harold.   It
happened on Dufferin Street at the Dufferin Gate  to the CNE."  Josh said.

"It couldn't have.  I was rushing up Kelly Street.  Pat said something to me
that really pissed me off and with out thinking I walked right out into the
traffic of Queen Street."  I explained.

There was silence for a moment and then Charlie's voice spoke.

"Josh, I would like to speak with you privately for a moment." 

"Just relax, Harold.  I will only be a moment."  Josh said and then got up.

Through blurred vision I watched him go over and stand beside and the man he
called Doctor Charles.  They spoke in a whisper, but strangely enough I could
hear every word they said.

"Josh, it could be that he relived the accident while in coma.   He may have
worked it into whatever dreams he was having."  Dr Charles explained.

I didn't understand what the hell they were talking about.  Why were they
talking about some guy that had been in a coma, they should have been talking
about me.

"How much should I tell him, Sir?"  Josh asked, and I noted that he used the
title, Sir.

"Whatever he wants to know, Josh.  Start by asking him about the day he arrived
here.   Let's see how much of that he remembers."  Dr Charles whispered back.

"Ok, Sir, but stop me if you think I am going too far."  Josh said and he came
back over to the bed and sat down beside me.

"Harold do you remember the day and month that you went out for that walk to the
Dufferin Gates at the CNE?" he asked.

"Yes, I will never forget that date, it was the day I entered the bar on Kelly
Street." I replied.

"What was the date, Harold?" he asked.

"It was the 15th of July 2001, a Saturday." I answered.

"Do you know what today's date is?" he asked.

"Uhmmm....no ..... as a matter of fact I don't." I replied, feeling confused.

"It is Wednesday, the 21st of August, 2002." he said.

"So I was with Charlie for just over a year, it seemed like a couple of years."
I said.

"No, Harold.  You were not with anyone named Charlie.  You were right here, in
this bed.   You have been here the whole time Harold, except for a few nights
spent in the recovery room after various surgeries performed to repair your
body."

"Here!   Repair my body.   But that's impossible.   Charlie kidnapped me and has
been holding me as a slave.   I couldn't possibly have been here."  I was
astounded.

"You were struck by a car, that was rammed by another car that was involved in a
police chase.   The car that ran over you was pushed onto the sidewalk by the
speeding car.   You sustained severe head trauma and multiple fractures,
Harold." he spoke the words quietly, slowly, letting them sink in.

"You mean Charlie was a dream?" I asked incredulously.

"Yes Harold, it sounds like you were having one doozy of a nightmare."

He didn't say anything more.  He just let me try to absorb the startling things
he had just revealed.   If Charlie was a nightmare, then Dieter, Pat, Pete,
Larry, everyone that I had met recently, was a part of a nightmare.   Not real.  
Figments of my imagination.

Wait a minute.   If it was a nightmare, how come, Josh was sitting here beside
me.   He was there, just as Pat and Pete were.

"But if it were a nightmare, Josh, how come you were there?    You were my
doctor at one point.    I don't understand any of this."

"Harold it is not unusual for a coma patient to hear voices in the hospital
room, to even see faces and associate them with a dream while they are in the
coma.   What you have probably done is associated some of the staff with your
dream.    Don't be surprised if in the next few days people from your dream
start turning up in this room, the nurses, some of the hospital technicians,
x-ray, the lab, the cleaning staff, even some of your visitors.  A lot of people
moved through this room in the past year." he explained.

His face was starting to take on definition.   It was definitely Josh.   I would
be glad when this blurring ended.

All of this revelation started me thinking and now a question was on my lips.  
I had to know the answer.

"Josh,  what about Pat.   Do you know if anyone named Pat looked after me?" I
asked almost in a whisper, afraid the answer would be no.

"Yes, Harold.   Pat has probably been your most frequent visitor.   He will be
here around four o'clock.   He comes everyday and sits with you for two hours.  
He reads to you, talks to you and just generally makes sure we give you the best
treatment we can." he said

"A visitor.   He is not a doctor then?" I asked.

"Oh he is a doctor, Harold.   One of the most skilled Orthopedic Surgeons in the
Country.   He was also behind the wheel of the car that ran over you.   Even
though it was not his fault, he has felt guilty.    He performed all the surgery
that repaired your broken bones.   He will be a very happy man today." he said.

A tear formed in my eyes and I could feel it begin to run down my cheek.

"He was important to you in the dream, wasn't he, Harold." Josh asked.

"Yes, Josh.  Very, very important.   But I imagine he won't want much to do with
me now.   Particularly when he finds out I am Gay." I said sadly.

"Interesting that you should say that Harold, because just about all the staff
that has been looking after you is also Gay.   I am Gay and if it will set your
mind at ease, so is Dr Phillips, Pat to you." he said.

"Your kidding?" I stammered.

"No, also just for your info, you are one horny sonofabitch.   You always seem
to have a harden." he said and started laughing.

I think I must have turned a little pink.   But then realized how funny it must
have looked and began to laugh myself.

The laugh did something, because suddenly my eyesight cleared and there was
Josh.   Just as beautiful as he was in my dream,  kissable lips and green eyes.

"I can see again Josh and it really is you.   Even those magnificent green
eyes."  I shouted out happily.

"If everything you say is true, and it looks like it is, then I have a sneaky
suspicion that Dr Charles will look like  Master Charlie.    Master Charlie was
a real bastard.   Doctor Charles voice sounds like Charlie's voice." I said with
a bit of a tremble.

"This Charlie from your dream must really have hurt you, Harold.   Dr Charles
may have hurt you at the very beginning and you associated that with him.   He
had to be very rough with you,  you were not fighting to live and he had to do
some fairly nasty things to get your will to live going.  But be assured, he is
a very gentle, loving man.   He really cares about your welfare." Josh
explained.

"Dr Charles is a wonderful man and one of the finest neurosurgeons in Canada. 
He would never hurt anyone without very, very good cause."  Josh quietly tired
to reassure me.

I was feeling very tired by all these revelations.   My head was spinning.  
Rupert, Sir George, Steven all part of a dream.   Even Pat, the man that I love
beyond reason, just a part of my dream.  I let my eyes close trying to get it
all into perspective.

"I think that will be enough for now, Harold.   That is a lot of info for you to
crunch all at once.   Have a rest and I will be here when you wake up.   We can
talk some more then, ok."  he asked.

"Yes."  I whispered.  "Thank you, Josh, I am very tired."

I fell into a deep, dreamless sleep.

I came out of my sleep feeling a warm hand holding mine.   I opened my eyes and
there, sitting beside me was the love of my life, Pat.

"Oh, Pat, I just had the worst dream you can imagine.   I dreamed that you and
Charlie and everyone was just a nightmare.  That I had......." I  suddenly
stopped in mid sentence as I surveyed my surroundings.

I was in the hospital room in which I had dreamed about Josh.   Startled I tried
to sit up, but found I didn't have the muscular strength to do so.

"Whoa, whoa there Harold."  Pat's voice broke into my thoughts.

"You were not dreaming, you are in a hospital.   You have been in a coma for
just a little over a year."  he said softly.

I looked deep into his eyes and mine filled with tears.

"I am so confused.   My life seems so turned upside down, I don't know what to
believe."  I cried.

Pat moved closer, he leaned over and kissed me on the forehead.

"It is ok, Harold.   Just relax, it will all straighten itself out in a day or
so.   Josh tells me that you have been living in a nightmare and have associated
people from the hospital into your dream.   It is ok, it happens sometimes.  
You will probably see most of then during the next few days."  he spoke
authoritatively, trying to assure me that everything would be ok.

I listened and watched his eyes as he spoke, this was the same Pat from my
dream.   How could that be, how could I come to know him so well if I were in a
coma?    But the big question in my mind was, did he still love me?

I had to know if he at least cared for me even a little bit.  I guess my dream
had given me a lot of confidence because I asked him point blank.

"Pat, in my dream you and I had a very special relationship.  Well to be
perfectly honest we were in love.   I need to know if you at least care for me a
little."

He looked at me with a serious look for just a moment, then a big smile spread
across his face.

"Harold, I fell in love with the idea of you.    I fantasized many times about
what you would be like when you awoke from the coma.   I talked with Mrs. Jones,
your landlady and a few of your coworkers.   They all spoke highly of you, but
said you were quiet and seldom talked.   That you were more or less a loner."  

He squeezed my hand in what I took to be a sign of affection, so I squeezed
back.

"That made me think that you were probably not a loner at all but a very
submissive young man that needed a strong, aggressive partner.   I decided that
if that turned out to be the case I would like to be the one to help you
overcome your loneliness."  he said slowly and carefully.

"You say you loved the me of your dream, Harold, but I wonder if you will  love
the real me?   I am very self-centered and can be very demanding
on my friends and partners.   Do you think you can handle a relationship like
that?"  he asked.

I looked at him and giggled.

"Pat, you have no idea what my dream was like.   I was a slave, kidnapped by
Master Charlie and it turned out you also were involved.   I was treated
terribly at first while they trained me to obey.   I survived that, Pat, still
loving the Pat of my dream.   I don't think life with you in reality could be
anywhere near as bad as that early part of my dream."  I replied.

"Well, we shall see Harold.  I am willing to give it a try if you are."  he
said.

"Oh I am definitely ready to give it a try Pat, I never want to be separated
from you.   I love you." 

"Well the first thing we must do is get you up on your feet again.   You have
been on your back for a very long time and although we have exercised your
muscles every day, you are still going to have to learn how to walk all over
again."  he said.

Pat sat with me and talked for a couple of hours.   He finally said he had to go
home and get some sleep, he had surgery early in the morning.  

We said good night and Pat leaned over and kissed me, on the lips.   The first
kiss in reality.   His lips were warm and inviting, his tongue hot and the taste
of him even sweeter than I remembered from my dream.   Without even realizing it
was happening my dick stood straight up.

When we finally broke off the kiss, Pat stood up and turned to leave, then
stopped.

"Oh, my Harold you seem to have risen, again."   he said with a smile.

"Again!"  I asked turning pink with embarrassment.

"Yes, most evenings you end up with a hard on before I leave.   However normally
all I ever do is read to you.  Afraid I really do have to get home to bed or I
would help you with that.   But don't worry, I will send Pete in.   You have
always responded well to him."  Pat said.

"Pete!   You mean Pete is here?  Oh great, Pete and I became good friends in the
dream.   Oh what a set of balls that man has."  I said in a sudden childish
outburst.

"Mmmmm really.   I'll have to ask him about his balls."  Pat said, then gave a 
little chuckle as he headed out of the room.

He stopped at the doorway, turned and looked right at me.

"Good night, Harold and welcome back to reality."

"Good night Pat.  It is good to be back, I guess."  I replied doubtfully.

He left the room and a moment later Pete entered.

"Oh shit Pete is it ever good to see you."  I blurted out.

"Good to see you too, Harold, but we have never met before.   Oh, I have been
looking after you but you were always away off in another world somewhere."  he
said with a smile.

"Perhaps, Pete, but believe it or not you were there with me and I am really
glad you are with me now."

Pete blushed at bit at that.

"Are you a doctor too, Pete?"  I asked.

"No, Harold.  I am a Nurse.   I have been spending almost every night with you
since you were brought in.  Doctor Phillips hired me to be your evening nurse." 
he said.

"Doctor Phillips!"   I exclaimed.   "Don't think I know him." 

"Doctor Pat Phillips, he just left Harold.  He has been very concerned about
you."  Pete explained.

"Oh, how stupid of me.   Now I remember Josh told me that Pat's last name was
Phillips and I forgot."

"How are you feeling Harold?"  he asked.

"Ok, I guess.   Still a little overwhelmed by it all." 

"Well before we do anything else I am going to remove all these tubes we have
sticking in you.  You won't be needing them anymore."  he said.

"Tubes!"

"Yeah, we have had to feed you through intravenous.   You won't be needing that
anymore." he said as he removed the sheet from my right leg.

"Doctor Phillips put it into your leg because you kept pulling it out of your
hand.    He didn't want to strap your arms down.   They were the only part of
your body that you ever moved on your own while you were in coma."  he said.

He removed the catheter and placed a bandage over the small wound.

"Ummm, there is something else Harold.  Now don't be embarrassed but we had to
insert a tube into your rectum to remove solid waste, we couldn't have you
shitting your self all the time."  he explained.

I am sure I turned scarlet over that one, at least I felt a whole bunch of blood
go rushing to my head.

"Now I am going to lift your right leg and remove the tube.   It might feel a
little uncomfortable while I am doing it but the discomfort will soon pass. Ok."
he asked.

"Yes, go ahead."  I replied.

I watched as he lifted my right leg then I felt a big dick being pulled out of
my ass.   Oh man did that feel good but now my poor love hole was feeling
abandoned.  I wanted that tube or whatever the hell it was back in.

Pete saw the look on my face.

"Are you ok, it isn't hurting is it?"

"Ahhhhhh...nnnno....ahhh it....ahh is not hurting." I replied in acute
embarrassment.

He had interpreted the look on my face to be a grimace instead of ecstasy and I
wasn't about to explain.

My dick should have given it all away anyway.   It was still hard and it felt
like it was inside a tube trying to burst it's way out.   That tight feeling
just made my excitement even greater.

Pete returned to the bed after disposing of the rectal tubes or whatever the
hell they were called.

"Now I will just remove the glove that let's you pee without getting your
bedding wet." he said lifting the cover again.

I watched as he worked.  Pete didn't bat an eye as he removed the thing from my
throbbing dick.  I don't know why I was feeling so self-conscious considering
all the times Pete and I had been naked together and the things we had done to
each other.

Then I remembered that we had done those things in a different reality than this
one.   In actual fact we had never done anything together.  Damn, it was so
bloody confusing.

"There Harold, that should feel much better now."  Pete said with a smile.

"It doesn't."  I said.

"Pardon!"  Pete asked with surprise.

"It doesn't feel better."  I replied.  "It felt much better before you removed
that stuff.    I really like the feeling of that thing on my cock."

Pete looked at me in sudden embarrassment.    I saw his cheeks turning a pretty
shade of pink.

"Relax Pete.   No need to be embarrassed by me.   In my dream we had some really
fantastic sex."  I said trying to help him relax.

"Did Doctor Phillips tell you that part of my duties were to help you get it
off?"  he asked.

"No, he didn't.   You mean while I was in coma you helped me keep my nuts
empty?"  I asked in surprise.

"Yeah.   One of my duties was to make sure you came whenever you got a hard on.  
Must admit I really enjoyed it." he suddenly laughed as he began to relax.

He came over and sat in the chair beside the bed.

"I am really going to miss looking after you Harold.   This has been one of the
best nursing jobs I have ever had.   I think I may even have fallen in love with
you in a crazy kind of way.  After all it was all one sided."  he explained
sheepishly.

"Well I am going to miss having you around too Pete.   Most of the time after
you had finished teaching me the things I needed to know, you were like a right
hand man to me.  I don't know what I would have done without you."  I said,
trying to sit up but not succeeding.

"Whoa there Harold, don't try that you will only hurt yourself.   The physio
people will be in first thing in the morning and they will have you moving
around in no time.  But until then don't try to move, you really do need their
help."  Pete warned.

"Ok, but I really want to get up and move around.   My body feels like lead."  I
said.

"Well you must remember that you have not tried to move any of your muscles for
over a year.    The only movement they have had is from the physio exercises
that you got everyday.    They came in and worked all of your limbs to keep the
muscles from atrophying but they are still very, very weak and will need to be
built up before you will be able to use them again." 

"Ok, Pete I will be a good boy and lie still, of course I really don't have much
choice, do I?"  I said with a grin.

"Nope, not much choice at all."  he grinned back.

"That was the story of my life in the dream world.   No choice at all." 

As we talked Pete's hand had slipped under the cover and was now gently
massaging my still throbbing dick and around my nuts.

"Oh man that feels good." I moaned.

"Just relax Harold and I will make it feel even better." he said as he lifted
the cover and his head disappeared from view.

I felt his hot lips and tongue begin to work my throbbing cock head.    It was
just as I remembered Pete doing when we made it together back at Kelly Street.

He licked and kissed all around my cockhead and then began to work his way up
and down my shaft.   The fingers of one hand were gently fondling my nuts while
the fingers of the other were rubbing all around my love hole.

"Oh, yessss Pete, that is so good, oh yesss, ohhhhhh  yeah.   Finger my hole
Pete, oh yes, oh yeah, finger it.   Stick those fingers in Pete..... oh
yessssssss.  Oh Pete you are even better in this reality then in the dream
world.   Oh yeah, do me man."   I moaned and spoke as I lay there enjoy what
Pete was doing.

My only regret is that I could not do it back to him.   I just couldn't get my
body to move at all.

Pete kept up his manipulations and I rose higher and higher up that mountain of
ecstasy.   What Pete was doing felt better than anything I had experienced in
the dream.    My whole body was on fire, tingling and shaking.  

I could feel fine beads of sweat break out on my forehead and I continued to
moan my pleasure.

Pete was an expert at what he was doing.   He knew exactly where I was on that
mountain of ecstasy and he kept taking me up one step at a time.  We were about
half way up when I felt my hot, throbbing dick slide into his warm, wet mouth.

Pete worked my dick in and out of his mouth for a while and I luxuriated in the
great feelings this was providing.  He had a couple of fingers moving deep in my
love hole and the feelings were exquisite.

It was soon time to take a few more steps up the mountain and Pete pushed
forward and my cock slide down his eager throat.

"Ahhhhhhhh gawd yesssssssss.   Oh yes fuck your face on my hot rod, Pete.  
Yessss hump it man oh fuck yesss hump it.   Deeper Pete, yessss deeper.... oh
you are one hell of a cock sucker."  I now had no control over what I said.

I was just too far up that mountain to worry or care about anything but the
fantastic feelings that had completely taken over my body.   My nuts were full
and needed emptying.   Pete's mouth and throat were going to be the receptacle
for my hot juices, just that thought brought me even higher up that mountain.

As I have said, Pete was an expert cock sucker.   He sensed that I was close to
the pinnacle and at precisely the right moment he increased the speed of his
face fucking to bring me to the crest of that mountain.

There I was, standing on the top of Mount Everest, every fiber in my body a
tingle with the pleasures Pete was creating through expert use of his lips,
tongue and throat and the manipulation of his fingers.

A great white light surrounded me, I was the king of the earth.   Nothing could
touch me, I was immortal.   Then the white light exploded into the most
spectacular fireworks display that I have ever witnessed and my nuts began to
blow my hot man juices deep into Pete's eager mouth and throat.

Shot after shot of hot cream erupted from the piss slit of my dick.   Each shot
sending fantastic feelings from my balls, as they lifted to make the shot, from
my vans deferens as the shot traveled through, from my prostate as it continued
towards the urethra, from the urethra as it traveled down at great force and
finally from my cock head as the shot exploded into Pete's mouth and/or throat.

Eight forceful shots and a couple of minor ones brought to an end this most
wonderful journey to the top of the mountain and back again.

I lay there panting, lost in the euphoria that follows a great release.   As
great as all my dream sex had been, nothing I had experienced in that dream
state even came close to matching this one blow job.

Pete continued to lick around my quickly deflating dick and manipulating my love
hole.    It felt good and soothing as I tried to get my breathing back to
normal.

Finally Pete pulled his head out from under the cover.

"Well, Harold how was that?"  he asked with a grin.

"That was without a doubt the best sex I have ever experienced Pete.   Thank
you." I said, but it seemed inadequate somehow.

Pete just grinned.

"Oh how I wish I could move Pete, I would love to reciprocate."  I said sadly.

"It is ok, Harold.   There will be plenty of time for that.   You will be able
to move around pretty good tomorrow night so perhaps we can have a little fun
together.   How does that sound?"  Pete asked.

"That sounds great and I can't wait." I replied with a big smile.

"Well it is getting late and I think it is time that you went to sleep.   You
are going to have a very busy day tomorrow."  Pete said with authority.

"Ok, Pete, I know when I have to obey the boss."  I replied with a laugh.

"Good.   I can't stand disobedient patients."  He laughed back.

"Now do you have to pee?"  he asked.

"No, not right now."  I replied.

"Ok.  If you have to go or you need anything during the night just push this
button." he said as he clipped a push button on a long cord to my pillow.

I won't be here when you wake up in the morning, Larry takes over from me at
five thirty in the morning, but I will see you again tomorrow evening after Pat
leaves."   he said as he fussed with my covers.

"Good night, Harold." he said and bent over and kissed me gently on the lips.

"I can not tell you how happy I am that you have recovered.   Welcome back."

"Good night Pete.  Thanks, it is good to be back."  I replied.

Pete picked up some equipment that he had placed on one of the tables and went
to the door.   He turned, gave me a smile then turned back to the door, flicked
out the light and left the room.

I lay there in the semi darkness, reflected light from the city entering through
the windows gave the room an eerie, golden glow.  Now what, I wondered.   Where
do I go from here?

I lay there for the longest time trying to sort all that had happened out so
that it made sense.   Kelly Street was still very, very real and I was having a
great deal of trouble believing that it had all been a dream.   Eventually I
fell into a dreamless sleep.

Physio turned out to be a journey into hell.    I had been on that bed so long I
could not walk at all, I had forgotten how.   How could a grown man forget how
to walk?   I asked that question of a dozen people over the course of the next
couple of days and none could give me a satisfactory answer.

Physio involved long hours of pain and repetition, but by the third day I was
able to walk alone without falling.   Every muscle in my body protested from the
constant exercise the horror they called a physiotherapist put me through.   I
had taken to calling her the, Bitch From Hell, of course I made sure she was
nowhere around when I said it.

She stood about 6' 2", weighed around 220 and was all muscle.   I will swear she
is a weight lifter.   There was one thing for sure, you didn't argue with
Ingrid.   One swat from one of those massive arms and you would be in a coma for
a lot longer than a year, that was for sure.

The first two nights when he arrived the first thing I did was beg Pat to get me
a different therapist.   But he just laughed and insisted that Ingrid was the
best in the business.

She may have been the best in the business but I was more worried about whether
I was going to survive her business.

By the forth day I was moving around pretty good on my own, although it was
still far from perfect.    My system was still pretty weak.   Pat explained that
if the human body just lays around without moving it starts to deteriorate
pretty quickly.

The staff and therapists had done their best to keep my body in as good a shape
as they could.   Pat said they had done a great job, the proof was in the fact
that I was able to walk on my own after only three days of therapy.  But I beg
to differ, the only reason I was able to walk  was because I wanted to get away
from the Bitch From Hell.  You will be surprised what you can accomplish when
you have just the right incentive.

Pete had been true to his word.   The next night after Pat left he returned.  
The Bitch from Hell had indeed worked on me until I was able to sit up on my own
and move my arms and legs pretty good.    I hurt like hell but I could do those
things.

Pete and I talked for over an hour.  He told me all about himself, why he
decided nursing was what he wanted to do and how he had met and teamed up with
Pat.   He now worked exclusively for Pat, serving as a private nurse to Pat's
special patients, patients like me.

As he talked his hand slipped under the covers and he played with my dick and
balls.   I lay there listening to him talk and enjoying the feeling of his
fingers playing with me.

When he realized he had me really turned on he pulled his hand out from under
the covers.

"I think there are better ways to do this, Harold.   Just a moment while I lock
the door."  he said, getting up and going to the door.

I heard a click and he turned back towards me.

"Turn on the bedside lamp, Harold and we can get rid of these harsh overheads."

I did as he asked and he switched off the overhead lights and came back to the
bed.   As he approached he began to strip.  Pete has a magnificent body, but
then I already told you about that dear reader.   He is all muscle obviously
Pete worked just as hard in the gym in this reality as he did in my dream world.

By the time he got to the bed he was naked.   He pulled the cover off of me then
climbed up onto the bed beside me.

"I promised we could play tonight, Harold and I always keep my promises." he
said as he bent down and our lips met.

My ability to move was still pretty restricted, but I found out you don't really
need to move around a lot to enjoy sucking.

We sucked, we kissed and we hugged.  I was not able to move around much with out
pain, so Pete climbed up and sat down on my dick.   I much preferred being
sucked, but Pete wanted to feel me inside so I didn't argue the point.  I told
him I would love to feel him inside of me, but he refused.   Said it might hurt
me too much, that we would have to wait at least a few days more.   We started
at around eight in the evening and didn't come to our senses until after one in
the morning.

I was totally exhausted, but oh man did I feel good.   I closed my eyes and fell
into a dreamless sleep.   When Larry awoke me the next morning I felt fantastic,
better than I had in a long, long time.

Perhaps I had better tell you about Larry.  When I awoke on the morning of the
second day, Larry was sitting in the chair beside my bed.    Outwardly it was
the same Larry from my dream, but there the similarities ended.

With the dream Larry there always seemed to be a tension surrounding him.   He
never seemed to be comfortable and I always felt a little fear when he was
around.   He gave me the impression of being a volatile personality.

In this reality, Larry had none of that tension.   He was very friendly, just
like Pete, in fact it was kind of hard to tell them apart, thank goodness they
looked nothing alike.

As soon as he saw I was awake he introduced himself and welcomed me back to the
world of the living.   He then got a large pan of warm water to give me a sponge
bath.   In the process he ended up getting me, what else, but  hard.

Before I even knew it was going to happen his lips were wrapped around my dick
and he was giving me a blow job.   Now I never argue with anyone that wants to
make me feel good so naturally I lay nice and quiet and enjoyed it.

After bringing me off he continued to bath me as though nothing had happened.  
I got the feeling that this was kind of routine.   If that were the case, no
wonder I was getting it off so much in the fucking dream.   These guys were
bringing me off every time they came in the room.

After my sponge bath Larry brought me what he laughingly called breakfast.   It
consisted of a small bowl of a watery, brown liquid that he called beef
bouillon.  In my humble opinion the closest a cow ever got to that liquid was
the milk in the refrigerator in the kitchen.  It tasted more like weak, salt
water.

Along with this beef bouillon, was one half of a thin rock hard thing that he
called toast.   Luckily, the rock hard thing called toast at least had some
taste.  I believe they call the taste  antique cardboard.   If you break the
toast into a couple of pieces and put it into the bowl of brown salt water the
two horrors cancel themselves and you are able to swallow the concoction.

I begged him for some real food, but he said I couldn't have anything but what
Josh authorized.    Too much solid food would make me very sick.    It seems my
stomach had shrunk while I was in coma.

"Why didn't you guys feed me to keep it from shrinking?"  I complained.

"We did feed you, Harold."  Larry replied.

"But not by mouth, hell you would have choked to death if we had tried to do
that.   You were fed via an intravenous tube.   You have been living on a
perfectly balanced diet ever since you arrived here."  he grinned.

After my huge breakfast and I must admit it did fill me right up, I had to pee. 
Larry brought me a stainless steel piss jug and held it and my cock while I
emptied my bladder.  

Do you have any idea how difficult it is to piss when someone else is holding
your dick?

Well let me tell you, lifting the Rock of Gibraltar with one arm would be
easier.

It was shortly after I emptied my bladder that the Bitch From Hell arrived.

Doctor Charles continued to visit me, he would check my eyes with his flash
light and kept murmuring:

"Good, good."

He didn't talk much other than to ask me questions about how I was feeling and
if I had any memory of the accident that put me in the coma.

I didn't, I still remember plain as day walking through the Dufferin Gates, on
up to Queen Street and along to where I discovered Kelly Street.  That is what
made it so difficult to believe that I had been in an accident at the Dufferin
Gates.

He told me not to worry about it.   I might remember it in time or I might not. 
It really was not all that important.

Well if it is not all that important, why does he keep asking me if I remember
it, I wondered.   Surely if it wasn't important he would have just let it drop
after the first time I told him no.

On the third day, just after lunch, Sir George showed up.    He walked into the
room as if he owned it.   Turns out that George was one of the Hospital
Administrator's.   He was a haughty, snobbish sonofabitch, just as he had been
when I first met him in my dream.

"Now that you have decided to rejoin the world, I suppose we can finally have
this bed back for really sick patients." he said rudely.

"Yeah, Tweebles," I replied just as rudely,  "and perhaps you can shove this bed
up your tight, fucking ass, too."

That just about floored the man.   He stopped, totally stunned by my response.  
The red crept up to his face and he quickly left the room.

A few moments later Larry came hurrying into the room, a big smile on his face.

"What the fuck did you say to his fucking royal highness, Sir George?"  he
asked.

I repeated my words verbatim and Larry's eyes lit right up.

"Oh man, finally someone stood up to that rotten bastard.   He thinks his shit
don't stink and that we should all bow to him.  We have given him the nick name,
Sir George because of his attitude."   Larry explained.

"Well now I know why the Sir George of my dream was such an asshole."  I
laughed.

"But you would really have liked what we did to him in the dream, Larry."  I
said.

"Oh and what was that?"  he asked in sudden interest.

I then told him the story of Sir George and how he became my slave.   When I was
finished he said:

"Oh how I would love to see something like happen to him in this life."

"Don't worry about it Larry, just remember, you reap what you sew.  He will get
his in the end."  I replied.

"Now that would be justice."  he said.

Each day I was beginning to feel better and coming to realize that indeed, Kelly
Street had been a dream.   Josh had referred to it as a Nightmare, but I wasn't
ready to go that far.   Nightmares usually mean something bad.

My time on Kelly Street was not all bad, I had come to terms with myself and had
had a lot of fun in the process.   I was actually going to miss Kelly Street, so
I couldn't say it was a Nightmare.  No indeed, it was more like, A Daymare.  A
Daymare on Kelly Street.    Yeah, I liked that, A Daymare.

Then Pat came with some really interesting news.   I had told him about Kelly
Street and he decided to go and see it for himself.   But low and behold there
was no such street, at least not where I had said it would be.

What he did find, at the exact place where I described Kelly Street as being he
found a shop that sold junk.   In the dirty, store front window was an old sign
that said, "Find your new life, on Kelly Street.".

"Any idea what it was referring to, Pat?" I asked.

"Not a clue.   I went in and asked the owner but he didn't know what the hell I
was talking about.   He came out front with me and took one look at that sign
and stated incredulously:

"Now where the hell did that come from!"

"I looked at him as though he were daft and left.   I think the silly old
bastard was trying to be a smart ass."  Pat said.

I never did discover what motivated me to dream up Kelly Street or to even give
it that name.   I don't remember ever having seen that sign in the store window,
but one never knows what might or might not register on ones subconscious.

On the fourth day, Pat took me out of the hospital for a walk.  It was a Sat, he
came over to the hospital in the afternoon.   He brought me a new pair of faded
jeans, a light blue polo shirt, a pair of white cotton socks and a pair of white
sneakers.

Without even thinking I was about to slip on the jeans minus underwear.   Wait a
minute, Harold." Pat said, it was almost an order.

He reached into his pocked and pulled out something black and threw it too me.

"Put this on first."

I caught the object and it only took a second to realize that it was a black,
leather thong.   Without a second thought I quickly put it on.

For just a second I had a flash back to  Kelly Street.

We went for a walk through the beautiful landscaped grounds of the Sunnybrooke
Medical Centre.   As well as the man made landscape, there was still quite a bit
of natural woods, this in the heart of the City of Toronto.

It was great to feel the warm sun on my skin and to have the man I loved at my
side as we strolled.   We didn't talk about anything deep, just small talk
mainly about our likes and dislikes, actually I did most of the talking.   Pat
kept asking me questions and of course I was only too happy to answer.

"So your life in the dream was in a world of Master's and slaves.   What did you
think of the slaves life, Harold?"  he asked.

"At first I hated it.   Master Charlie was a mean sonofabitch, so were Pete and
Larry." I said, pausing to remember all the things that had happened.

"They beat me with a whip and I hated them for it.  I tried to cooperate but for
no reason they beat my dick and balls.  I decided that they would either have to
kill me or let me go, I could not live a life where I was being beaten all the
time.   I refused to speak or even acknowledge their presence.  That pissed
Charlie off and he had Larry break one of my fingers."   all of this came
pouring out like a river over the top of a gorge.

"He kept me locked in a cell with no food or water for four or five days, I
don't remember exactly.   The light was left on and no one came near.   It was
hell."  I explained.

"When they came back and I still turned my back on him, he turned me into a
dogslave.   He made some threats I just couldn't ignore.   I had to obey because
I realized that Charlie could do things to me that were a hell of a lot worse
than dying."

We continued to walk and I continued to fill him in on the events of my slavery. 
I told him about the shipping mistake that landed me in the special hospital
that I thought was a parts farm.   Then about Charlie making me his Ambassador
and sending me around the world on his special aircraft.

And ended up telling him about the accident that had brought me out of the coma.

"That really was some dream, Harold.  Which did you like better, being a slave
or being a Master?"  he asked.

"I am not sure, Pat.  Being a Master certainly has it's advantages, but being a
slave is a much more exciting life.   I suppose I enjoyed the slavery part the
best, particularly once the training was over."  I replied.

"Interesting."   was his response.

We then changed the subject and talked about sports and recent news events as we
made our way back to the hospital.

When we got back to my room I thanked him for taking me out.   It had felt so
good to be out in the sunshine and to be walking around.    I was tired though
and had to lay down for a nap before dinner.

I slept for two hours.   The sound of the room door opening awoke me.   The room
was still bright, the sun shining against the wall opposite the foot of my bed.

Larry came over to the bed carrying a package.

"I came to wake you up, Harold.  Time to get up and get ready to go out."  he
said with a smile.

"To go out?   Where?"  I asked.

"Pat is taking you out to dinner.   He thinks it is time you had a change of
scenery."  Larry explained.

"Oh that sounds great.   Do you know where he will be taking me?"  I asked
excitedly.

"Nope, but he wants you to get dressed up.  Your out fit is in this box.   I'll
help you get dressed if you like."  he offered.

"Thanks Larry, let's see the outfit."  I said lifting the lid from the large
box.

I was a little taken aback at first, it was a leather outfit much like the ones
I had worn in my dream world.

"It looks like Pat is into the leather scene, Larry." I said with a smile.

"Yeah, he has some really wonderful outfits.   He used to visit you with them on
all the time.   I remember he would sit for hours telling you all about the
leather scene.   While he talked you would get a raging hard on.   That is why
we were fairly certain you could hear what was happening in the room."  he
explained.

It didn't take long for me to get dressed with Larry's help.   We started with
the black leather thong which I was already wearing.   Next a pair of very fine,
kid leather socks.   The leather pants were skin tight and it took a little work
on both our parts to get them on my body.

They had a kind of pouch built right into the crotch.   With a pouch like that I
wondered why we had bothered with the thong, but said nothing.   Next came a
very finely made black leather harness that attached to a stainless steel ring
at the centre of my chest with stainless steel chains.   It really was a
wonderful piece of craftsmanship.

To top it off he handed me a leather vest that had black bone buttons.   It also
had some wonderful designs sewn into the leather in black thread.   You had to
look close to see the designs.

Larry had me sit in a chair while he pulled on the black leather boots which
climbed half way to my knees.   Instead of fastening with laces they fastened
with stainless steel clips.

There were two more items, a black leather, peaked cap and a pair of sunglasses. 
After placing the cap on my head and getting the tilt just right, Larry handed
me the glasses.

"Wow, Harold you are one hot dude."  he exclaimed.

That made me blush a little.

"There is a full length mirror in the bathroom, go have a look."  he suggested.

I walked into the bathroom and stood before the full length mirror.   The image
I saw reflected back reminded me of the leather outfit in London that had made
me look like a walking hard on maker.   Well this outfit put that one to shame.

Oh fuck did I look hot.   Every faggot that got a look at me tonight was going
to have a hard on in about ten seconds.   Shit my own dick was pushing against
the thong.  

"Oh man were you right."  I said to Larry as I returned to the room.

He just looked at me and laughed. 

"You will be leaving hardons all over the fucking city with that outfit.  But
then, Pat has always surrounded himself with only the most gorgeous men."  he
said.

"I remember the time Pat took me to the Straight Jacket, a leather club
downtown.   He had given me an outfit much like the one you are wearing and
heads turned everywhere we went.   You are one lucky dude to get to go out with
Pat, Harold.   You are going to have one hell of a good time."

Just at that moment Pat entered the room.

"Ah Harold you look absolutely fantastic."  Pat greeted as he entered.

"Thanks Pat."  I said.

"What do you think, Larry.  Is Harold hot or what?"   Pat asked smiling.

"Oh he sure is hot Pat.   He's going to have all the beautiful people falling
all over him.   Are you taking him to the Straight Jacket?"  Larry asked.

"Yeah, got a reservation front row centre.   They are having a leather fashion
show tonight.   I have a whole table set aside, if you want to tag along go get
into your leather suit.   We can wait for you."  Pat offered.

"Are you sure I won't be horning in?"  Larry asked with excitement in his voice.

I knew he really wanted to go.

"Not at all.  In fact Pete will be meeting us there with his latest pretty boy.  
Don't know what he sees in them, but if he's happy that is all that is important
I guess."  Pat replied.

"Ok Pat it will only take me a few moments to change." Larry said hurrying from
the room.

"It is really nice of you to invite Pete and Larry, Pat.    You are just as
generous in this reality as you were in my dream world."   I said walking up and
giving him a kiss.

He kissed me back taking me in his strong arms and pulling me close.   Our
tongues intertwined in an urgent search.   I loved the taste of him as much as I
had in my dream.   I prayed that we would be together forever.   I wanted
desperately to look after him, to be there for him.

Larry was true to his word it only took him about ten minutes to change.   I
wished he had taken longer, Pat pulled away as soon as Larry opened the door. 
For just a fraction of a second I hated Larry.

As we walked down the hall towards the elevator all eyes turned our way.   Larry
and I were dressed much the same, Pat on the other hand was dressed in a leather
outfit that was a little less flashy, more refined as befit a man of his
position.

Don't get me wrong, he still looked hot, but he also looked like a man of power,
the man in charge............a Master.

I glanced at him again, yes........definitely,  Pat looked like a Master.   I
would be willing to bet that to the local Leathermen Larry and I would look like
slaves.   Could it be possible that Pat was a Master in this reality too?

Was I going from one Master/slave reality to another?

Could that really be?

Was such a thing possible in this day and age?

These thoughts were going through my mind as we made our way out of the
hospital.   To my utter surprise a large black limo was waiting at the curb.  
The moment we exited the hospital the driver jumped out and ran around to open
the rear door.   He was dressed much the same as Larry and I.

The straight Jacket turned out to be a Leather bar, well to be honest it was a
lot more than your average run of the mill Leather bar.   It was obvious from
the moment we walked in the door that riff raff did not use this establishment.  
The whole place spoke money and lots of it.

The decor was astounding, it was much like a palace inside, with thick carpets,
crystal chandeliers and only the finest furniture.   A gorgeous hunk of man
dressed in a full black leather outfit met us and bowed to Pat.

"This way Doctor Phillips, your table is ready, Sir."   he said politely.

"Thank you Stanley."  Pat replied.

We followed the man into a very luxurious looking bar, all the furniture seemed
to be upholstered in black leather.  He led us to a large round table which sat
back about four feet from the centre of the stage.

Pat and I were seated so we had a perfect view of the stage.  I was on Pat's
right and Larry sat on his left.   We gave our drink orders then just talked
quietly. 

Pete and his date arrived just as the waiter was setting our drinks before us. 
Pete's date was exactly what Pat had called him, a pretty boy.

He had long blonde hair and was dressed in red and hot pink leather.  The pants
were hot pink with a red leather stripe up the outside of each pant leg and
strips of red leather that accented areas around the crotch and the waist band.

His harness was pure white leather and the vest was hot pink.   I didn't see his
boots when he arrived at the table but later in the evening I noted that the
boots were also hot pink and had white leather fringes up each side.   It was an
outfit that I wouldn't be caught dead in.

The light in the bar was dim so I also didn't notice at first that Ben, that was
his name, wore hot pink lipstick.  

At one point during the evening  he moved his head to throw his hair back over
his shoulder and in the process his right ear was bared.   The ear was pierced
and he wore a simple, but thick gold earring through the lobe.

When he spoke he had a very high lilt to it.   I wasn't sure if he was forcing
it or it was natural, I only knew I would not be able to stand having someone
that spoke like that around for very long.  It would drive me insane.

Thankfully Ben sat next to Larry with Pete on his left.   He was far enough away
that I really wouldn't be able to hear all that much that he said unless he
raised his voice.

The waiter delivered Pete and Ben's drink orders and then took our orders for
dinner.   Pat suggested I try the Porterhouse with fresh sauteed mushrooms,
fresh garden vegetables and oven roast potatoes, which I did.

The food turned out to be excellent, the meat just melted in my mouth.   It had
been a very long time since I had had a meal that even remotely came close to
this and I enjoyed every mouthful.

The fashion show started while we were cramming cherry cheesecake down our
throats.   I say cramming because it was so damned good I just kept shoveling it
in.

The first outfit was a rather odd affair.   The model was gorgeous and the
outfit skimpy.  It consisted of a royal purple leather thong barely big enough
to hold the mans obviously huge package.   His crotch had been shaved and we
could see the excess skin from his nuts pushing out the edges of the thong.

He also wore a purple leather choker with what looked like pearls attached at
regular intervals all round.   That was the entire outfit and was touted as
being the in thing in swim wear for the well endowed man this year.   Price
$599.00.

I looked at Pat, leaned over and whispered.

"They have got to be kidding, who in their right mind would pay $599.00 for
that?"

"Take a look around the room, Harold.   Most of those here make over two hundred
thousand a year,  they can afford it.    It is the symbolism they are buying
Harold, not a swim suit.  For these guys, who made the thing is more important
than anything else."  Pat whispered back.

I just shook my head in consternation.

The next outfit had a little more to it.  It was a latex body suit with a pocket
for the cock and balls that resembled a cock and balls in full erection.   It
was not something you could wear out in public.  Price $8700.00.

The rest of the show was like that, all kinds of weird outfits with price tags
that were out of this world.   It wasn't until almost the end of the show that
they presented outfits that I would be comfortable in.   Outfits much like what
I was already wearing.

My favorite was an all black leather suit cut in a rather conservative style.  
The leather had a flat finish so it did not shine like most black leather is
wont to do.   I thought it was an excellent bit of workmanship and would not
hesitate to wear it.  The only problem was the price tag, $30,000.00.   Much too
rich for my blood.

After the show Pat asked me if I had seen anything I liked.   I told him that I
had liked that black suit, but thought the price was crazy.  He just smiled.

Little did I know that he would buy that suit for me and two weeks later we
would be back at this bar and I would be wearing it.  The only alteration, a
black leather collar.

After the show we had another drink and then Pat suggested we go to one of the
Gay Clubs that rocked.   Everyone agreed that would be a great idea so off we
went.

We arrived back at the hospital at one in the morning.    I was feeling great,
we had gone to a club where we could dance.    For the very first time in my
life I got to dance with another man or should I say men.

I danced with Pat, with Larry, with Pete and with a half dozen or more guys I
had never met.   I had the time of my life, oh yes this reality was much more
fun than Kelly Street had been.   Pat was more than I could ever have hoped for.  
It was a very, very happy man Pat returned to that hospital.

Pat came right up to my room with me.   As he closed the door I heard a click
and knew he had locked it.   My heart started beating rapidly, the most I had
hoped for was a good night kiss, it looked like I was going to get more.

"Turn on the bedside lamp, Harold." Pat said and I complied gladly.

He switched off the overheads and began to strip right away as he walked towards
the bed.   That I took as my cue to start stripping as well.   But I couldn't
get the fucking pants off, they were just too damned tight.

"Lay back on the bed, put your hands over your head and grab the bed posts." 
Pat suggested.

I did so and he grabbed the cuff of each leg and pulled.   He had to put a lot
of force into it to get the damned things to start sliding down.   Even so it
was rather uncomfortable, the damned things didn't want to let go.

They finally came off and he dropped them on the floor.  Then he grabbed the toe
end of each sock and pulled.   The socks slipped off and went flying over his
head.   I gave a giggle and he climbed up onto the bed.

He moved right up and our lips locked together, our tongues probing, searching. 
We were both naked and our hot bodies rubbing together was the most wonderful
feeling I had ever felt.  Because all that went before had been a dream, this
was the first time I had ever been totally naked in bed with another man.

I quickly realized that reality was so much better than my dream had been. 
There was more to the naked body of another man than the warmth, which is all I
ever felt in my dream world.   In reality I could feel the blood coursing
through Pat's body as he held me close.

I could feel various muscles tighten and loosen as we moved together.   I could
feel his sweat as we warmed up and began to slide together.   I could feel his
fingertips as they moved around various parts of my body.   I could feel all
kinds of wonderful little sensations as his tongue probed my mouth and mine his.

One of his free hands found my throbbing dick and began to massage it gently.  
I in turn found his and did the same.    It felt so good to finally have a real
man in my bed.   A man who cared for me, a man whom I think loved me as I loved
him.   The only thing I had ever wanted was now at hand.

After a while Pat pulled his lips from mine and began to kiss first my cheeks,
then worked his way to my right ear.   His tongue darting out and flicking
across hot nerve ends, sending unbelievable sensations through my entire body.

From my right ear Pat made his way to my left still kissing gently and flicking
out that hot, wonderful tongue.   I felt his tongue trying to probe my ear and
it felt fantastic.    Then he sucked in my ear lobe and chewed gently on it with
his teeth.  Without warning he suddenly gave the lobe a little nip, not enough
to hurt but a nip just the same.   It sent a tremendously erotic feeling through
me.

From my ear he made his way to my neck, now licking gently with his tongue and
kissing sweetly.   I had never felt so loved, tears of joy were slowly escaping
from the corners of my eyes.

In my dream world I shaved my entire body every morning.   In reality there was
no need.   I only had body hair in my pits and crotch and even then there wasn't
very much and it was soft and silky.

Pat kissed and licked his way across, around, up and down my right pec.   Coming
close to my now ridged nipple and then moving away.   I almost screamed out,
"Suck it, suck it."   But remained quiet and let Pat do what he wanted.

He teased that nipple for quite a while before he finally nipped it gently.   It
sent another marvelous thrill through me.   Then his hot tongue was flicking
across it sending sparks shooting all over my chest.  He finished off that
nipple by sucking it in and working it with suction and his tongue.

My cock was throbbing madly and leaking tons of precum.   Pat's hand that was
massaging it was slippery with the stuff.   He had set up a slow up and down
rhythm on my dick and he maintained that the whole time he was making love to me
with his lips and tongue.

From my right pec and nipple he moved to the left, giving it the same treatment.  
I was up on top of that mountain again, but Pat was not yet prepared to push me
off over the edge.

From my pecs he moved to my abdominals.   I was not really as well developed as
weight lifter might be, but I still had a six pack that I could be proud of.  
Pat worked his way around that six pack exciting every nerve along the way.

When he got to my button, an inny, he worked his way around it gently flicking
that tongue against the sensitive skin.  I was moaning out loud by this point
and even vocalizing.

Then his tongue plunged into my button hole.   After the teasing he had done
around the outside, the sudden feeling of a hot tongue penetrating that little
dark spot, was out of this world.

"Ohhhhh yesssss Pat that is wonderful."  I cried out.

He wiggled his tongue around inside my button hole driving me insane with
pleasure.    I almost cried, NO, when he pulled his tongue out and continued his
journey downward.

He worked his tongue back and forth across my pubic area as he dropped closer
and closer to my dick and balls.  Before I realized it his lips were kissing up
the side of my throbbing dick.  

My dick may have been hot from all the blood gorged into it, but Pat's lips were
hotter.   They felt like blow torches as they made their way up the side of my
dick, getting closer and closer to my big, purple cock head.

Long ropes of silver slime continued to dribble out of my piss slit and I felt a
few of those ropes land on my nuts.  Hot at first but quickly chilling in the
air of the room.

Then that wonderful moment when Pat's lips wrapped around my cock head for the
first time.   I was in seventh heaven, nothing in my dream world compared to
this.  Pat the man I loved with all my heart and all my soul was sucking on my
knob.   There was only one thing could make me happier than I was at this moment
and that was the moment when I would do the same to his knob.

Pat was working the head of my cock like it was the most important cock head in
the world.   He knew exactly where and when to touch or flick across a
particular portion of the head to send a thrill through me.   The edge of that
mountain top was getting closer and closer and I knew I was going to topple over
any moment.

However Pat had complete control.   He wasn't about to just let me shoot.   He
wanted to make it last as long as possible and he knew exactly how to do that.  

After what seemed an eternity he suddenly forced his head down on my shaft
sending my cock all the way down his throat in one fall swoop.   He held it
there for a few moments then pulled back.

He began to fuck his face on my dick, just short little jabs at first, then
every once in a while he would force my cock all the way down his throat.  I was
amazed by the fact that his nose seemed to tickle my pubs every time it brushed
against them.

In my dream every time someone sucked my dick they kept it down deep in their
throat the whole time.   Pat didn't do that, he would make short jabs at the
head for a while and then a sudden deep plunge.   He kept this up and I got
closer and closer to that edge.

Pat finally decided that it was time to make me cum.   His right hand wrapped
around the root of my dick and began to masturbate me in time to his mouth
working my cock head.   The combination of hand and mouth soon pushed me over
and I began to shoot my hot load into Pat's eager mouth.

All the while I was shooting my load Pat kept up a fast masturbation of my cock
with his mouth and hand.    The unloading of my nuts into Pat's mouth for the
very first time felt so wonderful

I was crying out in ecstasy and my hands were on his shoulders rubbing hard.  
My nuts finally emptied and Pat climbed up beside me.   He brought his mouth to
mine and we began to kiss.   The moment our mouths opened my cum which he had
been holding filled my mouth as he pushed it over.

We pushed that cum back and forth between our mouths for a while.   Then Pat did
something that never happened in the dream world.   He pushed all of my cum into
my mouth then pulled away.

"Swallow it, Harold.   Swallow it for me." he ordered quietly.

I found my cum to be a bit more acrid then it had in my dream world.   I really
didn't much like the taste, but Pat had asked me to swallow it and that is
exactly what I did.

He then came foreword and gave me another kiss.

"Yes Harold, I think you and I will get along really well.    Are you sure you
want to come and live with me?"  he asked.

"Yes Pat, more than anything else in the world I want to go and live with you.  
I will make you very happy, I promise."  I whispered, tears of joy flowing down
my cheeks.

"Ok, tomorrow we will check you out of the hospital and you can come home."  he
whispered back.

Pat still had a hard on and he wanted to screw me.    I loved the feeling of a
big cock up my love canal, or at least I had in the dream world.   In reality I
had never had a cock or anything else for that matter pushed up my chute.

"I have never done it in reality, Pat.   Only in the dream.  But I do want to
feel you inside of me."  I whispered.

"Ok Harold I will be gentle."  he said as he got up off the bed and went to a
small cabinet on the wall. 

From the cabinet he pulled a tube and came back to the bed.

"Lubrication, Harold.   I will have to loosen you up first."

He wanted me to stay on my back, he said he preferred to look into the eyes of
his partners when making love to them.   I didn't mind I was only interested in
feeling him inside me, so I lifted my legs and spread them wide.

Pat began slowly as I remembered it from my dream.  First one finger pushed in
gently and worked around and around  until it felt comfortable.   Then a second
finger, again worked around and around, loosening the sphincter muscle and
stretching it so something bigger could now be inserted, a third finger.

After the discomfort from the insertion of that first finger there was no more
discomfort.   Those fingers were now exciting the nerve endings, sending great
feelings through my body again.

Pat wanted to make sure my sphincter was well stretch so he spent considerable
time working it with those fingers.   I didn't mind one little bit, it was all
pleasure to me.

Once he was satisfied my sphincter could take his tool he worked his way up
between my legs.

"Are you sure you are ready for this, Harold?"  he asked.

"I have been ready for it a long time, Pat.  I just never found anyone that was
interested in doing it to me."  I replied.

He smiled and moved in until I felt the head of his dick against my hole.   It
felt just as I remembered it from the dream.   I was not afraid or up tight, I
had done this so often in the dream that it was not possible for me to fear it
now.

Pat pushed his cock head up tight to my rose bud and then pushed with a little
force.   Suddenly my sphincter opened and his cock head slipped in.   For the
first time I experienced a bit of pain.   Pat's dick was much bigger than the
three fingers that had been trying to loosen the sphincter.

Pat knew it would hurt a bit and he kept real still allowing the sphincter to
adjust to the intrusion of his big pole.   I was under the impression that Pat
would wait a few moments and then push in a little deeper, I was only partially
right.

He was waiting ok, but he was waiting for something and when it came I felt it.  
My sphincter suddenly relaxed and the pain and discomfort stopped with it.   At
that moment Pat pushed in a little deeper.   Again I felt a little pain and
discomfort, Pat's shaft was actually bigger than his cock head.   Most shafts
are, they just don't look it.

This time the sphincter relaxed much sooner than the first time.   As soon as it
did he pushed in a little deeper.  It didn't take very long before he was buried
to his nuts in that dark tunnel that started at my rose bud and went deep into
my guts.

The feeling of his shaft filling my bowel was unbelievable to me.   It felt
better in reality than it had in the dream.   Pat and I were now one, joined by
a big dick and a dark, hot hole.   He leaned forward and kissed me gently on the
lips.

"How does it feel, Harold?  he asked in almost a whisper.

"Oh so good Pat, better than I ever imagined."  I replied in rapture.

He smiled then gently began to pull out.   He pulled until his cock head was
almost out then pushed back in.

"Oh gawd!"  I cried out in sudden ecstasy.

Pat had hit my prostate,  now I knew beyond any shadow of a doubt, Kelly Street
had been a dream, a Daymare.   The thrills that went through me when Pats cock
brushed against my prostate were a hundred thousand times better that any I had
encountered in the dream.

As Pat set up a gentle all the way in all the way out rhythm he hit my prostate
with each inward plunge and each time it was better than the time before.  I was
now finding it almost impossible to hold back screaming out the pleasure I was
feeling.  I knew right there and then that I would always be a bottom.   I would
never, could never, get enough of this.

Pat kept the slow fuck going for a while giving me a great deal of pleasure.  
Then he changed the stroke into a series of fast short jabs followed by a couple
of deep plunges.   Again I was in heaven the feelings were so good and so erotic
that my dick was at full erection again.

Pat paid no attention to my dick, his full concentration was on enjoying the
feelings he was getting from fucking my bottom and I also think from watching
the ecstasy on my face each time he hit my prostate.

I have no way of knowing for sure how long he fucked me, but I believe it was
for over an hour.   An hour of the most wonderful, intense feelings I had ever
experienced and as I have said many times before, all good things must come to
and end.

Pat suddenly began to pound me hard and fast.   I knew right away that he was at
the top of his mountain and was ready to drop over the edge.   At the same time
his sudden frantic plunging brought me to the top of the mountain as well and I
actually went over before he did but only a fraction of a second before him.

I didn't need to touch my dick, just the stimulation of my prostate was all that
was needed to send long white ropes of my sperm shooting up almost as high as
his chest and dropping back down onto my abs.  As I had just finished emptying
my nuts an hour ago, they hadn't had much time to build up a good load of spunk. 

I only managed four good shots and a couple of lesser ones before the
contractions ceased.   Still and all it felt great, particularly since I could
feel Pats hot juices filling my bowels.   I now had a part of him inside that I
could hold onto all night long.   I swore I would not have a shit before
morning, no matter what.   Childish I know, but this was my first time and I was
in love, remember.

Pat climbed back up beside me once his nuts were sated.  He gave me a kiss and
then we lay quietly together, letting our systems return to normal.   The
euphoria of good sex, making us feel great.

I had almost fallen asleep when Pat finally moved.  He turned onto his right
side and lifted his head up onto his hand and looked down at me.

"I am going to have to get going, Harold.   I don't have to work tomorrow but I
want to get over here early so I can start the paper work for your release."  he
whispered in my ear, his lips just barely brushing against them.

The feel of his lips touching my ear sent more thrills through me.

"Wish you could stay." I whispered back.

"So do I but that is not possible.   Tomorrow we will be able to sleep in each
others arms all night long.   How does that sound?"  he asked lewdly.

"Mmmmm sounds delicious."  I murmured.

"Well then we have a date." he smiled and leaned forward and gave me a kiss.

He then got up and slid off the bed.   He got himself dressed in just a matter
of minutes then came back to the bed and kissed me once more.

"Good night Harold, sleep well and I will see you in the morning.    Just think
by noon tomorrow you will be out of this place."  he smiled again.

"Yeah, sounds great.  Good night Pat, I love you."  I said affectionately.

He leaned down again and kissed me.

"Good night." he whispered.

He then got up and left the room.   I fell asleep almost instantly.    It was a
deep sleep and if I dreamed, I don't remember a damned thing about it.

Larry let me sleep in.   When I awoke the sun was shining full force into the
room.  I new it had to be around eight or nine o'clock.   I lay there quietly
thinking about all the things that had happened since I awoke in this room. 

I was only just going on 20 and I had two very different lives behind me, one
was real the other a dream.   However ahead of me was a brand new adventure and
it included the most wonderful man in the world.   Oh how lucky can a guy get, I
wondered.

Larry finally poked his head in the door to see if I was awake yet.   When he
saw me staring at the ceiling he came right in.

"Good morning Harold.   The day we have all been waiting for has finally
arrived.   You get to leave this place and go back out into the world."

I looked at him and smiled, yes, back out into the world.

"Good morning Larry.  Has Pat arrived yet?"  I asked.

"I think he may be downstairs but am not really sure.   I know he said yesterday
that he would be here bright and early to spring you and Pat is always very
punctual."  he replied.

"In any case you are not ready to go even if he were here.   Get yourself up and
into the shower.   While you are doing that I will go and get you your last
hospital meal."

"Right!" I replied throwing back the covers and getting myself out of the bed.

An hour later all showered, shaved and fed up, Larry and I sat in the two easy
chairs by the window chatting while we waited for Pat.

He finally arrived opening the door and waving some papers in the air.

"Here we go, your release papers.   That fucking dip shit, George insisted on a
whole bunch of rigmarole before he would give me the papers.   He was all pissed
off because I was trying to spring you on a Sunday."  Pat said.

"I think it was more because I pissed him off the other day, Pat.   I don't
think he likes me."  I laughed.

"Ah so you have met our glorious George."  he said with a laugh.

"Yup, sure did."  I replied.

"Well enough about Sir, George, are you ready to go." he asked.

"Yeah, lets blow this dump." I laughed getting up from the chair.

"Larry, I have another job for you and Pete.   A young man was hit by a
Streetcar and sustained severe head trauma.    Charles is with him right now. 
He is in a coma and it is looking like it will be long term.   I would like you
and Pete to look after him, ok?"  Pat asked.

"I don't see any problem with that Pat.  It beats unemployment."  he laughed.

"The boy is in 203 go down and have a look.   Would you also call Pete and let
him know?" 

"Yeah, I'll do that."  Larry said.

"Bye Harold."  Larry said holding out his hand.

"I am glad I was able to help when you needed it.   I know we will see each
other around, Pete and I visit Pat's place quite often.   So until later, take
care." Larry said then left the room.

"Ok Harold if your ready, let's go."

There was no limo this time.   We went out to the doctors parking lot and jumped
into a Honda Civic.   Somehow I had expected a big fancy doctor like Pat to have
something more than a Honda Civic.   I guess he saw the look on my face.

"It is a great little car for getting me around to my various appointments.   It
is also cheap on fuel.   Wait until you see the cars we use when we are not
working."  he laughed, unlocked the doors and we got in.

On the trip to his house we got onto the subject of Masters and slaves again.

"Did you really enjoy the life you had in the dream, Harold?" he asked.

"Compared to what I had before, Pat, yeah, it was a hundred percent improvement.   
I could live a life like that without complaint, at least I wouldn't be alone." 
I replied.

"Interesting." was his response.

Pat's home turned out to be a huge mansion in Rosedale.   It had lots of
property around the building, with trees and flower gardens, it was a beautiful
place.

There was a large Iron fence surrounding the property and an iron gate at the
driveway.   As we pulled up the gate opened automatically.

"Remote control." he informed me.

He pulled up in front of the front door, stopped the car and turned off the
ignition.

"Well Harold, welcome to your new home.   I hope you will be happy here, I think
you will like it very much.   But remember that you are free to leave if you
don't want to live this life."  he said.

Before I could say anything he was out of the car and heading towards the front
door.   I opened my door and got out quickly to follow him.

The door opened and a young man, that I recognized right away, stood there,
dressed in the standard slaves outfit that I had worn so often in the dream
world, head bowed.

"Harold,"  Pat said,  "I would like you to meet my house slave, Steven."

The end.

This story (c) by Rob 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to:      cumulust@yahoo.com    or   robolder@excite.com  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





