BDSM Library - Kathy and Fiona




Kathy and Fiona
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A gang punishes a schoolgirl when she doesn't hand over all her dinner money. Severe retribution follows which has unexpected consequences.
Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF FF NC Rape BDSM Punishment

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2001

Kathy and Fiona

by obohobo




Kathy and Fiona

by obohobo

Chapter 1. Beaten and Raped

Chapter 2. Comfort

Chapter 3. Retribution

Chapter 4. The Cellar

Chapter 5. The 'Golden Dragon'

Chapter 6. Snakes and Ladders

Chapter 7. A change of owner?

Chapter 8. Free



Chapter 1. Beaten and Raped

"So you would try and cheat on me bitch!! Now you'll find our why little bitches
do not cheat on Kathy O'Sullivan." Kathy raised the belt and brought it down
with a vicious swipe across the naked sixteen year old's arse. Fiona let out a
muffled groan as the belt found it target but any volume of sound was muffled by
her knickers having been stuffed in her mouth. The four boys holding her
spread-eagled on the grass kept a firm hold of her wrists and ankles. A red
stripe now decorated the unhappy Fiona's backside.

Thwack!! A second stripe from the poor girl's own belt appeared. Fiona increased
her struggles but to no avail. The boys held her tight. Six more stripes
followed until Fiona was reduced to a sobbing heap of sore flesh.

"Turn her over boys," commanded Kathy. Fiona almost managed to free herself but
it wasn't long before she was once again held spread-eagled but this time face
up. Her pert young breasts heaved with her sobbing. Pain shot through her body
as the weight of her body pressed her tenderized backside to the earth.
Humiliation gripped her as the boys and girls stared at her tits and displayed
cunt.

"Can we do her?" Michael asked

"If you mean, can we fuck her? Yes, in a bit. I want to make sure she is nice
and tender both sides, then she'll really feel it when you stick your cocks in."
Fiona almost fainted when she heard these words. She realised her thrashing
wasn't yet over and afterwards she was going to be raped by one or more of the
four boys. Why were they being so cruel for just the few pounds of her dinner
money?

"Nnooooo!!" Fiona managed to spit out the makeshift gag but Melanie replaced it
before further words came.

"Yes!" Kathy spat the words at her victim. "I am going to make an example of
you. Others will take notice of me after this and you, snooty bitch, are going
to be the example!" Fiona watched as Kathy raised the belt and brought it
crashing down across the top of the captive girl's thighs. Again the belt
descended. Again another searing line of fire across the top of her thighs. Four
times the belt struck. Fiona struggled but this only served to increase the
sexual excitement in the boys.

"Now to warm those tiny little titties of yours. Pull her arms further to her
head boys so I have a clear view of them." Kathy directed the boys pinning
Fiona's wrists before bringing the inch wide belt directly across the nipples of
both tits. As soon as the strike pain registered in Fiona's brains she thrust
her body upwards with such force that the boys had difficulty in holding her.
Grinning at her helpless victim, Kathy just kept goading, "Wish you hadn't
cheated on me now, little one? Do you think it is a high price to pay for
keeping $5 back from me?....."

Each of the four whips with the belt added another stripe. They were not in neat
parallel rows. Kathy didn't bother with such niceties. She just swung the belt
and brought it down with as much force as she could muster. Two stripes were
more or less on top of each other, another was separate across the underside of
both breasts and the other angled its way across the top of the left tit and
over the nipple of the right. Fiona thought no one could take such pain and
still remain conscious.

Kathy moved to stand with her feet by Fiona's shoulders. "Now boys, let's make
sure she is nice and tender where your cocks are going." The belt flashed down
so the tip curled its way between the unfortunate girl's legs and wrapped itself
directly along her slit. Had she been able to scream, the girl would have
awakened the dead in the nearby churchyard but with her own knickers still
muffling any cries, the girl could only sob. Again she laid the belt on four
times before tossing it to the ground. But Fiona's ordeal was far from over.

******

Kathy O'Sullivan was the school bully and in the large city centre comprehensive
school she was able to largely get away with it unnoticed. The teachers, already
over stretched just keeping order in the classroom, had little time or
inclination to worry overly about what went on outside. At 16 years old and due
to leave school in a couple of weeks, Kathy could lord it over her classmates
and others in her year. Together with her 'gang' of which Melanie was her chief
henchman but Michael, Kevin, Bryn and Pete were almost always to be seen in her
company, they terrorized younger and weaker pupils. All were known for their
meanness to anyone who couldn't stand up to them physically. All were known to
the police for their exploits in shop lifting, burglary, arson and many other
petty crimes. As juveniles the courts had been unable to impose heavy penalties
for any crime convictions. Even so for a particularly unpleasant attack on an
old lady who she had mugged for her pension, Kathy was given probation and a 2
year suspended sentence at a young offenders institution. She had to keep out of
the courts for another six months otherwise she could still serve the two year
term.

From early childhood, Kathy had to fight for what she wanted. Her mother spent
more time in the pub than with her and most of what little money she earned went
on booze. Occasionally she would entice one of the bar customers home for a
night or two but when their money was exhausted they were forced to leave. Kathy
soon learned what her mother did and what happened in the bedroom. At times she
used this knowledge to her advantage and when they were asleep after an
exhausting conjugation, she would creep in and fleece the client of several
pounds from his wallet. One afternoon a client called for her mother when she
was at work. Kathy, still only 14 years old, entertained him instead. Even at
that age she was well developed and, with the right make-up, would easily pass
for a woman several years older. She lost her virginity that day but reaped a
sizable reward. The client paid far more for her services than he would have her
mother. However, she didn't become a full time child prostitute but gave her
body to selected clients when she needed extra funds.

Of course her mother soon found out and there was an almighty row not because of
any moral issues but concerning the money. Kathy insisted she keep it, her
mother wanted a share to pay for her keep. Knowing her mother really wanted the
money for booze, Kathy held on to it saying that if she tried to take it away
she would hint to the authorities her mother made her earn money by
prostitution. Her mother retaliated by saying that if she was put in prison,
then Kathy would go into a care home. So the argument raged over several days by
which time, Kathy had secreted the money away.

******

Fiona Forsdyke was financially much better off. Her father had a well paid job
but one which kept him away from home a great deal, often on extended trips
abroad. Jennifer, her mother, had no need to work but did a part time job, sat
on a number of charity committees and always seemed to be involved with
voluntary work in one form or another. She too was not at home for long at a
time and frequently left Fiona to cook and look after herself as far as food was
concerned. In contrast to Kathy, Fiona was a small but quite bright child who
spent a lot of her time in her room reading, mainly romantic pulp fiction. Her
mother disapproved but because she wasn't there to supervise her daughter, had
little control over what she read. Rarely did the girl go out on her own or with
a friend of her own age and as time went on she became more and more a shy
recluse. At school she hardly uttered a word except when absolutely necessary
and because of this none of the other girls made friends with her.

Three weeks prior to the thrashing incident with Kathy and her gang, Fiona had
received a foretaste of what might happen if she did not adhere to the gang's
wishes. Early one Monday morning Kathy and Melanie trapped Fiona in the toilet
cubicle and demanded her dinner money. Pluckily, Fiona refused until Kathy had
punched her stomach several times and had her on the floor gasping for breath.
They took the money.

This morning they again demanded she hand over her dinner money. She did. At
lunch time they noticed her in the queue and found out from another girl in the
class she paid her money in as usual. Fiona had brought double the amount and
kept one lot hidden. Kathy couldn't allow the girl to get one over her like
that. Hence she and her cronies ambushed her on the way home and took her to a
quiet place in the local woods. Here they stripped and whipped her with the belt
from her jeans.

*******

"Okay boys, who has the biggest cock?" Kathy asked.

"Kevin has," Michael answered. Kevin produced his five incher and proudly
displayed its hardness to the others.

"You know what to do?" Kathy asked and receiving an affirmative reply said, "Go
to it and give it to the bitch real hard. Make her feel it. She should anyway
with the strapping she's had."

Kevin aimed his cock at her opening and thrust in. The entrance was dry and
tight and his cock stopped only a short way in. He pulled out a bit and thrust
again. This time he came to her hymen. "She's a fuckin' virgin!" he exclaimed.

"Well she won't be for much longer if you get to it and ram it all the way in.
Go on fuck her hard, Kev."

Kevin didn't need any further encouragement. He pulled back and pushed forward
as hard as he could. Stifled groans came from Fiona's lips but she couldn't get
rid of the gag. Kevin felt the membrane break. He was in. Unheeding of the girls
crying and the groans emanating from behind the gag, he continued pumping
furiously back and forth. Being young and already excited by the whipping of the
naked girl, it wasn't long before he pumped his spunk directly into the girls
cunt. The other three boys took their turn. Each took only minutes to unload
their seed into the poor girl. Crying and sobbing she could do nothing to
alleviate the pain and shame of the rape. She prayed that after the fourth boy
it would be all over but Kevin's cock, stimulated by the sight of the other boys
fucking, decided to rise again. For the second time he entered her. Entry was
easier this time as the cuntal walls were lubricated by all the sperm juice
inside making the fuck a more enjoyable experience for him. He took great
pleasure in ramming his pubic hair directly on to Fiona's whipped mons and
seeing her writhe with the pain. He tried to prolong the sensation and to some
extent he succeeded. It took some ten minutes before he ejaculated for the
second time.

"Have you learned your lesson Fiona?" Kathy asked. Her victim could only nod.
"Good. Now if we hear you have talked about this little lesson we shall have to
give it to you again but we'll use a real whip and probably men with full size
cocks and we'll make it a whole night long thing so you won't even be able to
stand afterwards. If you try and put us away, then we have friends that will do
the job for us and will do it so you never see your family again. You will be
sold and taken abroad and whipped and fucked for the rest of your life.
Understand?" Again Fiona could only nod. "Right, we will leave you now. Kevin I
am sure will want to keep your knickers and bra as trophies and I guess you
won't want to wear them anyway. We're going to leave you now. Remember not a
word of this to anyone!" Kathy took the knickers from the sobbing girl's mouth
and passed them and the bra to Kevin. They left.




Chapter 2. Comfort

For some minutes Fiona just lay there, crying into the grass. Gradually her
senses returned; she had to get home; had to wash and get cleaned up before her
mother came in. Putting on her jeans and tunic was very painful but somehow she
managed. Sock and shoes were not such a problem but walking was. Every muscle
screamed at every movement. And home was three quarters of a mile away, much of
it through the estate where everyone leaving work at the end of the day would
see her.

Most onlookers who saw the crying, painfully figure walking along the pavement,
just stared for a few moments and then ignored her. Two elderly ladies did stop
and ask if she was alright and if she needed help but by then she was close to
home and declined. As she left them one said to the other, "Probably boyfriend
trouble. Never know what the young things of today get up to."

Unfortunately for Fiona, that day her mother arrived home earlier than usual.
Entering the house and finding the distraught Fiona, Jennifer began a staccato
of questions without receiving any answers. Ushering Fiona into the bathroom she
ran the bath and ordered her to undress. Fiona hesitated, felt herself becoming
faint and began sliding to the floor. Jennifer caught her around the waist but
in doing so wrapped her arm around her daughters tortured breast. Fiona
screamed. She screamed again as her mother sat her on the toilet seat. Gingerly,
Jennifer opened the girl's tunic and saw the stripes across the chest. Undoing
and equally carefully she lowered Fiona's jeans. Horrified she viewed the
punishment and the sight of the livid weals. The air was filled with the
unmistakable aroma of male sperm. Jennifer kept trying to interrogate her
daughter but even if she had been willing to answer, her mind was in no
condition to.

"I'll phone the police."

"NO!! Don't. It will only make things worse."

"Tell me who did it?".... "Why did they do it?" .... "Where?" ....

Throughout Jennifer's barrage of questions, Fiona kept her mouth tightly closed
but did allow her mother to help her into the bath and gently wash her sore and
swollen body. It was years since her mother had performed this service and now
secretly admired how her daughter's body had begun to fill out. Although still
on the short side, her breasts were definitely nicely formed mounds. Jennifer
took her douche from the top of the bathroom cabinet and flushed out the girl's
vagina in the hope she wouldn't become pregnant and in the hope too that it
might prevent any disease.

"Why won't you say anything?" .... "Why did he do it?" .... "Was it a black
man?" ...."Were there more than one?" ..... Jennifer kept up the relentless
questioning but still failed to get a response to anything except a point blank
refusal to allow her to go to the police. "It will shame me and you and I will
probably get it worse next time. You don't know them, Mum. Just leave it."
Eventually Jennifer gave up on the questions and covered the colourful stripes
with a light nightdress. She gave her a couple of paracetamol tablets and laid
her on top of the bed.

"Well, if I cannot go to the police then I will phone your uncle Reggie and get
him to come over." This really surprised Fiona. She liked her uncle Reggie on
the few times she had been allowed to meet him but even her father, Reggie's
older brother, avoided him as much as possible. He was a jovial man and quite
wealthy but not in an ostentatious way. He owned a chain of corner shops which
he franchised to families of mainly Asian origin. He also owned and ran a timber
importing firm with a base on Walasey Island in Essex. However, timber imports
were only a cover for a more lucrative smuggling operation and it was through
this Reggie had connections with many sleezy underworld characters. Jennifer
heard stories of the salacious side of Reggie without knowing any actual
details. "If the police cannot find out who did it to her daughter, maybe Reggie
could," she said to herself.

Reggie too was surprised to get the call but when the situation was explained he
came right over. "I'm sorry to have to ask you Reggie," Jennifer apologised,
"But Peter's in Singapore or somewhere so I can't get him to help."

Fiona was still curled up on her side on top of the bed when Jennifer led Reggie
into the room. Sitting alongside her on the edge of the bed, Reggie made small
talk for a while but when he started to ask questions concerned her beating and
rape, Fiona clammed up. "Jenny, haven't you a meeting or something to go to?"
Reggie asked his sister in law.

"Yes, but I cannot leave her. I can't leave her alone with you."

"Yes, you can and nothing will happen to her that is anything like as bad as
happened earlier. She's obviously very frightened and she is not going to say
anything in front of you. If I am to find out who did this and why, I need to be
alone with her. Now go to one of your charity meetings or to a friend's house
for a couple of hours."

"But....."

"Go woman, go!"

Alone with his niece, Reggie spoke quietly. "Fiona, I'm used to dealing with
thugs and petty criminals. Sometimes to get the information I need from them, I
need to be nice. Other times I have to use force. Which is it to be with you? Do
you want to tell me freely what happened or have I to force it from you?" Fiona
kept her mouth firmly closed. She curled herself in the tightest ball she could
even though the pain of stretched muscles hurt her considerably.

"Very well then, we'll try the harder way. Sit up." Fiona never moved. Reggie
gripped her shoulders and sat her on the edge of the bed. Fiona cried out as the
weight of her body was put fully on her tender arse. "First, I am going to see
what they actually did to you." Reggie took hold of the hem of her nightdress.

"No! No! You mustn't do that! I haven't anything else on." Despite her
struggles, the nightdress was lifted off and Fiona sat there naked in front of
her uncle.

"My God! The bastards really did work you over." Reggie examined the belt marks
carefully and thoroughly. More thoroughly than was necessary but it wasn't often
he had a naked teenager in front of him. Tenderly he touched her breasts and
arse and examined her cuntal area. Fiona was sobbing again with embarrassment.
It was the third time in one day her body was revealed to others.

For a while Reggie sat and held the crying girl to his chest until her tears
began to soak his shirt. He lifted her away and said very quietly, "Now you must
tell me everything." Fiona just shook her head.

"I guess they or he threatened you with worse, Fiona. It can't happen. They
would be in far more trouble than you if they dared to touch you again."

"Oh you don't know that Unc. It would be a whip next time."

"Yes, and it will be a whip on your arse now if you don't start to speak."
Reggie's voice was low but full of menace. "So let's work it out. It happened
after you left school. You either met with school boys or someone met you at the
gate or on the way home. Did you know them?" Fiona nodded. "Were they from
school?" Again the nod. "Names Fiona." This wasn't a question. It was a demand.
Fiona sat silently until her uncle's hand reached around her and squeezed and
already tender tit. She screamed.

"Fiona, I said we could do this the easy way or the hard way. I don't want to
hurt you any more but I will find out who and what happened one way or the
other."

"You won't go to the police? I couldn't stand that."

Reggie just laughed. "My relationship with the polies isn't on the friendliest
basis. No I certainly won't go to them. Now tell me what happened and I will see
they are punished at least as severely as you and without any comebacks. I have
to means to do that as you might have heard." Slowly and with several promptings
by nipping a tit, out came the whole sordid story. It made Reggie angry but it
also had given him a raging hard-on which didn't go unnoticed by his niece.

"You're as bad as they," she exclaimed when she noticed.

"Fiona, you are an attractive young girl. Sitting here naked like this alongside
me is bound to give me an erection but it doesn't mean I am going to take
advantage of you. Hasn't the telling of the story made you a little bit horny
too?" Reggie put his hand between her legs. "You don't have to answer that. I
know how you must feel after being raped but you must try and get over the
feeling that all fucking is painful and unpleasant. If you don't your whole life
may be ruined. Most girls find sex with the right man very pleasurable. I am
sure you have read about it in all those books of yours. Its a matter of
preparation and willingness."

"Unc? What are you going to do about Kathy and her friends?"

"As yet I don't know but over the next few days I will work on it. Meanwhile, I
think it would be better if you came and stayed with Phyllis and me. That would
keep them away from you and you wouldn't have to worry about your mother's
churchie friends catching sight of your bruises or enquiring why you are not
walking properly. In any case you are not in a fit state to go to school and
probably won't be until you start in the sixth form next term."

When Jennifer returned she took a lot of persuading to allow Fiona to stay with
Reggie and Phyllis. In her mind, Phyllis was a cheap tart and the fact that she
had been living with Reggie for several years without being married to him,
didn't help either. In the end Jennifer had to agree especially as her daughter
forbade Reggie to say what had happened. All he would say was that until he
could sort out those involved, Fiona might be in danger of it happening again,
"Certainly she is in fear of it," he stated categorically.

It was late when Reggie drove her in the big BMW with tinted glass windows the
six miles to his home.

******

Phyllis proved to be a down to earth friendly woman. Yes, she dressed in short
skirts and revealed more of her breasts than most but she had a warm smile and a
loving manner that Fiona took to immediately. Her mother never was really close
to her. Reggie only told her that Fiona had been beaten and raped without going
into details. Giving Fiona a gentle hug she said, "You can tell me the gory
details later if you wish." Trying to make her feel at home, Phyllis added extra
cushions for her chair and made a pot of tea and recommended she take two
Ibuprofen painkillers which she did.

After showing Fiona to the guest room the sat side by side and cuddled the
younger girl while she again sobbed for a while. Gently she quieted down and
Phyllis enquired what her mother had said about the whip marks. "Nothing. She
just bathed them."

"Did she douche you?" Fiona nodded.

"Good. Did she suggest getting the morning after pill?"

"No."

"We'd better do that in the morning. No sense in risking a pregnancy. Right then
young lady, lets have these clothes off and get some salve on. Fiona cried out
as her knickers scraped her bottom. "They did this just because you didn't give
them all your money? Surely there was more to it than that?"

"That was the only reason Auntie Phyllis, except I think they wanted to make an
example to the others so they could take money from them too."

"Not so much of the 'Auntie' miss. It makes me feel old and I am not that much
older than you. Perhaps ten years but that's not old. Now lets see what we can
do with this salve. I'll start on your back and bottom and then go to the more
tender places." Phyllis very gently applied the salve and said, "We'll let it
soak in for a bit and then I'll put a clean sheet down and you can try and lay
on your back so I can do the front. At least the weather is warm enough so you
won't need blankets and I suggest you don't try and wear a nightie either."
Seeing an alarmed look in Fiona's face she went on, "Oh you don't have to worry
about nudity here. We don't." Phyllis went to get a sheet.

On her return, Fiona was lying as she had left her. "Sorry Fi, we've got to move
you so I can get at the front. I know it is going to hurt a bit but we need to
put the salve on the other places." Again a cry was forced from Fiona as she
turned herself and lay on her back on the sheet. Phyllis applied a generous
amount of salve to the swollen and bruised tits. Sensuously and carefully she
massaged it in. "Looks like your tits will still develop a bit more," remarked
Phyllis, "Mine were full grown before I was fifteen. Some of the boys used to
call me Titty Phylly because they developed before I grew in height. Mine are
still pretty large now but more in proportion to my body, don't you think?"

The question flustered and embarrassed Fiona. At home breast development was
hardly talked about, at least it hadn't been since it was first decided she
needed a bra. "They're er er nice," was all the poor girl could stammer and
blush. She blushed further when Phyllis started to rub the salve on to her pubic
area. The lips were very swollen and tender and the clitoris stood out from the
stimulation of the extra blood supply going to that area. Phyllis deliberately
spent time gently but persistently massaging it until she could see the girl was
stimulated.

"Don't you do this to yourself?" she asked. Another awkward question and one
that Fiona didn't want to answer. Noticing how uneasy the girl was she stopped
and gave her a hug. "Sorry dear. I can see you are not used to this kind of
talk. Now let's sit you up with a pile of pillows behind your back. I doubt if
you will sleep for a bit so we'll talk and I'll try to help you through this
traumatic event. It's no good ignoring it, which is what I suspect your mother
would do. I go at it like a hammer on a nail so just say if it is too painful
for you. We can talk as woman to woman now you're no longer a virgin. I'll get
out of these jeans and get comfortable too."

Phyllis shed her clothes in front of the younger girl then sat alongside her on
the bed and cuddled her. This act of comfort caused Fiona to cry again but the
tears soon stopped as Phyllis's soothing words comforted her. Gradually they
talked more and more freely. Phyllis knew better than to ask her directly about
the day's events but talked about what she would have been doing at home, her
mother, school, and other everyday things. Gradually though it seemed as if
Fiona wanted to talk about her beating and rape. "What will Uncle Reggie do
about Kathy and the others?" she asked.

"I don't think he's really worked out a plan yet but he's been on the phone to
some of his friends so I guess they will do something shortly."

Ten o'clock and a knock came at the bedroom door. Phyllis pulled a sheet up to
cover them although she wasn't bothered for herself. Reggie came in to ask if
they would like a glass of wine or a hot chocolate drink. "White wine for me,"
Phyllis answered, "And a glass for Fiona too. It may help her to sleep. You do
like white wine?" she added turning to Fiona.

"Mother doesn't allow me to drink wine."

"But we're not going to tell her are we?" Phyllis laughed

Reggie brought the wine and sat and chatted with them for while before going
downstairs again. An hour later they heard him in the next room getting ready
for bed. "I'd better go too," Phyllis said as she got up to go to the connecting
door. "Fiona? Don't be embarrassed or upset if you see Reggie naked or hear
sounds from our room. Its quite normal for us to wander around with nothing on
and to have friends to stay who have similar views on lovemaking to us. I'm
unbolting this door but if you wish to bolt it again behind me, by all means do
so. If the pain gets too bad in the night come and wake me. I shan't mind. I
sleep on this side of the bed and there is a small light so you will be able to
see. I shall be very annoyed with you if I find out in the morning you lay there
in pain when I could have given you another couple of Ibuprofen or put on some
salve. Don't worry about Reggie. While he would probably like to get his cock in
you, he won't unless you agree. He won't force you or rape you. I guarantee
that. Now you know where the bathroom is so is there anything else you need?" On
receiving a negative reply, Phyllis said goodnight.

Fiona lay awake for a long while. The pills and the salve had reduced the pain
levels to a dull ache unless she tried to move. She found the best position was
on her side but that wasn't how she was used to sleeping. The noises outside
were different too and then there was the creaking of the bed and groans
emanating from the next bedroom. She guessed what was happening and began to
feel stirrings in her loins but it was too warm and too painful to relieve
herself.

Three a.m. and the severe pains returned. Outside she heard the rumblings of a
distant storm. She lay awake for a long while before eventually deciding to take
Phyllis at her word and ask for some salve. Quietly, as if she was a burglar,
she opened the door and peered in. Phyllis and Reggie lay quietly sleeping side
by side in a huge bed with just a sheet covering their lower parts. Gently she
touched Phyllis on the shoulder and when bleary eyes opened whispered her
request for some cream. "Sorry to wake you but the pains have come back badly."

By the time the salve had been applied and the pills taken, the storm had broken
over the house. Even at 16 years old and now especially as she was upset and in
pain, Fiona was somewhat afraid. "Oh. You are a silly goose," Phyllis exclaimed
as she led the frightened girl to back to master bedroom. Reggie was awake. He
lay counting the seconds from lightening to thunder. His partner climbed into
bed alongside him and indicated Fiona to lay alongside her. "You frightened of
storms Fiona?" Reggie asked.

"I don't like them when they make as much noise as this."

"It's still about a mile away. How are you? Pain came back?"

"It should ease again now Phyllis has put the salve on."

"Well try and get some sleep, if this racket will allow anyone to sleep."

Phyllis held Fiona to her bosom. Almost it seemed deliberately she placed a
nipple close to the younger girls lips tempting her to suckle. Without really
thinking about it, Fiona first kissed the nipple and when that wasn't repulsed
she took it and gently sucked. It soon became erect and being stimulated,
Phyllis fed more of her breast in the now willing mouth while she held the girls
head to prevent it from leaving the breast.

Hearing the sucking noises, Reggie turned over and decided he wanted some of the
action so started sucking hard on the other teat. Shocked, Fiona tried to pull
away but her head was held. "Go on, suck hard," Reggie encouraged her, "She
loves having her tits sucked. Nibble the nipples a bit. She loves that too."

With the continuing storm in was obvious no one was going to sleep. Phyllis was
becoming very horny and wet between her legs. Taking one of the girl's hands she
pressed in on her mound and whispered to ask whether Fiona ever got wet like
this and on getting a negative response, put her hand between her legs and
whispered, "Liar," and then giggled.

Reggie's cock was by now hard. He pulled Phyllis's legs apart and entered her.
Again Fiona tried to pull away. "Lie still," Phyllis spoke more sharply than she
intended, "Reggie is not going to fuck you. I know your experience of fucking
was unpleasant but you must find out that it can be very enjoyable. So look and
listen." She flung the sheet over the bottom of the bed so they were all
uncovered. "Watch closely. We won't mind and you might learn more than you
expect."

Reggie's large cock slid into her ready vagina. At first Fiona tried not to look
but curiosity overcame any feelings of guilt she had. Having fucked only hours
earlier, Reggie took his time and worked hard to give Phyllis the maximum
pleasure. Soon she was crying out with pleasure and begging him to do it harder.
Both were covered in sweat and Fiona herself sweated with them from the radiant
heat of the two copulating bodies. Watching, as she was almost forced to, Fiona
marvelled at the size of Reggie's prick and the way Phyllis took it so readily
into her. Kevin's had seemed large to her but the one she was looking at was at
least a couple of inches longer and certainly it was fatter. Although the light
in the room wasn't bright, Fiona could clearly see how the prick glistened with
juices produced by the two. Again she felt stirrings within her body that we not
present during her rape.

Reggie's movement ceased and the pair lay quietly for some minutes without
separating. "Thanks," Reggie said once he had regained his breath. "Thank you
darling," replied Phyllis as she bent over and gave the now deflated cock a
squeeze and then took the end in her mouth and sucked it for a few moments
before laying down again. Finally the storm abated, and the cooler air blew in.
Fiona thought she ought to return to her own bed but didn't want to leave the
eroticism alongside her, eroticism she had only read about. Phyllis settled any
thoughts of leaving by covering all of them with the sheet and cuddling her
guest closely again saying, "We might as well try and get a few hours sleep."
Reggie was already snoring gently.

******

Walking proved difficult and painful for Fiona when she and Phyllis did get up.
Much earlier, Reggie had gone to work so the two were alone in the house. It was
nearly 9 a.m. when pain and the need to go to the toilet awoke Fiona and her
stirring roused her companion. After enquiring on her health, Phyllis suggested
they shower and more salve then she would see about getting the morning after
pill.

Reggie phoned while Phyllis was at the pharmacy and getting some other items of
shopping. After enquiring how she was he asked, "Will you be well enough to go
for a drive in the car about 3.30 this afternoon?"

"Yes, I guess so. It's walking that seems to be the real problem at the moment.
Where are we going?"

"Not far. And no one can see inside the car. Tell Philly I called."

Three-thirty saw her sitting in the chauffeur driven car beside a dapper, sharp
little man with an expensive looking camera around his neck. He was introduced
himself as Darren and he would be coordinating the punishment of the her
attackers and rapists. "First though I need to know who I need to punish,"
Darren stated, "That is why you are here. We are going to park near the school
gates and I want you to point out those involved so we get the right people."
Bryn and Pete came out together shouting at some juniors. As they stopped to
issue threats and insults, Darren was able to take good pictures of them. Kathy
and Melanie came out soon after. Luckily they too kept apart from the bulk of
the crowd and again Darren was able to get more than enough pictures to identify
them even if Kathy's punk style hair do didn't immediately give her away. No
sign of Kevin and Michael though. Then Fiona remembered. Tuesday was a football
day and the match usually lasted to gone 4 o'clock. "We'll wait," said Darren.

"It might be better if we waited further along the road. Often the footballers
cut across the back field and through a gap in the fence if no one is around.
Either way both of them live on that side of the estate and would go along
Fenchurch Road to get to their homes or to the shopping centre."

"Good thinking girl." Darren praised Fiona's quick logical thinking. She was
proved right. Four boys, heads down, ran across the back field and nipped
through the fence. Two were Michael and Kevin. The four kept more or less
together but it didn't matter as all four unknowingly had their pictures taken
many times.

That evening Darren spread the pictures over the dining table. Fiona was again
asked to identify the people. Suddenly Reggie picked out two photos of Kathy,
"Does she often wear that yellow butterfly broach?"

"Quite often. Seems to think it is some sort of lucky charm. Why?"

"On the cctv tape of a shop raid the other week one of the raiders was wearing a
similar broach in her hair, but it wasn't a punk like her. Long black curls."

"That's her wig. She wears it when her red and green spikes would be too
conspicuous. Occasionally to school as well if she feels like it. More in the
winter, rarely in this heat."

"I think we shall have to have a few more words with miss Kathy O'Sullivan after
she has made amends for her bullying. She cost me and the Patel's a lot of money
last week." Reggie spat the word out with venom.

"What will you do to her - them?"

"Probably better if you don't know! Do you know where they all live?" Fiona knew
the exact addresses of the two girls and within a few houses where Bryn and Pete
lived but had only a vague idea of the whereabouts of Michael and Kevin. All
four usually hang out together although I don't know where as I never go out at
night."

"Okay, thanks Fiona. Go and sit with Phyl now while I discus what to do." Reggie
dismissed her from the gathering and noted she still walked very stiffly as she
made her way to the lounge. "If this is girl raiding our shops then she is
likely to do it tonight. She used to have a gang but since they nearly got her
caught, she has operated on her own and Tuesdays and Wednesdays seem favored
perhaps because there are less people around than at the weekends. Raids are
usually between 10 and 11 at night, when the shops are still just about open but
things are quiet. Have her followed from her home and bring her to the warehouse
after she had attempted a raid. Have plenty of men as back-up."

"Okay boss. What about the others?" Darren asked, "They may be hanging around in
a crowd."

"Pick up the girl soon after she leaves home, - if she does. Then see if you can
get the others before they get to the arcade or where ever they are headed. Try
to do it without fuss. You know what to do when you get them to the warehouse."

"Sure do boss. I already have the necessary staff ready waiting for a phone
call."




Chapter 3. Retribution

Little did Melanie realise that from the moment she closed the door behind her,
she was being watched. Swiftly she walked between the cars parked half on the
pavement until she came to a blue van which was parked so close a garden wall
there was hardly room to get through. As she tried to pass a balaclava hooded
man appeared ahead of her and another behind. Suddenly she was in darkness, the
light shut out by a dark sack thrown over her head. Draw cords, pulled tight
around her waist pinioned her arms. Helpless she felt herself being lifted and
then dumped on a metallic floor. An engine started and the vehicle moved away
she knew not where.

Bryn and Pete sauntered along idly kicking a Cola can towards the arcade. In
their interest in the football can they failed to notice two men pull balaclavas
over their faces and creep quickly behind them. Each felt a jab of a metal
object just under their rib cages and a hand forced one of their arms high
across their back. "Struggle and your dead. Or at least you'll have a horrible
wound in your guts," growled one of the assailants. A third man appeared. Within
seconds, they too had a sack over their heads and were lying alongside Melanie,
although they didn't know it at the time.

Half a mile away a second unmarked van picked Michael up but there was no sign
of Kevin. Driving around the estate for ten minutes didn't produce a sighting
either. They parked at the end of a cul de sac. Covering his face one of the men
entered the back of the van untied Michael's binding and removed the sack. A
knife was thrust at the terrified boy's face. "Where's Kevin?"

"I don't know." The knife lightly touched the boy's cheek.

"Where were you to meet him?"

"At the arcade later."

"Where's he live?" Reluctantly but with the ever present threat of the knife,
Michael gave the address. His sack was replaced and the van moved off again.

Kevin left his home and walked and half ran down the road to a group of other
youths. "Fuck it!" swore the van driver, "Hope he isn't planning on going all
the way with that lot." Luckily they were heading for a disco and suggested
Kevin bring his friends over later. Separating at a busy road junction, Kevin
headed towards the arcade. Pulling the van to the kerb ahead of the boy the one
offside passenger jumped out and leaned over the bonnet, the other waited until
Kevin drew level and then ran around the back of the van. Out of the corner of
his eye Kevin spotted the masked man and decided to run. Unfortunately for him
the front man was able to put a foot out and cause him to fall on his face. He
joined Michael in the van.

*****

"One to base. She's just leaving the house."

"Keep her in sight."

"She's waiting at the bus stop. Its the number 23 service from here. Goes
through to Shoreditch."

"If she is after one of our shops the only one in that direction is Gunjur
Singh's but there are plenty of other small shops she might decide to raid.
Follow the bus discretely."

Reggie passed the information to Gunjur Singh. "Let her have free rein Gunjur.
Make sure the cctv is working and if you have a camcorder and someone can hide
and use it so much the better. But remember, even if you know what she is up to,
let her do it. We should have plenty of back up to catch her red handed."

"Very good, Mr. Reggie. My son is here and he well knows the camcorder so he
will hide on landing to second floor, Sir."

"Good. It may not be your shop she's after but for once, I hope it is."

"She's on the 23 bus."

"Alighting in High Street. You could be right that its Singh's shop. No. She's
gone past. Back again looking in the window. Possibly checking it out."

"All units be alert and ready position yourselves close to the shop but don't
make it obvious." Reggie's instructions came over their ear pieces.

"Walking down the road..... Going into car parts shop. That's not her usual type
of shop. Ronnie, check on her."

"Coming out now. Walking back towards the Singh's. Ronnie's coming out of the
shop now."

"Yes, this is Ronnie. She bought a spray can of black paint."

"Gunjur, keep out of sight for a few minutes, then come in from room as though
you had been getting a bite to eat."

"Entering the Singh's."

Kathy entered the shop head down so the cctv camera would only see the crown of
her wig. Making her way directly under the lens she held her arm up and sprayed
it, blotting out its view of the shop. As directed, Gunjur returned from the
back room and stood behind the counter pretending he hadn't noticed the video
wasn't working. "Can I get you anything miss?" Microseconds later he found the
nozzle of the spray can inches from his eyes. "No miss, please miss. No!"

"Open the till." He did. Scooping the money into her bag, with one hand while
still directing the nozzle with the other, Kathy grinned to herself on the ease
which she had accomplished the raid. Her grinning was premature. Three men
blocked the doorway. Her only other escape route was through the back room but
as she leapt the counter she saw others coming in.

Rasnip Singh came out of hiding and excitedly yelled, "I've got it! I filmed
everything!"

*****

Four youths and two girls sat in the warehouse surrounded by tall stacks of
palleted boxes. They couldn't see them through the blindfolds fastened over
their eyes. Apart from this they were all naked and had both their wrists and
ankles cuffed. Melanie was crying, Kathy and Kevin were swearing but the others
were more or less quiet. Afraid to speak in case anything further happened to
them.

Darren took charge. "In case you are not aware of it, there are six of you here
and many more of us. All of you took part in the beating and raping of Fiona
Forsdyke yesterday and you, Kathy O'Sullivan are here because you have raided
many of the shops we own. Its now payback time."

"That bitch squealed on us," Kathy yelled, "She'll get it real good next time."

"There won't be a next time, if you have any sense. You actually picked on the
wrong girl. She may be shy and quiet but she has connections which is how and
why you are all sitting here naked and awaiting sentence and punishment."

"I demand my brief." Kathy knew her rights or so she thought.

Laughter came from the assembled men. "Kathy," he laughed too, "You don't need a
brief you need a chastity belt and cast iron knickers!" Again laughter filled
that section of the warehouse. "We are judge, jury and executioner. You have all
been convicted and are now going to receive fitting punishments. We'll start
with Miss Melanie."

"No, please, I didn't do anything. I was only watching."

"Melanie, you helped and encouraged what went on. You made no attempt to stop
it. However, your punishment will be more lenient that the others. You will
receive eight strokes of the riding crop across your bare arse and then one of
the men here will fuck you. We have chosen a well endowed man as we suspect you
are not a virgin, unlike poor Fiona, and will need something quite large in
order to feel it properly."

At Darren's signal two men took the now screaming Melanie and laid her over a
packing case. "It's a shame you other's can't watch," Darren went on, "but we
can't have you recognising us. However, for your benefit I will try and describe
the action. We can ignore the noise she makes because there is no one near and
the boxes in this warehouse muffle the sound."

"Melanie is naked like you and is being held over a box by two men. Her arse is
well up and her ankle cuffs have been taken off so her legs are well apart and
her cunt is nicely on view to us all."

"Swoosh"

"Aaarghh!"

"Well I guess you all heard that. Melanie has a lovely red stripe across the top
of her thighs."

"Swoosh"

"Aaarghh!"

"Another stripe just above the first." Melanie was now yelling at the top of her
voice and pleading with them to have mercy on her."

"Swoosh"

"Aaarghh! No. No more please. You'll kill me."

They didn't kill her but they did create an intense area of fire and pain over
the whole buttock area. She writhed and bucked but strong hands held her and in
short time eight welts were decorating the previously while flesh.

"She's now had her eight lashes across the arse." Darren continued his
description of the events to the other captives. "Fiona also had several across
her cunt so Melanie is to get two strokes there as well. Hold her well open
boys." All five of the other captives had tears running down their faces.
Melanie's screams and the knowledge they would receive a similar or worse
thrashing buckled their resolve to be brave.

"Aaarghh! Noooooo!" From the intensity and higher pitch of the scream it was
immediately obvious to the visually excluded listeners, the first stroke had
landed on her cunt. A further scream shortly after indicated the delivery of the
second installment.

"As with Fiona's punishment, those two strokes were to make her cunt nice and
tender so she will feel the full effect of the cock when it enters her. We've
found a real large one for her, ten inches long and over two in diameter."
Darren exaggerated its size for the benefit of his listeners. "Its now nice and
hard and at this moment a condom is being rolled over it. We don't want sperm
left inside her for DNA tests nor do we want to risk our cock man getting any
disease she might have."

Feeling the cock head at her opening, Melanie instinctively clenched her vagina
but then realising the futility of it tried to relax. It was a very difficult
task with all the pain she felt in that area. The cock head entered. It felt
huge. Kevin's was the previous biggest cock that she'd taken but this was much,
much larger. Teasingly, it entered a couple of inches, painfully stretching the
lips and cuntal opening and pulled back. It did this several times and despite
the pain, it did get a little of her moisture flowing. Even so she was
completely unprepared for the forceful, full depth thrust that followed. Crying
and screaming hysterically, she begged to be left alone. "You're tearing me
apart. Fiona didn't have to take anything like this!"

The cock shaft withdrew almost all the way and then plunged in again before
setting a steady to and fro rhythm. For ten minutes the rape continued until the
man sent his seed into the condom and the girl was returned to sit very
painfully on the floor.

Kathy listened with very mixed emotions to the cries emanating from her friend.
She knew Melanie was going through hell. She knew she would be given the same
treatment, or worse, and yet the sounds and her own imagination had caused her
juices to flow with the sadistic sexual stimulation.

Darren kept up the commentary. "Now it is the turn of you boys. First a dozen
lashes across the arse then six on your cocks and finally, just so you know what
rape really means, we have four gay men here who will delight in forcing their
cocks up your tight arseholes. They love young boys and may even want second
helpings." All four boys yelled, cursed and swore but it made no difference.
Bryn was dragged to the box and soon the warehouse echoed to his hoarse screams
and the riding crop made it mark repeatedly across Bryn's arse cheeks.

"Swoosh."

"That's twelve," Darren continued, "and his arse now is covered with welts.
There is hardly any space between them. However, I do believe Bryn is getting a
hard on. Yes, he is at least semi hard now. That will be good for the next phase
of his punishment. Perhaps the way his balls are jiggling when each stroke lands
has stimulated him or it may be the fire in his bum is caused the blood to flow
in his cock."

"They are now lifting him to a standing position. He's not very steady on his
feet but that doesn't matter, two strong guys have him. Another man is placing a
table under his cock. Its only about 4 or 5 inches long but I guess you all know
that, and is now laying flat on the hard table top so the cock will feel the
full impact of the crop."

"Swoosh. Slap." The noise sounded like a rifle shot as the crop hit both the
base of Joe's cock and the table. A terrible cry followed and was followed by
five others as the crop worked it vicious havoc along the length of the boy's
cock shaft swollen now by welts rather than more pleasurable male hardness. It
was all described in very graphic detail to the horrified listeners awaiting
their turn.

"Over the box with him again. Are you ready gay man one?" Having witnessed the
boy's thrashing, gay man one was certainly ready with a rock hard, condom
covered cock. He applied Vaseline to Bryn's arsehole and to the condom before
pushing it to the puckered brown opening. Three attempts later gay man one
gained limited entry to the virgin hole. His efforts were accompanied by pitiful
cries, pleas and sobs from the tortured boy. Entry of the cock have having been
made, the sphincter muscles opened to allow the lubricated cock to fully enter.
Gay man one took full advantage of this and rammed it home and continued
forcefully fucking the boy's sore arse. What seemed like an eternity later, gay
man one ejaculated and withdrew. Bryn, crying, yelling and swearing was
unceremoniously dumped on the floor alongside Melanie who was sobbing quietly
after her ordeal.

"Gag, that one," Darren commanded, "and then bring Pete to the box."

An hour later all four boys had similar treatment. Kevin's rape had been
particularly brutal. Darren saved gay man four till last because he had the
largest cock and he thought it fitting Kevin should receive it. "Now Kathy,
seeing this was your idea and you personally carried out the thrashing and
orchestrated the rape of an innocent girl, you must expect to receive more
punishment than the others. That's only fair."

"No! No!" Kathy cried out as she was carried to the box, "No girl could possibly
take more than you gave Melanie and survive."

"I can assure you, they can and you will. Remember too, this punishment is only
for what you did to Fiona, there is still the question of recompense for all the
robberies to our shops. I think a dozen on the arse for starters"

Twelve strokes of the crop later and Kathy was reduced to a howling, sobbing and
pleading heap of sore flesh. "Turn her over." Darren's order was greeted with
further supplications for mercy which were treated with contempt. "You didn't
show Fiona any mercy. Now you know what it feels like to be totally at the mercy
of others. Half a dozen across the tops of her thighs and on her mound."

Methodically the crop seared it stripes across the lower part of her belly and
the top of her legs. "Four to her cunt, that probably needs more tenderizing
than Melanie's." Kathy started to slip into unconsciousness but a cup of cold
water revived her. "No, you are not going to sleep on us dear, you must feel
every stroke and we are not done yet." They did however give her a few minutes
break.

"Can you guess which parts are to feel the lash next?" taunted Darren. Kathy
could, but didn't answer. The pain was already almost unbearable.

"I only used a belt on Fiona's tits, what will the riding crop do to mine?" She
dreaded the feel of that terrible weapon on her very soft flesh. Arms lifted her
and placed a narrower box directly under her shoulder blades. Her head fell back
on one side and her stomach on the other leaving her breasts as the highest
points of her body. Even flattened by gravity, they presented an easy target.

"Warm them up." For the first time, no fixed number was given. Darren had no
idea how much pain a girl could take there but was about to find out. The
whipper laid the first stroke across the underside of both breasts long the
crease where they joined the chest. A blood curdling howl came from Kathy. A
second stripe appeared this time across the upper crease. Each succeeding stroke
applied alternately to the lower and upper breast surfaces came closer to the
nipples. Stroke seven went right across both. Kathy passed out. More water
revived her.

Her rape was almost a non event. Yes, she did receive a good fucking from the
same man who had defiled Melanie, but she was so out of it that any sensations
from the prick were nullified by the pain of her thrashing.




Chapter 4. The Cellar

Kathy lay awake and watched the light from the small window set high in one wall
of the room. It could be a dungeon she thought but as the light increased saw it
was a cellar. Every so often she tried to move and find a more comfortable way
to lie on the lumpy mattress that was the only item on the old iron bedstead but
everytime she moved more pain flashed through her tortured flesh. Shouting was
out of the question. Her voice had gone from the screaming of the previous
evening, her throat was parched and she wanted a drink but with her wrists
cuffed behind her and one ankle chained to a bed post she couldn't go far even
if she knew where to go. Some time, it must have been early because the house
was very quiet, the boiler came on and started to heat the hot water system
making the already stifling atmosphere even hotter. Kathy sweated but that only
increased her misery.

Later she heard faint voices. "Help," she tried to shout but no real sound came.

*****

"Would you like to see how Kathy was punished, Fiona?" Reggie asked his niece at
breakfast the next morning. She'd had a good night's sleep and was feeling
better although it still hurt to move and sit on a hard chair.

"You've punished her already?"

"Yes, and the others. The others were dropped off near their homes but Kathy's
in the cellar as she still has to pay off the debt she owes for the robberies."

"What did you do to her?

"Same as she did to you but more so."

Reggie unlocked the cellar door and let the way down the stairs. After the
brightness of the sunshine streaming in the wide kitchen window, the cellar
seemed very dim but Fiona was able to make out the form of a huddled figure
lying on a bed.

"Well what does it feel like to get some of the treatment you gave me?" Fiona's
voice held a note of triumph. "Now you know what it is like too......"

Aghast at the sight that beheld her when three pairs of fluorescent lights
spluttered into life, Fiona stopped in mid sentence. Kathy lay uncovered on top
of a mattress still crying and moaning with the pain. "Oh my God, Uncle Reggie,
you went too far. You can't punish her any more."

"I can and I will. A petty crook like her deserves all she gets. Have you
forgotten what she did to you?"

Kathy looked up at them and croaked something unintelligible. "Let me clean her
up and give her painkillers and salve like Phyllis did for me. You really did go
too far Unc."

"Actually it was Darren but he was acting on my orders. Oh okay, if you think
you want to play nurse do so but make sure the chain is kept locked to the bed.
Don't let her intimidate you. Remember you are her boss now." For the first time
Fiona noticed the anklet and chain that connected Kathy to the bedpost. It was
long enough to enable the girl to get out of bed but she restricted walking to a
couple of yards.

"What about the handcuffs? Can I take them off?"

"Yes, if you think it is safe to do so. The key is on the shelf but I think I
will put the anklet key in my pocket in case she tries to persuade you to free
her. I know you have a soft heart."

"What are you going to do with her?" she asked her uncle and they left the
cellar together. He was setting off for work and she to find materials cleaning
and making Kathy more comfortable.

"Probably keep her here a few days until she can move a bit and then take her to
the timber yard."

"She can't hump timber."

"No but the seamen and clients may well pay to hump her." Reggie laughed at his
own joke and left for the office.

Fiona woke Phyllis. She too was horrified by the sight of the girl and agreed
the punishment was overdone, "But that's Reggie's way," she said, "he never does
anything by halves. He probably won't like me helping either so I'll give you
all the advice and materials I can and leave you to do the work. She'll probably
want plenty to drink as well as the stuff I put on you. I'll get some more
Ibuprofen when I go out. I do have to work as well you know, at least I am
supposed to."

Fiona collected all the stuff she thought she would need. She even found spare
pillows and clean sheets. Several months earlier, Mr. Hindley, the school
careers officer suggested a nursing job for Fiona and she had thought about it
but little did she then realise her nursing career would start in a cellar
tending the wounds of a naked school girl. Placing a straw to the girls lips,
she helped her drink from the glass of orange juice.

"Bitch!" was all the thanks she got. The juice had loosened her vocal cords but
her voice still sounded very hoarse.

Surprising herself, Fiona slapped the girl's face. "Now you just listen to me
Kathy. I'm still sore from the beating you gave me." Fiona lifted her Tee shirt
to show the bruises still on her breasts. "My bottom and between my legs are
very sore too and the memory of your spitefulness is still vivid so I can leave
you here without anyone to see to you at all until the Reggie or his friends
come and put some food and water out for you. That may not be till much later.
However, if you are a little more civil I will try to relieve some of your pain.
Either way it doesn't make much difference to me. Which is it to be?"

Sullenly Kathy agreed to accept Fiona's offer.

"Look here Kathy, I know you hate me probably as much as I hate you but if we
call a truce, then I can help you and perhaps you can do a little for me too.
Agreed?"

"I guess so." Again the reply was made without enthusiasm.

"I am going to take off the handcuffs now but at the first sign of trouble they
go on again. Understand?" Kathy nodded.

"Okay. Do you need to pee?" Kathy nodded. "I'm sorry but I cannot release you
and the only thing they have provided is this 'guzunder'. Taking the pot from
under the bed to show Kathy.

"That's just an old fashioned piss-pot. Do you expect me to use that? And what
did you call it a guzunder for?"

"It's that or nothing," answered Fiona, "and guzunder was what my grandmother
called it because it 'goes under' the bed. Now swing your legs over the edge of
the bed." The explanation almost brought a smile to Kathy's face.

Swinging legs was easier said than done. Putting any weight on her arse caused
bolts of fiery pain to shoot through her body but with Fiona taking some of the
weight from her body she managed it. "I can't sit on it!" Kathy cried, tears
again streaming from her eyes. Fiona placed a chair either side of the pot and
Kathy was able to rest her arms on the seats and keep herself from actually
sitting while Fiona positioned the pot under the stream.

"Only a few days ago," thought Fiona, "I would never have dreamed of watching
another girl pee. Now after having been raped and sleeping with Reggie and
Phyllis, I can do it without even blushing."

Kathy took two of the proffered painkillers and allowed Fiona to wash the
mascara and make-up that had run and all the dirt from her face. Quite
accidentally during the washing, Fiona's hand touched Kathy's breasts. "Careful
bitch!" The words were full of venom. Without a word, Fiona packed the washing
gear and salve and started to leave. Halfway up the stairs Kathy called her
back. "I'm sorry Fiona. Don't go."

"Kath, let me make this clear before I try to help you. First, I didn't know
anything about this happening until breakfast this morning. Secondly, while you
are here, you take orders from me. Not the other way round. I may not hurt
anywhere near as much as you but I still hurt and it makes me remember why you
are here. Perhaps I keep calm too long but if and when I get mad at your
insults, then look out. It won't take much to make you scream the roof off." To
emphasize the point she lightly flicked a nipple with the back of her finger
tips which did indeed cause Kathy to howl with pain. "Be reasonable with me and
I will do what I can for you, otherwise you can suffer like they intended. Is
that clear?"

No answer.

"Is that clear?"

Kathy nodded and again murmured, "Sorry." There was authority in Fiona's voice
she had not heard before.

"Lay back and I am going to wash your breasts. It will hurt but I must get them
clean before I put on the salve so you will just have to bear it for a bit. I
will be as careful as I can." Fiona handled the swollen and bruised tits as
carefully as she could but even so it caused Kathy to cry out several times
before the salve was rubbed in and she could turn her attentions to other areas.
The buttocks were fairly straightforward although extremely painful but then
came the vaginal area. "Do I need to get a douche?"

"No. It would be too fucking painful and they used French letters so there is
nothing inside but they did use the fucking crop very hard on it."

Fiona reminded her to be careful of her language and then cleaned and salved the
whole area and paid particular attention to the clit. Having received at least
one direct hit it was puffy and livid red. In spite of her upbringing, Fiona
began feeling the moisture flow in her own cunt as she gently massaged her
companion. Pain took away some of the sexual feeling from Kathy but she
understood why Fiona was doing it.

"What are they going to do with me?" Kathy asked.

"I don't really know but there was some talk of taking you to the timber yard
and making you work off the debt for your robberies."

"I can't shift timber. I can't even move far."

"They know that but from what I just heard you wouldn't have to move much. You
would be entertaining clients laying down. That's only what I heard them talking
about. It may not happen."

Kathy groaned. "They are going to use me as a cheap fucking whore. Sorry. Can
you do anything to stop them?"

"I honestly doubt if they will take any notice of me. Now lie on your side,
that's what if found best, and get some rest. I'll look in again later."

An hour later, Fiona looked in. Kathy was dripping with sweat but was dozing.
The pain killers had kicked in but the air was hot and humid. Fiona tried the
window but that hadn't been opened for years. She found a desk fan in one of the
rooms and set that to blow air over the girl. It helped a little. Fortunately
the boiler timer was now in the off position.

"Can I have some more drink?" Fiona's movements had wakened Kathy from her light
doze.

"What else do you say?"

"Please, Miss." Kathy made it sound as if she was answering one of her teachers.

Along with the drink, Fiona brought a bowl of cold water and a flannel and
gently began wiping the sweat off the girl's body but even the small amount of
effort she exerted caused her blouse to become soaked with her own sweat. She
took it off. Her tits were still very colourful but were pale when compared to
the exotic hues of Kathy's.

"It's alright for you, you can get a shower. I can't even have a proper piss."
Kathy grumbled. "Sorry, I know you can't help it. Would you rub some more cream
on.....please?"

 "How is she?" Phyllis enquired. They were in the kitchen preparing vegetables
for the evening meal.

"Sore of course but the heat is crippling down there. It will be worse now the
boiler has cut in again."

"I really was asking about her temper."

"Oh, she not in a very good mood but at least she realises she is helpless and
is now trying not to aggravate me. Are we cooking enough for her too?"

"Officially, no but I am sure there will be left-overs." There was and Fiona
took them down to her and added some ice cream. Reggie at first refused when
asked to allow her to have a shower but Fiona argued that it might prevent
infection and in any case the conditions in the cellar were far too
dehabilitating for anyone to recover. The heat wave and the boiler just made the
cellar an oven. Finally he agreed to the shower with conditions.

"You're a persistent little cuss. She doesn't deserve anyone like you to look
after her." In the cellar he saw first hand what the conditions were like. "If
you agree to be responsible for her and not to remove the hand cuffs until she
is back on the bed her and her ankle chain is fastened, then you can take her
for a shower. There's a space heater in the garage. I'll bring that down and set
that on cold blow so it should reduce the heat a little but its noisy." Turning
to Kathy, "Bitch, you are in Fiona's charge. Any nonsense and you are back down
here, no fan, no nothing and I will lock the cellar door so she can't get in and
you can't get out. Understand?"

Kathy knew she had no choice but to agree. She allowed her wrists to be cuffed
so Reggie would unlock the ankle chain. Walking and climbing stairs pulled
muscles that were stiff and tender but it felt good just to get out of the
cellar heat. Fiona took her to the shower and undressed herself and they
showered together.

"Are you a lezzie?" Kathy asked.

Blushing furiously, Fiona said "No" but her own mind wondered if she was.
Washing Kathy's breasts and pubic mound she had feelings in her groin area that
she hadn't known before. Moisture flowed in her vagina.

Trying to extend the visit to the shower as long as possible, Kathy kept up an
unusually long conversion with Fiona. Eventually though, the water flow had to
stop and Fiona carefully dried her with a fluffy towel. "You can use the loo
while I dry myself if you wish," Fiona whispered. Unfortunately without help
from her hands, Kathy sat down harder than she intended and yelled as he
tortured arse hit the seat but she made no other complaint. The loo was
certainly preferable to the piss pot.

Within the translucent shower screen, Kathy dried herself and then waited until
the sounds of Kathy pooping had ceased. It then hit her. Kathy wouldn't be able
to wipe the shit from her own arse! "Well if I really want to be a nurse, then I
have to do it." Kathy suggested removing the handcuffs but that met with an
adamant, "No. We have to play by Uncle Reggie's rules otherwise he will lock you
down there with nothing. It took some time for me to get him to allow you to
shower." Kathy had to bend down and completely expose her arse to allow her shit
to be wiped away. For some reason she found that far more embarrassing than when
cream was being applied to the same area.

Fiona, not wanting to put on dirty clothes, led Kathy to the bedroom she now
called hers and put on a light nightdress. Kathy sat on the soft bed and pair
talked for a while mainly on what happened to her and the boys on the previous
evening, until Phyllis came in and suggested Kathy better return to the cellar
before Reggie came up.

*****

"Do you think I'm a Lezzie, Phyllis?"

"What makes you say that?" They sat side by side on the bed. Phyllis with a
glass of wine, Fiona with a glass of milk.

"Kath asked, and when I cuddle with you I get feeling in my groin and I did when
I washed her this morning and again in the shower."

"That doesn't necessarily mean your a lesbian. I get those feelings too when I'm
with a woman. And with you. You haven't experienced joy from a man yet so until
you do, then reserve judgement. I like sex with men and with women. I don't
suppose you've had real sex with a woman either. Or have you?"

"No. I've only been around naked women in the last few days apart from showering
after sports. What...what is sex like with a woman?"

"I'll get another glass of wine and if you are not too sore, perhaps you would
like to find out." Returning with a full glass, Phyllis lay close alongside the
younger girl and kissed her passionately. Soon Fiona's tongue responded and they
spent some time tongue fighting in each other mouths and massaging each other's
breasts. Finally Phyllis pulled away. "You just want to taste the wine!" she
laughed. "Now because you are still sore, it will be better if you are on top.
We'll try sixty-nining. Just do to me what I do to you."

Each soon had their heads buried in the other's crotch and were lapping cunt
juices and sucking clits. Fiona came with an orgasm that was far more intense
than any she had previously experienced. Phyllis followed minutes later but that
didn't stop her continuing to excite her ward. Fiona was in heaven. She had
never experienced anything like it. Phyllis's tongue probed, teased, aggravated
and stimulated her beyond her wildest dreams. Her hands massaged her arse cheeks 
bruises carefully but it all added to her sexual high. Slowly her mind
registered that the hands were not as soft as previously. Opening her eyes, she
looked down and was shocked to see Reggie standing there naked and doing the
massaging. She tried to rise but a pair of thighs locked themselves around her
head. "Lie still and enjoy Fiona. Reggie won't rape you. I will see to that."

Reggie continued to rub her arse and cunt. Somehow, although rougher and less
refined than Phyllis's ministrations, Fiona was more excited. Perhaps it was the
realisation that it was being done by a naked man. A man with a hard erection.
She climaxed again.

Reggie needed to relieve himself. Rolling Fiona to one side he climbed between
his partner's legs and thrust his cock into the well lubricated cunt. Lying
where she was with her face close to the action, Fiona wondered what it would be
like to have a man do it to her with love like Reggie was so obviously doing to
Phyllis. Murmurs and cries of enjoyment emanated from Phyllis. "It can't be as
bad as my experiences," thought Fiona as she again contemplated having a man's
cock inside her.

The oppressive heat and the fast action had made them all sweaty. Reggie
suggested they all get into the master shower. It had two shower heads and would
take the three of them comfortably. Each cleaned the others and Reggie made a
special point of having Fiona clean his cock. Under her touch it started to
harden but with the recent emission only became semi erect.

*****

For three more days the oppressive heat wave continued. Fiona did her best to
keep Kathy cool and look after her but the heat made it all too easy for nerves
to become frayed. As some of her whipping marks faded and muscles became easier
to move, so increased Kathy's frustration at being chained to the bed. She only
half believed that Fiona could not get the key and release her. On that third
evening when it seemed another thunderstorm was brewing, Fiona came to collect
the dirty dinner crockery. As usual she spent a few minutes sitting alongside
Kathy and chatting. Suddenly the girl lashed out and her fist caught Fiona on
her cheek knocking her off the bed. Immediately Kathy was on top of her. Her
knees pressed into the smaller girl's back forcing her face  to the floor.
Grabbing a handful of hair she cried, "Now bitch, agree to get the key, or I'll
pull out every hair on your head by its roots."

"I can't get it. Reggie has it in his pocket.!"

"Liar!"

"It's true. I can't get the key. Let me go. I've tried to help you. Ooowww!!"
The scream followed a vicious tug on her hair.

"Liar!"

Fiona struggled and bucked despite the pain. Momentarily Kathy lost her balance.
Fiona seeing her chance elbowed her attacker in the chest causing her to shriek
with pain as the bony end found its mark in the still painful left breast. A
kick to the crotch and Fiona was free and out of the chain's limited range.

Fury took over Fiona. "So you sort to break the trust I put in you. Well if that
is how you want to be repaid then so be it. This time though, I am going to do
the paying." Garden tools were kept in a corner of the cellar and it was here
Fiona found a stack of bamboo canes that had seen service as plant supports.
Selecting one even though it was old and probably brittle, it was a cane and
Fiona intended to use it.

Kathy watched her approach. She knew she had gone too far. Never before had she
seen Fiona lose her temper and she was very apprehensive indeed as to what might
happen. Fiona wouldn't be using reason when she wielded the cane. Chained, she
couldn't run but if she were quick enough, she could dodge the sweep of the
cane. Fiona swung it wildly. Three times it sang its way through the air but
fortunately Kathy was able to keep out of the way. Seeking to avoid the fourth
swing, Kathy tripped over the chain and fell face down on the floor. Before she
could rise, two hefty welts appeared across her back. The next one across her
buttocks broke the cane. Fiona threw it away in disgust and suddenly realised
what she had done. Feelings of remorse started to rise within her but the sense
of power stayed. Her logical mind said, "Keep in charge. Don't let her take the
advantage again."

"Get on the bed Kathy. Face down. Hands behind your back so I can put the cuffs
on."

"I'm not that stupid bitch!"

Calmly now, Fiona collected another cane. "Either do it or receive a few more
stripes." I can get Reggie, she thought, but that will diminish my power over
her. Kathy eyed the new cane, trying to weigh up the chances of getting the
upper hand.

"Maybe if I can get her to come a little closer?" Pretending to lie on the bed,
she waited until Fiona came to place the cuffs on her wrists. Tiger-like she
sprang knocking her opponent back but hindered by the chain on one foot, the
spring didn't have the force she needed to completely overpower Fiona. It
knocked her back winding her a little but she was able to keep out of her grasp.
Kathy tried to follow with another attack but cool headed now, Fiona waited and
as the girls leaped brought a tight fist into her stomach. The force of the
punch combined with the force of the leap, completely knocked all the breath
from Kathy and she fell gasping on the floor. Fiona slipped the cuffs on.

"Well done, little one!" Reggie stood on the stairs.

"She attacked ....."

"Yeah, I know. I saw it. I could have helped earlier but thought it better for
you to fight your own battles." Reggie came over. "You want to use the cane on
her now?"

"No. We've both had enough pain. But, but why did she do it? After all I tried
to do to help her. And she wouldn't believe I didn't have the key." Tears were
flowing from Fiona's eyes. "I tried to help her and she attacked me." She kept
repeating the words as if they would offer an explanation.

Reggie rolled Kathy face up on the bed. Putting a hand in his pocket he withdrew
a key. "This is the only key to your chain. She didn't have access to it. I
think you ought to apologise don't you?"

"No. As a prisoner, I think I am entitled to try and escape."

"And perhaps I should punish you for making the attempt and trying to hurt one
of my staff. How would it be if I tie you spread-eagled, face up like you are
now and stripe you from the knees to the neck?" Reggie brought another cane and
waved it over Kathy. "There are plenty of these so if I break a few it won't
matter. Fiona and Reggie could see the fear in Kathy's eyes but there was a
stubbornness also that didn't want to give in.

Fiona took the cane, swung it in the air and brought it down on Kathy's pubic
mound. However, at the last moment she halted its downward path so it landed
with just a gentle tap. Micro seconds before it landed Kathy had started to
yell, "I'm sorry!" She would never know whether the apology saved her from the
full stroke or whether Fiona never intended to hit hard.

Picking up the dinner plates she had originally came for, Fiona nodded to Reggie
indicating they should leave.

*****

Late evening the storm broke with full venom and raged for three hours. Knowing
how Fiona feared storms, Phyllis sat with her and when Reggie eventually came
up, the three snuggled together in the same bed. Fiona was up first and partly
opened the curtains to a bright fresh morning. The storm had cleared the air.
She peed and then returned to the comfort of her bed companions. They too 
stirred and made the pilgrimage to the loo and returned. "It's Sunday," Fiona
remembered. Not having a school schedule she had lost track of the days.

Reggie pulled Phyllis to him and noisily began fondling and sucking her breasts.
Feeling like an intruder Fiona got up to return to her own room. "She has two
tits, you can play with one," Reggie offered, "You don't have to leave. I know
you two have played together already so there is no need to be ashamed." Phyllis
slid her arm around Fiona's neck and pulled her to close.

"Have you told her about the party weekend?" Reggie enquired.

"Not yet." Phyllis turned her head, "Fi, in two weekend's time we are having a
party here with another two couples coming to stay. You've seen enough of what
we get up to, to know what sort of party it will be. It's a sex party. A
swapping party. No one is allowed to sleep or fuck his own partner. We have one
of these parties each month and this month it is our turn to host it. Probably
it will be better if you return home before they come."

"No! Please don't send me back home!" Fiona was shocked at the news she was to
be sent away. Since being in the freer atmosphere of her uncle's home, she
dreaded returning to her staid and reproving mother. "Please, let me stay. I'll
keep out of the way. I'll do anything you want. Just don't send me home." Tears
flowed down her cheeks.

Gently Phyllis calmed her young friend. "Fiona, some of the things we do may
well bring back memories of your rape and punishment. We do a bit of light BDSM.
Do you know what that is?"

Fiona nodded. "Spanking and things. Tying up."

"Yes, sort of. And we make each other do things that you might not want to see.
Things which could bring back unpleasant memories. We also play adult board
games where the forfeits can be embarrassing even to us."

"Couldn't I stay and keep out of the way?"

"Sorry. That's not a practical option."

"Would you let me take part? Please don't send me back. I don't think I can face
mother's recriminations yet."

"Fiona. I don't think you really understand what you are asking. To put it in
its crudest terms. You would be fucked, spanked or worse, you would be made to
do other things like sucking men off. And women too. There is nothing barred
except anything that would injure or cause permanent damage."

"Uncle Reggie? Would you let me take part?"

"Like Phyl said, you don't really know what you would be letting yourself in
for. We enjoy it even though sometimes it is rather painful and we are made to
do things and have things done to us that are rather obscene." Reggie stopped
and thought for a moment, then carried on, "Phyl, why don't we invite Michael
over this evening and play the adult snakes and ladders game. If she can handle
that we could consider letting her stay and have Michael even up the numbers.
Fiona if we try this and you want to back out of anything, just say so. However,
at the party weekend you won't have that choice."

Phyllis agreed to the suggestion and explained that Mike was the twenty year old
son of one of the couples who would be attending. He had been with a girl friend
once before but they had now broken up. "Let's invite him for lunch and then see
how they get on together before deciding on the evening."

*****

"Uncle Reggie! Kathy's gone. She must have escaped some how."

After a leisurely breakfast, Fiona had decided she had better see how Kathy
fared. "It won't hurt the bitch to wait for once, especially after last night.
If I keep her waiting she may worry that I will not do anything at all for her."
To her astonishment the bed in the cellar was empty. The chain was there but no
longer connected to an ankle.

"It's okay Fi. She was taken away last night. She has to start earning her money
soon and she was getting to be a problem here."

"Is she at the timber yard?"

"Sort off," Reggie answered in a voice that indicated he wouldn't say exactly
where she was.




Chapter 5. The 'Golden Dragon'

Thunder kept Kathy awake. Lightening momentarily illuminated the cellar through
the tiny window. All reflected Kathy's dark mood as she lay handcuffed and
chained to the bed. Thoughts ran through her mind. What had she gained by
attacking Fiona? The bitch had tried to help her. Even if she had overpowered
the bitch, what would it have gained her? Where could she have gone? Until they
moved her from this prison she was in their power. "Bastards!" What right have
they to treat me like this? Fuming she semi silently berated her captors,
conveniently forgetting what she had done to bring this on herself.

"Bastards!" she yelled to empty air for the umpteenth time. Voices. People were
coming. If it was Fiona she would give her the sharp edge of her tongue. She
would shame her into at least releasing her wrists.

Light flooded the room and Reggie entered with three other men. "Here she is
boys. She not in a good mood so be careful."

Kathy curled up into small ball. "Fuck off. Leave me alone." She had intended to
use other invectives but she realised it would only make things worse.

"Kath, we can do this the hard and painful way if you like. I'm sure the boys
here will love tanning your backside. First though I would like you to meet
Doric. He will be looking after you for the next few weeks until you have earned
enough to pay for what you stole and the damage you caused." Doric put out his
hand and shook Kathy's manacled wrists.

"Pleased to meet you Kath." Glancing up, Kathy saw the stockily built man
grinning at her. She cringed. He was big. No doubt he had muscles to match.

"Doric is used to throwing timber around so you shouldn't be any trouble to
him," Reggie informed her. "Now the plan is to put a pair of overall trousers
and lumber jacket top on you and take you to the seaside." Swiftly the men
removed the chain from her ankle and put on the trousers. No knickers or other
underwear. Before undoing the cuffs on her wrists they fastened another pair
around her ankles. It was unnecessary. Kathy couldn't have run far surrounded as
she was by four men. Soon she was dressed in more clothes than she had worn in
the past week or so. A peaked cap thrust tightly on her head and a pair of dark
sunglasses completed her outfit.

"Can we put our cocks in her Boss?" one of the men enquired.

"Not until you arrive at your destination and then you must use condoms. That
goes for you to Doric. Fuck her as much as you like but I don't want a pregnant
whore on my hands. We've a supply of contraceptive pills for her but it will
take three weeks or so for them to be effective. Make sure the punters wear one
as well. We don't want her getting diseased." He turned to Kathy, "Behave
yourself and you won't be badly hurt. Try any tricks and they have permission to
thrash you and I know you are still tender from your evening at the warehouse."
Kathy remained sullenly silent.

"Back the van up as close to the door as you can, Joe. We don't want too many
people seeing her - and we don't want to get any wetter than necessary." Tossing
a coat over his head, Joe left the cellar.

Doric easily slung Kathy over his shoulder. Her head and arms hung down his back
while his hands clasped her thighs and felt her bum. "Hold still, Kath."
Emphasizing the words with a playful slap to her rear he started up the stairs.
"Reggie, throw a coat over us both then no one will know there are two of us."

"You're not just a pretty face Doric. Good idea."

"Yeah, I know, I'm just not a pretty face."

Doric climbed in the back and unceremoniously dumped his load on a mattress that
had been placed on the floor. Unexpectedly, he lay down beside her. Kath thought
he would ride up front with the other two. Instead he fondled her breasts and
cunt for most of the journey.

A moon had appeared and the rain had ceased by the time they arrived at the
timber yard. Flinging open the rear door, Joe peered inside. "You got her ready
for us Doric?"

"Yeah, she's hot and ready boys. You got the condoms?"

Kathy felt the chain connecting the ankle cuffs being released and then her
trousers being pulled off. Struggling proved useless. Her legs were spread and
Joe entered her. It was true, Doric's attentions had got her juices flowing but
still she wasn't ready for the quick, deep thrust as Joe's seven inch prick
forcibly made its way into her love box. She tried to scream but a hand quickly
covered her mouth and she felt the tip of a knife blade at her throat. No words
were spoken but she got the message. Joe pumped away but with a fuck so long
anticipated, he climaxed long before he wanted. It was over in minutes.

Joe's friend, Kathy hadn't heard him named, took his place. His cock was smaller
but he used it to better effect and took longer before he too sent his semen
into the end of the condom. By now Kathy was expecting Doric to rape her but he
just pulled her from the van. After lying cramped for so long, Doric had to
support her while he pulled her trousers up. Standing barefoot on wet gritty
concrete didn't help he balance either.

"Okay boys, you'd better get back and I'll take this one to her new home."

"Don't do anything we wouldn't do Doric!" Joe called out as the van drove away

Fear overcame Kathy's body and she started shaking violently. What would this
hulk of a man do to her? Surprising her, Doric just gripped her around the waist
and pulled her close. "No need for that, little one, I ain't going to hurt you
unless you cause me trouble and that little hole of yours should be used to a
cock or two by now. If is isn't it will be by the time you leave." He gave her
another hug. Kathy was uncertain whether to be relieved at his word or
apprehensive of them.

"Come, we've a bit to go before we get to the 'Golden Dragon'. Kathy looked
around. The van had dropped them in an unlit part of the quay. In one direction,
floodlights bathed an area with amber light. A couple of cranes stood like
sentinels, silently guarding each end of the wharf. No one appeared to be
around. "Probably night watchmen or security guards though," she thought to
herself and fleetingly wondered if she could run and escape that way. But she
couldn't run. Even with her ankle cuffs unclasped the gritty concrete made if
difficult for her to stand let alone run in bare feet. In any case Doric was
holding on to her.

Doric turned and headed away from the wharf. All Kathy could see was a few
isolated lights and the masts of small boats. Seeing she had difficulty with
walking, Doric scooped up and holding her on his hip like and African woman
carrying a baby, he walked briskly to the masts. When they reached a wooden
pontoon jetty, Doric set her on her feet again. "Careful along here. The rain
has made it slippery."

Indeed it was. Twice Kathy slipped as they walked between the aisles of moored
boat. Doric caught her each time. Kathy noticed he was wearing role soled shoes
and seemed very sure footed on the treacherous causeway. Near the end, they
climbed aboard a small motor boat, Doric started the engine and they headed out
into the river.

"Where are we going?" Kathy shivered in the cool wind that whipped through her
hair.

"Not far." Shortly after they came to an ex naval boat now converted to a
private pleasure boat resplendent in white paint.

Surveying the room she now found herself in, Kathy thought at least it is better
than that cellar. There were soft cushions, a table and with bunk seats and
lights. It was a little small but cosy. "Fine, she thought, but what will happen
to me?"

Doric grinned. "Like your new home?"

"My new prison!"

"Yeah, that too. But it may not be as bad as you think. Depends on how you take
to it. Anyway it's time for bed. I'll show you how to use the toilet. It's a bit
different on a boat especially an older one like this." Doric showed her how to
open and close the seacocks and use the hand pump. "Its an improvement on the
piss pot," Kathy exclaimed. Lifting the seat, Doric took out his cock and
urinated into the pan. For the first time Kathy saw the end of his cock. Even in
its soft state it looked fatter than any she'd seen before. "Did he fuck me in
the warehouse?" she wondered.

I don't have to stand as well when I pee on a boat do I?" she asked tongue in
cheek.

"Only if your bum is too sore to sit!" Doric's reply was accompanied by a gentle
smack to her arse which stung more than he intended and which caused you to give
a little yelp.

The cabin which Doric told her was their bedroom, was small but nicely
furnished. Along one side, under the boat's side deck which gave barely enough
headroom to sit up, was rather narrow double bed. It was intended to sleep two
but they would be close together. A cushioned seat with lockers under ran the
length of the opposite wall leaving about five feet of floor space between. A
built in wardrobe at the end was empty. "When I'm on my own, I sleep for'ard."
Doric explained, "Put your clothes in here and then we'll try and get a few
hours sleep." With an air of shyness Kathy took off the few clothes she was
wearing and watched while a companion did the same. Doric laughed again when he
saw her glancing at his weapon, now in a semi-hard state.

"Take a good look at it little one. You'll get to know it well enough in the
next few days or weeks." Kathy found herself lifted and placed in the bed. "I'm
going to leave your cuffs undone for now but at the first hint of trouble I will
tie you down as tight as a trussed chicken." He cuddled Kathy to him and
surprised her by not fucking her immediately. It was 3.30 a.m. They slept.

Sun streamed through the skylight. Kathy had been half awake for some time. The
boat movements, the sound of water rushing by and being held tightly in the arms
of a powerful man were all strange to her. She needed to pee but could not
extricate herself without waking Doric. In the end she just had to try. Doric
woke. "What's up Kath?"

"I need to pee."

"Me too." Doric climbed out revealing a his cock piss hard, "And then we must do
something about this." It was immediately apparent to Kathy he was going to fuck
her. Could she take that fearsome weapon without too much pain? She was now
certain Doric was not one of those who raped her in the warehouse. Both relieved
themselves and returned to the bunk.

"Doric? Please be gentle. I'm still sore from the warehouse rape. I don't know
if I can take one as big as yours."

"I've heard that before but always I've managed to get it in. May hurt a bit for
the first few times but it'll be worth it in the end."

"Would it?" she wondered. Kathy had begun to trust him. So far this huge man had
been the proverbial gentle giant. Would it last when he was fully aroused?

Doric seemed used to dealing with tight pussies. He spent some time with his
head between her legs, licking and sucking until her moisture flowed freely and
she became excited enough to start wanting him inside her. He then rolled a
condom over his cock and smothered it with Vaseline. Even with these
precautions, entry was still slow and painful. Several times she cried out but
eventually his cock was all the way in and he was able to start fucking in
earnest. Kathy's cunt was filled and stretched but now the fucking had begun
sexual feelings flowed through her loins and she even started to enjoy it. Doric
held himself back for nearly ten minutes before his balls released their load
into the latex sheath. Kathy had almost reached her climax too.

"Don't stop now! Just a few more strokes!" With her encouragement Doric kept
pumping his softening cock until she cried out again. Her orgasm had finally
come. They lay back for a while before Doric declared it was time for her to
make breakfast.

Later that morning she and Doric discussed a possible scenario for her life for
the foreseeable future. "Reggie says you owe him $6,000 for damage and items
stolen and that is the amount you have to pay him back. In addition, you will
need clothing. While I would like to keep you naked all the time, you will be
working where other people can see you and on a boat you usually need warmer
clothes than when ashore. You will also need waterproof gear and suitable
footwear. The cost of these things is to be added to your ?6,000 bill. We will
provide your food and stuff but for that you will have to do what you would call
household chores. Cleaning, cooking and things like that."

"That will keep me here for years! As I earn money so it will be taken away for
whatever clothes you deem I should have."

"That could happen," Doric agreed, "But it doesn't have to be as bad as that.
Can you get your mother to put your clothes in a suitcase? We could get it
collected and sent to the wharf. If you phone her on my mobile they won't be
able to trace the call."

"What if I yell at her to get the police?"

"I'd cut the call and you'd end up with a very sore arse!" Doric spoke quietly
but she knew he would do it if he had to. "We'll concoct a story that you found
a boyfriend in London and will be living with him for a while. Later this
morning, if I can trust you and I think I can a certain amount, we'll take the
boat to across the river to Burnham and get you some rope soled shoes from the
marine shop. I will personally buy them for you so they won't go on your bill.
Then we can visit the charity shops to see what we can find. They often have
yachting clothes at cheap prices but it may still cost $50 - $100 but we will
see. Will you agree to behave yourself and not try and make a bolt for it when
we are ashore?"

Kathy wondered what her chances would be to escape but decided it would be
better to suss the place out before making a move. She agreed.

The shoes came to $10.99 and they spent $65.75 in the charity shops on two
sweaters, two pairs of trousers, some shirts and a waterproof coat. This Doric
considered the barest minimum. For dressier occasions she would have to rely on
what her mother packed.

Late afternoon Kathy phoned her mother. She would be up by then and half
recovered from the previous nights booze. Doric held her close, ready to snatch
the phone if necessary as she made the call but she kept to the story and her
mother wasn't very interested in the details. She would have the clothes packed
by the following afternoon.

Reggie phoned several times over the next few days but Doric assured him all was
well and Kathy was behaving. "Is she taking your cock okay?"

"Yes, she's beginning to get used to it now. Had it three times yesterday
because the weather was wet and blowy so we couldn't do much on deck. You got
her stuff alright?... Okay then, I'll pick it up in the morning." This he did.

That afternoon the phone rang again. A rep from a large timber company was on
the wharf asking if there was any 'entertainment' available. Doric put his hand
over the mouth piece and spoke to Kathy, "You might have your first customer."
Into the phone he asked for the rep to be put through.

"I presume you have an expense account?" On receiving affirmation, Doric went
on, "I have a sixteen year old here. Not very experienced and not too willing
but for ?200 you can have an hour with her. She will do what you want in that
hour. She knows what she has to but may be a bit reluctant. Its up to you to get
what you want from her..... I'll come and pick you up now. 'Bout 10 minutes."

"So I am an inexperienced prostitute now am I?" Kathy almost shouted.

"Yes, at least pretend to be reluctant. Make him think he is forcing you."

Half an hour later, Doric had pocketed $200 and explained to Nicholas the rep,
he could use reasonable force to persuade Kathy to do what he wanted but he must
only use the 'slipper' on her arse. There must not be any bruises that would
deter her next customer who was due later that evening. He would have just the
one hour and must use a condom whichever hole he wished to enter. Doric produced
the slipper, really little more than a leather paddle the size and shape of a
size 10 shoe. It would sting badly but wouldn't damage.

Following Doric instructions, Kathy played the part of a reluctant girl who was
only doing this because she was forced to. A scenario that was more or less
true. It wasn't long before Nicholas had her across his knees and was lashing
the slipper on her arse with considerable force. Kathy squealed for Doric but he
didn't come. After a dozen swats she was blubbering and offering to do anything
he wanted. He upended her over the table and straight fucked her from behind.
Kathy winced and shrieked each time Nicholas' pubic hair hit her sore arse but
that didn't stop him from pounding her with all the energy he could muster until
the inevitable. He came.

"There's still more than half an hour of my time left so see if you can get me
hard again," Nicholas demanded. Kathy removed the condom, tied a knot in the top
and wiped his prick with a tissue. Doric had warned her not to suck an unknown
man's cock without protection so she gently massaged it with her fingers. Slowly
it returned to its harder state. He put on a fresh condom and once again upended
her over the table. This time it was her arsehole he wanted.

"No! Please. Not without some lube." Pointing to the Vaseline on the shelf,
"It's just there!"

Fortunately Nicholas took the hint but it still hurt even though he was not
overly large.

*****

"Why did you tell him he could slipper me?" Kathy challenged Doric when they
were alone again.

Smiling Doric asked, "We maybe could have got ?50 or perhaps a little more for
just a plain fuck. For a few swats with the paddle you got ?200. Wasn't it worth
it for the money?"

"He could have hurt me badly so I couldn't have done anything for a week or
more."

"No, he wouldn't. I kept an eye on you all the time."

"How?" she wondered but he didn't say.




Chapter 6. Snakes and Ladders

"You need to throw a six to start. If you don't throw a six, you must take off
one item of clothing.  Pair of shoes, pair of socks, knickers and bra count as
one item. Each of us is wearing five items so five false starts and you are
naked." Fiona looked at the board which bore a superficial resemblance to
childhood game she remembered. However, the ladders seemed shorter and the
snakes longer and there were far more 'red' squares indicating the taking of a
forfeit card. Fiona looked at the two piles of cards, one pink - the girls
forfeits, one blue for the boys. In fact there were two sets of blue and pink
cards. The set they were using had relatively mild forfeits but when they played
seriously, a second set was substituted when the leader crossed a mark a little
over half way round.

"Three!" Phyllis had thrown and taken off her shoes.

"Two!" Michael took off his.

"Five!" Fiona was now shoeless.

"Three!" It was Reggie's turn to lose his shoes.

"Six! I'm starting. I throw again." "Three, a red square." Phyllis took a card.
"Miss a turn. Offer your cunt to the mouth of the (xxx) man to your right.
Publicly remove knickers if still wearing them." Standing, Phyllis lifted her
dress and removed her knickers then rolled the dice again. "Three. That means
the third man on my right," she explained to Fiona, "but as we only have two we
count back and forth. So three is Michael - Reggie back to Michael. It's much
better with six or a dozen players but that does mean the forfeits last longer
too."

Michael's sucking was interrupted as it was his turn to throw. He removed his
socks and started Phyllis' forfeit. Fiona watched with just a little hint of
jealousy.

Five rounds later, Fiona was naked. She was the only one not to have thrown a
six. Her involuntary blushes were now fading as she shook the die. Lucky Reggie
had got away without paying a forfeit; Michael's cock and balls had been tied
with a sock for his forfeit; Phyllis had rushed ahead by going up a short
ladder. However, the extra throw that gave resulted in a clothes peg being
clipped to one nipple.

"Five! What happens now? I've no more clothes to take off."

"Take a forfeit card."

'Get the (xxx) man on your right to put a butt plug up your arse and leave it
there until you throw a five and a three in successive turns.' It fell to Reggie
to do the honours. Phyllis held her arse cheeks apart while her partner inserted
it. It hurt a little but Fiona was determined not to cry out. She wanted to
convince the others she was indeed adult enough for this game.

Michael had to lay over Fiona's lap and be hand spanked for his next forfeit.
"It's got to be on the bare arse," Phyllis told her, "take his trousers and
pants off."

Michael stood in front of her to allow her access to the clip and zip. From the
tenting at the front, Fiona knew he was already hard and when eventually her
fumbling had it free, it sprang out towards her face. Both Reggie and Phyllis
clapped at the sight and then urged her to stop staring and get on with the
forfeit. When Fiona had completely removed Michael's trousers he draped himself
across her lap and somehow managed to get his cock between her thighs.

"Hit harder," Reggie encouraged her. Fiona was uncertain but she could feel his
cock between her legs as she gripped it tightly. Michael squirmed as she hit him
but didn't make a sound. The game continued.

Fiona threw a three. Still unable to get started. Her card told her to lay with
her legs wide apart and to play with her clit it full view of everyone. This
ended Michael's spanking. He seemed to want it to continue. Certainly he had a
very hard erection when he stood.

Reggie's card required a clothes peg to be placed on the head of his cock. It
fell to Phyllis to do the honours. He winced as it closed but didn't complain.

Phyllis got away without a forfeit. So the game went on. Phyllis won and was
pronounced 'Queen' for the rest of the evening. The others were her servants
having to pander to her every wish. She had been lucky in getting the early six
and have several lucky throws towards the end and avoided the snake pit which
only two of the six dice numbers could avoid. However, she had taken her share
of the punishments and like the others was sore in various sensual places and
had performed lewd acts for the general entertainment of everyone. She lay on
the settee with her legs  pulled back to her ears fully exposing both her sex
slit and her brown hole.

"Make your obeisance." The others knew what the ritual sentence meant. Reggie
knelt and placed his tongue first in her slit and then her arsehole. Fiona was
unfazed by doing the first step but only when Reggie gave her arse a hard slap
did she try to put her tongue in the brown rose. She didn't find it unpleasant.
Michael followed.

"Now your cock Michael." Michael needed no second bidding. Closely watched by
Reggie and Fiona, he thrust in with his already rampant cock. It surprised Fiona
that Reggie didn't object but by now she was beginning to understand that Reggie
didn't mind as long as he knew about it. Likewise with Phyllis, she wouldn't
object to Reggie fucking another woman if she knew it.

Soon Michael spent his seed into her body and withdrew. "Suck his cock clean,
Fiona. Reggie, your turn now."

Looking at the softening dripping, sticky cock in front of her, Fiona could
hardly believe they expected her to suck it. "You will be whipped if you disobey
a Queen." Phyllis had seen Fiona's reluctance.

"But.....!"

"Get a flogger and the cuffs from the chest, Michael." He did so and fitted the
cuffs on the trembling wrists.

"Okay, I'll do it!" Fiona yelled.

"Fine, do it then but you will still be punished for the refusal." Unable to use
her hands, Fiona knelt in front of Michael, closed her eyes and opened her
mouth.

"Open your eyes. Look at what you are getting," Michael ordered. She did. The
sight and smell made her draw back a little but Michael grabbed her hair and
pulled her to him. The taste wasn't as bad as she expected. And it didn't hurt
so why had she made the fuss?

"Lick round with your tongue and let it go in further." Michael was enjoying the
sensation even if his cock wasn't hard enough to force an entry on it own. He
pulled out just a Reggie was pulling out of his partner.

"Another one for you Fi." Reggie was bigger and still semi hard but this time
she didn't hesitate. Straight-away she put her mouth around it and had hardly
started to suck when she felt another spurt of spunk hit the back of her mouth.
Unable to spit it out, she swallowed.

"Good girl." Reggie fondled her hair, "Sometimes my balls do have a hidden spurt
when I think I've finished.

"Now clean me," Phyllis ordered, "and Michael use the flogger on her arse while
until she has cleaned me to my satisfaction." Michael brought a stool and set it
at the end of the settee close to Phyllis exposed sex. Lying Fiona with her
belly on the seat and her face at the dripping cunt, he took up position to one
side of her. Descending is a whistling arc, the soft suede leather strips spread
themselves on noisy impact, reddening the already spanked arse flesh further.
Fiona winced but the pain wasn't really that bad. Nothing like the belt the boys
had used. Again the flogger descended. She felt the pain and warmth spreading.

"You are supposed to be cleaning me," barked Phyllis, "The longer you take the
longer the flogging." Fiona started to lick the sperm and juices oozing from the
friend's opening. "Pull the lips wide apart so you can get your tongue right in.
You know how. We did it in bed the other morning."

Fiona flinched as the flogger struck again and then blushed at what Phyllis had
said. "I can't believe she told Mike that," she thought.

Relentlessly the flogger worked it way over the whole of her backside and
started down her thighs. The pain was now increasing but she was also becoming
sexually aroused causing her to wriggle so much she nearly fell from the stool.
Reggie stepped in and held her legs horizontally around his waist. Michael now
worked the flogger between her open thighs, and several times the leather
tongues caught her directly on her sex mound and clitoris. When this happened
she bucked so violently Reggie had difficulty in holding her. Each time it
occurred it brought her nearer to her climax. Finally she came with an
unrestrained yelp.

Phyllis declared herself clean. Michael put down the flogger and picked the girl
up and putting his arms around her, pulled her body close to his. She could feel
her tits flatten against his chest. She could feel his half erect cock against
her pubic bone. She could feel his strong hands holding her tender arse cheeks.
She wanted him.

"May I?" she heard him ask. He must have received an affirmative nod but Fiona
had her eyes closed but she felt herself being carried upstairs and placed on a
bed. Her legs were spread and then there were sounds of a packet being opened.

"Are you ready for this?" a gentle voice asked.

"Yes. Do it"

Michael's condom covered cock slid into the well lubricated young cunt.. Taking
his time, he fucked slowly at first and then as her cries became shriller and
more demanding, he increased the tempo. Having fucked Phyllis less than half an
hour previously, he was able to hold himself back and keep pumping. Once, twice,
thrice she climaxed before Michael finally had to release his load. For several
minutes they lay, sweating and exhausted. Only later did they notice their
performance had been watched from the open door to the master bedroom. Reggie
and Phyllis gave them the thumbs-up sign and quietly closed the door.

Twice more before he had to leave next morning, the pair fucked and while each
time was good, none compared to their first fuck.

*****

"How different would the game have been if we had used the other set of cards?"
Fiona asked as they sat discussing the events of the previous evening. "What
will party weekend's game be like?"

Phyllis answered. "I am still not sure you are up to it. You did very well last
night but it was very tame compared to what usually happens. Firstly there are
more people so each time you get a punishment, it last longer before your turn
comes round again. Sometimes the game lasts so long no one wins or the winner is
the one who is in the lead. We usually set a time limit. Then when the leader
gets to the red path you saw on the board, we change to the other set of cards.
Then instead of hand spankings, a paddle, whip or flogger is used and instead of
pegs on nipples or cocks, it is proper clamps with teeth and instead of fingers
and butt plugs, it is cocks and full size dildoes. And the whips are used on all
parts of the body including tits and cunts."

"The men get their cocks caned as well so it isn't just the women who get
punished on tender places," Reggie interjected, "everyone ends up very sore and
usually goes to bed with a different partner to the one they bring."

"At the start we draw lots for who should partner who," Phyllis continued, "we
make sure no one partners their own wife, husband or 'significant other'. You
could end up by having the cocks of several men inside you during the evening
and not all in you cunt either. Your arse could be used as well. At least by the
time of the meeting your pills will have kicked in and there should be no need
for condoms. All those at the party take regular tests and rarely have sex
outside the circle."

"Would you let Reggie do me so that I get used to taking a larger size man?"

"What and leave me without?" For a few moments, Fiona thought Phyllis was
serious but then noticed the smile on her face. "Yes, of course, as long as I
get my share too," Phyllis added.




Chapter 7. A change of owner?

For two weeks Kathy's life on the boat became a routine of cleaning work and
seeing paying clients. Most just wanted plain sex at ?50 a time. On 'good' days
she entertained four clients, other days nobody, except for Doric. Life wasn't
all cleaning and sex. Trying to keep his charge amused and out of trouble, Doric
took her on trips in the motor boat and patiently taught her how to handle it.
Soon she had to take total control of it when they went to buy supplies or go to
the wharf. It was all so different from her life in the city. Instead of having
to combat people, she was having to overcome the challenges nature threw at them
in the form of wind, weather and tides. Despite the natural challenges she found
herself enjoying the life except for the way necessity decreed she should earn
money.

Reggie sent four of his friends down on the first Sunday and Doric took them on
a four hour cruise on the 'Golden Dragon'. Inexperienced as she was, Kathy had
to act as crew and waitress. Because Reggie had sent them Kathy expected sex to
be on the menu but no, they really did just want a day out on the river.
Fortunately it was warm and fairly calm so serving drinks was not a problem.
Kathy must have done it well as they gave her ?50 tip.

"The boss is having a meeting here on Thursday," Doric announced, "He may bring
Phyllis so be on your best behaviour. Act respectful. I given him good reports
on you so far. Don't let me down."

"I'm not sure I can after the way the bastard treated me."

"You can and you will!" Doric's voice was low with menace. "Otherwise you will
go to bed a lot sorer than you got up. Or worse."

"What'ya mean, worse?"

"Look Kath, Reggie has to contacts to send you away. You could end up in a
Middle Eastern brothel or a specimen in a medical lab. I don't know." Doric was
thoughtful for a few moments, "What I do know is that in these last few weeks, I
have come to enjoy having you here, not just to fuck with at night but I enjoy
your company. I will do what I can not to lose you but there are limits to my
power. If you misbehave, think yourself very lucky if you only end up with a
sore arse."

*****

Kathy piloted the launch to the marina where Reggie and Fiona awaited them.
"Phyllis had a hair appointment so my niece persuaded me to allow her to come
instead," Reggie introduced her to Doric. "Thought a day in the sea air might do
her good. It looks to have put some colour into Kathy's cheeks and I hope you
have been putting colour into her bottom cheeks too."

"As and when necessary, Boss."

"I see you have been learning her some nautical skills. She brought the launch
in very nicely."

Reggie didn't speak directly to the girl but Fiona piped up with a lame, "Good
morning Kathy."

"Morning Miss."

Kathy again took control of the launch and returned to the 'Golden Dragon'.
After helping Fiona aboard she lithely leapt over the rail herself. Before going
below, Doric whispered, "Treat them like you did the four we took out the other
Sunday."

"Can I get you something to drink Sir? Miss? Tea? Coffee? Something stronger?"

"Coffee."

"Tea please Kathy." At least she was trying to acknowledge I am human, thought
Kathy.

An hour later Doric's phone rang. The guests had arrived. Doric was having a
quiet but serious conversation with Reggie. "Shall I get them Sir?" Kathy asked.
Reggie seemed doubtful but Doric nodded.

There were only two well dressed men on the pontoons as Kathy pulled alongside.
"All aboard for the "Golden Dragon," she grinned.

"And who might you be?"

"Kathy Sir. General dog's body, whore and slave. I am made to charge ?50 for a
straight fuck. Blow jobs and other things extra." To herself she said, "Perhaps
I can knock off a bit more of my debt with them. They seem well heeled."

On the trip back they asked her about the services she offered and how she came
to work for Reggie. "Oh, I just robbed a few of his shops and he caught me. Now
I've a large bill to pay off or I go to prison. I was already on probation."

"Maybe we could offer you a similar but more lucrative position. We'll try and
talk about it later."

On board Kathy offered them drinks but they requested coffee. "We need clear
heads for these negotiations," the taller of the two men answered. Kathy made
them a full pot and when it was served they asked to be left alone with Reggie
until negotiations were done. "On no account do we wish to be disturbed." Again
it was the taller one giving the orders. Doric suggested Fiona might like a trip
along the river as the weather was still warm.

"When we see you on deck, we'll return," Doric suggested.

Kathy took the wheel and headed downstream. A couple of times, Doric had to give
her instructions but otherwise she went where she felt like going. With all the
small dinghies sailing around them, they couldn't travel fast and the engine was
quiet enough to hold a conversation without shouting.

Fiona came and sat alongside asked how she was doing.

"Fine, I actually like it living on a boat away from the town."

"Is Doric treating you okay."

"Like you really care!" Kathy spat the words but then recovered, "Yes, he's a
big cuddly bear. It would be great to be here if I didn't have to do what I have
to do."

"What do you mean?"

"I have to fuck the sailors from the timber boats to earn enough to pay off the
stuff I took from his shops. Didn't he tell you that."

"Yes, but it didn't really register. Will it take long?"

"Well a timber boat only comes in once a fortnight and stays a week so I get to
earn some that week but the next one is a lean, only the dock workers and most
of them have wives and lovers. It will be a while before I am free again." They
sat in silence for a while, Kathy watching where she was going, Fiona the
colourful spectacle of the boats. Kathy broke the silence. "How are you getting
along with Reggie and Phyllis?"

"Great."

There was something about the way Fiona said the one word that caused Kathy to
give her a sideways look. "He fucked you yet?" Fiona blushed and Kathy knew she
had scored a hit. "You been to any of his parties?"

Fiona shook her head, "No, but there is one tomorrow they might let me attend."

"Sounds as if you like sex more than you did when we were at school." Fiona
blushed again but didn't answer.

An hour later they saw the two men emerge on deck. No sign of Reggie but that
was nothing to worry about. Kathy maneuvered the launch alongside and waited
till the others were aboard and Doric had made the painter fast before jumping
on deck. The others were heading below. Fiona screamed. Reggie was bound and
gagged on the side bench.

"Don't move any of you!" Both of the 'guests' held hand guns. "Doric lie face
down on the other side." Doric hesitated. Small guy put his gun to Fiona's
forehead. "Do it!" Tall guy bound and gagged him. "Your turn Fiona."

"No, please, why?" A slap silenced her. Her wrists and ankles were quickly bound
and a gag tied over her mouth.

"It's a pity you couldn't see reason, Reggie. Now you will all have to suffer.
We'll come back later and see if you have changed your mind. If not maybe we'll
feed you all to the fishes."

Kathy still stood at the top of the companionway. Small guy turned to her. You
will take us back to the marina. Your slavery with Reggie is ended. You can now
work for us."

Street-wise Kathy, knew she had at least to play along with this. She pulled the
launch alongside, got in and started the engine. As she did so she noticed tall
guy had his brief case open and was putting something in the cockpit locker.
Knowing she wasn't supposed to see, she concentrated on the engine so when she
next looked up, the men were ready to leave.

"What about my stuff?" she asked.

"Plenty more where that came from. Let's go."

"No need to tie it, we won't need it again. Give it a shove," Tall Guy
instructed her when they reached the pontoons. Quietly she watched as the launch
drifted upstream.

They walked to the car park. "Ours is that one." Small Guy pointed to an open
topped sports car. We've got some other business on the timber boat." They took
her to an office where she was told to wait. An hour later they came back.
"Sorry, we will be a while yet. We have to go on board and speak with the
captain."

"I need to pee," Kathy said. They nodded in the general direction of the loos.
The Ladies was locked so she slipped in to the Gents. Hearing footsteps and
voices, she lifted her feet off the floor in case anyone looked under the door.

"Can we trust that Kathy?" It was Small Guy's voice.

"I think so but we will have to keep an eye on her. If she decides to run, then
she will almost certainly head for the city. She'll want to keep away from
Reggie after what I hear he did to her."

"She's a tough little cookie and dammed attractive too so she should do well in
Stockholm. I'm sure Captain Johansen will make her more than welcome on his trip
back." Small Guy laughed at himself.

"Yeah and by then the bomb will have gone off and she will be the chief
suspect."

Kathy heard them rinsing their hands. "By 3 a.m. the boat will be at the bottom
of the river and we will be far away."

After they left, Kathy finished her business. She knew now, she was jumping out
of the proverbial pan into the fire. How could she escape? She knew Bjorn
Johansen and didn't like him. He had visited her on the 'Golden Dragon' and she
felt he could be very cruel. Then there was Doric. She couldn't leave him to
die, her conscience even wanted to save the other two. But how?

First she returned to the office where the others were waiting and took her to
the timber ship. Captain Johansen met them at the gangplank and escorted them to
his cabin. "Ove!" he yelled, and when a seaman appeared he spoke quickly in
Swedish.

"Kom." Ove signalled Kathy to follow him.

"We'll finish our business here and collect you then. Might be a little while so
make yourself comfortable," Tall Guy explained.

Knowing what she did and not having understood what the captain had told Ove,
Kathy decided to play with the seaman. He led her aft. Apart from the ever
present hum of engines, the ship was relatively quiet. Unloading had been
completed that afternoon and everything was battened down ready to go. They
were, Kathy guessed, waiting for the tide to give them a little more clearance
over the bar and the entrance to the river. That would be after midnight. If she
could escape Ove, they might not miss her until well after that. The channel was
narrow, and all eyes would be concentrating on navigating the large vessel down
the water way.

Kathy stopped and leaned over the rail looking at the lights beginning to appear
in the darkening sky. "Nice and peaceful," she murmured to the seaman alongside
her, hoping he would understand. He seemed to. Sliding her hand down his
trousers she felt the bulge of his cock and massaged his through the material.
Ove had of course, heard exaggerated stories of the 'Golden Dragon' whore from
his ship mates but had only half believed them. Now he knew they were true.

"You have a cabin?" Kathy asked.

"Ya!" Ove didn't see any harm in taking this sexy bitch to his cabin before he
locked her in an empty container.

Once inside he quickly divested himself of his clothes. Kathy noted the seaman's
knife in a sheath at the back of his belt. Her eyes also took in various other
objects that might come in useful particularly the hardwood fid, a kind of
wooden spike about eighteen inches long and two or more inches in diameter at
the fat end tapering to a point. Although she didn't know its real purpose was
for splicing ropes she could see it would make a useful truncheon. Kathy lay
herself on the bunk so it was within reach and opened her legs. Ove quickly
entered and she encouraged him to perform fast and furiously. Before he came he
was panting from the exertion and not paying much attention to the girl writhing
beneath him.

"Zonk!" Stars flew and then blackness. Quickly Kathy bound and gagged her victim
with his clothes and spares rope ends she found in the cabin. Dressing herself
she put the knife and belt around her, donned the seaman's hat and left the
cabin locking the door and taking the key with her. Luckily for her, most of the
crew were in the mess having a beer and as they would be leaving soon there was
not much to do for the next couple of hours. She made her way to the ships rail
and looked down. Too far to jump and the noise would create attention. The
gangway was watched so no escape that way. Hearing two seaman approach Kathy hid
under a lifeboat until they passed. Her body pressed again a metal drum. A hose
reel. She could just make it out in the darkness. "They must use it to wash the
decks," she thought, "I wonder if it is long enough...?" By feeling the size of
the reel she thought it might at least reach well towards the water. Cutting the
twine binding the hose end, she was pleased the reel had been kept well oiled.
Lowering the end over the side until all of it was out, she took a last look
around. The two seaman were coming again. Pressing herself into a tight ball
against the reel she waited, heart pounding, until they had passed. Obvious a
nightly exercise for them.

Quickly Kathy climbed over the side gripped the hose. Would it hold her or would
the end just pull off the fitting? Kathy just had to take that risk. Fortunately
it held but as the hose lay directly against the ship's side she would not he
able to just slide down. "Thank God for the rehab course they sent me on in
Wales," she muttered to herself. They had learned to abseil on a rock face but
then there were instructors telling them exactly what to do and safety ropes and
harness. She had none of these things and only a memory of the correct way to do
it. Luckily it all came back as she held herself away from the ship and was able
to walk herself down its side until she felt water at her feet. Quietly she
slipped in and began to breast stroke her way along the boat side. It wasn't far
and the tide helped, although that wasn't running hard.

Her earlier view of the river as she had stood at the rail with Ove, had not
just been to admire the peace and serenity but she looked for the launch. It had
been where she anticipated. In a small bay where all the flotsam accumulated.
She could either swim slowly in her clothes or go ashore and swim out to it from
a closer point. The latter had a greater risk of being spotted. She swam but was
nearly exhausted by the time she reached it. Only barely was she able to haul
herself over the side and she then lay for some minutes on the floor boards to
recover.

Another motor started not too far away. "Now's the time to start my engine, the
other one will drown the noise." So it proved. Kathy very slowly eased the
launch well into the main part of the river and away from the timber ship before
cruising down to the 'Golden Dragon'. If the men were right about a three
o'clock time for the bomb to go off, she had a couple of hours to go. As she
came alongside another thought entered her head. "Supposing I....?"

Opening the cockpit locker she saw a vague outline of the bomb. "I daren't touch
it. I need a torch to see." There's one in the galley. Opening the hatch she
went down. Not wanting to put on any lights in case they were watching from the
ship, she felt and found the torch and looked around the saloon. The three were
still as they had been bound. She decided to leave them for the moment. They had
left her tied long enough. Except Doric though. Still, it might be worth making
him wait. Kissing his forehead she whispered, I'll be back. Have some unfinished
business."

In the torchlight, the object in the locker resembled pictures she had seen of a
land mine. On top was a dial. As Small Guy had indicated it was set for 3 a.m.
It looked so innocuous but would deal death in a short while especially sitting
there on top of a fuel tank.

With extreme care she slipped it inside a black plastic bag and placed it in the
launch. A shiver made her realise she was soaking wet so she stripped off as the
launch moved along. In the after locker were a pair of her dark blue working
overalls. They would cover most of her white flesh and make her less visible
later. Better take Ove's belt, just in case," she thought as she buckled it on.

Mooring the launch in the darkest area of the marina, she made her way back to
the car park. No one was around. The car was still there. Stealthily she placed
the mine under the driver's seat. The black bag was invisible in the darkness.

Voices! The two were coming back. Crawling on her stomach to the next car, she
hid beneath it. Both men were laughing at the way they had fooled Kathy. "Little
do they know," she said to herself as the car started and sped away down the
rural roads that connected the marina with the motorway. It was 2.20 am.

Hearing the car noise die in the distance Kathy stood and looked around. She
could hear activity on the wharf. Quietly and keeping to the shadows, she made
her way to the seawall and peered over. The timber ship was leaving. Slowly it
made its way down river. Had they found Ove yet? she wondered. Nothing indicated
they had. It all seemed normal and peaceful.

"Oooh look what we have 'ere." The voice caused Kathy to turn. Two men were
lurching towards the marina, obviously drunk. "Think she fancies a fuck Fred?"

"You are in no state to fuck anyone, John."

"Yes, I can. I'm going to get 'er."

"You come near me and I'll cut your balls off." Kathy stood in front of them,
knife in hand.

"Leave 'er John." But John broke free from his companion, pulled out his cock
and made a dash for his intended victim. Kathy's mind was clear. She had been in
fights before. Tripping John she quickly had him on his back and the knife under
his soft cock.

"Don't do it Miss. He's too drunk to know what 'es doin'."

John moved and the knife drew blood. It was not intentional but Ove's knife
really was sharp. Kathy shone the torch on it. Only a small cut but lots of
blood. "You'll live," Kathy hissed, "But remember it when you next want to rape
a girl." The sight of the blood sobered John somewhat.

Kathy stood still with the knife at the ready, "Take him home Fred. It's only a
small nick."

"I'm sorry Miss, we didn't expect to see a girl at this time of night. His wife
will give him hell, and me too for not looking after 'im, when she finds out and
I don't think we can hide it." Fred produced a handkerchief and tied it around
his friend's cock to staunch the bleeding and then led him away. Kathy never
found out where or heard what story they concocted for the wife.

Wearily now, Kathy returned to the 'Golden Dragon'. Ove's knife again came in
useful to cut Doric's bonds.

"No questions," Kathy snapped as she cut Reggie free and looking at the clock
she added, "You all should have been dead twenty-five minutes ago." The blood
stained knife in her hand, killed any further questions he had."

"We're having our cabin," she announced as she led Doric away, "You two can
sleep where you like."




Chapter 8. Free

"A bomb wrecked a car on the road between Canewdon and Raleigh in the early
hours of this morning. The remains of the occupants, believed to be two known
drug dealers were found dead at the scene. It is suspected the bomb was intended
for others and went off accidentally........" Kathy had kept quiet about the
events of the previous evening. Now as the newsreader read the 9 o'clock news,
she started shaking with the after shock of what she had done. Doric held her.

"That was intended for you. It was put in the locker. I should be in a crate on
the way to Stockholm." Sobs wracked Kathy for a while as she recalled the events
of only hours earlier. Gradually they got the story from her.

Reggie, now as generous with his apologies as he was with his punishments spoke
with some feeling, "Kathy, your debt is paid in full. In fact I owe you much
more that you ever owed me."

The police of course visited them but Reggie worked out a story that was very
nearly the truth.

"Tell them exactly what happened. The two men took you with them, gave you to
captain Johansen and Ove took you to his cabin. How you escaped. Tell it exactly
as it happened then you won't get it wrong. Just stretch the time scale a little
because you didn't come back to the boat. You went to the marina to check if the
men had gone. You were worried in case the men would go to the boat and do what
they said, 'feed us to the fishes.' You saw them leave in the car. Then there
were the two drunks who saw you. Again you can say what happened because they
saw you and would undoubtedly have given some story to the wife. Then you came
back here and released us."

The police believed them although there were details than might not have seemed
quite right had it been a murder investigation. But with two main drug dealers
who they had been trying to nail for some years, dead, they weren't overly
concerned.

*****

A fortnight later they were all once again on the 'Golden Dragon' this time with
Phyllis included. Kathy had spent most of the time at home. At first she wanted
to get away from the boat and all it stood for but found her life as a 'free'
woman at home with a drunken mother boring and unfulfilled. Reggie had given her
enough money so she had no need to steal. Her erstwhile friends now seemed
childish and she knew she missed Doric. She phoned him and found he missed her
too and when she heard Reggie was taking a trip with the boat for a weekend she
asked if he needed a crew. Thus they all sat in the cabin.

"You never told us what you did to make those men tie them up, Reggie." It was
Kathy that spoke.

"Well I suppose I can tell you now. I import timber and with it come cases of
spirits and cigarettes. It helped to boost the profits in the shops. Those two
men as you know from the reports were big drug dealers and they wanted me to add
drugs and immigrants to my imports. I do have some principles and refused.
That's when they got nasty and tied us up but I didn't think they were going to
kill us. I thought we were just being left until they came back or someone else
came. Phyllis I knew would phone when I didn't get back."

"I did but the phone was turned off!"

"I know Phyl. I didn't want to be interrupted at the meeting and never had a
chance to turn it back on. Well I've stopped the smuggling now and changed
shipping lines so I don't have to deal with Johansen again."

For the first time that morning Fiona spoke up. "You realise, all of you, if
Kathy hadn't tried to take my dinner money we wouldn't have met. I would
probably be sitting at home, shy and reading pulp fiction. You three might be
dead and Kathy you might still be robbing shops or in prison. Since then so much
has happened to us in the last few weeks. Now I have a boyfriend, so does Kathy.
All because of ?5 dinner money!"

Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





