BDSM Library - Parker 12 Wedding Present




Parker 12 Wedding Present
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The three girls lost in the country side on their spring break vacation. And they had no idea what's waiting for them ahead.

                                  PARKER12.TXT

                                WEDDING PRESENT
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

          WARNING: This story contains rather a lot of non-consensual
          sexual activity (ie. rape). If this sort of fantasy offends
          you, please stop reading now. Consider yourself warned.

         Copyright 1994 by Parker (me). Feel free to distribute far and
              wide (unchanged, of course), but please be discrete.
       =================================================================

     "What is this place?"

     "I dunno. It doesn't appear on the map."

     "Like... as if it would."

     The night-shuttered town passed quickly by, no more than a ramshackle
outline of dark, beaten down wooden houses clustered around the dim
intersection. There were no light, no sign of life as the car carrying the
three girls passed through and then exited the small community. No sign of life
until...

     "Look." A hand pointed from the passenger seat at a flickering light just
ahead at the side of the road. "It looks like..."

     "I see it."

     "Let's stop there and ask directions."

     "Like... duh."

     The large, powder blue convertible pulled into the parking lot and glided
into an empty space. Sharla Thomkins, the driver, switched off the motor and
shot a frown back over her tanned shoulder. "Let me see the map," she said
petulantly. "God knows where you've gotten us."

     The girl in the back seat, Beth Stanton, sighed and handed forward the
half-folded map. It hadn't been her fault they'd got lost. Sharla always had to
have things her own way. Beth had tried to tell her to take the last turnoff to
the highway, but Sharla had refused. Even when Tracy, sitting the front
passenger seat, had agreed about the route, Sharla had insisted on ignoring the
directions.

     She'd known better. 

     As always.

     Her car; her map; her vacation.

     Twisting her head, Beth looked about at their immediate surroundings while
the two girls in the front seat examined the map. They were in the parking lot
of what appeared to be some sort of tavern. Cracking and buzzing, the faded
neon sign blinked out the name of the establishment like a single, blinking
eye: the "Longhorn". The tavern itself appeared to be a single story wooden
structure. The blackened windows gave no clue as to what was happening inside,
but the sodden growl of rock music seeped through the closed doors and out into
the mostly empty night- black parking lot.

     Despite the warmth of the air - it *was* spring break in southern
California - Beth shivered. The tavern was located on the outskirts of the
small town, the name of which the two girls in the front seat were attempting
to discover, but from the parking lot the building appeared to be standing by
itself in the desert. Just the black outline the building, serving as a
backdrop for the blinking, cyclopean neon eye of the sign. That, about a dozen
motorcycles and a couple of rusted, beat-up pickup trucks lying fallow in the
parking lot, and they might as well have been alone in the world.

     Beth shivered again as the strains of the Rolling Stones song "Under My
Thumb" started up from inside the tavern. Some vacation this was turning out to
be. They'd planned to spend the week on a beach in Mexico, but instead...

     "It's not here." Beth was drawn from her thoughts by the sound of Sharla's
voice from the front seat confirming what she already knew.

     They were lost.

     Tracy turned her head and brushed away her shoulder length auburn hair.
"That place looks open," she said. "Let's ask for directions."

     Sharla shook her head and sighed. "I guess we'd better," she agreed
reluctantly. "I could use a drink." The tall blond girl opened the door and
slid off the seat, glancing over at Beth as she got out of the car. "Last time
I ask you to navigate," she muttered.

     Beth ignored the comment. 

     It was just Sharla being Sharla.

                                     *****

     "Check it out."

     Riko looked up from where he had been peering suspiciously at the pool
table. The door to the tavern swung shut just as he turned and focused on the
three newcomers. "Fuck," he muttered, picking up his beer from the edge of the
table. "Rich bitches."

     His companion, Tony, grunted in agreement, sneering behind his sparse,
not-quite beard. "Bitches must have taken a wrong turn. Sure as shit wouldn't
come here on purpose."

     The three girls did look out of place. The first one was a tall, slender
blonde. Her short hair was stylishly cut, nicely framing her elfin face and
large blue eyes. The cut and colour of her blouse was perfectly set off by a
flawless tan only money could buy.

     Even in California.

     The second girl was shorter and heavier, but not unattractive. She had
reddish-brown, shoulder length hair and a open, friendly face. The third girl
was the least attractive of the group, with stringy red hair and a face marred
by what appeared to be either a large cluster of freckles or some kind of
birthmark.

     Decent body, though.

     All three girls looked about at the interior of the tavern with barely
concealed disgust. It wasn't a particularly nice place, and certainly not the
kind of establishment frequented by girls like these. Usually it was packed
with loud, sweaty men from the nearby farms and ranches. On that particular
night, however,  it was populated almost entirely by The Red Devils, a bike
gang. With the exception of a few old-timers too sodden with liquor to tell the
difference (or care), the regulars had wisely steered well clear. The gang's
reputation - at least partly accurate - had preceded them.

                                     *****

     Sharla Thomkins, 20 years old and the only daughter of rich and indulgent
parents, was not used to waiting. And, as a result, she was not very good at
it.

     "Hey," she yelled over the strains of the music, "Can we get a drink over
here?"

     "Sharla!" Beth tried to quiet her friend. The three girls had sat at a
table at the back of the tavern. Both Tracy and Beth had very quickly expressed
second thoughts about the wisdom of staying, but Sharla had insisted. She
wanted a drink. Besides, they still needed directions. As usual, the other two
girls had given in to their friend's wishes, but still... There was no need to
attract any more attention than necessary.

     But try telling that to Sharla.

     The blonde slumped back in her chair when it became apparent that the
bartender either hadn't heard her demand or had chosen to ignore it. "What is
this place?" the blonde complained. "Can't we even get a drink?"

     "Sharla," Tracy cautioned. "Maybe we should just leave."

     "Yeah," Beth agreed, running a worried hand through her curly, red hair.
"We can get directions somewhere else."

     "Nonsense." Sharla got to her feet. "Don't be such babies. Nothing's going
to happen. I'll just go order something to drink and ask for directions."

     The blonde turned and walked towards the bar while her two friends looked
on apprehensively. This was going to be embarrassing...

     Richard "Bear" Ash sat at the bar, morosely nursing his fourth beer of the
night. Good night to get drunk, he reflected, downing the remaining alcohol in
one last gulp and gesturing to the bartender for another. As the leader of the
Red Devils, Bear was not usually given to moodiness and depression, but tonight
was different. He was not a young man any more, and... well, the root of his
problems was Patty. Things weren't going...

     "Shit," he muttered, taking a long pull of his beer. 

     Just then, a tall blonde came up beside him. "Hey you," she called at the
bartender, who was busily drawing a huge mug of beer. "How does a girl get a
drink around here?" The bartender just grunted at her and went on with his
task; from the number of mugs lined up in front of him, it was going to be
taking a while. The blonde sighed and sat herself down on a bar stool.

     Bear couldn't resist looking at her out of the corner of his eye. Not bad,
he conceded. Decent face; nice lips - he momentarily imagined them wrapped
around his cock, an image arousing an immediate stirring in his groin; tits a
bit small, though. Bear liked his women with a bit of meat on their bones;
something to hold onto, to keep a man warm at night.

     Like Patty.

     Still, not bad...

     Sharla, often the subject of masculine attention, knew when she was being
looked over. She glanced over at him. The guy wasn't bad looking, for a biker
type. He was quite tall and heavy, more muscle than fat, with a thick black
beard. Not her type, but not bad looking at all. She looked over at the
bartender, who was not even halfway finished pouring his way through the queue
of waiting mugs.

     Should she? 

     Well... why the hell not? Give the clod here a thrill and keep herself
amused while she waited for a drink and some directions.

     Smiling slightly, Sharla leaned back in the stool and stretched her tanned
arms. This pushed her chest forward against her blouse, making the most of her
smallish breasts.

     She glanced over; he was looking alright.

     Pretending embarrassment, she leaned forward and smiled shyly at the man
sitting beside her. "Uh... hello," she said.

     "Hi there." The man had a deep, growly voice, surprisingly quiet.

     "I'm Sharla."

     "Bear," he grunted, taking a pull on his beer.

     "Your name is Bear?"

     The man grunted again and shrugged his shoulders.

     This wasn't getting her anywhere. Sharla decided to pull out all the
stops. "It's hot in here, isn't it?" she asked, undoing the top button on her
blouse. Sure enough, the man's eyes dropped, following the open V of her top.
Sharla leaned forward slightly, bringing her face close to his, laughing inside
as his eyes followed her chest. "Maybe you can help us," she said, voice soft
and seductive. "We need directions."

     The man's gaze slowly rose until he looked her in the eye. He licked his
lips. "Directions?" he asked.

     Sharla nodded, fingering the next button on her blouse. "You look like a
man who... knows his way around..."

     The man nodded, swallowing dryly, and Sharla had to restrain herself from
bursting out in laughter. He looked tough, but he was as easy to tease as those
geeks back at college. Men! They were all the same...

                                     *****

     No one had ever accused Patty Baker of being shy. Loud... brash...
obnoxious (although never to her face) maybe. But not shy.

     And that was why, when she saw that stuck-up little blonde bitch coming on
to her man - HER MAN! - she didn't hesitate. Maybe things weren't going too
well between her and Bear, but this was too much. A couple of the more sensible
gang members got out of her way and there was a general murmur of anticipation
as Patty strode angrily across the room towards the bar. The blonde girl was
toying sexily with the top of her blouse, and smiling at the man beside her
when Patty grabbed her by one scrawny shoulder and pulled her off the stool.
Surprised, the girl staggered back into a table and tumbled to the floor.

     Patty turned angrily to Bear and...

     Sharla stared upwards from the floor in shocked disbelief. She just
couldn't believe it: someone had assaulted her and thrown her to the floor. The
blonde girl scrambled quickly to her feet and stared at her assailant. She saw
a woman, about mid-twenties maybe; quite heavy, with large breasts and wide
hips. The woman had a flushed, piggy face and thick red hair which fell loosely
to her shoulders.

     The bitch...   

     "Hey you bitch!" Sharla exploded, face red with anger. "What the fuck do
you think you're doing?"

     The redhead turned and looked at her in surprise. 

     "Huh?"

     "You fucking pig!" Sharla continued. "How dare you touch me."

     The man - Bear - started to chuckle. His quiet laughter only served to
make Sharla even madder. Blind with rage, she strode forward and brought her
hand around to slap the other girl across the face. The woman seemed stunned by
the blow, face reddening where Sharla's hand had made contact.

     The tavern fell silent as Patty reached up to touch her burning cheek. No
one had struck her in... well, ever since she had started hanging with Bear.
None of the men would dare touch her and the women... they knew better. Even
without Bear's protection, she could kick the shit out of any bitch (and half
the guys) in the gang. And now this snotty little rich cunt had struck her...

     Patty felt the familiar burn and bile of anger work its way up from her
stomach and through her body, threatening to overwhelm her and send her into a
fit of blind rage. She wanted - she needed - to kick the shit out of the little
blonde bitch right now... but there were certain rules, certain things that
couldn't be done without the permission of the leader. One of those was to
enter into a fight with a "civilian".

     Oh, but she wanted...    

     "Bear?" She glanced at the large man - still her lover. 

     Bear looked down at her and then over at the blonde girl. He smiled
slightly behind his beard. "Go to it," he said mildly. "She's all yours."

     That was all the permission Patty needed.

     "Oh my god!"

     Tracy and Beth looked on in horror as the heavy redhead jumped forward and
attacked their friend. Sharla was fighting back - spitting and kicking for all
she was worth - but the other girl seemed to be too much for her. The redhead
sunk her fist deep into the blonde girl's stomach, and, as the taller girl
folded, she brought her other hand around in a vicious slap/punch that sent
Sharla spinning to the floor.

     "Had enough, bitch?" the redhead asked.

     Shaking her head, more to clear it than in answer to her attacker's
question, Sharla slowly got to her feet. Grinning, the redhead moved forward.

     "We have to help her," Tracy said. She pushed back her seat to get up, but
immediately felt a heavy hand on her shoulder, pushing her back down. She
turned and looked up to see one of the bikers, a large black man, grinning down
at her.

     "Don't," he warned. "Let them settle it."

     Tracy shot a look at Beth, but there was another biker standing behind her
as well. Fearful, she relaxed back into her chair: there was nothing she could
do.

     Patty felt the familiar rush of almost sexual pleasure which came from
beating up on a weaker person. The blonde bitch had been tougher than she'd
looked, but was no match for the gang member. Grunting with effort, Patty threw
another roundhouse slap, rocking the blonde girl back against a table and then
down onto her knees. Tears streaming down her face, she struggled to get up,
but couldn't.

     She was finished.

     Triumphant, Patty reached down, grabbed the beaten girl by her short,
blonde hair and jerked her head up. "Learned your lesson bitch?" The blonde
girl, dazed, reached up and tried weakly to dislodge the other girl's hand from
her hair. Patty laughed. "Want more, huh?"

     Sharla groaned, half conscious as the other girl grabbed the collar of her
blouse and ripped it down the front. The buttons snapped off and flew in all
directions as the large redhead pulled the blouse apart all the way down to the
skirt. Sharla hadn't worn a bra - she had often bragged to the other girls at
BCN that her breasts were so firm they didn't need one - and her tits were
clearly visible to everyone in the bar. The guys all got instant hard-ons when
Patty, laughing, reached forward and grabbed one of the smaller girl's tits.

     "Not bad for a college bitch," she sneered, "but not nearly enough to
steal my man."

     If he still was her man. Suddenly angry, she tugged at Sharla's breast,
forcing the blonde to spin around on her knees and face Bear. "Well?" Patty
asked, squeezing viciously. "Waddaya think? Tiny tits, or what?"

     Bear laughed uncomfortably. "Well, a bit scrawny," he commented, "but Riko
over there might like 'em. He likes his bitches without much meat on 'm."

     Riko put the pool cue down and walked slowly forward. He was a tall, dark
skinned man with a greasy, pock-marked face. "Yeah," he agreed. "Give her to
me. I know how to fix snotty bitches like her."

     Laughing, Patty dragged the blonde to her feet and marched her over to
where Riko was standing. Sharla, finally coming out of her daze, began to
scream and thrash about as she was thrown into a table. The breath exploded out
of her as the edge of the table caught her in the lower stomach. Gasping, she
was pushed downward until she lay face down over a low table. Her breath
quickly returned, though, and she began screaming again.

     "Quiet, bitch," Patty growled, trying to cover the blonde's mouth. The
blonde ignored her, bucking and kicking in panic on the table. She was so
terrified that she lost control of her bladder and started pissing.

     "Fuck!" Riko took a step backwards from where he had been fondling her ass
through the skirt, trying to flick the urine from his hand.

     "Awww... little bitch piss her pants?" Patty jeered, rolling Sharla's
skirt up to her waist. Except for Tony, who stood guard over the other two
girls, the guys all crowded around the table to watch the piss streaming
through the blonde's panties and down her long, slender legs. After the stream
stopped, Patty reached forward and tore off the piss-soaked panties. Still
laughing, the redhead grabbed a handful of Sharla's hair, jerked her head back,
and jammed the soaking cloth into the girl's mouth. The blonde gurgled her
revulsion, trying desperately to push the foul tasting cloth from her mouth,
but Patty kept her hand firmly over her prisoner's lips.

     The crowd fell momentarily silent, watching the college girl helplessly
squirming on the table, moaning with fear and humiliation as she was forced to
suck on the piss from her panties.

     Then: "I'm gonna fuck her." 

     It was Riko.

     Sharla squealed around the piss gag and tried to buck off the table, but
the redhead and another of the biker girls pushed down on the small of her
back, keeping her firmly pinned down. Riko, pants down around his knees,
positioned himself between the blonde's naked legs and guided his long, hard
cock up against the exposed entrance of her pussy.

     "OK bitch," he growled, "Here we go." With a jerk of his hips, he rammed
his cock straight into her pussy.

     Sharla bucked forward on the table, screaming as best she could behind the
panty-gag. Up until that moment, she had never thought that it would really
happen; that they would really rape her. Scare her... even beat her up a bit.

     But not rape her.

     The taste of the piss in her mouth was so bad that she felt like she was
going to vomit, but when Riko began pumping his massive cock in and out of her
tight, dry pussy, she began chewing and sucking, anything to take her mind off
the pain and humiliation of being fucked in front of all these bikers, liked
some kind of sleazy whore. Sharla was not a virgin, but she had never felt
anything like this before. This brutal pounding in and out of her pussy... It
felt as though she was being torn to pieces.

     "C'mon Riko," Patty taunted. "Fuck her good."

     Riko grunted in agreement. The tall, greasy biker reached down, grabbed
Sharla's slender hips and hauled her back, fucking his cock forward as hard as
he could. Sharla screamed at this increase in pain, but Riko ignored her,
fucking for all he was worth.

     Patty leaned down and shoved her face in front of Sharla's wide,
pain-filled eyes. "Wattsa matter honey?" The redhead trailed a finger down her
captive's cheek. "I thought this was what you wanted."

     The redhead had pulled her hand away from Sharla's mouth, allowing the
blonde to spit the panties from her mouth. "Nooo....!" The girl bucked and
squirmed on the table, but she was securely pinned by the biker's cock. "No.
Please... s-stop this... don't... please..."

     Laughing, Patty ignored the girl's frenzied pleadings. She gestured to
another one of the guys, pointing at Sharla's face and open mouth. He didn't
have to be told twice. He stepped forward with a large grin on his face,
unzipped his pants and slipped his cock in between her red, wet lips.
"Uhmmm..." The blonde college girl moaned and twisted her head, but it was no
use; she was stuck. The biker just gripped her short blonde hair and started
fucking his cock in and out of her face, forcing her to deepthroat him.

     By this time, Riko was just about ready to come. Grunting, he brutally
slammed his cock in and out of Sharla's tortured pussy, jamming her face even
further onto the other guy's cock. Finally, he stiffened and came. Sharla
squealed with anger and humiliation as she felt his hot jism boil out into her
pussy. He held his cock inside her for a moment, and then relaxed. The blonde
girl sighed with relief when Riko pulled out, but her respite was short lived:
another cock quickly took its place, rudely sliding into her now
well-lubricated pussy, stuffing it full, and then fucking in and out.

     Patty couldn't help but feel aroused as she watched the blonde college
bitch whine and buck on the table in front of her. She'd never thought that she
would find another female attractive, but this girl... well, maybe it wasn't
the girl; maybe it was the rape. Maybe...

     Tommy started to grunt like he was about to come. With a quick glance at
Bear, who was watching intently, Patty reached down and slid his cock from
behind the captive's glistening lips. The girl coughed and hacked as the penis
was pulled away, trying desperately to spit the taste from her mouth.

     "What?" Tommy looked puzzled, but Patty just smiled and nodded at the
blonde. With a few practised strokes of her hand, the redhead expertly brought
the gang member to orgasm. As he came, she held the cock right in front of the
girl's face, sending long, sticky ropes of white sperm cascading over her face.
Sharla gasped and tried to turn her head, but it was too late. Her face and
hair were soaked in sperm.

     "Nooo...." Her cries were cut off as another biker came up and buried his
cock in her wailing mouth...

     Sharla grunted in pain as yet another biker thrust his cock inside her
sopping pussy. It was the third or fourth; she had already lost track. She
wanted to push away, to wriggle off the invading cock, but she couldn't get any
leverage with her arms pinned behind her back. Bent over the table, legs spread
and mouth gaping around a slick penis, she was a helpless target for whoever
wanted to fuck her exposed, dripping pussy.

     The guy behind her started fucking her so fast and hard her nose was
pushed straight into the pubic hair of the man whose cock she was inadvertently
deep throating. Gurgling and squirming, the sweat-soaked girl tried to relax
her straining pussy as much as she could, desperate to lessen the pain of the
brutal fucking. But it was useless. The cock was just too large and the fucking
too violent. Despite her best efforts, each thrust drove a wave of pain up from
her ravaged pussy and through her body.

     Suddenly, she felt a sharp, stinging pain on her ass. Someone had
delivered a burning slap. "C'mon you little whore," the man behind her growled.
"Shake your whore ass. Fuck me back you useless cunt." The man punctuated his
demands by landing another powerful slap on her thigh.

     Sharla squealed with pain, but did as she was ordered. The blonde coed
squirmed back until her feet reached for floor and used the leverage to push
her reddening ass back against the invading cock. Every plunge of the cock made
a wet, squishing sound in her pussy as the invader displaced the thick globs of
sperm left from the previous fuckings.

     Sharla felt her face reddening with humiliation at the sounds. Her
humiliation was compounded moments later when she heard a female voice - the
redhead - laughing: "Look at the little whore fuck Barry," the woman said.
"She's fucking like a pro!" Sharla felt tears dripping down her cheeks, running
tracks through the caked-on sperm.

     "Well," came another voice, male this time, "she's not much of a
cocksucker."

     "I'll see what I can do."

     Out of the corner of her eye, Sharla saw a face approach her own. "Listen
up, you scuzzy little slut." It was the redhead again. "You're not giving my
friend here much of a cocksucking. What's the matter? Don't they teach you how
to suck cock up at that fancy school of yours?" Sharla moaned and tried to
shake her head, but the other woman just ignored her. "Now I'm gonna release
one of your hands. You're gonna reach around, and use it on my friend's cock.
Just wrap your little slut fingers around the base and run it up and down..."

     Sharla felt one of her hands being released. She immediately brought it
down to the table and tried to push away, but the other woman reached down
under her chest and grabbed a nipple between her thumb and forefinger. The pain
as she squeezed and twisted was far worse than anything she had yet faced.
Squealing and bucking, the blonde girl grasped the base of the man's cock and
started running her long fingers up and down in time with her bobbing mouth.

     Following instructions. 

     "Good little cocksucker." The pressure on the nipple decreased, but the
redhead kept the hold. "Now," she continued, "Run your tongue along the
underside and suck gently..."

     The lesson continued for a good five minutes as the woman gave Sharla a
crash course in cocksucking. At the end of it, the man came, spurting hot jism
all down the inside of the coed's throat as she was forced to swallow as best
she could.

     The softening cock was pulled out, leaving a long trail of slime down the
blonde's chin. "Please," Sharla gasped, panting for air. "No more. No..."

     Her pleas were cut off as a third cock was slipped into her open mouth.
"Now show the nice man what you've learned. OK?" The redhead punctuated her
'request' with a sharp twist of her captive's nipple. Sharla groaned and
immediately went to work on the new cock, using all of her new-found skills to
give the man as much pleasure as possible. "That's it." The redhead gave her
student an approving pat on the head as she straightened up. Sharla chocked,
but kept at it.

     She knew the consequences of refusal...

     "Fuck, I want some of that."

     The biker who had been standing behind Beth moved away towards the table
where Sharla strained to please the men who were fucking her from both ends.
The girl started to stand up, but the guy behind Tracy just looked over at her
and leered. "Want to join in?" he asked.

     Swallowing, the red haired girl sat slowly down. The black man laughed,
reaching down to fondle Tracy's large breasts. Tracy moaned quietly and a tear
trickled down her face, but she didn't protest..

     Sharla felt the jism boil over into her ravaged pussy as the guy fucking
her from behind pulled out. Sharla squirmed at the sudden emptiness, disgusted
at the feeling of the thick, cooling fluid as it dribbled out of her sopping
pussy and down the inside of her thighs. She was careful, however, to keep her
tongue and lips moving over the thick cock in her mouth. Her tongue was coated
with sperm, pre-cum and drool, and it was all she could do to keep from
throwing up at the thought of that repulsive mixture sliding down her throat.
Still, she sucked as best she could; enthusiastically bobbing her cum-covered
face up and down on the cock, teasing the tip of it with her tongue and as she
polished it with her long, cool fingers.

     Doing as she had been taught.

     The blonde girl couldn't help but squeal in apprehension as she felt
another person move up behind her. Instinctively, she widened her stance,
spreading her pussy to lessen the pain of the intrusion.

     But it wasn't her pussy he was interested in.

     "Noooooo!!!" Her frantic, pain-filled scream gurgled out from around the
face-impaling cock as the man behind her slowly, but steadily forced his cock
up her anal passage. Her legs left the floor and kicked wildly in the air,
desperate to push her away from the pain and degradation of this latest attack.
Spitting cum and drool, she opened her mouth and tried to pull away, but the
man in front of her just grabbed her head and forced his cock even further down
her throat.

     After what seemed like an eternity, the cock was fully inserted, buried
deeply up her ass. Sharla stopped kicking and lay, limp and exhausted, on the
table, afraid to move. Then, she heard the inevitable voice: "What's the matter
tiny-tits? Never had a cock up the ass?" Sharla moaned her response, lips still
stretched around the cock. "Well," the voice continued, "it's time to learn. A
scuzzy slut like you, your cunt's pretty well fucked out. Gotta learn to
satisfy a man with your ass."

     "Mmmmm..."

     "That's right cunt face. You start fucking back right now. And don't
forget your cock-sucking lessons while you're at it."

     No. She wouldn't do it. 

     There was no way they could...

     "Ahhhh..." Without warning, the abused coed felt a vicious sting on her
back, followed by a deep, burning pain. Another... then another... and then a
third. She squirmed on the table, trying to avoid the pain, but it was
relentless. Blow after blow rained down on her unprotected flesh, sending
spasms of pain through her tortured body, building... burning...

     Until finally...

     With a groan of utter defeat, Sharla planted her feet and started bucking
her ass back up against the impaling cock. The switch fell one more time before
she remembered the cock in her mouth. Sobbing, she slid her lips up and began
slurping hungrily as she heard a female voice laughing above her.

     Bear watched, a small smile on his lips, as the skinny little college
bitch started to fuck back against the cock impaling her ass. Patty was sure
having a field day! The redhead's face was flushed and her eyes sparkled as she
stood beside the table, directing proceedings with the aid of the leather
riding crop she kept in her pack. He'd always meant to ask her about it, but
had never gotten around to doing so.

     Well, now he knew.

     As he watched, Bear couldn't help but think back on his relationship with
the redhead. He and Patty had been riding together for almost a year now.
Unlike most of the other gang chicks, Patty had her own bike, and participated
as a full member of the gang. Their relationship had been a stormy one, plenty
of fun all around, but Bear had a hard time staying with just one woman.
Lately, he had begun to feel a little bored; a little confined.

     A little distracted.

     And Bear, for the first time in his life, had begun to feel insecure.
About himself; about her; about everything. His usual practice had been to hook
himself up with one of the babes who followed the gang, having a good time, but
dumping them long before things got permanent.

     But Patty... she was different. 

     Like no chick he had ever seen before.

     And, deep down, he didn't want to lose her...

     Impaled by cock at both ends of her slender, sweat-soaked body, Sharla
squirmed in pain and humiliation. But as she did so, as she once again buried
her nose in sticky pubic hair in order to shove her ass back against the cock,
something strange happened. Her pussy spasmed, and, as it rubbed against the
edge of the table, she felt something so terrible, so unexpected, that it sent
a new wave of humiliation washing through her abused body.

     Pleasure.

     Her clit seemed to buzz, and an itching heat began to spread through her
body, up through her stomach and into her nipples as they were dragged back and
forth against the top of the table. Slowly, but steadily, the heat began to
build, until finally her moans became signs of pleasure rather than pain.

     If there was a difference.

     Finally, she came just as the cock in her mouth twitched and dumped its
load of hot jism into her already cum-filled mouth. "Ahhhh..." Her soft cry of
pleasure came out a confused gurgle as the cum in her mouth bubbled up and
erupted out from between her lips and dribbled down her chin. The abused blonde
began to cough and choke, sending a glob of sperm up into the roof of her mouth
and out through her nose.

     "Jeez, the fucking slut is getting off."

     "Of course she is," came the redhead's voice. "She's just a scuzzy little
cum-bag. Needs a good rape to get her off." Sharla felt a hand grab hold of her
short blonde hair and jerk her head up. "Isn't that right tiny-tits?" Sharla
coughed again, letting another glob of cum drool over her lower lip and onto
her face. The redhead laughed and released her grip, allowing her captive's
face to drop.

     Bear had seen enough.

     His cock felt like it was about to burst the seams of his battered jeans.
He preferred his women with a little more meat on them, but there was something
about the way the little college bitch was squirming about on the table that
sent the blood pulsing though his cock. And Patty... well, he wasn't sure what
she'd say if he wanted to fuck her prisoner.

     But it was worth giving it a try.

     The cock slid out of her abused asshole with an audible plop. Groggily,
Sharla fought back a whine at the sudden emptiness; she had come three times
while being fucked up her ass. She didn't know why - didn't even want to think
about it; but the feeling was undeniable.

     Still, enough was enough.

     The blonde coed groaned as strong hands gripped her shoulders and turned
her around so that she was laying face up on the table. She tried to push
herself up with her hands, but her ass slipped in the pool of sweat and cum
that had congealed between her legs, and the redhead pulled her back down with
a fistful of hair. Sharla groaned, but didn't try to get away. She just lay
there, panting and gasping, her long slender body soaked with sweat and half
dried cum.

     Waiting for whatever came next.

     She didn't have to wait long.

     "Hello Bear." It was the redhead, faced flushed and breathing heavily. She
was speaking to the bearded man who had been standing at the bar. The one
Sharla had been teasing. "Wanna play?" He was now standing beside the table, in
between Sharla's splayed open legs.

     "Well now," the man answered, his voice soft and oddly formal, "that
depends."

     "Depends?" 

     Sharla moaned softly as she felt the girl's grip tighten in her hair.

     "On your say-so," the man answered. "If you say no..."

     The redhead grinned widely, the tension of her grip loosening. "You won't
fuck the slut if I ask you not to?"

     The man chuckled. "Hell, Patty. A little scum bucket like this? Shit...
she's good for a fuck or two, a decent place to dump some sperm, but you... you
and me... well, that's different."

     The redhead sighed contentedly. "Do you wanna fuck the bitch?"

     The man nodded. "I surely do."

     "Well, what are you waiting for then?" The redhead laughed. "That's what
she's here for."

     A big grin creased the man's bearded face as he reached down and undid his
pants.

     "Oh... noooo..." Sharla twisted helplessly on the table. The passion from
the previous fuckings had deserted her, leaving her frightened and humiliated.
"No more..."

     The redhead reached down and slapped her across the face. "Shut up you
little cunt," she ordered. "This here's my man, and you're gonna fuck him
good."

     A fresh rain of tears ran down Sharla's face, but she didn't resist as the
man spread her legs apart, positioned himself, and ran his large, rigid cock
straight into her abused pussy. "Arrghhhh!!!" Sharla squealed and bucked in
agony at the pain of the renewed assault. Of all the cocks she had serviced
that night, his was by far the largest. It felt as though she were being split
in two.

     A sudden, surge of rage and hatred boiled through her tortured body. These
assholes... these fuckers... these perverts had raped her and... beaten her...
They had no right to do it... no right to... "Noooooo!!!" The scream of rage
ripped out of her as she bucked and thrashed on the table, suddenly desperate
to free herself of the cock being fucked in and out of her unwilling pussy.
"You fuckers! Let me go. You bastards! You..."

     Her cries were cut off as the redhead brought the leather crop down on her
exposed tits in a vicious slash. The sudden, overwhelming pain of the crop on
her breasts sucked her breath away, and she flopped soundlessly on the table
for a few instants as her body twitched and spasmed. The redhead brought the
crop around and slammed it down again... and then again... and then again...
Each blow landing directly on the coed's tits.

     "Eeeahhhhhh....."

     Finally, Sharla managed to gather enough air into her lungs to start
screaming. Her mouth opened wide and a loud, screeching sound filled the inside
of the tavern as the abused girl twisted and bucked on the table, her breasts
on fire from the whipping. The pain was more than she could bear; it was...

     "Ahhhgrph." The long, banshee wail was cut off as something dark and damp
clamped down over Sharla's open mouth. Stunned, the girl closed her mouth,
trying desperately to inhale. The smell immediately told her what had happened.
Someone - probably the redhead - had stuffed their pussy right over her mouth.

     The whipping had stopped, but the humiliation was worse. Almost worse.
Sharla closed her mouth as her assailant rubbed her damp pussy up and down her
lower face. There was no way she was going to open her mouth. No way. It was
just too much.

     The redhead, however, was determined. 

     "Suck my cunt, you little bitch," she growled, grinding her pussy into the
helpless girl's face. Sharla moaned her refusal. She tried to use her hands,
momentarily free, to push the larger girl off, but it was no use. She felt
unseen hands grab her wrists and pull them down. The first taste of pussy juice
dribbled past her tightly closed lips, making her stomach heave. "C'mon
tiny-tits," the other girl ordered, "start licking." Sharla felt a pair of
hands grab her exposed tits. "Or I'll rip your little titties off." That last
comments was punctuated by an abrupt twisting of her tits.

     The blonde moaned loudly, determined not to open her mouth, but couldn't
help but scream when she felt her nipples pinched and twisted. Immediately, her
assailant's pussy was ground downwards, pushing into her open mouth. Sharla
groaned with pain and humiliation, but there was nothing she could do. It was
just too much. Almost vomiting at the taste, she tentatively stuck her tongue
out and lapped upwards at the other girl's leaking pussy. The taste repulsed
her, and she almost pulled away, but a quick twist of her nippled convinced her
otherwise. Slowly, and then with increasing energy, she began to suck and lick
the other girl's pussy.

     "She's doing it," the redhead crowed. "The little cunt's sucking my
pussy."

     Sharla burned with shame, but continued sucking. As she slowly got used to
the awful taste in her mouth, she gradually became aware of the fact that she
was still being fucked. The bearded man had stood still for a couple of minutes
as the redhead had forced the captive to suck her pussy, but now he began
moving again. Back and forth, grinding his large cock in and out of her sopping
pussy.

     Against her will, the blonde coed felt the itching heat building up again
in her pussy and spread upwards through her body. Instinctively, she wrapped
her legs around behind the guy's ass and humped up against him. Just as she did
so, she felt her hands, first the right and then the left, being wrapped around
a pair of cocks. At first she tried to let go, but a couple of slaps later she
was running her long, delicate fingers up and down, jerking them off.

     Her moans grew as the heat in her pussy slowly spread throughout her
body...

     Patty and Bear looked at each other.

     Patty saw a man - HER man: tall, handsome with his thick, black beard.
Muscles swelling in his chest and neck with each pump of his long, hard cock
into the blonde bitch's pussy. He had grabbed the girl's upper thighs in his
two, strong hands and was jerking scrawny body up against his thick thighs with
each powerful thrust.

     Bear saw his woman - not beautiful, not even pretty, but full of life.
Eyes shining... a thin sheen of perspiration on her upper lip as she ground her
pussy down against the blonde's face. Her large breast straining against the
front of her tee shirt... She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.

     The couple leaned into each other...

     Sharla felt a pair of hands pressing down on her tits, not twisting, but
applying painful pressure, as the couple leaned in towards each other.
Kneading... squeezing... By now, her pussy was spasming with uncontrollable
lust, and she was sucking and licking for all she was worth, gulping down the
redhead's pussy juice and bucking her hips upwards to meet the man's powerful
thrusts. And all the time stroking a cock in each hand...

     Beth looked on in amazement, almost forgetting the rough pair of hands
kneading her exposed breasts, as her school friend thrashed about on the table,
simultaneously satisfying three cocks and one pussy. The moans emanating from
between the redhead's legs were definitely not moans of pleasure. How could
see... what kind of girl enjoyed being raped like that?

     Stunned, she looked over at Tracy, but the other girl was now on her knees
under the table, face partially hidden by her thick, auburn hair as she bobbed
her face up and down of a thick, black cock.

     Beth moaned in fear...

     Their lips met in a passionate kiss just as Sharla orgasmed, and that was
enough. More than enough. Clamping her strong thighs firmly together around the
girl's head, Patty let out a loud gasp and came hard, squeezing her legs and
grinding down on the captive's mouth. Bear stiffened and, groaning, pumped his
load deep into the girl's pussy. Then the cocks in her hands, first the one on
the right and then the one on her left, came, each one spurting its thick,
white cum all over her heaving chest.

     The room went quiet for a moment, the silence broken only by the quiet
slurping from beneath the table where Tracy was still working on Tony's cock.

     Bear spoke for all concerned: "Fuck. That was wild."

     Letting out a loud, braying laugh, Patty opened her legs and backed away,
leaving her victim, face shiny and red with tears and pussy juice, coughing and
sputtering. Bear pulled his cock out with a quiet, squelching sound. No longer
held down, the blonde slid off the table and landed on the floor with a loud
thud. She lay there for a moment, limp and trembling, until another of the
bikers, his cock hard again, dragged her to his chair and stuffed her
tear-stained face into his crotch. Obediently, she encircled the offered cock
with her lips and began bobbing her head up and down on it.

     Bear did up his pants as he slowly looked around at the wreckage of the
bar. During the gang rape, the members of the gang had gone wild, and had
pretty much trashed the place. "We'd better get the hell out of here," he
declared mildly. "Don't want the cops stumbling onto something like this." He
gestured towards where the gang member was forcing Sharla to suck his cock.

     His words were quiet, but they demanded immediate respect from the members
of his gang. The man who had been kneading Beth's breasts took his hands away.
He quickly tied her wrists to the chair with her ripped bra and rushed to
collect his stuff. Tracy, who had just taken a load of sperm in her mouth, was
similarly fastened as her assailant, the large black man, obeyed Bear's orders.
Even the guy who had stuffed Sharla's face into his crotch, nowhere near
coming, pushed her away and threw her to the floor, where she lay groaning.

     Patty looked over at Bear and then down at where the sweaty blonde lay
curled up on the floor. Despite the recent orgasm, the redhead felt a surge of
lust rush through her. She had never found other women attractive before,
but... but there was something about the blonde; something about dominating and
degrading the rich bitch...

     She had to ask.

     "Bear," she said quietly, "can I keep her?"

     The gang leader looked startled. "Keep her?"

     Patty nodded. 

     "Well... I mean... it's a lot of..." 

     While he stuttered, Patty reached down, grabbed hold of the blonde's hair
and jerked her pretty face up. Sharla groaned, but didn't resist. "Look at
her," Patty said. "I'll take care of her. She'll ride with me. You won't have
to do a thing."

     Bear still looked doubtful.

     "And she'll pay for her keep," Patty continued. "We can sell her ass from
here to the other side of the country if we want. She'll make a great whore."
Sharla started to whine in protest, but Patty shut her up with a sharp cuff to
the side of the head.

     "Well..."

     "Please Bear... I've always wanted a pet."

     Finally, Bear smiled, his mind made up. "You can keep her," he answered,
"but on one condition."

     Patty bristled. "What condition?" she asked angrily.

     Bear looked her straight in the eye. "Marry me."

     "What?"

     "Marry me," he repeated steadily. "The little bitch will be a... a wedding
present."

     "Bear..." Her captive forgotten, Patty rushed forward into the arms of her
lover and soon-to-be husband. Freed from the tight grip in her hair, the blonde
college girl scrambled away on all fours, breaking for the door. She was
quickly caught by one of the gang members, and held helpless while Bear and
Patty engaged in a long, passionate kiss. The entire gang erupted into a loud
cheer when the kiss finally broke up.

     Bear looked around, a little embarrassed. "OK," he said gruffly, "Show's
over. We've got some work to do. Patty, get the little cunt ready to travel."
Patty grabbed hold of Sharla's hair and led the crying girl into a backroom.
"Riko, I want you to call Carlos at the El-Maceia. Tell him we've got some
product for him." He nodded at the two girls who were tied up. "If he agrees,
take them to the campsite just north of town. He'll get them across the border
in the usual way." A cruel grin crossed Riko's face as he walked over to the
bar phone. "Tony, check their car." Another biker walked over to the front door
and exited the bar.

     Grinning to himself, Bear walked over to the bar where the bartender
stood, frightened and silent. The big biker threw a wad of bills down on the
counter. "We were here tonight, but the girl's weren't. Nothing strange
happened. Right?" The bartender nodded happily; he had been expecting a lot
worse.

     Within ten minutes, the bikers were ready to leave. Riko had reported that
Carlos was more than happy to make a pick-up of the two girls, and he and
another of the bikers had dragged the two frightened girls out of the bar. If
everything went according to schedule, the two college girls would be lap
dancing at the El- Maceia before the week was out. Tony had hot-wired their car
and taken it to a local chop shop where the registration numbers had already
been removed and the new paint job begun.

     Now all they were waiting for was...

     Patty marched out of the backroom, her charge in tow. She had dressed the
college girl - her new pet - in a pair of tight cut-offs, at least one size too
small, a greasy tee-shirt that had been in use as a rag for some time, and an
old pair of runners on her feet. Around the girl's neck was a black, leather
dog collar with shiny metal studs. Patty had attached a slender chain to a
D-ring on the side and used it to control the girl. Sharla's hands were free,
but they stayed at her side. Her face glowed red where it had been struck, and
she kept her eyes submissively downward as she tagged along behind her new
owner. Clearly, Patty had taught her some obedience in the back room.

     Bear caught Patty's eye and the couple smiled at each other. "OK," the
gang leader pronounced, "let's move out."

     Outside the tavern, Patty led broken and sobbing girl to her bike. The
redhead climbed on, and gestured for the other girl to get on behind her. The
college girl - ex-college girl - let out a small sob of despair, but did as she
was ordered, climbing on behind her owner and, as ordered, grabbed hold around
her waist.

     Moments later, the bartender, after happily counting his money, stepped
outside just as the dull roar of the bikes faded away into the cool,
star-sodden night. He shook his head and smiled. Well, better get to work.

     There was lots of cleaning to do.

     At least he was being well paid. 

     The tale of what had happened that night would never pass his lips.

                                    THE END
       =================================================================
As usual, I am interested in any comments you may have to make regarding this
story (or any of my other stories). Feel free to contact me at
an210088@anon.penet.fi or TerraNET an210088#anon.penet.fi @506




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





