BDSM Library - Sunday Bound




Sunday Bound
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The two girlfriends decided to enter phase two of their weekend outing. This time there were two more girls joined in.
This is the fourth and last of the Connie/Karen series.

Sunday Bound


     The room was still dark, but a sliver of sunshine came through
the shades and woke Karen from a sound sleep.  She yawned, stretched,
and was momentarily disoriented by unfamiliar surroundings, but then
she smiled, turned over,  and patted Mike on the butt. She closed her
eyes and replayed yesterday from memory. What a day it was, she
thought. "My life will never be the same."  Karen saw that it was 9
o'clock already, but she wasn't surprised that Mike was still
sleeping. They had been up late last night and she usually was the
first one to get up anyway. She slipped out of bed, deciding to let
Mike sleep. She wanted him well rested; anticipating another day of
fun. Karen showered, put on her green bikini, tip-toed to the kitchen,
and started the coffee.

          As the coffee pot began to put out a welcoming smell, Karen
straightened up a little, gathering all the bondage stuff that had
been left on the floor from last night. Just as Karen finished
cleaning up, Connie came out of her bedroom.

         "Good Morning Karen," Connie said, stretching her arms toward
the ceiling. "I feel great today. I'm ready for act 2."

         "You look ready," agreed Karen. "Either that or someone stole
most of your clothes last night."

     Connie laughed and hooked her thumbs in the waistband of the
powder blue panties, the only thing she was wearing. "Well, why
not....everybody here saw it all last night anyway."

     "You're right. Wasn't that great last night. I'm sure glad that
the guys reacted the way they did."

     "Why wouldn't they? What guy wouldn't appreciate 2 attractive AND
willing women who want to be tied up and used sexually?" 

     "And let's put an emphasis on willing. Hey, are you ready for a
cup of coffee?" asked Karen.

     "I'm ready," said Connie as she took the cup that Karen held out
for her. "What do you think will happen today?"

     "I don't know, but I'm sure it'll include bondage and sex."

     "I sure hope so," Connie stated as she ran her fingertips across
her left nipple, drinking her coffee at the same time.

     "You know," Karen started, "It wasn't just the four of us that
enjoyed yesterday's bondage fun....there was 2 others that I know
won't soon forget it."

     "Who?....Where were they? Are they still here? I didn't see
anyone else."

     "Slow down....remember yesterday when I had you spread-eagled out
on the dock?"


     "How could I forget!!"

     "Well...when I left you for awhile, it was because I thought I
saw a reflection coming from the Powells' cabin across the lake. I
used the telescope in the house to check it out and saw that we were
being spied on."

     "By who?"

     "The Powells told Mike and I  that they might occasionally let
their grand-daughter use the cabin and I did see 2 girls spying on us
using a telescope."

     "How old are they?"

     "I don't know...at least old enough to drive," answered
Karen."And they got real turned on watching too; I saw them touching
themselves as they watched."

     "Hey, I just got an idea. What do you think about taking the boat
over to their cabin and saying hello. We'll just be good
neighbors....it'll be fun to see how they react."

     "I don't know if that's a good idea or not," said Karen. "They
might think we're perverts or something."

     "That's a chance worth taking," said Connie. "You get the boat
ready while I put my bikini on and get a few things."

     Karen wasn't really sure that they should go, but she went down
to the dock and got the boat ready while Connie put her swim suit on.
The combination of fear and excitement made her nipples hard as she
wondered what the two girls' reactions would be.

     Connie and Karen piloted their small boat toward the far shore
and when they were a little over halfway they saw the cabin door open
and a blonde girl came out. The girl stretched, breathed in the clean
air, and then spotted their boat. They watched her quickly open the
door and
go back inside. In a couple of seconds the door opened again....she
grabbed the telescope that was on the porch and darted back inside
again.

     About fifteen minutes later the boat reached the dock in front of
the Powells' cabin and at that moment the door opened and two girls
came bouncing down to greet them, smiling and waving. Both girls were
barefoot and wearing blue running shorts. The blonde girl had on a
maroon sports bra and the brunette wore a yellow bikini top.

     "Good Morning," shouted the blond that they had seen earlier.

     "Good Morning to you," answered Connie. "Hope we're not
intruding...just thought it would be nice to say hello to our
neighbors. I'm Connie and this is Karen."

     "No, you're not intruding....in fact we were thinking about
coming over to see you later anyhow," said the blonde girl. "My name
is Sarah and this is Jaimie." Jaimie was a brunette, about 5'6", and
good looking. Sarah was also very good looking, a little shorter,
about 5'4".

     "One of you must be the Powells' grand-daughter," said Karen.

     "That's me," said Sarah, raising her hand, "Have you had your
coffee this morning?"

     "Only 1 cup so far, do you have any made?" asked Connie.

     "Just made some fresh....come on up and have a cup," Jaimie said
and she led the group up to their cabin.

     The four of them sat on the porch and drank their coffee, talking
about the weather, the lake, their lives back in the city. Sarah told
them that her grand-parents were up in Canada right now and that she
and Jaimie were vacationing before they headed back to UCLA for their
second year of college. Karen asked them how they liked going to
school in LA and they both admitted that it sometimes felt like they
were in the Twilight Zone. Both of them had grown up in a small town
in Wyoming, have been friends since the 5th grade, and suffered
culture shock their first year at college. After about 30 minutes
Karen and Connie stood up to leave.

     "It was nice to meet you," said Karen, "Good luck in school this
year."

     "Ditto for me too," added Connie as they walked back towards the
dock. "Remember to study a little in between having fun."

     As they neared the dock Jaimie nudged Sarah and asked her
"Well...are we going to ask them?"

     Connie and Karen stopped and Connie said "Ask us what?"

     "Well........we sort of," Sarah stammered and then finished in a
rush, "watched what you were doing on the dock yesterday afternoon."

     Connie put her hands on her hips. "You mean you spied on us."

     "Yeah, I guess we did," Jaimie said contritely. "At first we just
wanted to test the telescope, so we aimed it at your cabin, and then
when we saw what you were doing, we couldn't stop watching."

     "We're sorry we spied on you," agreed Sarah, "but since we did,
can you tell us about it?"

     Karen slapped at Connie's right hand, "Quit acting indignant."
Then she spoke to Sarah and Jaimie. "It's OK, we know that you were
watching. When I went inside and left Connie alone on the dock I
watched you through our telescope."

     Jaimie blushed and looked away. Sarah looked right at Connie and
said, "How about another cup of coffee?"

     Connie put her hand on Sarah's shoulder. "I've had my quota of
coffee, but I'll take a beer, if you have one."

     The four girls went back up to the cabin, Connie and Sarah drank
beers while Karen and Jaimie drank sodas. Connie explained to Sarah
and Jaimie that she and Karen were happily married and enjoyed a
normal sex life with their husbands and that playing bondage games was
just another facet of their sexuality. She told them that they had
only played twice before coming up to the cabin yesterday.

          Jaimie admitted that she and Sarah had been turned on and
that they had talked about it last night and decided that they wanted
to try it.

     "We were going to come over to visit you today," said Sarah, "and
see if you'd show us the ropes, no pun intended."

     "Sure...we'd love to have you join us," said Connie. "What did
you two have in mind? Do you want to tie each other or have us tie you
both or what?"

     "We both want to be tied up," Jaimie answered.

     "Just bondage or is sex OK too?" Karen asked. "Our husbands came
in late last night and they're going to want to play too."

     "That's OK with us," Sarah answered while Jaimie nodded, "We want
the whole experience." 

     "Great, let's get started," Connie announced. "Karen, bring the
briefcase from the boat and I'll get a couple of kitchen chairs. We'll
tie them up out here on the porch. You tie Jaimie and I'll tie Sarah;
then you can go back and get the guys and bring them over." Connie
pointed at their new friends and continued "While we're getting ready
I want you both to put on your sexiest bra and panties; that's what
you'll be wearing to begin with."

     In a few minutes Sarah and Jaimie were sitting on the chairs that
Connie had brought out to the porch, both of them wearing white bras
and beige panties. Connie had placed the chairs facing each other
about three feet apart.


     Karen held up a short length of rope. "OK Jaimie, put your hands
behind the chair." Jaimie hesitated, then crossed her wrists behind
her and felt the rope tighten on her flesh.

     Connie was binding Sarah in a similar fashion. "If this ceases to
be fun for either of you or for any reason you want us to stop; let me
tell you what to do. If you are able to speak, just say that the fat
lady has sung. If you are gagged, then you can hum the opening of the
National
Anthem. Either signal will cause the game to stop and you will be
immediately untied. Does that sound OK to both of you?"

     Sarah and Jaimie both agreed, so Karen and Connie continued to
bind them to the chairs. Rope held their stomachs firmly to the chair
backs and their legs were separated and tied to the back chair legs.

     "That should be good for their first time," commented Connie.
"Let's get some of their panties to gag them with." Connie and Karen
went inside and found several pairs of  panties and a couple of
scarves. "Before you go, let's play with em a little, just enough to
get their juices
going, OK?"

     "Sure; sounds like fun to me," answered Karen.

     They returned to the porch to find the two bound college girls
testing the ropes, but without much success.

     Connie lightly brushed her fingertips on Sarah's leg, starting on
the inside of her right knee and stopping just short of her pussy,
"Frustrating....but fun; isn't it? Now for your gag...open wide."
Connie put two pairs of Sarah's panties in her mouth and knotted a
scarf behind her
head to hold them in. Karen duplicated the same process on Jaimie.

     "Seems like Christmas in the summertime doesn't it," commented
Karen. "Two pretty presents gift wrapped, toys we can play with
without unwrapping." Karen reached down from behind and pulled
Jaimie's bra up, freeing her breasts. She massaged them and tweaked
the nipples
between her fingers. Jaimie closed her eyes and drank in all the new
sensations rushing through her body. When she opened her eyes she saw
Connie's hand inside the front of Sarah's panties. Sarah was breathing
deeply and squirming in the chair. Now she felt Karen's hand go under
the waistband of her panties......a gentle finger rubbing her
slit......darting inside her pussy......brushing against her
clit......and then nothing."

     "Well, I'd better go back for the guys," said Karen. "See you
later." She lightly kissed Jaimie's left nipple, rubbed her thigh, and
then left.

     "Mmmpppgghh....mmmpppfff" Jaimie moaned through her gag in
frustration.

     "OK Karen, hurry back," Connie said. "I'll take good care of our
new friends while you're gone"

     "I know you will," Karen shouted as the boat pulled away from the
dock.

     Connie stood between Sarah and Jaimie with a hand on each of
their thighs. "Don't worry girls, you won't be neglected while Karen's
gone."


     Karen gave the boat full power and noted that it was 10:50
already. Fifteen minutes later she was tethering the boat to the dock
in front of her own cabin and was surprised that neither Mike or Steve
were up yet to greet her. She walked into the cabin and all was quiet.
"HEY,
are you guys going to sleep all day or what?" she shouted. Karen
walked into the her bedroom and jumped up on the bed and straddled
Mike.

           "You sleepyheads are going to miss out on a lot of fun if
you don't get up."

     Mike grabbed Karen's wrists, flipped her off him, and rolled over
on top of her. "What are you talking about, we've got all day.....but
since you woke me up....we might as well get started." Mike turned
Karen over on her stomach and pulled her hands behind her.

     "What could be better," Karen gasped, "than Connie and I as your
naked bondage slaves?"

     "Nothing that I can think of," said Mike as he finished cinching
the ropes binding Karen's wrists, "except maybe a million dollars and
you two as our bondage slaves."

     "Would it be better with four bondage slaves?"

     Mike got off the bed and Karen turned on her side.

           "What do you mean by FOUR bondage slaves?" 

     Karen got off the bed and walked over to the window. "They say
that a picture is worth a thousand words.....why don't you open the
curtains and check out the Powell's cabin with the telescope."

     Mike pulled the curtains apart and looked through the telescope.
He saw a redhead sucking on a bound brunette's breasts.  "Damn, look
at that. Is that Connie over there?"

     "Yes."

     "Who are the girls?... they look hot."

     "Hotter than us?"

     "Of course not....but who are they?" Mike said as he watched
Connie play with the blonde girl's nipples.

     "The blonde girl is Sarah and the brunette is Jaimie. Sarah is
the grand-daughter of the Powells."

     Mike saw Connie licking the inside of Sarah's thighs as he asked,
"How come you didn't mention them last night?"

     "We didn't know who they were last night. In fact Connie didn't
know about them at all. Yesterday I saw them spying on us and this
morning I told Connie. She talked me into going over to meet them with
her and I'm glad we did. They're both about 19 and going into their
second year of college.  Seeing us play bondage games yesterday turned
them on and they asked us about it, so we're giving them a
demonstration."

     "Is this for ladies only or can Steve and I join?"

     "Sarah and Jaimie both said that it was alright for you guys to
join in. Why don't you wake Steve and let's get going. Can you untie
me until we get over there?"

     "No.....you will be transported as a true slave; bound securely
and gagged. Mike tied and cinched Karen's elbows and then gagged her
with a red ball gag. He took her by the upper arm and sat her on a
kitchen chair.

     Mike went back to the bedroom and quickly put on a pair of shorts
and white deck shoes. "Steve....wake up," he shouted, "You're not
going to believe what's happening."

     Steve came out rubbing his chin and yawning. "What's all the
fuss?" He glanced around and spotted Karen. "Oh I see......you and
Karen have started already."

     "No, that's not it. Well...it's part of it, but come on in here
and take a look at something truly astounding."

     Steve's lower jaw dropped when he looked through the telescope
and for a couple of minutes he just looked and didn't say anything.
Finally he looked over at Mike and said "What the hell is going on?
Your wife is tied up out there in the kitchen and my wife is across
the lake
playing with two bound and gagged girls that I've never met."

     "Let me summarize it for you. The two girls over there with
Connie are college girls who want to play in our game. Four bondage
slaves instead of two......if that's alright with you."


     "Jeez, let me grab a donut on the way out."

     "Throw on some clothes, I'll round up all the ropes and stuff and
we'll take off."

     Mike grabbed a gym bag and stuffed everything in it that looked
like it could be used for bondage. As he was looking through their
bedroom he found the dildo/anal plug belt that Karen had brought up to
use on Connie.

     Steve emerged from his bedroom in black shorts and tennis shoes
as Mike came out of his holding the belt apparatus. "What is that
thing?"

     Mike held it up so he could get a good look at it. "I don't know
what it's called, but I'm pretty sure what it's used for. Let's try it
out on Karen."

     Karen was attempting to open the front door with her bound hands
when Mike and Steve caught up with her.       

     "MMMpppfff....mmmpppff" she protested.

     "Don't act so indignant," Mike chided her. "This little beauty
was in your luggage...so you intended to use it this
weekend...probably on Connie." Mike handed the belt to Steve and
pulled Karen's green bikini bottoms over her shapely butt and let them
fall to the floor. He cupped  her ass with one hand and inserted 2
fingers into her pussy. "Get thelubricant from my nightstand...we
won't need it for the vibrator dildo...but we'll use it on the butt
plug." While Steve went for the lubricant Mike fastened the wide belt
around Karen's waist and cinched it up tight.

          Steve returned as Mike pulled the smaller strap down through
Karen's legs and slipped the dildo easily into her pussy.

         "Here's the KY"

         "Thanks," said Mike as he took the tube. He put the KY on the
butt plug and inserted it gently into Karen's anus. Mike pulled the
strap up and buckled it securely into the back of the waist belt.
"Now...just so you won't try to run away again," Mike said to Karen,
picking out a short length of rope, "I think we need to hobble you
just a little." 

         Mike looped the rope and tied it just above Karen's knees. As
he completed the knots
he grinned at her...then he patted her butt and said "How's that
feel?"

       Steve tapped Mike on the shoulder. "Come on, let's go. I'm
horny as hell....jeez Karen-you look beautiful tied up like that."

      "Feel free to join in Steve, she belongs to both of us today."

      "Let's get down to the boat and get started. Karen can be the
on-board entertainment," said Steve.

       "Great; let's go" Mike agreed.

       The three of them made their way to the boat, although Karen
found it slow going tied the way she was. Mike and Steve picked her up
and put her in the boat, just as if she were cargo. The vibrating
dildo inside Karen's pussy was turned on as the boat left the dock and
not long after that the guys took her bikini top off, and each helped
themself to a breast.

       Halfway across the lake Karen's body spasmed in her first
orgasm of the day as the vibrator hummed in her pussy with two mouths
eagerly sucking on her tits. When she recovered, the vibrator was
turned off. 

       Meanwhile Connie's attention had just brought Jaimie to a
climax as she bit lightly on her nipple while fingering her clit.
Sarah had orgasmed about 10 minutes earlier when Connie suddenly
twisted her right nipple while finger fucking her.


     As the boat docked in front of the Powells' cabin Connie came
down to greet them. "Hi guys, join the party. Karen, nice outfit," she
said as she saw the belt Karen had on, "where'd it come from?"

     "It was in Karen's suitcase," Mike answered. "I think she brought
it along to use on you."

     Connie pulled the on the belt between Karen's legs causing the
vibrator to come out a little and then she let go, allowing it to
easily slide back in. "Well, I hope somebody uses it on me. This
vibrates too; doesn't it? Oh my," Connie exclaimed as she examined the
belt running between and separating Karen's ass cheeks, "there's a
plug in her ass too......interesting."

     Karen was helped out of the boat and she slowly walked toward the
porch as the others followed. Sarah and Jaimie's eyes were wide open
as they saw how Karen was bound.

     "Stop right there Karen, " Mike ordered, "I'm going to untie you
so you can rest and stretch your joints. Steve; why don't you and
Connie untie our new friends. Maybe they're hungry....and I'm sure
they could use a rest."

     "Good idea Mike," Steve answered. We'll find out if Sarah and
Jaimie want to continue this afternoon."

     When they were untied Sarah and Jaimie did admit to being hungry
and offered to make sandwiches for everyone. Their offer was accepted
and in a short time all of them were sitting on the porch eating
lunch. Karen had put her bikini back on; Jaimie and Sarah also had put
bikinis on. After finishing her sandwich, Connie asked the group, "Who
wants to play some more?"

     "I DO," they all shouted in unison.

     Steve looked at Sarah and Jaimie. "So this morning's bondage
wasn't too bad....you're ready for more."

     "I know I am," Jaime offered. "It felt great to be tied up and I
felt real sexy too."

     "You looked sexy," agreed Sarah. "I don't know what turned me on
more....being tied up myself or watching you."

     "And when I saw the way you were tied Karen," said Jaimie, "with
that belt thing....I almost had another orgasm."

     "Hey," shouted Connie. "Let's have a little action and a little
less talking." She placed her hand on the bulge in Steve's shorts, "I
can tell you're ready for some action."

     "I'm as ready as a man can get. Why don't you girls collect the
ropes and stuff. Put it all together by the front door while Mike and
I pow-wow to plan our strategy."

     "Oh god, they need a strategy....now we're really in trouble,"
chuckled Sarah. "Let's get started."

     Mike and Steve walked down to the dock as the girls gathered up
all the bondage equipment.

     "Did you have anything particular in mind?" asked Mike.

     "Well, generally speaking...I think this afternoon is going to be
heaven on earth. Other than that, I did have a couple of ideas."

     "OK, I'm game...let's hear what they are."

     "You take Connie and Jaimie, I'll take Karen and Sarah. Use your
imagination....I'm going to have Karen tie Sarah while I watch and
then I'll tie Karen. Once all four of them are tied up, then we do
whatever we want....tease em, go down on em, get a blowjob, whatever."

     "That sounds good....what about adding to their frustration a
little. When we get them good and hot we'll take a break, watch the
game, and have a beer."

     "You've got a mean streak in you Mike....I like it; and after
that we give them a short rest, then go on to my next idea."

     "What's that?"

     "I saw a trivial pursuit game under the coffee table in the
living room. Let's play a game of Bondage Trivial Pursuit with the
girls. If they give a right answer then they get to pick out one
bondage item to be applied to one of the other girls and if they give
a wrong answer then
one of the other girls gets to pick out something for them. We do all
the tying and the girls start out nude."

     "Is there a winner to the game?" asked Mike.

     "You mean besides us?"

     "Yeah, besides us," chuckled Mike.

     "We'll ask each of them 10 questions and keep track of how many
right answers they each get." answered Steve. "The winner gets to pick
how she gets her next orgasm."

     "Sounds fair to me, let's have some fun." 

     The four women were waiting, not so patiently, as the two guys
walked back to the cabin.

     "Did you guys make a plan?" Connie asked sarcastically.

     "As a matter of fact, we did." said Mike. I want you and Jaimie
to come over here with me....Karen and Sarah go over there with
Steve."

     Connie and Jaimie walked over to Mike, turned in unison, and
offered themselves to him by crossing their hands behind their back.

     "Do with us whatever you will O Master" chided Connie.

     "Yes, please master...tie me and use my body for your
pleasure.....AND mine." said Jaimie.

     "Soon enough girls...but first let me tell you what I want." Mike
saw that Karen and Sarah had repeated the same performance for Steve.
"Connie, I want you to place Jaimie in bondage. Pick out what you need
and tie her anyway you want. I'll be watching and it had better
be good. When you're done, I'll tie you and if Jaimie's bondage
pleases me, then I will pleasure you both. If I am not pleased, then
you will only pleasure me."

     Connie had Jaimie get a spare blanket and a pillow from the cabin
while she picked out 4 short lengths of rope and a red ball gag. As
they walked down to the dock Connie put her arm around the younger
woman's shoulders. "You and Sarah got interested in this by watching
me tied up on our dock yesterday. Today is your turn....spread the
blanket out and position yourself face down in the center."

     "With my head on the pillow?" Jaimie asked.

     "No...just set the pillow aside for now."

     "OK." Jaimie put blanket down on the wooden planks and laid down
on her stomach facing towards the water.

     "Good....now hands together behind your back." Jaimie crossed her
wrists behind her and Connie tied and cinched them tight. Another
piece of rope was looped and used to tie Jaimie's elbows, forcing them
to almost touch. Connie grabbed the ball gag and held it out for
Jaimie to
see. When Jaimie saw the red ball, she opened her mouth and Connie
pushed the ball in behind her teeth. Connie lifted Jaimie's hair out
of the way and buckled the strap tightly at the back of her neck.

     Connie turned to Mike and asked "How am I doing so far?" Mike
just smiled as he saw Connie's right hand move down from Jaimie's
bound wrists and come to rest on her ass. "Don't you think this is a
great ass Mike?" She continued to rub back and forth. "I just love the
shape of
your butt Jaimie, I want to see it all," and with that she pulled
Jaimie's bikini over her hips, down her legs, and tossed them aside.
"Lift your butt a little so I can slide this pillow underneath you."
Connie shoved the pillow under Jaimie's hips as a slow whistle escaped
Mike's lips. With the
last two ropes, Jaimie's ankles were pulled apart and tied to pilings
on opposite sides of the dock. Jaimie's sex was already glistening and
completely on display for Mike's pleasure. "She's hot already Mike,"
said Connie as she inserted two fingers into Jaimie's pussy.

     Mike walked over and knelt down in the V that Jaimie's legs
formed. "I think you're right." He untied her bikini top and let the
ends fall; then he ran his right hand down her back and through the
crack of her ass until his fingers found her pussy. His fingers easily
slid into her
juicy vagina and he teased her clit by rubbing it one time. He trailed
his fingers up to her puckered asshole and playfully pushed at the
opening with one well-lubricated finger.

     "Mmmppphhh......mmmppfff" Jaimie squealed through her gag.

     Mike smiled, "I'll bet that this is virgin territory." He shoved
his finger in up to the second knuckle and then took it out. "Maybe
later, but right now I've got to take care of Connie." He patted
Jaimie's butt and grabbed Connie by the hand. "I'm going to tie you to
the tree up there by the porch."




Part 2
Sunday Bound

     Mike instructed Connie to strip and  then had her stand with her
back next to a small tree about 18" in diameter. He tied her hands
together in front with a long rope and threw the loose ends up and
through where the trunk split into branches. He crisscrossed the loose
ends around the trunk and tied it off. Connie was forced to stand on
her tiptoes to relieve the pressure in her shoulders. Mike used
several other ropes until Connie and the tree were one. He stuffed two
pairs of panties into her mouth and tightly knotted a scarf behind her
head to hold the gag in place. As a final touch he tied a blindfold
over her eyes and
added a double strand crotch rope. Mike pulled his shorts down and
freed his cock. 

     Connie felt his hardened manhood against her stomach as his lips
and tongue worked on her breasts. She wanted him inside her now but
she knew that it would only happen on his terms...he was in control. 

     Mike pulled away and stuffed his cock back in his shorts.
Connie heard his footsteps lead away and up the steps of the cabin.

     Mike had to step over Karen's body at the top of the stairs. She
had been tied with her arms stretched overhead and tied to the railing
support. Her knees and ankles were tied and a rope attached to her
ankles went up to a hook on the porch roof beam. Her legs were at a 45
degree angle and her butt barely touched the floor. He couldn't tell
what was in her mouth, but it was sealed with strips of 2" red tape.
Her bikini top was off and her bikini bottoms were trapped between the
knee and ankle ropes.
    She winked at Mike as he passed and he rewarded her by reaching
down and finger fucking her several times rapidly. She was moaning
with her eyes closed expecting him to finish when he quit and smiled
wickedly back at her.

     Steve opened the door of the cabin and came out on the porch
just as Mike pulled his hand away from Karen's pussy.

     "I don't know about you, but I'm ready for a little relaxation."
Steve said.

     "I guess I am too....what'd you have in mind....and what did you
do with Sarah?"

     "Sarah's inside relaxing. I thought we could grab a brew and turn
on the game for a while....give the ladies some time alone with their
thoughts."

     "Sounds great, let's do it" said Mike.

     "Mmmpppfff....." Connie protested, having heard the whole
conversation.

     Steve shouted out so that all the women could hear. "Mike and I
are going to take a break and watch the ballgame. Enjoy yourselves and
don't go anywhere."

     As soon as he entered the cabin Mike saw Sarah on top of the
coffee table. She was tied in a strict hog-tie and only had on a pair
of white cotton panties. Her cheeks bulged over the straps that held a
green ball gag in her mouth. He could smell her arousal and it was
confirmed by the wet crotch of her panties.

     Steve headed for the kitchen. "I had her put on the panties, nice
touch, don't you think? Turn on the TV while I get us a couple of
beers."

     Mike sat down on the couch and hit the on button on the remote.
The screen crackled, and then came to life as Mike channel surfed
until he settled on a channel showing a golf tournament. "Let's watch
golf," he called out to Steve, "maybe we can figure out what we did
wrong yesterday."

     Steve turned the corner with two beers in one hand and a bag of
pretzels in the other. "I'll tell you what buddy....from where I
stand....I'd say that we did just right yesterday." He handed a beer
to Mike and sat down next to him on the couch. Steve leaned forward
and twisted Sarah's right nipple between his fingers and ran his left
hand over the curves of her ass. "I'd rather have my hands on this
than on my putter. How bout you?"

     Mike had to agree and lifted his beer. "A toast then.....to our
bondage girls---they capture our hearts as we capture their bodies."

     "Well put Mike," agreed Steve just before they both chugged half
a can in one swallow.

     Their plan worked perfectly. They watched golf for about an hour
and drank two beers. Meanwhile.....Connie, Karen, & Jaimie struggled
in their bonds; they had been so close to an orgasm and could get no
closer. 

     Connie's crotch rope kept her near the edge the whole time and
her moans of ecstasy and frustration forced Mike and Steve to turn up
the volume on the TV.  

     In comparison, Sarah felt that she was in Heaven. She was not
tied up by herself somewhere else; she was bound right in front of two
men, tightly tied and gagged with only a flimsy pair
of panties on. They had access to her body any time they wanted, and
they took advantage. Sarah knew that she had orgasmed at least 3 times
during the hour as Mike and Steve played with her breasts and fingered
her pussy. 

     The hour passed quickly for Mike, Steve, & Sarah; but not nearly
as quickly for Connie, Karen, & Jaimie.

     Mike drained the last of his beer except for one swallow. He held
the can over Sarah's upturned ass and slowly poured out the golden
liquid; watching some run off the small of her back and the rest
cascade down the canyon between her ass cheeks and into the forest of
her pubic hairs. "I think it's time to bring phase 1 to a climax, OK?"

     "Let's do it...I'll take care of my two and you do yours."

     As Mike left the cabin Steve unbuckled Sarah's gag and pulled the
ball out of her mouth.

     Sarah twisted her jaw to work out the stiffness as she watched
Steve strip his shorts off. "God, I don't know how many times I came.
That was great. Are you going to fuck me now?"


     "No, maybe later.....right now you're going to suck my dick."

     "Since I can't get up you're going to have to bring it over
here."

     Steve knelt on a footstool at the end of the coffee table and put
his cock into Sarah's eager mouth. She ran her lips up and down and
rimmed the head with her tongue. Playful nips with her teeth sent
shivers through Steve.

     "That's enough," said Steve as he pulled away from Sarah's
mouth.

     "But you haven't cum yet. Was I doing it wrong?"

     "No, you were great....it's just that I need to finish up on
Karen. We'll untie you girls in just a few minutes....hang in there."

     "What choice do I have," Sarah quipped sarcastically.

     Steve walked out onto the porch and released Karen's legs from
the overhead beam. Karen beamed when she saw Steve's prick pointed
straight at her. Steve saw Mike walking down to the dock with his own
woodie and glanced at Connie, who was hanging limp in her bonds. He
knew that Connie had just cum courtesy of Mike and her bondage. Steve
guided his cock into Karen's pussy and started a slow rhythmic
pumping.

     Karen's eyes closed and her hips rose to meet Steve's.

     Steve increased the intensity of his strokes and his mouth closed
over Karen's left breast while his tongue traced her areola and
flicked at her nipple. He glanced  toward the dock and saw Mike
fucking Jaimie; although he couldn't tell whether he was fucking her
pussy or her ass. Steve looked down at Karen's flushed face and knew
she was close to climaxing. He cupped
her ass cheeks with his hands and slammed his cock into her again and
again until Karen's body convulsed in orgasm. He pulled his cock out
of her pussy, spurting cum on her stomach and breasts. He rolled off
her and sat with his back against the cabin while they both regained
their breath. He saw that Mike had finished fucking Jaimie and was
busy untying her. As soon as he caught his breath Steve untied Karen's
wrists and let her remove her own gag while he went in to untie Sarah.
He finished releasing her from the hog-tie she had been in just as the
four others came in the cabin.

     "It's a good thing you bastards finally got me off," snapped
Connie, "Cause I was getting real pissed at you."

     "Ditto for me too," added Karen, "It wasn't very funny to be hot,
bothered, and ignored."

     "I didn't think it was so bad," cooed Jaimie softly. "It was a
good buildup for the climax, no pun intended."

     "It seems that we got mixed reviews," said Mike. "Two votes for
and two against."

     "I didn't hear Sarah's vote yet" said Connie.

     "That's because you were making too much noise struggling with
your crotch rope," answered Karen, "to hear that Sarah was having
multiple orgasms while we all suffered.

     "Wait a minute girls, that was only a preliminary to the main
event," announced Steve. "Mike and I have an idea that we think you'll
enjoy, but first let's just take a break...about 45 minutes or
so....drink, use the bathroom, clean up, whatever you want."

     "Should we get dressed? asked Jaimie.

     "If you want some clothes on during the break, go ahead, but
when we start the next game we'll all start out nude."

     "Well then, there's not much point in putting anything on--is
there?" said Sarah as she pulled her panties down and stepped out of
them.

     "None at all," agreed Karen. "But I need to clean up, so I get
dibs on the bathroom first."

     Fifty five minutes later everyone was seated in the living room
and all ropes and bondage items were together underneath the coffee
table. Everybody was nude, per Steve's instructions, and all the girls
were anxious to know what came next.

     "So how are we going to top what we've already done?" asked
Sarah.

     Steve stood up and glanced at each lady as he began his
explanation. "Mike and I thought it would be a lot of fun to play a
real party game with bondage consequences." He walked over to the
bookshelf and pulled out the Trivial Pursuit Game box. "Here is a real
fun party game....lots of questions that need answers. We're going to
ask each of you a question, in turn, and if you get the right answer
in 10 seconds or less, you get to instruct us to use one tie on any of
the other three."

     Jaimie raised her hand, "What do you mean by one tie? Can you
give us an example?"

     "Sure, an example might be the best way to explain it," answered
Steve. "Let's say that you, Jaimie, just answered a question
correctly. You could pick Karen, Connie, or Sarah for us to tie, and
you also tell us which one step in the tying process you want us to
do. In other words, you couldn't tell us to hog-tie Sarah, because
that involves many steps; but you could start the hog-tie process by
telling us to take a 4' rope and
tie her ankles together."

     "Hey, that does sound like fun," said Karen.

     "One special rule concerning gags," interrupted Mike. "Only ball
gags can be used during the game. Since you need to talk to answer the
questions, ball gags will be easier to remove when it's your turn."

     "What if we don't get the right answer?" asked Sarah.

     "Then the girl to your left gets to choose what we do to you,"
answered Steve.

     "Can there be sexual consequences too?" asked Connie.

     "Yes, you can request something sexual too, but not until that
person is securely tied and gagged." said Mike. "Steve and I are more
than willing, actually hoping to participate in any sexual debauchery
you girls can dream up."

     "Any more questions before we get started?" asked Steve.
"Good....then Connie will be first followed by Jaimie, Karen, &
Sarah."

     Steve opened the box and pulled out the question cards. OK
Connie, first question. Hemophobia is an irrational fear of...what?"

     Connie's face broke out in a smile. "Blood" she answered.


     "You're absolutely right," Mike announced. "Now what do you
want us to do to whom?"

     Connie looked at each of the others in turn, rolled her eyes
upward and gave her answer. "I want you to take a short piece of rope
and tie Sarah's hands behind her back."

     "You got it," said Mike as he picked out a 3' length of rope.

     "Cross your wrists behind you Sarah." Mike moved behind Sarah and
quickly had her wrists tied and cinched tight.

     Sarah tested her bonds and smiled at Connie. "Thanks for
picking me Connie, but remember, revenge is sweet."

     "Good start," interrupted Steve, "our next contestant is Jaimie.
Here is the question. Who wrote 'The 13 Clocks'?"

     Jaimie's brow furrowed and she scratched her chin. "I don't
know," she answered meekly.

     "Does anybody know the answer?" asked Steve.

     "I think it was James Thurber," offered Karen.

     "You're right, it was James Thurber," echoed Steve, "but since
Jaimie didn't know it, Karen gets to select a bondage for her."

     "I'd like to see a crotch rope through that pretty pussy."

     "Excellent choice," said Steve, picking out a rope about 12'
long. "Stand up, Jaimie, with your feet about shoulder width apart." 

     Jaimie blushed and did as Steve asked. Steve doubled the rope and
circled her waist. He put the loose end through the end of the loop,
pulled it snug, and tied it off. The loose ends were pulled down and
carefully placed between her pussy lips and up through the crack of
her ass and tied securely. Steve tugged slightly on the crotch rope
and asked "How's that feel, tight enough?"

     Jaimie sucked her breath in, "It's tight enough."

     "OK Jaimie, let's move on," said Mike. "Karen, you're next.  Who
is the NBA's all time leader in field goals?."

     "That's easy," said Karen, "it's Kareem Abdul Jabbar."

     "That's right, so what should Mike do to whom?"

     Karen looked around at the others briefly before deciding. "Use a
short rope and tie Sarah's elbows. See if they'll touch."

     Mike picked out a 6' length of rope and tied Sarah's upper
arms...when he was finished Sarah's elbows were about 1" apart. "So
far it looks like the wives against the college girls and it's 3 to
nothing."

     "We'll catch up, "commented Sarah as she shifted to ease the
strain on her shoulders.

     "Yeah," added Jaimie, "besides...being behind in this game isn't
that bad."

     "That's the whole point," agreed Mike. "There are no losers in
our game; and now Sarah has a chance to answer a question. Sarah, who
invented the game of Lacrosse?"

     Sarah closed her eyes as if in deep thought for only a second or
two. "The North American Indians invented it."

     "Finally....the college girls get on the scoreboard," said Steve.
"What revenge suits your fancy this round?"


     "Tie and cinch Karen's ankles, not side by side, but crossed."

     Mike took a 4' length of rope and tied Karen's ankles exactly the
way Sarah requested.

     They continued the game for another 2 hours, asking questions and
applying more bondage on each of the girls. It ended up being a
contest between 2 teams, Karen & Connie versus Sarah & Jaimie. As the
afternoon progressed, it became a very close (tight) struggle.

     "Geez," exclaimed Mike. "Never in my wildest dreams would I
have imagined this, but even good things must end."

     "I know," agreed Steve. "Let's go one more round...a sex only
round...and then call it a day."

     "What'd you think girls, does that sound OK?" Mike asked.

     "Nnnmmmppphhh......mmmfffhhh.....uuummmfff" was their
combined response.

     "I guess we can take that as a yes." chuckled Steve. That was all
the response that the four bound ladies could produce.

     Karen's bondage had started with her ankles being tied and
cinched in a crossed position. Further rounds of the game had made her
bondage progressively more stringent. Her wrists were tied behind her
and her upper arms pinioned to her body with ropes that passed above,
below and diagonally between her breasts. A rope from her ankles to
the ropes around her breasts forced her to bend at the waist into a
lotus position. One of the two red ballgags was wedged behind her
teeth and the strap secured tightly at the back of her neck.

     Connie's hands were stretched above her and the rope anchored to
a hook in the ceiling. Her ankles were tied to the rungs of a kitchen
chair placed in front of her. Ropes circled her chest passing above
and below her breasts. A small rope had been wound around the base of
her left breast several times and then over to the right breast where
it also was wound around the base and then tied off, causing her
nipples to be extended and very sensitive. A rope tied tightly around
her waist anchored eight strands of rope running through her crotch
and up to the
waist rope in the rear. A vibrating dildo had been inserted into her
pussy and the rope strands made sure it didn't come out. The vibrator
had been turned on and off several times, and was off right now. Her
mouth had been silenced with a red ballgag.

     Jaimie's bondage had started with a crotch rope. Then she was
placed face up on the coffee table and her wrists crossed, tied,
pulled over her head, and anchored to the table legs. Her ankles were
also tied to the coffee table's legs. Ropes circled her waist and held
her tight to the table's surface. Her nipples had been teased until
they got hard and clothespins were snapped on. In her mouth was the
other red ballgag.

     Sarah, who had two of the first three bondages applied to her,
was on the floor in a hog-tie with an unusual twist. Her wrists were
tied tight and elbows tied almost touching, knees and ankles tied and
cinched. Ropes went around her upper arms and across her breasts,
creating valleys through the soft fleshy mounds. The final rope had
been Karen's idea. It was a long rope that Mike had doubled. He
circled Sarah's waist with it, pulled the loose ends through the loop,
circled her waist the opposite direction and tied it off at the loop
by her bellybutton.
The two strands were pulled through her crotch, around the wrist
bondage and finally to her ankles. Mike carefully adjusted the slack
before securing the final knots and made sure that the crotch rope
bisected her pussy. Sarah could control how much pressure was on the
rope through her pussy by moving her ankles forward or back; and had
climaxed once already using that technique.

     Mike unbuckled and removed the gag from Connie's mouth. "The
last round will be for your personal pleasure and ours. What can we do
to set you on fire?"

     "Turn the vibrator on, play with my tits and put the gag back
in."

     Steve shoved the ball into Connie's open mouth and rebuckled it
at the back of her neck and switched the vibrator on...... Connie's
eyes closed and her breathing deepened. Steve and Mike each took a
breast and teased it with their hands, mouth, tongue, and teeth. The
other 3 girls were watching intently and soon Connie's hips were
gyrating wildly as she climaxed.

     "Next," said Steve as he ungagged Jaimie, "and what will be your
pleasure fair maiden?"

     "I want a cock in my mouth and a tongue in my pussy."

     "And so you shall," stated Mike. "It's your choice partner, which
end do you want?"

     "You know I love to eat pussy," answered Steve. "So I'll do what
I love to do." He knelt down, pulled the crotch rope aside, and got
busy.

     Mike straddled Jaimie's head and slid his cock into her eager
mouth. With Mike's cock stuffed in her mouth, Jaimie's moaning sounded
as if she was still wearing a gag. Her skin flushed and her breaths
came quicker as she sucked and tongued Mike's prick until she
convulsed in orgasm just as Mike's own orgasm shot cum down her throat
and then on her face.

     "Oh god,"  Mike said breathlessly. "You give great head
Jaimie...just great. Steve, toss me that gag will ya?" Mike caught the
gag as Steve threw it in his direction and re-gagged Jaimie. "You have
to be bound and gagged until the game is over." Jaimie nodded her head
in agreement.

     "Our next AND next to last player today is.....Karen." Steve took
the ball out of her mouth, wiped it off, and put it in his pocket.

     Karen worked her jaw up and down to relieve the stiffness and
looked Steve straight in the eye. "Being tied up in a ball like this
is wearing me out. I want you to untie my legs before my back fuses in
this position, and then......I want your cock in my pussy."

     Steve removed the ropes around her ankles and Karen laid flat and
stretched her legs. Steve fished the gag out of his pocket and held it
to her lips. Karen opened her mouth and Steve placed the gag back in
and rebuckled the strap.

      Meanwhile; since he wasn't included in Karen's request, Mike
skipped protocol and moved on to Sarah. Sarah was rocking her ankles
back and forth slowly, making the crotch rope tighter and then looser.
Her low moans seemed to be keeping time with her
ankle motion. Steve got a throw pillow and put it under Karen's butt
and plunged his prick into her wet pussy. Karen was more than ready
and her excitement built quickly.

     Mike reached underneath Sarah and was playing with her nipples
when Sarah's orgasm rolled through her body; and before Sarah's ended,
Karen and Steve climaxed almost simultaneously. A few minutes passed
with only the sounds of breathing; labored and rapid at first,
gradually returning to normal.

     "The time has come," announced Steve, "to end today's game.
Let's untie these wonderful ladies."

     "I guess we must.....it's a long drive back to the city, and we
still have to boat back to our cabin and cleanup."

     Gradually all the ropes fell away, mouths un-gagged, and clothes
put on. Soon they were just six friends with a day's worth of
wonderful memories; with four going back to work and two off to
college.

     "You guys drive careful now," cautioned Jaimie. "It'll be dark by
the time you start out."

     "We'll be OK, how about you two?" answered Karen.

     "We don't have to leave til day after tomorrow." Sarah said.
"We'll stay one more night here and head home tomorrow to pack."

     "Good luck in school this year," Connie added. "Study hard and
have fun."

     "Thanks," said Sarah. "Maybe we'll see you up here next
summer."

     "You can count on it. We're in the book, give us a call next
summer and we'll have a reunion party," said Mike.

     "By then we just might have a few new tricks to show you," said
Jaimie.

     "I hope you do, but be careful who you play with," warned Karen.

     They all hugged one another and the boat pulled away amidst
waving and hollering 'bye...see you next year'. As the boat drifted
away from them Sarah looked mischievously at Jaimie and said, "I
wonder if our sorority sisters know how much fun bondage can be?"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ten to win


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





