BDSM Library - Tied to Her Job




Tied to Her Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Connie was back and had some good time with Karen when she was on the job.
This story contains adult sexual behaviour. If you are not an adult or are
offended by sex stories, then please do not go any further. This is a sequel to
my first story, "A Friendly Wager", that was posted a week ago. If you missed it
and would like a re-post, please e-mail me. Comments are welcome also.

			       "Tied to her job"

Karen looked up from the paperwork on her desk and smiled at the middle-aged
couple. She had spent all Saturday morning showing them 3 houses and she knew
that they had not fallen in love with any of them.

"Can you tell me what you thought about each of the houses and then maybe I'll
have a better idea of what you're looking for."

Karen listened as the couple told her house by house what they had liked and
disliked and she made notes for herself in their file. She appeared attentive,
but daydreams kept creeping in on her thoughts. It had been 3 weeks since she
had gone to Connie's to pay off a debt. Three weeks since a new fire had been
lit in her, a fire that was still glowing.

Karen stood up and shook the man's hand. " I'll be in touch with you on Monday.
I'll go over the new listings and see if there is anything new that you might be
interested in."

"Thanks Ms. Healy, we know we're being difficult, but it's our first house and
we want it to be perfect."

"Don't you worry", Karen reassured them. "Your first house should be perfect.
We'll keep looking until we find it. I'll call you on Monday. Bye now."

Karen got a cup of coffee and returned to her desk. She looked over her
appointment book and saw that the afternoon was free. She leaned back in her
chair, stared blankly out the window, and daydreams whisked her away, away from
the office and into Connie's bedroom 3 weeks ago. She could feel the rubber ball
filling her mouth, the scarves binding her arms & legs, the feather caressing
her flesh, the vibrating dildo pounding away in her pussy, and the thunderous
climax that shook her whole body. Suddenly there was an interruption.

"KAREN, you're wanted on line 2", Bill shouted at her, wondering which tropical
island she was daydreaming of. Karen came back to reality. "OK, I've got it."

"Hello, this is Karen Healy, can I help you? That was Karen's standard opening
when she didn't know who was on the phone.  "I certainly hope so. My husband is
being transferred to Houston and I'm here this weekend trying to find a house. I
heard that you were the best agent around. Can you show me some houses this
afternoon?"

"Connie.....is that you?"

"How did you know my name?"

"I should know my next door neighbor's name, shouldn't I?"

"Ms Healy, I'm not your next door neighbor. It's just a coincidence that my name
is Connie also. Now, can we get back to business."

"Sure; I'm sorry about the confusion. It's just that your voice sounds a lot
like hers. Connie -- what type of home are you looking for and how much time
before you have to move?"

"I'm looking for an upscale home in a wooded area, and I feel a certain amount
of pressure to get this done right away. We don't have very long to look and I'm
ready to act. Exactly 3 weeks ago today my life changed. I've thought about the
change constantly, but this is the first chance I've had to do something about
it."

"You mean .... go house hunting"; Karen cautiously inquired, now more confused
than ever.

"Of course; now when can we get started?

"Can you meet me here at the office in 30 minutes?"

"I'm not real sure of my way around. It might be easier if you picked me up at
my hotel"

"Sure, I can meet you. Where are you staying?" asked Karen.

"I'm at the Ramada near the expressway. Do you know where that's at?

"I sure do" stated Karen. "Let me pull out some listings that might suit your
needs ...... I'll be over in about an hour, is that OK?"

"I'll be waiting in the lobby near the elevators."

"OK ... I'm be wearing a white blouse and a light blue skirt. See you soon." 	
Karen pulled out her listings and selected a few that Connie might be interested
in. She wondered though .... that voice sure sounded like my Connie, and she
made a point of telling me that 3 weeks ago her life had changed. Could it be?
We have been meaning to PLAY again, but it hasn't worked out. Karen went into
the ladies' room to check her makeup and was pleased with the sexy woman in the
mirror. She touched her breasts and reached under her skirt, running her fingers
over the smoth silk covering her blonde mound. She really felt horny, but
resisted the temptation to masturbate. Karen was glad that she had decided not
to wear pantyhose today; she felt sexier with a garter belt and nylons.

Karen left the agency and headed for the Ramada where Connie was waiting. When
she got there she decided to drive through the parking garage first. She spotted
it in the next to last row ... HER Connie's blue Taurus. As she drove slowly out
of the parking lot she muttered to herself "If we're playing a game, I'll play
along and see what happens; I hope it involves being tied up. Today might turn
out OK after all."

Karen pulled her white BMW into a 10 minute zone close to the entrance and went
inside. There she was, reading a magazine, on a couch by the elevators. Connie
was wearing brown slacks and a cream colored top. Karen noticed that there was a
large handbag next to her feet.

"Hi, I'm Karen Healy." Karen smiled and extended her hand.

Connie was pleased that Karen was playing her part. "Hi Karen, I'm Connie
Johnson." She shook Karen's hand. "I'm glad that you could help me out on such
short notice, I'll try to make it worth your time."

"Great, let's go, I'm parked right out front." Karen led the way and opened the
door for her client. Connie watched Karen slide in, the material of Karen's
skirt sliding up to reveal well tanned thighs. Karen pulled out into traffic and
headed towards the expressway entrance.

"What would you like to see first Connie? There's two that I really think might
interest you, one of them is just a couple of miles from here, and one is about
twenty minutes from the city. Both of them are very nice; 2 stories, and a 3 car
garage. The one that is outside the city has the most privacy and the owners are
currently on vacation, but very eager to sell."

Connie hesitated, as if in thought, and said "Let's see the one away from the
city first ... if you don't mind."

"No, actually I was hoping you would choose that one. It's a very nice home with
wooded privacy and since the owners are gone you can take your time ...
looking."

Karen and Connie stayed in their roles as they drove out of the city. They
conversed with each other as if they were perfect strangers. Karen felt herself
getting wetter as she daydreamed about what might happen. Finally Karen turned
off the county road onto a long paved driveway up to a 2 story light blue house.
Karen went into her sales pitch as she drove up the driveway "As you can see
there is a lot of property here. The house sits on 5 acres and the nearest
neighbor is 1000' away. The backyard is completely private with trees and a
large deck. I think you'll see the possibilities right away."

"I'm sure I will", agreed Connie. "How much are they asking?"

"$450,000, but as I said, they're anxious to sell. They're in Hawaii right now,
but they'll be back next Wednesday. Let's go in and you can look around."

Karen got the key from the lock box and opened the front door. Connie went in
and Karen followed, making sure that the door was relocked. Karen then took
Connie on a tour of the house and extolled the virtues just as she would have
done with a prospective buyer. The tour ended with the two women standing in the
family room after having come back in from the back deck.

"Well, what do you think?" inquired Karen.

"I think it's perfect", answered Connie as she reached into her handbag and
pulled out a toy gun. "A perfect setup. Get your hands up bitch."

Karen raised her hands. "What are you going to do? Please don't hurt me."

"You won't get hurt if you what I tell you." Connie reached into the bag and
brought out a pair of handcuffs, and tossed them to Karen. "Put these on."

Karen snapped the cold steel onto her left wrist. "Behind your back and then sit
on the floor" commanded Connie. Karen put her hands behind her back and snapped
the other cuff on her right wrist. With the final click Karen's nipples hardened
and her pussy got wetter. Karen sat on the floor and looked up at Connie. "What
is this all about, what are you going to do?" asked Karen.

"Well, I enjoyed your little tour, but now I want to take my own tour." Connie
kneeled in front of Karen and opened her handbag all the way. Karen could see
lots of ropes, scarves, etc. Connie tied and cinched Karen's ankles and her
knees. "Your job is selling houses, my job is stealing valuables after I've
bound and gagged female real estate agents like you."

Connie moved behind Karen and tied her elbows together so tight that they almost
touched. The handcuffs came off and Connie tied and cinched Karen's wrists. As
Connie tighted more rope around Karen's chest and across her breasts Karen
worriedly remarked "But you can't just leave me out her tied up and gagged; the
owners won't be back for 5 days, I'll die."

"Don't worry bitch, I'm not a killer, just a thief. Later tonight after I've
made my escape I'll call your office manager and tell him where you're at."
Connie turned Karen face down, pulled her bound ankles up and tied them to her
wrists in a strict hogtie. "You'll be a little embarrassed having Bill find you
tied up in your birthday suit, but at least you'll be alive." Connie ran her
hand up between Karen's thighs and patted her pantied bottom. "Garter belt, not
panty hose, very nice touch. On second thought I might let you keep the garter
belt and nylons on, but nothing else. Bill's probably been undressing you in his
mind for years; I'll make his dream come true."

"But no .... you can't .... I mean .... mmpppfff", Karen protested, only to be
cut short when Connie popped a rubber ball between her teeth, filling her mouth.
Three strips of vinyl tape finished the gagging job.

"Now you just enjoy yourself while I do my job." Connie rolled Karen onto her
side, pulled her skirt up, stuck her hand inside the front of Karen's panties,
and felt her wetness. She held the wet finger up to Karen's nose. "Your pussy is
enjoying this already." Connie left and Karen was alone.

Alone with the ropes, and the gag. Karen agreed with Connie...I am enjoying
this. Karen rolled around and tested her bondage and felt the fullness in her
mouth. She rubbed her breasts on the carpet and her nipples stiffened. She
imagined Mike's cock filling her mouth instead of the ball, yes ... somehow this
time ... she would find a way to tell Mike that she wanted to be tied, gagged,
and teased. Do it to me Honey, and then screw my brains out. Her skirt had
worked it way up over her hips and buttons came loose on her blouse. She looked
down and saw the wet spot in the crotch of her panties. Karen wanted Connie's
hands or tongue on her nipples and pussy;she was ready.

Connie walked back in the room. "Well I got a few things loaded into your ... er
my car, but now it's intermission time." Karen sighed, knowing that Connie would
now give her what she wanted. "First of all, I need to change how I have you
tied." Connie released Karen from the hogtie and also untied her ankles and
knees. She helped Karen stand up and unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the
ground. Connie pulled the damp panties over Karen's hips and had her step out of
them. "Ok, now get down on your knees ... good, now rest your butt on your heels
and make a V with your knees and your pussy." Connie then tied Karen's right
ankle to her right thigh and her left ankle to her left thigh. "I'm going to
change your gag, but I don't want to hear any talking while your mouth is
empty." Connie removed the tape and the ball, and Karen kept quiet. Connie
removed her shoes and slacks and pulled her panties off, revealing her red bush.

"Cool air on your pussy feels good, doesn't it?"

"Sometimes", Karen answered.

"I told you I didn't want you to talk." Connie wadded Karen's panties up inside
of hers, making sure to have the crotch side out. "Now open your mouth." Connie
pushed the two pairs of damp panties inside Karen's mouth and used a scarf tied
behind her head to hold them in. Connie untied Karen's hands and then retied a
rope to her left wrist. She pulled this rope around Karen's body, between  her
breasts, over her left shoulder, and tied it off on the ropes encircling her
upper body. Karen's right hand remained free except for the ropes holding the
upper part close to her body. Connie leaned back against the sofa in front of
Karen.

"Let's have a contest, you and I. I'm kind of horny now and you've been horny
since I first tied you up. First one to cum wins  ... ready   ... set ... go."
Connie's left hand massaged her breasts through her clothes, rubbing, pinching,
and pulling her nipples. She used her right hand on her pussy, furiously finger
fucking herself and rubbing her clit. Soon she was moaning with pleasure.




PART  2: "Tied to her job"

Karen hesitated and then she too used her free hand, as best she could, on her
own pussy. Once she would have been too embarrassed to masturbate in front of
Connie, but now it seemed natural, and she wanted to WIN. She only had one hand
to help her, but she also had the ropes. She used the feel of the ropes on her
body and the sight of Connie's fingers going in and out of her pussy to
stimulate her. Her breathing got faster and soon she was moaning loudly through
her gag .... and then her climax exploded as wave after wave of relief rushed
through her body.

Connie stopped when she heard Karen start to climax and watched her friend's
body experience sexual nirvana and then eventual relaxation.

"You won, but I guess that's because you had a head start" Connie said. "Your
prize for winning our contest is that you, Real estate salesperson Karen, get to
eat my pussy." As Connie untied the gag and took the panties out of Karen's
mouth, she said "Of course you have to be ungagged for a while, but don't worry,
you'll be re-gagged after you get me off." Connie then tied Karen's right wrist
behind her back the same way the left had been tied.

Connie stepped back and admired Karen's bound form. "You had better do a good
job on me or I might wait til tomorrow morning to call Bill. Connie brought her
pussy up to Karen's mouth and Karen's tongue eagerly went to work. Connie ran
her fingers through Karen's hair and soon was wiggling her hips as her passion
grew. Karen was hampered by her position and by being tied, but her tongue and
lips made up for those handicaps with their enthusiasm. Connie rode Karen's
tongue to a thunderous orgasm of her own, then collapsed on the sofa until her
breathing returned to normal.

"That was great Karen, but it's time that I got back to work." Connie said as
she slipped her slacks back on. "And I think you need a little sunshine in your
life right now. Open up." Karen opened her mouth and Connie shoved the 2 pairs
of panties inside and again held them in with a scarf. Connie untied Karen's
arms and took off the ropes binding her upper arms, leaving her gagged and with
her ankles bound to her thighs.

"Take off your blouse and bra, let's see what you've got."

Karen unbuttoned her blouse and took it off. She unsnapped her bra and discarded
it too. "Wow, I'm jealous," commented Connie "You've got a great set of tits
babe." Karen involuntarily blushed at that remark and brought her hands up to
hide her breasts. "Get your hands down" barked Connie, "We're long past modesty
here. Put your hands behind your back." Karen put her hands behind her back and
looked demurely at Connie.

Connie picked up a length of rope, stepped behind Karen and tied her wrists
together securely. Connie then untied Karen's legs and helped her to stand up.
The middle part of a long piece of rope was put around Karen's waist and
securely knotted in the rear. The two loose ends were threaded between Karen's
ass cheeks and up through the folds of her pussy. "Let's go outside and play"
said Connie and she pulled gently on Karen's crotch rope.

Connie kept a gentle upward pressure on the rope as she wandered around the
backyard looking and humming to herself. Karen was forced to follow closely,
always aware of the rope's pressence in her most private area. When Connie
stopped for a second, Karen stood on tiptoe in an effort to relieve the pressure
of the rope on her pussy, but Connie just took up the slack. She forgot for a
moment that she was completely naked, hands tied behind her, gagged, and outside
in a stranger's backyard. She was thankful that this backyard was totally
secluded from neighbors, but what if somebody accidentally came by.

"Ah, this will do nicely" commented Connie as she stopped underneath one of the
trees outlining the backyard. She threw the loose ends of the rope she was
holding over a low hanging branch, one strand on either side of Karen's neck and
tied it loosely around Karen's wrist bondage. "Stay right here, won't you, while
I get something from the garage." Karen looked around while Connie was gone,
imagining pairs of eyes staring at her from behind every bush and tree. Connie
returned with a hammer and two tent stakes. "I'm glad this family likes camping.
These stakes are going to come in handy." She hammered the stakes in the ground
about 3 feet apart, one on either side of Karen. Karen knew that she would end
up being spread wide open and accessible to whoever and whatever.

Connie didn't disappoint her and soon Karen's legs were tied to the stakes. "Now
we'll take the slack out of this rope here" said Connie as she ran her hand down
the rope until she was fingering Karen's pussy. Karen moaned with delight and
closed her eyes. "Not yet, there's plenty of time for that later."

Connie took the slack out of the rope as Karen was forced to bend at the waist
with her arms almost horizontal. This is diabolical thought Karen. If I try to
relieve the pressure in my shoulders then the rope will be forced  up tighter in
my pussy, and the sun is shining directly on me. I hope she doesn't leave me
like this too long.

"Just to let you know that I'm not totally without mercy, look what else I
brought you." Karen looked up as much as she could and saw that Connie was
holding a tube of sunblock. "I wouldn't want you to get sunburned, especially in
those areas that usually don't get any sun."

"MMM--FFF" grunted Karen through her gag.

"Good, I knew you would agree."

Connie squirted the lotion into her hands and then onto Karen's skin. Her hands
started with Karen's neck, and then moved to her shoulders, arms, stomach, back,
and her legs. Another squirt and Connie rubbed the lotion on Karen's breasts,
outlining her aereolas, flicking and tugging her nipples. More lotion and on to
Karen's crotch, where Connie paid particular attention to Karen's anus and
pussy. Karen was beginning to grunt louder and Connie knew that Karen was on the
verge of climaxing.

SMACK. Connie slapped her hand hard against Karen's ass cheeks. "I think you're
protected from the sun's rays now. See you in a while."

"MMMPPPFFF.... MM--FF" Karen grunted, begging Connie to stay and finish her
off."

"I'm sorry, I don't have any sunglasses for you. Here, maybe this will keep the
sun out of your eyes." Connie tied a scarf over her eyes. "I know you'll miss
me, but I'll be back" and she was gone.

Karen felt the sun beat down on her naked flesh. The ropes, especially the one
through her crotch, were working their special magic. She imagined that a crowd
had gathered in the backyard to watch her struggle.

"Meow - Meow"; ... Karen felt a cat rub up against her leg. She tried to pull
away, but of course she couldn't. Oh my god, she thought, I didn't see a cat at
this house. It's somebody else's cat. What if they come looking for it. She
struggled hard to get loose, but the ropes didn't budge. She quit, out of
breath. Suddenly - hands on her breasts - somebody behind her had reached around
and was fondling her tits.

"Mmggff ... mmmppfff" she screamed through her gag, hoping that Connie's voice
would answer and reassure her. But the mysterious fingers rolled her nipples and
lightly traced around her aereolas. Karen's initial panic gave way to the sexual
desire building inside of her, her body was screaming YES..YES. She was a toy
for whoever was groping her body, but a willing toy. Now her breasts were being
licked and kissed, two hands cupped her ass cheeks, fingers traced around her
anus, rubbed her clit, and went into her pussy. Then the lips were gone from her
breasts and ...SMACK - SMACK, her ass was spanked hard. Fingers wandered through
her pussy hair again and ... grabbed a handful and pulled. "Mm - ff, mmmpfff"
was all Karen could get out. She knew she was close, real close. The rope
between her legs was pulled up tighter and SMACK - SMACK - SMACK came the hand
on her ass. Karen's climax came and came and came. She felt like collapsing, but
remained standing in the ropes' tight embrace. A hand gently wiped her brow, a
kiss touched her gagged lips, and then the sound of footsteps leading away ...
but not toward the house, whoever it was went into the woods away from the
house. Karen struggled briefly, the rope embedded further in her tender pussy
and forced her to stop. Whatever happened was over and she was sure that the
person would not recognize her anyway, when she had clothes on, and the gag and
blindfold were off.

"Looks like you've had enought sun for today" Connie said as approached Karen.

"Mmmpppfff ... MM-ff" was Karen's muted answer.

Karen's bonds were released except for her arms; she sighed with relief as the
pressure on her shoulders disappeared. The crotch rope, now very wet, was pulled
from its home within the folds of Karen's pussy.

As Connie removed the soiled panties from Karen's mouth, she told her "I've
finished loading up the car and I think it's time that I bedded you down for the
evening."

"Connie? ... have you been inside since you tied me to that tree or were you
just out her a while ago?" "I was busy putting the rest of the loot in the
trunk. I looked out here about 10 minutes ago and you were so drenched with
perspiration that I figured I'd better get you inside."

Connie held Karen's upper arms and guided her back in the house.

"Really ... cause I could swear that you ... it was you, wasn't it?"

"I really think maybe you were out in the sun too long. Let me get you a cool
drink." Connie got a soda out of the refrigerator and held it to Karen's lips so
she could drink. "There ... feel better now ... why don't you sit down while I
figure out what to do with you."

"Okay, ... maybe I will sit down." Karen backed up to the sofa and sat down."
She swung her feet up on the couch, turned on her side, and laid her head on a
pillow. "I promise not to tell anyone if you'll just let me go. Don't leave me
out here by myself, please."

"Well, I did make a good haul today, the trunk is full, and you have been very
entertaining. I'll make it a little easier for you. I'll take you back to your
office, it'll be closed by now, and leave you there. As soon as I'm out of the
county I'll let someone know where you are. You choose who I call, your husband,
or your office manager."

"That's fair, thanks."

"I can't be driving around with you naked in the front seat, I'm sure someone
would call the cops. Get over here." Connie pulled a mid-thigh length coat out
of the closet, put it around Karen's shoulders, and buttoned it. "Your wrists
will have to stay tied. That's my insurance. If you try to alert anyone on the
way, remember I've got a gun right here."

"I won't be any trouble, can we go now, I'm sure my husband is worrying about me
by now."

"I don't think so. I called him a while ago, told him I was a temp at the agency
and that you asked me to call and tell him you would be late."

"Thought of everything, haven't you?"

"In this line of work you'd better be prepared - like boy scouts knowing how to
tie knots." Connie laughed.

Connie led Karen to the car and helped her in. They were both silent as they
drove back to the city. Karen was thinking, if only these other drivers knew
that she was tied and naked underneath that coat. She felt exotic and very
mischevious.

"Here we are, where do you keep your key?" Connie asked as she pulled into the
agency's parking lot. The building was empty, having closed for the day over 2
hours ago.

"In my purse, on the four leaf clover keyring. It's the key right next to the
clasp."

Connie got the key and opened the passenger door and got Karen out of the car.
Karen was led up the steps, into the building, and into the conference room.
Connie unbuttoned the coat and took it off, leaving Karen standing nude with her
hands tied behind her.

"That was great Connie, thanks", Karen gushed.

"I'm not done yet Karen, remember. I'm going to tie you up here and then you can
be rescued by Mike ... or Bill." "No, you can't, I'd be too embarrassed. Don't
do it, please! I had a really good time today, just untie me, I'll get dressed
and we can go home."

"I will help you get dressed ... a little anyway." Connie put Karen's garter
belt back on her, nylons next, attached them, and smoothed them out by running
her hands up Karen's legs."

"Listen Connie, untie my hands and I'll eat your pussy until you have the best
orgasm you've ever had."

"Bribery will get you nowhere with me tonight. The memory of being found by Mike
or Bill will light your fire for years and eventually you'll thank me."

Karen sighed and hung her head. She could see that Connie was going to do it and
there wasn't anything she could to stop her. Connie grabbed a chair and placed
it 5' in front of and facing the door to the conference room. Karen was forced
down on the chair seat and Connie used another short rope to secure her wrists
to the back of the chair. Karen was silent, knowing that her protests would do
no good. Karen's legs were separated and tied to the back chair legs and several
loops around and between her breasts secured her upper body. Karen clenched her
teeth when Connie approached with the rubber ball gag, but Connie pinched her
nose and all Karen could say was "Plea....Mmmpppfff" before the ball was shoved
in. One horizontal and two diagonal strips of tape made sure that it would not
come out.

"You're right Karen, you're in a very embarrassing position, but you also look
very erotic. Your nakedness is accentuated by your garter belt, nylons, firm
breasts, excited nipples, and yes", she inserted a finger into Karen, "a very
wet pussy. I suggest that you use the time you have to think up a story,
something believable. I'll make that call in 30 minutes, so I would say that you
have about 1 hour. Now, who do you want to rescue you, Mike or Bill. Blink once
for Mike or twice for Bill. OK ... good choice, have fun, see you tomorrow."

Connie winked at Karen and left, making sure that the agency door was locked
behind her.

THE END of this Chapter. Watch for future chapters.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ten to win


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





