BDSM Library - 'Tis the Season




'Tis the Season
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia" with new characters, new B&D situations and under a Xmas theme. Also the out come to the party crashing five is revealed.
This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.




                           "'Tis the Season"


                  The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia"


                               by Musker



                               (part 1)


                   Yes Virgina, there is a Santa Claus



"Ho Ho Ho, Merrrry Christmas Everybody, MERRY CHRISTMAS! Ho Ho Ho"

It was a late Thursday afternoon and the star studded nigh had already
taken possession of the sky. It was the last Thursday before Christmas too.
A time of peace, happiness and good will towards all. And many a good
tidings could be seen and heard from the hustle and bustle of people
passing one another on the sidewalk. The vast majority of them complete
strangers to one another, but with the spirit of Christmas well entrenched
in their heart so as to wish everyone a robust Merry Christmas. Even the
collection bucket would sing out's in thankful gratitude when coins where
dropped into it's deep metal cup. And to those who were willing to give a
little extra that was not echoed in a metal ring, then the rosy cheeked
Santa Claus standing on the street corner with his happy ringing bell would
make sure such a gift would not go unappreciated.

"Thanks you lovely lady. And you too kind Miss. Ho Ho Ho, Have a fine and
Merry Christmas to the both of you!" And as the Santa continued to ring his
bell of good cheer, the two young women continued on their walk down the
block of glittering and dazzling store fronts eagerly waiting to assist the
last minute shopper.

"Well that's our good deed for the day Heidi."

"It sure has to be Katie. I only have enough money for one more gift. And
lucky for me that's all I need too."

"You mean your broke after that?"

"As poor as a church mouse on Christmas eve."

"Well girlfriend, how about I buy us both a cup of hot chocolate. I think I
have enough for that and a gift to boot."

"With marshmallows on top?"

"You got it! As much of the white fluffy stuff as you like. Which is
definitely different from the white fluffy stuff that's coming down now."

"Oh I love the snow! Don't you Katie?"

"You bet! Especially when I can make a snow ball like this and then throw
it at a dear friend like that!"

"HEY!"

And that's how it started. Two college coeds out in the city for some last
minute Christmas shopping and then the next thing that happens is that they
are the instigators of a snow ball fight. A joyful challenge of aim and
toss that soon encompassed some twenty people or more! But the snow on the
ground was still soft and fluffy and no one was getting hurt. Oh there were
a few grinches who accidentally got hit with a puff of cold white stuff,
and in return they gave those well armed people a good piece of their mind.
But it only got them more of the same in the end. So they were soon seen
hastening away moaning that Christmas was nothing but a Hum Bug!

But there was one lady who did get the brunt of it. A tall somewhat middle
aged woman dressed in the height of Christmas elegance. She was walking
along at a steady pace, deep in thought and paying only minor attention to
the many happy frolicking people around her. Those same people who were in
the mitts of creating their own little snow blizzard.

The lady was wearing a long red leather coat that kept flying open no
matter how hard she tried to keep the front close with her hands in the
pockets. It was Katie who saw her first, or more like the matching red
leather hat on her head. A hat that begged to be knocked off by a well
placed snow ball.

As the woman in the targeted red hat walked passed them, no more than ten
to fifteen away, Katie let fly with her best well pack snow ball. In less
than two seconds it hit the woman smack on the back of her left shoulder.

The impact caused the woman to stop dead in her tracks. But so preoccupied
with her thoughts was she, that the woman didn't even notice that she was
just hit with a snow ball. She thought instead that it was someone tapping
her on shoulder trying to get her attention. So when she turned to see who
it was that's when she got it. Right in the face with another white puff of
snow, compliments of Heidi.

Of course it was an accident. Heidi, like Katie, was aiming for the red
hat. But as the snow began to slide down the woman's face to reveal a
wrinkled brow and tightly pursed lips, the two coeds knew the woman would
never have seen it as just a simple little mishap.

The woman removed her custom fitted gloved hand from her pocket and used it
to wipe a large chunk of snow from her face with one tense swipe. Then she
looked dead ahead to see who was responsible. That's when three sets of
eyes made contact. One, full of hot vengeful anger, and the other two awash
with apprehension and a tad bit of fear.

When the woman took the first aggressive step in the coeds direction, the
two girls knew they were in for it. That's when Heidi had the bright idea
of yelling out, "RED HAT! RED HAT! Get the RED HAT!"

On the woman's third step she was deluged with snow balls from all around
her. Her red leather coat and hat were like the center bull's eye on a
target as a continuous flow of snow began to bury her right where she
stood.  All she could do was to huddle into herself for protection and then
try to retreat away, minus her red leather hat. The same red hat that
Heidi quickly picked up and ran with in the opposite direction, followed by
her mischievous comrade in arms Katie.

About a half hour later both girls were sitting in a bar. Their planned hot
chocolate with marshmallows had become a cup of coffee with a shot of
whisky in it. They were laughing and having a good old time reminiscing
about their recent snow ball fight with each trying on the red hat in mock
effigy. The red hat had become their trophy, a symbol of their victory over
the upper class woman who dare crossed their path.

About the same time and a few blocks away a tall slightly middle aged woman
in a red leather coat walked through the front door of a very posh
boutique.

"Ah, Ms. Davenport. Here are your messages and you have a departmental
meeting in fifteen minu... Oh My GOSH! Are you all right Ms. Davenport?"

A pretty fair skinned young woman dressed in a light green silk blouse and
a dark green leather skirt was totally taken aback by the new image of her
boss that greeted her now. An image that didn't in the least match the
image she saw leaving the store only an hour ago. Back then her boss looked
like she always did. A very confident and elegant business woman dressed
impeccably in the latest elitist fashion. Today she wore a very stylish
champagne colored pant's suit that draped on her slim body with regal air.
And her mid-length blonde hair was done up with tres chic style and beauty.
But now she looked a total mess. She was soaked to the bone with her free
flowing pants suit hugging her body in unbecoming folds and wrinkles. Her
hair was dripping wet too, with most of it all matted down and snarled into
knots. Even her make up which was normally light and brought out her
beautiful feminine features was now smeared and runny.

"Yes Jenny. I'm all right." The tall slightly middle age woman said to her
concern looking assistant as she began removing her leather gloves that
were now completely soaked through and then put them in her coat pocket.

"You will have to cancel the meeting and reschedule it for tomorrow" she
said while wiping her nose from a drop of melted snow that ran down it's
side.

"Yes, of course Ms. Davenport. But . . . but, how . . . what happened to
you Ms. Davenport?"

The tall, wet, co-owner of the boutique took her dripping leather coat off
and handed it to Jenny while replying to her assistants question with a bit
disgust in her voice, "Christmas Jenny, Christmas is what happened to me."

And as Jenny exchanged a handful of messages for her boss's soggy coat,
Ms. Davenport turned and walk away to the elevator. Jenny could hear her
boss muttering to herself in the process. Something about getting even with
those two girls, before she was too far away to hear the rest of it.

Just as her boss passed through the opening doors Jenny came running up to
the elevator with quick mincing steps because of her tight leather skirt
and because she did not want to slip on her boss's dribbling trail left
there on the floor like bread crumbs.

"Oh Ms. Davenport! You told me to remind you when you got back that you
have only a day and half left before the party."

"Yes Jenny, that you Jenny." The cold wet dripping manager was trying her
best not to snap back at her assistant, for she knew Jenny was only doing
her job. But her current humiliating and angry condition was making it very
hard for her not too. So she quickly began reading the messages that Jenny
handed to her to quickly take her mind off Jenny.

"Oh, one more thing Ms. Davenport." Jenny said holding her boss's coat out
in front of her so as not to get wet from the water dripping.

"Where is your red leather hat?"

And as the doors of the elevator slowly closed, the last thing Jenny saw
was her boss staring at her. It was a very sober determined stare with one
of her eyebrows raised in a somewhat threatening pose as if to say 'Don't
push it Jenny!'.

Jenny jerked her head back in surprised. It was the first time she ever
seen such a look from her boss directed solely at her and it scared her.
But then she thought for a moment as to the cause of it and then wrote it
off as probably nothing that she caused. Besides, Jenny liked her boss, and
her job. And she thought her boss liked her and her performance in kind. So
she figured her boss was having just one of those days compounded ever so
much so with the lost of her favorite red hat.

Then Jenny went back to her duties as the assistant manager of this
wonderful boutique. That is after she called maintenance to clean up the
polished marble floor from all the water that her bossed dripped over it.
And, after sending out her boss's sopping wet leather coat and gloves to be
dry cleaned. Jenny was quite the efficient and conscientious assistant.
And one day she had hopes of taking over Ms. Davenport's position in
managing the most exclusive and prestigious boutiques in the entire city,
"Madame Rouso's Boutique".

Ms. Davenport took the elevator to the 4th floor were her private residence
was. It was just an apartment she used when she had to stay in the city for
business or for some special event. She continued to look through the
messages as the elevator doors opened and as she walked out into the
hallway and to the door of her abode. The vast majority of her messages
came from the same person. Something that caused her to sigh heavily.

As she entered her apartment she yelled out, "It's just me Auntie!" and
then she started to remove her expensive leather pumps that now squished
when she walked in them.

"Oh Judith, I didn't know you were coming back so... Oh my goodness!"
An old silver haired woman came walking slowly around the corner and into
the foyer of the apartment. She was wearing a long fluffy housecoat and a
matching pair of slippers. She looked like she was ready for a relaxing
night just before going to bed.

"I know, I know. Not to worry Auntie. I'm quite all right. Just a bit wet
that's all. Haaa CHUUU!"

"Oh course you are my dear. And on the verge of catching your death of cold
too I might add. So hurry up now and get out of those wet clothes and take
a nice hot shower. I'll have Fife make you some hot soup in the mean time."

"No, no soup Auntie. But maybe a hot cup of coffee would be nice. I still
have a lot of work to do today. And, . . . are you all right Auntie? It
seems to be a bit early for you to turn in." Judith was surprised with her
Aunt Margaret's retired condition. It was now her turn to show concern for
her dear Aunt. A role that was becoming more and more a dominant part in
her life now. And one she loved doing in gratitude for everything her Aunt
did for her when she was much younger.

When she was just a kid her parents were no where to be found. They were
either doing drugs, far out of town, or in the state's prison facilities.
It was a path that she too was well on her way in following if it wasn't
for her Aunt Margaret. She took her in when no one else wanted a rebellious
young teenager and trouble maker to boot. And once she was in her Aunt's
care, her Aunt set her on the straight and narrow all right and quick like.
It wasn't an easy task to say the least, but her Aunt persisted and never
gave up on her. Now it was her turn to be there for her Aunt when she
needed it, and to never give up on her. Which was another reason for having
an apartment in the city. It allowed her Aunt to live out her life in an
active community with a great variety of places to go, people to see and
things to do, all be it she seldom explored them any more.

"Now don't you go and worry about me girl! I was just feeling a little
tired and my arthritis was acting up that's all. Now you get your wet self
in that shower this minute and I'll get Fife to make you something to warm
your insides up when you get out. Now scoot!"

Judith simply rolled her eyes and headed for her bedroom. She knew arguing
with her Aunt was a useless cause. She also knew that her Aunt was right
too, as the second sneeze came out in full force just as she stepped into
her big bedroom. She quickly placed her messages and jewelry on her vanity
and headed for her bathroom.

It was a very stylist room with a high tray ceiling, expressive wall paper
and a soft marbled tiled floor that made the whole room feel warm and
elegant. In one corner was a large soothing whirlpool bath and in the
adjacent corner an equally relaxing large shower stall. Judith played a
major role in the entire room's design as well as it's decoration, of
which, she was very proud of her custom made shower fixture the most.

Judith had most of her clothes off by now as they laid haphazardly in many
piles on the floor leading up to the shower. She then grabbed the large
brass vertical handle of the wide glass door, pulled it open and reached in
to turn the water on. The valve was more like a push button than a lever,
which was exactly the way she designed it. It was far more creative this
way, mixing art and functionality, which by the way was a hobby with her.
Thus she found it immensely satisfying that in order to turn on the water
she had to push the remaining part of the brass colored dildoe all the way
up into the girl's pussy until it started to vibrate. For it was the
feedback from feeling the strong vibration that brought the biggest smile
to Judith's face. It let her know that the system was working just fine and
the flow of water was well on it's way. It also signaled the girl, the
recipient of having said dildoe forced deep up inside of her, to begin
using her well trained vagina muscles to hold on to the dildoe for however
long Judith demanded it so.

By now Judith was completely naked and desperately in need of that hot
shower as a cold chill caused her to shiver uncontrollably. But before she
took that eager step inside, she felt the water for temperature. No point
adding freezing water to a body all ready covered in goose bumps.

The gentle falling water was as she suspected, cold! So she immediately
grabbed the girl's left rubber clad breast, squeezed it hard and twisted it
counter clockwise for more hot water. The more she twisted the soft well
endowed orb the more hot water came flooding forth. And when the water had
reached a temperature that Judith though adequate, she jumped right in to
it's welcoming hot embrace.

Immediately the cold chill was washed from her body and the heat of the
water warmed her body from head to foot. It wasn't long before she had
become accustomed to the first level of hot water when she wanted more. So
again she grabbed the girl's projecting breast, with the noticeably erect
nipple, and twisted it in the direction for more soothing warmth. She
watched with growing pleasure as her well manicured red nails dug deep into
the subtle black covered flesh without a single worry of cutting into the
thin rubber based membrane that formed itself like a second skin around the
girl's proud breast.

Judith was very pleased with this latest method of regulating the water
temperature. It was very responsive, and very interactive. She always
thought that taking a shower should be a fun and pleasurable experience,
other than just getting clean. She did try other "interactive" methods, but
they all left her longing for something better. For example, there was the
four inch diameter brass rings that hung from the pierced base of each of
the girl's nipples. In order to get more or less water, all she had to do
was to pull down on the ring for more and pull up on the ring for less.
This technique met with her criteria and all, especially when she heard the
muffled squeal of the girl when she pulled on her tethered nipples a bit
too vigorously. But Judith didn't care for how it left the rest of the
girls breasts inattentive. And when she did try to "play" with the girls
breasts and nipples, which she enjoyed doing as much as some people liked
singing in the shower, it always seemed to change the temperature of the
water somehow. Which was definitely not a good thing.

Then she tried a mock analogy of a spoke wheel handle like on those old
fashion white bath fixtures. She had a band of metal surrounding each
breast in the middle, squeezing them until the girl's breast ballooned out
in front and behind it. Then she had several short fat spokes about the
size of her thumb projecting out from this ring all around the girl's
breasts. It was now a simple act to turn the spoke wheel, or handle, to the
left or right from it's resting position for more or less desired water. It
was very efficient and all, but it again lacked the ability for her to
satisfactory play with the girl's rubber clad breasts. The ballooned out
flesh made the poor girl's nipples practically disappear. And her soft
breast meat was so firm and tight that they felt more like bowling balls
than anything feminine and human. So this method too was rejected.

But now with this new methodology, it met with Judith's complete
satisfaction. The girl's rubber coated breasts were there in full view now
and completely unencumbered. Even her nipples were left unobstructed and
well define by the pliant membrane coating it. And having to firmly grasp
and twist the breast for the desire water temperature meant there would be
no more accidents with sudden water changes either. Judith could play with
the smooth black tactile fullness of the girl's proud femininity to her
hearts content. She then made a mental note to herself to put something
extra in the Christmas stockings of her inventive staff for bringing her
creative fantasy into enjoyable reality, just like they did with the rest
of her shower fixture.

That's how it all worked. When Judith had an interesting idea she would
present it to her staff of gifted doctors and engineers and they would work
their educated magic into bringing it to fruit. Of course there was the
time consuming development stage where she and her staff would have to try
a little of this and do some of that to make the overall concept work in
practicality. But often times that was the best part. Well, maybe not for
all concern, like for instance the girl being transformed at the time. But
then again once a girl agreed to take part in one of Judith's fantasy ideas
the ability to change her mind was basically null and void after that, just
like Ginger here.

When an opening was made available for a special project, Ginger couldn't
volunteer fast enough, as did the vast majority of the girls in the "Humans
as Resource Department". Judith let a rumor spread that it was much better
doing a short stink as a subject in one of her experiments then fulfilling
a much longer period of indenture servitude as a generic work unit of the
HRD. This way she gave the illusion that the girls had a choice with
regards to their fate in life while at the same time always having a
willing supply of girls to pick from. And when Ginger, who was known only
as number 62 back in the HRD, found out that her physical form met with the
posted requirements she immediately took the bait. It was only when she
learned the details of Judith's twisted mind that Ginger tried to back out
of the deal. But by then she was well on her way to becoming another living
breathing object of Ms. Davenport's evil desires. Or in this case, a shower
fixture.

Except for the breast temperature control system, Ginger's successful
transformation went fairly smoothly. The staff had already worked out the
overall transformation in detail, which meant all that needed to be done
was to implement it. And once a girl was labeled a "generic work unit" of
the HRD, she was all primed and ready for anything Judith could thing of,
or anyone else in her expanding operations for that matter.

A long time ago Judith thought that by having a pool of generic girl types
made available at a moments notice, she could save herself and her
operations a lot of time, money and energy. Otherwise she would have to
repeatedly squander away resources to bring a simple girl off the streets
up to a certain level just to begin with. Thus she created the department
called "Boot Camp". And it was the responsibility of those mangers and
doctors in said department to produce a standardized product for generic
use by anyone who needed one.

Therefore, to become a viable produce worthy of the label "generic work
unit" of the HRD, Boot Camp had to do the following to all the girls that
entered their service;

   1. She had to have all her body hair removed. Even her eyebrows and eye
      lashes must be gone. And her follicles had to be chemically treated
      so as to keep any hair from growing back for an extended period of
      time. The standard amount of time varied because it was based on the
      treatment used, but the minimum was no less than three months.

   2. Her body had to be healthy and in excellent physical shape. Which
      meant a strict diet high in protein and low in fat and sugar with
      very little variety as to taste or texture. A vigorous exercise plan
      was followed to the letter so her body mass could maintain the
      correct ratio of muscle to fat. The end product had to be
      representative of a young active woman at the height of her physical
      prose with a great degree of flexibility.

   3. Her general figure must be above average in feminine attractiveness.
      This required an aggressive training program in the wearing of tight
      constricting corsets and increasing higher heels. As well as other
      restrictive accouterments to train, mold and extenuate her normal
      female shape into the most voluptuous and sexually perceived creature
      possible, without surgery.

Boot Camp applied this criteria to all their recruits. To all the addicted
female drug users they could find on the edge of complete destruction. To
all those cheap seedy prostitutes ready to fuck anything for a mer couple
of bucks. To all those convicted criminals in women's prisons who were
looking for an easy way out without the least bit consideration for their
crime or victims, unbeknownst to them that Boot Camp and the HRD was
anything but "easy". Or to any number of women who were a detriment to
civil society, to their love ones or to themselves. These were the girls
that Boot Camp took in and transformed into Judith's idea of a generic work
unit.

Then after a girl server out a period of time in the HRD, she was then put
into a program to be reeducated and train as a competent member of society,
with a new healthy life style and a real future to look forward to. And by
volunteering for various "special" projects that new life, which dangled
before them on the end of a stick like a delicious carrot, was that much
closer to becoming reality for the girls. Those girls whom Judith gave a
second chance for a better life to. Obviously Judith's life before her Aunt
took her in made a distinct impression on her.

And as to why Judith pick Ginger over all the rest of the "off the shelf
units", the answer was a simple one. Even though each girl came out of the
cookie cutting Boot Camp the same way, each of them still retained some
basic feature that made them slightly different from all the rest. Some
were tall, some were short, some had unique ethnic attributes like skin
color, eye shapes and thin or full lips, and some simply had a little more
to start with than the others. Which was the case with number 62. She had a
little extra in the breast and nipple area that caught Judith's critical
excited eye. So when Judith selected generic work unit number 62 for her
shower fixture project, that's when 62 became known as Ginger once more.
Giving back a girl's name was Judith's way of adding a little incentive for
the girls to volunteer. Being called a name, their original name no less,
was far better than going through life as an indiscrete number any day. It
made the girls feel more human again. A feeling that was quickly stripped
away when they found out what Judith had planned for them.

It wasn't until Ginger was literally bound to a vertical superstructure
like a rigid flagpole, that she found her newly found humanity falling by
the way side. The superstructure was no more than a half inch thick and six
to ten inches wide, but it conformed to the natural flowing curve of her
spine, the back of her skull and the back of her legs as if it was molded
to her. Then a series of metal brass bands were used to fix her naked body
to this support as if she was physically one with this hard inflexible
object. Even her feet were sharply banded together and forced on point as
if they wanted her to look like a ballerina balancing sedately on the very
tips of her toes. Then one band in particular was really not a band of
metal at all, even though it held her to the support just the same. This
one looked much like an hour glass waist cinch that pulled her in at the
middle very tightly and then flared out above and below to meld with her
hips and ribs as if it were all part of her natural svelte female form.

But again, when it finally dawned on the girls that what they walked
blindly into was far worst for them as human beings than when they were
known only as a number in the HRD, it was much too late. In a blink of an
eye they were quickly transformed into Judith's latest creation. A
transformation that Judith would never ever miss in her life.

For Ginger that meant she was quickly surround by people doing all sorts of
nasty things to her. One person was forcing some kind of plastic cup device
deep into her mouth to keep it opened and her tongue pressed down. Another
was shoving tubes up her nose and then pushing a small wad of cotton in her
ears. A third told her to close her eyes while they were taped shut. And
finally three other people were unceremoniously moving her arms into a L-
shape and then forced them to stay like that with more brass bands around
yet another support. A support that was latched tightly to the main
superstructure post haste. And when they finished this attachment, Ginger's
upper arms were held close to her body while her lower arms stuck out in
front of her at right angles to her body.

Judith loved watching her well choreograph staff restraining, immobilizing
and turning an otherwise living breathing young woman into a carefully
crafted inanimate object of her own creation. But Ginger was a special test
case. In the past, a girl was first made to wear a full body covering
catsuit made from either rubber or latex before she was put into a specific
immobilized form. But Judith received something from one of Madame Rouso's
friends, a Dr. F. Stein, that promised to be better than either of those
materials in encapsulating Judith's new hybrid bathroom appliance.

It involved spraying Ginger with three thin coats of different chemical
mixtures. These three film like layers would literally act together to form
one resilient artificial skin while still maintaining the desired
characteristics of rubber and latex.

The first layer was pure white and would biochemically react with the skin
so as to be literally bonded to it at the molecular level. It took about an
hour to dry, but when it did, the skin felt very firm and plastic like and
the bond it made to the skin would soon break down and the film would then
start to peel off. That is why a second layer of another chemical mixture
was applied only a few minutes after the first layer was. This second layer
acted as a buffer to retard the chemical curing effect of the first layer
as well as act as a primer for the next layer to adhere to. The final third
layer was what made the overall labor intensive procedure worth the effort.
After this substance was sprayed on it quickly reacted with the primer and
was dry to the touch in a matter of minutes.  And once it dried, it had the
same flexibility and constricting nature like rubber did and It always
stayed shiny and silky smooth like high polished latex. It also could take
some very harsh treatment without it being ripped or stretched out of
shape, while still allowing the wearer the ability to feel the slightest
touch. It did all this as well as allowing the skin to breathe, which was a
real plus. For now the wearer of said artificial skin could keep in it for
however long they wanted, or however long Judith wanted it.  And it one
wanted it to be removed in part or in whole, all that needed to be done was
to use a secrete solvent, compliments of Dr. Stein, and volia!

Thus, when Ginger was taken from the spray booth she looked like a perfect
ebony statue all bright and shiny like high polished marble. So excited was
Judith in seeing her fantasy becoming reality that she unconsciously began
fingering the buttons on her blouse in anxious anticipation of taking that
first shower with her new shower fixture. But a few more things needed to
be done. Like to replace the black membrane that was covering her eyes with
a pair of clear plastic goggle like ones for Ginger to look through. Then
there were the water control systems, not to mention the method for
mounting the new shower fixture in the shower stall itself. But all these
little pesky nuances didn't concern Judith. She just wanted her shower
fixture installed and working, just like any normal human being. And when
Ginger was installed, Judith took the longest shower she had ever had. She
enjoyed herself so much that when she left the shower her skin looked like
an old wrinkled prune. But never-the-less, it was well worth it. And it has
been so ever since the last modification to the water regulation system.
Which was over a week ago.

Judith took the large soft sponge from the tray that was resting on
Ginger's out stretch arms. Then she removed the fragrant bar of rich
lanolin soap from the soap dish and began lathering up her sponge with it.
She then placed the soap bar back on it's dish, which was now Ginger's over
stretched wide rubber coated mouth. The plastic cup that was initially
forced inside her mouth was necessary to form the tall, wide and deep well
like opening for any desired bar of soap that Judith might use. It also
prevented the triple layer skin coating concoction from being sprayed down
her throat, which in turn prevented any soapy water from running down the
same path when it dried.

Judith sure loved taking a shower now. And many a time she had to force
herself to stop playing with her fixture and exit said water stall just so
she wouldn't miss a meeting or turn into a prune again. But it was so hard
not to spend the extra time in squeezing such ripen black breasts and
plucking those two erect perky nipples that laid so beckoning before her.
Or playful and repeatedly gliding her hands and fingers up and down the
silky enhanced feminine silhouette that stood rigid as a rail on tippy toes
until she finally brought them to rest over that beautiful rubber clad
vibrating pussy. A pussy and love button she so enjoyed teasing with more
pussy loving stimulation that a simple buzzing dildoe alone just could not
do. She knew it was hard for Ginger to hold on to that vibrating monster
deep inside of her without letting go while in the thrones of a mind
blowing orgasm. And Judith loved playing the villainous tease in trying to
get her to do just that. An action that would immediately turn off the
water and earn Ginger more time as said shower fixture. Thus it became a
battle of wills. The overpowering need for Ginger not to give in to the
desires of the flesh were as great as Judith's desire to keep Ginger just
like she was, for as long as she could. Who would win?

As the battle of wills raged on in one arena, a decision was reached in
another. Two young women decided to leave the charming Christmas like
atmosphere of a local bar. A beautiful and sexy red head, who was a bit
tipsy, and her equally great looking and slightly more inebriated long
brown hair companion who was wearing a very presumptuous red leather hat.
The two were happily singing the ending to the "Frosty the Snowman" song, a
bit ahead of the rest of the bar's patron's, as they exited the bar via the
decorated thick wooden door. When they finished the song they both took
deep breaths and inhaled the cold refreshing air of the star lit night.

"Oh that was great! It's been a long time since I met so many wonderful and
happy people. Right Heidi?"

"Yep!" Heidi had her arms extended way out to her side with her head tilted
back and looking up at the stars.

Katie was visibly questioning her friends unusual stance and staring
direction. Then she started to look up at the sky too, to try and find what
her friend was looking at. But she just didn't see it. So she stood behind
her friend, extended her arms out like she was and began looking up in the
same place. Then after awhile of complete frustration she asked her friend,

"So. What's you looking at Heidi?"

"Don't you see it Katie?" Heidi asked with strong confidence.

"Nope!" Katie answered back imitating her friends former short answer.

"It's right there, next to the full moon" she responded causally and using
her right arm and finger to point it out.

Katie looked long and hard and still could not see it. "No! I can't see
anything." She answered back with a bit of a strain in her voice.

"Well good grief girl, I though everyone could see Christmas on a night
like this."

The two girls looked at one another for a minute before busting up into
laughter.

"Why you little slut! I should make a snow ball and . . ." Right then Katie
picked up some snow in her hands, but Heidi began to scream and yelled 'NO!
Not again!' and then ran down the block. That's when Katie ran after her
accidentally dropping her snow ball in the process.

It wasn't until they were on the next block when Heidi's new red leather
hat blew off her head from a gust of wind to which Katie quickly picked it
up and put it on her own head.

"Hey! That's mine" Heidi said with the power of her convictions in her
voice.

"WAS your's my dear. Now it's now mine" replied Katie with an air of
pompous snobbery.

"Oh yea, how you figure?"

"Well, you got it when it "fell" off the head of that lady and then claimed
it as your own when you picked it up and ran with it. So I claim it under
the same law."

"Which is?"

"Finders keepers, losers weepers"

"Oh for cripes sake! I never said that. What I DID say was that it looked
better on me than you." And with that Heidi plucked the red hat from
Katie's head and quickly put it back on her own.

"Well!" Katie said with her arms on her hips in direct dismay of her
friends forceful advance. "Then you can have it! I really don't need it
since I have no need to cover up my mousy brown stringy hair like you do."
And then Katie folded her arms across her chest in mock defiance.

Heidi was about to retort back, but then it started to snow again, which
reminded her of greatest time of the year. A time she wanted to celebrate
with her best friend. So she took off the hat and handed it back to Katie.

Katie took it abruptly from Heidi hands, played with it's brim for a while
and then put it right back on her friends head and said with a smile on her
face "Merry Christmas Heidi".

Heidi too formed a smile and took her friend in her arms giving her a big
hug while whispering "Merry Christmas to you too my friend" in Katie's ear.

The two then broke their hug and began walking down the block again, all
giggles and happy smiles.

All of a sudden Heidi stopped in her tracks with a bug eye surprised look
on her face.

Katie had continued to walk on a few paces before noticing that her friend
was no longer at her side. That's when she turned and seen her friend
looking into a store window in an almost zombie like state. She walked back
to her friend and looked through the same window except Katie was not as
taken as was her friend Heidi.

"It's nice isn't it?" Katie said in a nonchalant tone.

"NICE?" Heidi replied forcefully. "It's down right gorgeous! I just have to
have it!"

"Oh? And how shall you be paying for that Miss? Cash, check, credit card,
your first born!" Katie was mocking her in hopes that reality of her funds
situation would bring her back from her Cinderella like fantasy. That
wonderful dress she was ogling in the window was far beyond her credit
means, let alone her tapped out bank account.

"Come on Katie, let's go inside." Heidi abruptly took her friends hand and
began pulling her to the glass doors until Katie jerked her hand away.

"Are you nuts Heidi? Look at this place! This isn't for us peasants. It's
for the social elite, lawyers, drug dealers and all the other unsavory
people of society with more money than they know what to do with. Once they
see us going in there, they're liable to throw us out on our . . ." Katie's
voice slowly tapered down until only her lips could be seen moving. Then
she too took on that look of a poor kid looking into a toy store window at
all the great and wonderful toys and lusting over each and every one.
Except for Katie it was a fantastic red silk blouse with long sleeves and
bare shoulders. It was something that she was looking for several weeks
now. Something special that would go along with her long black leather
skirt with the slit up the side.

When Heidi seen what Katie was looking at, she just smiled. Her friend was
in the same lack of money boat that she was, but it didn't matter right
then. A combination of it being Christmas and the two of them still feeling
the high of their last couple of hot toddies at the bar made their normal
inhibitions of this fancy boutique disappear. So again Heidi took her
friend's hand and this time they both walked through the glass doors and
into the marble floor lobby of this exquisite boutique.

About then Judith was finishing toweling herself dry in her shower. She was
all smiles and those once cold goose bumps were a thing of the pass now.
When she was about to step out, she took the end of the towel and gently
wiped away the water droplets sticking to the clear plastic on her human
shower fixture's eye covering.

"There you Ginger. Now you can see perfectly. Oh, since you seem to have
lost again my dear, you know what that means."

A faint lingering depressing moan could be heard from behind the soap dish.

"Now, now, now my sweet black shower fountain. You know the deal. Failure
to hold back an orgasm means another day in my shower stall. Besides, you
seem to be cuming more and more easily these last few times. Which makes me
believe you like being the water object of my affections."

This time a strong hard grunt was heard as if in direct opposition to
Judith's smiling teasing observation.

Judith placed her towel on the shelf that Ginger was being forced to hold
up in front of her and then gently patted the girls left breast. She
lingered for a couple of seconds as if in trying to decide to do it or not.
Then she decided to do it. She took the pair of beautiful rubber clad
nipples between her fingers and thumbs, and pinched them until she heard a
sharp little squeal before letting go. She quickly exited the shower with a
little laughter in her voice.

Judith put her robe on and in so doing she noticed that all her wet soggy
clothes had been picked up and taken away. Even the floor was clean from
any water left from her discarded clothes. She smiled to herself thinking
that Fife was jolly on the spot again and she was working out quite well as
her house maid. No doubt a large part due to the critical eye of her Aunt.

She picked up a new towel and began using it to dry her hair while she
walked back to her bedroom. There she saw her Aunt sitting on her bed
waiting for her to come in.

"There is a cup of hot tea for you Judith on your vanity. Fife brought it
in just a minute ago."

"Thank you Aunty." Judith then sat down on her chair in front of her vanity
while she continued to dry her hair.

"Here my dear, let me do that while you drink your tea." Margaret slowly
rose from her sitting position and then walked over to her dear niece and
began rubbing her hair with the towel.

Judith took the cup of tea by the handle and took a sip. It was good and
hot. And tasty too, what with a shot cinnamon flavored Snoops in it. She
then placed the cup back down and sat before her vanity. Each hand slowly
moving to opposite ends of her stool. A stool made from the body of another
volunteer from the HRD.

The girl was Hispanic and named Rosa. They picked her up after giving a guy
a blow job in a filthy ally. She was one of those cheap prostitutes in the
less affluent part of town. When the doctors found that she didn't harbor
anything that couldn't be cured with an ample amount of antibiotic, they
drafted her into Boot Camp. Of course it was against her will. But that
didn't matter, at least not to Judith. She thought she was doing a good
deed, getting these poor wretched women back into good health and making
them a viable member of society once more. So what if she took them down a
detour for awhile. It was only fair to her, in recompense that is. And
considering the quality of her staff in Boot Camp, a girl soon found it
better to submit then to rebel in short order, like her Rosa here.

Rosa was a result of the old process of wearing fetish clothes instead of
having it sprayed on. She was made to put on a white latex catsuit, to
match the rest of Judith's expensive vanity. It covered her completely
except for her breasts, butt cheeks and crotch, as well as her nostrils and
eyes. Her ears were plugged with some sound absorbing spongy cones to
prevent her from hearing anything important while in the service of Ms.
Davenport's bedroom. And her mouth was filed with a thick skinned
inflatable bladder type gag in order to sequester any sounds she might
make. Her white shiny suit was very tight and made to her exacting modified
proportions. Thus her head shown all the features of her lovely face
including the well defined outline of her well stuffed mouth.

After the catsuit, Rosa was told to get on all fours to which various white
leather bondage gear was quickly added. Her hands had been reduced to
nothing but pods, which gave her a firm footing for her upper body to rest
on. Two long white leather split tubes, reinforced with steel ribs, were
placed around her arms and laced up tightly. They caused her to keep her
arms straight and unbending like stone pillars.

A white painted metal "X" was placed under her with it's ends fastened to
her wrists and a strap just above her knees. The purpose of a chair, or a
human stool, was to stay in one place where one wanted it. Which was the
reason for the "X" brace. Now Rosa could not scurry about of her own free
will.

To keep Rosa's lower legs from being a tripping hazard, Judith had her
lower legs, just above the ankle, strapped up tightly to her upper thigh
until Rosa's bare heels dug deeply into her naked butt cheeks. Rosa's feet
were about the only body part she could move around freely, since her head
was made immobile by a thick white leather neck corset and chin support
that kept her head up like an attentive dog. But there was a reason for
this. For now Judith could play with her stool's feet whenever she sat at
her vanity.

Again Judith loved to taunt her capture prey. And for Rosa that meant
having her feet tickled. That was the main reason Judith picked Rosa in the
first place. Of course she needed a small girl to start with for her stool,
which Rosa was. And this time her breasts and nipple size was not very
important, as Rosa was slightly n the undersize in this respect. But what
Judith really needed the most, was for the girl to be ticklish. This way,
as she sat at her vanity putting on her makeup or doing her nails or hair,
she could always take a leisurely minute or two and lightly tickle the
bottom of the girl's feet.

At first Rosa would try to move her feet every which way to avoid from
being tickled, which made Judith's heart sing with joy and laughter. But
then she would buck Judith around like some wild mustang in the process of
being broken. Now being jostled around didn't really bother Judith until it
got way out of hand to which she almost fell of a couple of times. That's
when a few adjustments needed to be made.

First off, riding bare back was not all that comfortable for Judith's
sensitive derriere. So she had a padded seat integrated into a tight white
corset and the whole ensemble attached to Rosa's waist extra tight with the
laces in the front. This gave Judith a firm and comfortable place to sit
now.

Next, she had Rosa's nipples and pussy lips pierced and ringed. Then she
had a special elastic tether connecting each of them to a hook added to the
intersection of the metal "X" frame. The elastic had to have just the right
amount of stretch so when Rosa's was still as a frog on a lily pad, her
nipples and pussy lips would have only a minor pull on them. Something that
took Rosa a little time to get use too. But if Rosa began to buck around,
which she could not help doing sometimes, the elastic would give a little
so as to not severely damage her nipples while still reminding her that
bouncing around like a bucking bronco was definitely a no no. So Judith
could once more take great pleasure in seeing her vanity stool's feet go
wild and crazy at her devilish ticklish ways while also feeling a little
jostle now and then knowing full well that Rosa was automatically being
reined in under full biting control of her nipples and pussy lips in short
order.

But today Judith was a bit preoccupied with all those messages. So while
her Aunt began fixing and styling her hair, Judith was absentmindedly
rubbing her stool's shiny white latex clad bald head with one hand while
pushing it's ever present dildoe in and out of it's pussy with the other.
Just like some people work off nervous tension by tapping the top of a
table with their fingers.

"What wrong Judith? Is it the messages?" Her Aunt could see it in her
nieces eyes as they stared deeply into the mirror like in a trance.

Judith closed her eyes and sighed in exasperation. "Yes Aunty. And you know
what my problem is. I just don't know how to solve it that's all."

Margaret stopped working on Judith's hair and looked at her niece's
reflection with perplexing eyes. Then she said only one word "Problem?"

It was a question all right, but one said in a tone that seemed just the
opposite. As if there were no problems.

"Yes Problem!" Now Judith looked straight into her aunts eyes via the
mirror and reaffirmed what her Aunt somehow did not see.

"You listen to me girl!" Her Aunt went back to fixing Judith's hair, but
this time with a noted ruffness to it. An action that Judith sat and took,
but relayed her perturbed state to her stool by digging her nails into the
latex material of Rosa's head and forcing the dildoe deep into Rosa's pussy
actually trying to push the dildoe pass the point where it bottomed out.

"You owe a lot to Madame Rouso and you know it!" Margaret pulled hard on
one lot of her niece's hair causing Judith to squint in pain and jerk her
leg under the stool. An action that nudged the "X" frame a little and
caused Rosa to buck from having her taught ringed nipples and pussy lips
pulled hard down upon. Just the reverse series of events that the system
was designed for.

"You know Madame Rouso was the only one who believed in you when no one
else did and that includes the boutique too. Land sakes girl! Who do you
think did all that politicking to get you those prison girls, and all those
connections in Europe, and Asia and all over the world for you to wheel and
deal your kinky interests? Not to mention the seed money to bring your
ideas to flower in the boutique. Do you think you and me, and yes I include
myself too, would be here if it wasn't for her? We both owe her girl."

Judith had enough of the hair pulling and the lecture. So she pulled
herself away from under her Aunt's thumb and stood up and faced her.
Something that the deft Rosa felt totally relied in her doing.

"I know Aunt Margaret! I know! But it's not like she didn't gain from my
ideas and hard work either. The boutique is making money hand over fist
while I do the vast majority of the work. And she, and YOU I might add,
have the same kinky interest that I do. To which I have made it more
excitable, and "profitable", for all concerned as well." Judith saw her
Aunt bow her head on that last one as if she regretted it somehow. And when
Judith seen that she took a minute to change her confrontational stance and
took on a more compassionate one as she walked up to her now sitting Aunt
on the bed and sat next to her, putting her arm around her and holding her
close.

"I know I owe her Aunty just like I owe you, I just don't see how I can
give her what she wants right now. You know how booked up I am. And you
know how hard I work to get everything done for her and us. And I think she
will understand if I don't come through for her just this once. Believe me,
there are days when I literally know what it's like being the head elf in
Santa's workshop on the day before Christmas." They both started to smile
and chuckle faintly with that last comment.

"But Judith, you don't understand. It's not about squaring up a ledger
account like some bookkeeper. It's about being part of a family and coming
through when someone in that family needs your help. Maybe it's hard for
you to feel this way, given your life as a child. But it doesn't matter how
much business or profits you loose in the process. All that matters is that
you come through for those who "really" count in the end. And Madame Rouso
is one of them. So if you have to bend over backwards give Madame Rouso
what she wants, then you do it. And just remember this, Madame is one to
never forget a good deed done for her, as well as any want not granted.
Like it or not Judith, you are part of the Madame Rouso empire. Besides,
who knows, one day it may be all yours." Now it was Margaret's turn to put
her arm around her niece and hold her close.

Judith heard her Aunts words and the meaning behind them with upmost
clarity. That is why she needed the physical consolation that her Aunt was
now giving her. She had lost sigh of the forest because of the trees and it
took her Aunt's wisdom and panoramic vision to put things back into
perspective.

"Your right Aunty. Your right. I will give all due consideration to
fulfilling Madame Rouso's request. I just need to do some fancy juggling
with what I have that's all. I don't know what would I do without you
Aunty." Judith hugged her wise old Aunt tightly and Margaret returned the
loving gesture in kind.

"Well I have to get myself ready. I have a lot of work to do now." And with
that, Judith sat herself back down on her stool with enough force to jostle
it a bit. An action that once more caused Rosa's eyes to squint shut with
pain.

"I'll get Fife to lay out a new outfit for you. How about a blouse and a
pair of slacks?" Margaret slowly stood up from the bed, her arthritis was
acting up again.

"Sure Aunty, maybe the silk red one and the black leather pants, not the
tight ones though. Oh, by the way, how's Fife doing" Judith asked as she
began putting on her makeup.

"Oh just like all the Fife's that have gone before her. Very eager to
please."

Judith gave a half smile just before she was about to put on her red
lipstick. Her Aunt knew what she meant, and that's how her Aunt tried to
dodge the question.

"Yes I can see that too, but how do you mean it? Is she eager to please
because that is what she want's to do for the rest of her life, as in a
natural submissive? Or is she only doing it because she wants to go to the
next step and be trained for a career out in the real world? The reason I'm
asking Aunty is that you have a very good record in telling which way a
girl is going that's all."

"Well dear, it's still a bit early. She does appear to be a natural though,
but yet, she does have some hard times now and then. I'm just not sure yet.
Maybe in a few more days I know for sure. It's a big decision as to whether
a girl should be trained for autonomy and independence in the real world or
to be sold off at auction to some rich blue blood for their personal kinky
pleasure. It would help if I knew if she was a lesbian to start out with.
If she wasn't then it would explain a lot."

Judith was dabbing her lips with a tissue to remove the excess lipstick
while watching her Aunt with concern eyes as she slowly maneuvered to the
other side of the bed. "Very well Aunty. I'll get back to you with that
information as soon as possible."

At that point Fife came mincing into the bedroom. She looked exactly like a
French maid, or a child's doll representation there of. She was wearing an
all black rubber catsuit underneath a red latex maids outfit. Margaret had
Fife wear a red one to keep in the spirit of the season, otherwise it would
have been in the customary shiny black color. The outfit had a very form
fitting bodice that readily showed off her pierced and ringed nipples under
it. Her full flouncing skirt seem to flow in waves of adorable crinkling
and crackling sounds as she moved about. And both top and bottom parts of
her uniform, separated by a lovely cristine white latex apron, were trimmed
in dainty white latex lace.

But the conversion of the flesh and blood girl under all that rubber and
latex did not end there. Her whole head was completely cover with no less
than three separate tight rubber hoods. With the only openings in common
for each was two small holes for her to breathe through via her nose. The
last hood had integrated into it a flesh colored oval around the face area
that gave her that semi-real doll like look. Her eyes and brows were
painted on so as to appear full, bright and expressive with two small holes
the size of an iris right in the middle of each. These holes allowed the
girl to see through, that is, once her sight transversed the clear plastic
lenses of the second hood. The face was also made up with big smiling red
lips. It was necessary that they be big, fat and smiling from ear to ear to
cover up the girl's all ready fully packed and tightly wrapped lower face
that now gave her that long in the jaw look after the second hood was
stretched into place over the first. And last but not least, was the
addition of a pair of rosy cheeks to give her that happy, healthy, glad to
be alive flawless plastic doll like look.

To finish off the girl's artificial appearance, a mock pageboy blonde wig
made from obviously synthetic hair was glued to the top of her rubber clad
bald head. But instead of a lacy white maids cap, that all french maids
wore, Fife had on a celebrated Christmas hat. A red cone shaped hat with
white artificial fur trim around the base and a big white fuzz ball at the
point.

Judith made sure that all the girls who were made to play the role of Fife
the French Maid had the same pleasant doll like look. The only difference
was in their gagging methods. Some had a quick release gag so their mouths
and expert tongues could be used at the drop of a hat or when that special
itch in the crotch became too much. While others, like Fife, had a more
elaborate and more intense system of gaging that incorporated the use of
multi-hoods. But being a maid was not one of Judith's personal projects
where a girl could volunteer for it. There were far to many departments and
people in need of them. In fact, a good thirty percent of the generic work
units of the HRD were fulfilling roles as French maids somewhere in and out
of her sphere of operations at any given time. Each day a set number of
girls were rotated for said role, which meant every girl had to be
thoroughly trained to respond as a maid before they left Boot Camp. A
little bit of free software to go along with the all ready altered hardware
that Boot Camp was responsible for creating when a girl was moved on to the
HRD.

When Fife came to a stop, she took on the position of righteous prim and
proper maid waiting for her next order. Her legs came together and held
perfectly straight with her five inch polished heels side by side with the
standard prescribed gap of one half inch separating them. Her hands went
behind her back, crossed at the wrist and rested sedately against the small
of her back just above the big white bow made from her apron strings. And
her torso with it's tightly cinched in waist was arched slight forward so
as to present her impressive breasts to their maximum visual and, if one
wanted, tactile benefit.

"Fife" Margaret said in a clear audible voice so as to pass through the
three layers of rubber that cover Fife's ears. To which Fife instinctively
turned her whole body in the direction of the voice making sure she was
still standing in the same obedient pose that a maid is always in at rest.

"did you pick up all of Ms. Davenport's clothes in the bathroom?"

Fife moved her head up, down, and back up again in a very exaggerated and
jerky nod of confirmation that bordered on being very robot like. And then
she did a quick little curtsey.

"Did you see to their proper care my dear?"

Again Fife responded in the same automaton like affirmation culminating
with another that adorable little curtsey.

"Very good. Now follow me dear to Ms. Davenport's closet. I need to pick
out a new outfit for her to were today and you can put it on the bed for
her."

Fife preformed a much deeper curtsey just like she was trained to do when
she was to move from one spot to another. She also waited for Mistress
Margaret to pass slowly by before following her taking small mincing steps
so as not to loose the dildoe that she kept tightly pulled in to her naked
pussy that the rubber catsuit was designed not to cover.

Judith watched the entire process through the mirror with a big grin on her
face. Fefi was the epittame of a well trained maid, to which Judith was
very proud to see. She also seen that the actual girl hidden under all that
fetish wear for the past week was definitely a natural submissive.
Sometimes, when a girl was inline for the next step that leads to a full
robust life in society, she really wasn't ready yet. Some girls just can
not handle a life of independence and freedom. These girls are what she and
her Aunt call natural submissives. And these natural submissives needed to
be taken care of for the rest of their lives or else they would lapse back
into their old ways again if left to their own accord.

So whenever there was a question as to which way a girl was to go, Judith
made her a maid for her Aunt and herself until they could tell for sure.
And as she said before, her Aunt was very good at it. But her Aunt also had
a habit of getting to close to the girl at the same time. Especially when
the girl was really good at pleasing her in "all" ways possible. But then
again, all the girls from Boot Camp were trained to do that for both sexes.
So her Aunt's indecision was really an unconscious act to prevent the
inedible.

Judith watched in the mirror as Fife took great care in laying the red silk
blouse down on the bed. Taking the extra effort to see that it was not
folded or wrinkled. Spreading the long sleeves out to the sides so her
Mistress could see how nice it looked lying there. Then making a final
adjustment to make sure it was completely perfect and ready for her
Mistress to wear. This intent dedication to performance and endearing
loyalty to her Mistress went far and beyond her training as a maid. These
added little touches reflect pride in who she is and what is expected of
her. These are the characteristics of a natural submissive. And one who
Judith will be auctioning off in a couple of days once her Aunt came to
grips with loosing her fetish loving slave girl.

But then again, there already was one waiting in the wings to take her
place right now. And then another one after her, and yet another, and so
on, and so forth. Judith surmised that after a girl entered Boot Camp she
had about a seventy percent chance of ultimately being labeled a natural
submissive and winding up on the auction block. She paused to ponder what
the reason might be as to why the number was so high. Was it the selection
process? Picking the bottom feeders of society as it were. Could these
types of women reflect a submissive lifestyle that has yet gone
unfulfilled? Was it her program in general? Was she in fact somehow
brainwashing these women into becoming, and accepting, the life of a slave,
an owned piece of property of another? Or was it simply the basic nature of
women in general to be submissive? While people, women, like her, where the
exception to the rule. Then her pagger went off.

Judith picked it up and seen the number. "Chester" Judith exclaimed with a
lingering questioning tone in her voice. She then tossed the pager off to
the side and stared into the mirror with a sigh.

"Well girl" she said to herself "when it rains, it pours. Time to get
yourself back together and go see what security wants." And then she left
her human piece of furniture without giving it her usual loving parting
caress. But then she had many things on her mind with the most important
one, thanks to her Aunt, was trying to figure out how to give Madame Rouso
what she wanted.

It only took a few minutes to be her old impeccably dressed self again. She
liked the blood red blouse. The way it hung on her feminine but strong
shoulders and the way the silk felt on her soft naked skin, and nipples,
underneath. And she liked the pants too. The demure leather sheen that
complemented her bold colored blouse perfectly. The low heels were a must
now. Too many places to be at one time and she didn't need the ache in her
feet to remind her how long her day and evening was going to be.

She was on the main floor now and walking down a long hallway that was off
limits to customers and most of her staff. When she got to the black metal
door with the TV camera mounted above it with it's never blinking one eye,
she knocked on the door. A couple of seconds later she heard a buzzing
sound that signaled for her to enter.

As she walked pass the threshold and into the room, the heavy metal door
closing on it's own, she was met with a dim lit room full with monitors. An
old but in shape security guard dressed in his white shirt uniform was
sitting behind a control desk occasionally monitoring the monitors.

"All right Chester what's it today." Judith said in a lack luster voice as
she put one hand on the man's strong wide shoulder and gently squeezed it
with warmth.

"Another case of shoplifting I'm afraid Ms. Davenport. Here's the dossier
on these pair." Then he handed a folder to Ms. Davenport. Chester had the
right mixture of professionalism and casual familiarity. He was doing this
for a long time and he knew when to play it cool and when not to. And those
were two good reasons why Judith liked him as her security chief so much.

"Two this time! My word Chester, either our Christmas sales gimmick is
bringing in more rift raft than we had planned or our normal clientele is
definitely getting hit hard by the down economy." Judith took the folder
from Chester's outstretch hand and opened it. She then began reading to
herself what was on it.

A few minutes went buy before Chester asked "Should I call the police now
Ms. Davenport?" There was a bit of hesitation in his voice. He knew the
boutique had a strict policy regarding prosecuting shoplifters. And
normally he would have called the police all ready. But he knew Judith even
more than the long list of company rules and he just wanted to make sure
first.

"Ohhh, I don't know. Their just two average girls, college girls no less
and without priors. There both in their junior year too. One is studying to
be a health care worker and the other a computer programer. Heaven knows
society can sure use more women in each. There names don't ring a bell as
to someone I might know though. No, don't call the police Chester. I'll
give them the riot act and let them go. Besides, it will help me get into
the Christmas spirit and all. Who actually caught them?"

"It was Jenny Ma'am."

"Jenny!" Judith said with surprise. "My word that girl is sure one power
house."

"And very dependable too Ma'am." Chester believed in giving credit where
credit was due. Another attribute that Judith liked in all her employees.

"That too as was as loyal, and conscientious, and critical, and so on, and
so on. I sure locked out in getting her into the corporation."

"I think so too Ma'am."

"And I believe in rewarding such people too. So just between me and you
Chester, I think Jenny is going to get something REALLY nice for Christmas
this year. Something may result in you seeing more and more of her and less
and less of me."

Chester turned in his swivel chair and looked right up and into Judith's
happy hazel eyes. "You mean ..."

"Shushhh now. It's just between you and me Chester. I have too many things
going on above and below ground to take of them all. And the things going
on in the basement interest me more than what to do with shoplifters.
Besides, I am going to have to increase security pretty soon and I want you
my dear loyal friend to not only handle the increase work load, but become
the man in charge too. In short I will be promoting you too right after the
new year along with Jenny."

Chester was noticeably surprised as his eyes widen and seem to be the
brightest thing in the room.

"Ms. Davenport, I . . . I, I don't know what to ..."

"Never mind. You earned it my friend. So have a very Merry Christmas
Chester." Judith patted Chester's shoulder before leaving

"You too Ms. Davenport, have a very Merry Christmas too. And Thank You!"
Chester all most yelled out as he quickly pushed the button to the door
allowing his boss to leave the security bunker.

Once out in the hallway, she began to continue walking down the long
corridor. All of a sudden she started murmuring the words to "Here Comes
Santa Claus" to herself while she leisurely walk on. When she came to
another metal door, this one painted a dark green, she took out a card the
size of a credit card from her pants pocket. She took a moment to put
herself in the correct mood to play the bad old manager with an angry look
on her face. Then she ran the card through the electronic door lock. When
she heard the hard metal click of a lock being opened she turned the knob
and opened the door.

When she walked in she was all ready to give the coed thieves a stare that
would cause spiked eggnog to freeze, but something happened.

The first thing she saw was something on the head of one of the girls. It
was a hat. A red hat. A red "leather" hat. Her hat!

When mindful recognition followed what her eyes saw, her eyes wandered on
down to the faces of the two girls. Then her sour puss grimace that was
positively grinch like, turned into the most celebrated expression of yule
time cheer and happiness that she could ever possibly put forth. And in a
whisper that only she and the spirit of Christmas could hear she said,
"Thank you Santa Claus, their just what I wanted for Christmas."


---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 2 coming soon

Will Judith be able to play Santa Claus and give her matriarch what she
needed? And what exactly was Madame Rouso so anxious in getting from
Judith anywho?

Stay tune!




This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.




                           "'Tis the Season"


                  The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia"


                               by Musker



                               (part 2)

                        "It's a Wonderful Life"


The surprised gleaming smile on Judith's face was met with a shocking
gloomy scowl on the faces of Heidi and Katie. The recognition process of
who was who was instantaneous for both parties. Even the lingering effect
of said discovery was the same for all. The only difference was that Judith
felt like old Scrooge when he discovered the true meaning behind Christmas
where as Heidi and Katie felt as if they found their stockings, mounted on
the chimney with care, were filled with black dirty coal.

"Well, well, well, what do we have here" Judith asked in a voice that was
positively dripping with jubilation even though she tried her darndest not
to show it. She swung the door closed behind her not daring to take her
eyes off the wonderful vision before her in fear that it might be only a
monetary illusion. A trick her mind and kinky desires were playing upon her
former stressed out condition.

Then she slowly walked over to a large metal desk that sat right in front
of the two sitting and squirming girls. Her gate, her body language, her
entire aura of being had that delicious, unhurried, dominating, evil
connotation. Something that the two girls were unconsciously picking up as
they became even more agitated when this once unbeknownst middle age woman
sat down behind the formidable desk before them.

Judith just sat their staring at the girls. Her arms carefully placed on
top of the desk with her fingers gently interweaved between one another.
Her posture was formal, with a straight spine, shoulders back and head up.
She looked like a well dressed school teacher at her desk, all ready and
well prepared for the day's lessons.

On the other hand, Heidi and Katie looked like something the cat dragged
in. Their clothes were rumbled, wrinkled and still wet in some places from
the snow ball fight they had earlier. They smelled of cigarets and liquor
from the bar. And they had the nervous twitching behavior of two naughty
girls who forgot to do their homework and came to class totally unprepared.

Then Judith made the first move. It was one of passivity, but never the
less, full of strong meaning. She simply stared at the red leather hat,
still sitting on the girl's head, with a look of simmering rage.

It took only a couple of seconds before each girl showed the corresponding
fear that came from being on the receiving end of such a look. A look
unlike that of a mad bull ready to charge at them, especially Heidi. For it
was her who was brandishing said red object of increasing taunting wrath in
front of the crazed eyed animal, with the excellent posture.

It was Katie that nudged Heidi a couple times and then had to whisper to
her before she got the point of taking off the red hat.

Heidi quickly removed the hat and then, very coyly, placed it on the metal
desk before the woman whose eyes never left sight of the object in
question. When Heidi was back in her chair, she reached for her friend's
hand and found it to be just as nervous and sweating as her own.

Judith simply stared at her hat that rested in front of her like a lump. It
was no longer the hat she once knew and loved. It was now crinkled,
stretched out, blocky and even had a couple dirty smudges here and there.
Her expression changed as a result of looking long and hard at it. She
seemed a bit sad now. As if she lost something that was once pure, fine and
dear to her heart.

Then she looked up at the two girls, the reason behind her sadness. Once
more her expression changed, but it was strange. For now she had that look
of joy on her face again, as if she was just given a lovely gift or
something that meant an awful lot to her. But the girls could swear that in
watching the middle age woman's expression change from sad to elation, they
though they seen it pass through one more that looked just like the devil
incarnate.

"All right Ladies, since I am a very busy woman with little time to spend
on the likes of YOU TWO" Judith made a very audible and visual notation
with her eyes on those last two words, "this is how it is going to work."
Judith paused for a few seconds letting her words and tone meander about in
the minds and perceived frighten souls of the two "gifts" in front of her.
Gifts that were not quite hers, not yet at least.

"Normally, what we do with SHOPLIFTERS is to prosecute them to the fullest
extent of the law, which means jail time!" Already Judith could see the two
girls emotions rising to another level anxiety, to which she felt an extra
little jolt of pleasure to her own well controlled demure.

"But, since it is Christmas time, I will offer you two a deal." Again she
paused and watched the effect her words had on the two girls. This time she
could see it in their eyes. That small ray of hope that shined like high
polished glass. She always like seeing that in her prey, that is before she
wrapped them up in her spider's silken threads of conniving deceit.

"There is a special elitist party this Saturday night and I need two . . ."
Judith paused again trying to think of the right word so as not to scare
the girls off, but still being truthful in it's meaning, ". . . SERVANTS to
help out. That means you will be TRAINED for the position, as well as
custom FITTED for your role at the party. Since it is a very posh affair,
you will need to stay here tonight and tomorrow for PREPARATION. Then you
will be taken to the party in a VEHICLE to Madame Rouso's Estate where the
party will be held. There, you will fulfill your role as SERVANTS for the
party. The party will last well into the evening and afterwards you will be
brought back here to spend the rest of the night. The following morning you
will be free to leave, still in plenty of time to celebrate Christmas Eve
and Day with your family and friends. You can rest assure that all evidence
of your theft will be destroyed upon the SUCCESSFUL completion of your
duties. I'll even through in that red blouse and the gray dress that you
tried to steal in remuneration for your services as well. I think this is a
very fair offer under the circumstances. Don't you Ladies?"

Judith then sat back and watched the two girls converse. She knew she was
pushing it when she emphasize those certain words in the offer she made.
Those same words that the two girls were talking about right now, which
made them feel a bit uneasy in taking the deal. But she couldn't help
herself. It was what she loved to do. Walk on the extreme teasing edge like
that. It made her feel so alive with excitement and nervous tension like a
gambler betting on a horse race. The anticipation was almost as thrilling
as the actual event itself sometimes. An event that was taking the two
girls much to long to decide on. So she played her ace in the hole card.

"Otherwise, the two of you will be picked up by the police and sent to
jail. There you will be prosecuted, found guilty, and then sent to prison.
THAT, I can promise you without a doubt!"

Oh she knew how to play it well. An audible emotionless voice telling them
what would happen to them if they decide not to, and then ending it with a
biting pledge of total demise as if the very gods deemed it so. Oh yes,
Judith knew how to play her hand all right, especially when she held all
the cards.

"Umm," it was Katie who was brave enough to speak first, "we just want you
to know that we are sorry..."

"Yes, Very SORRY!" Heidi boisterously added to her friends already
statement of remorse. Then Katie quickly picked up where she left off.

"with the snow balls, and the hat and all."

"And that we are sorry for stealing too, the clothes, it was very wrong of
us" Again Heidi broke in, but with a very important point this time to
which it was now Katie's turn to echo her friend's morality.

"Oh YES! We never stole anything in our entire lives! We just got caught up
with things, somehow, and did it. We know it was very stupid and very wrong
and we both wish to apologize to you on all counts."

"Yes, I apologize too. And I will pay for the cleaning of your hat as well.
I promise! But it will have to be on payments. I'm kind of broke." Heidi
felt the need to add that little extra point to help out, even though in
her mind she felt any damage done to that hat wasn't really her fault.

"Yes I understand." Judith said with a smile. "It was all done under the
happy, warm, giving spirit of Christmas, that's all. So in the same
celebrated heartfelt spirit of the season that moved the two of you, I do
so in kind with this deal to you. Besides, I think you will have a lot of
fun at the party even though you will be in a "subservient" role. So
Ladies, what is your answer?" Judith felt incredibly nasty playing on words
like that. A devious act that made her blush all the way down to her toes.
Then she heard the answer she was looking for.

"Ok . . . we'll do it." Said a reluctant Katie on behalf of herself and her
friend.

"Very good. I'll leave you two here while I have someone else come to show
you to the Preparation Room downstairs. And when I am done I will see you
both there."

"Preparation Room?" Both girls felt a bit concerned about the name, but it
was Heidi that played the spoke's person this time.

"Yes, that is where you will be measure with the state of the art computer
system so your costume will fit you perfectly." Again Judith was walking
the rail on the truth as to what was really going to happen to them there.

Judith rose from her chair and began to head for the door when Katie asked
the next question that was on both of the girl's nervous minds.

"Costumes? What kind of costumes Ms. . ." She didn't know the woman's name.
And the fact that she didn't know her name while making a deal that would
put them in the exclusive care of this mystery woman for the next few days
did not rest easy with Katie.

"My name is Ms. Judith Davenport. I am the co-owner of this boutique, among
other things, and you both will call me Ms. Davenport from now on,
understand?" Judith looked directly into Katie's eyes with a hard stare and
then over to Heidi until both girls were shaking their heads in silent
acknowledgment.

Judith then walked to the door and exited the room with her card key,
leaving the rest of the question unanswered.

Katie and Heidi looked at one another with a good deal of frustrated
anxiety. They did not like what they had to do, but they were very mindful
of the fact that they had no other choice either. The thought of them going
to jail or having the social stigma of being labeled "thieves" follow them
for the rest of their lives were two things that they definitely did not
want happen. So that only left the lesser of evils.

"Well, it is supposed to be a party after all," said Heidi trying to look
on the bright side of it.

"Yea," Katie said with a sigh in her voice and then she continued with a
little positive mental attitude, "and maybe will meet some great looking
guys there too. There's that at least."

On the outside of the door Judith rested her body up against the door and
closed her eyes. Another big smile came across her face just like the cat
that ate the canary. She took her cell phone from her pocket and began
making calls. She called Trixie, the receptionist downstairs, and told her
to have Shelia come to the holding room and take the two girls she found
inside down to the Preparation Room and get them ready for her. And to make
sure she used the private back elevator down to that room as well. The last
thing she needed was to have two horror stricken girls running around all
over the complex looking for a way to escape. The last point she wanted to
relay to Shelia was to take it easy on these two. They were precious
goods and Judith didn't want them bruised, if at all possible.

The next call was to her ever vigilant assistant Jenny.

"Jenny? This is Judith. Yes, I know, thank you Jenny. You did an excellent
job in catching those two. I want to have a little talk with you in five
minutes in my office, all right? Good! I'll see you then. Bye!"

Judith placed her cell phone back in her pocket and walked down the hall to
her office. She used her card again to gain access and then walked inside.
She quickly took a seat behind her desk and began using her computer.
She checked her e-mail and because it was "that time of year again", her
mail box was loaded. But before she answered letter one and before Jenny
showed up, there was one short and sweet letter she just had to send.

And with a single click of a key, Judith's letter was wrapped ever so
securely with the protocol of the World Wide Web and then sent at light
speed through all the assorted hubs, switches and routers to finally reach
it's destination in another computer. This computer was located in an
impressive den of rich well grained oak walls and soft expensive leather
furniture. A den, which was part of well guarded sweeping estate on the
distant edge of town.

"Oh you are such a good puppy! Yes you are! Oh yes you are!"

Madame Rouso was having the time of her life playing on the floor with a
little German shepherd pup. It was the latest member of her family and a
gift from her dear friend Bill. He promised her one if the mating between
Old Duke and Muffee' was a success. And he was a man of his word.

The little bundle of joy wasn't really a result of a true dog to dog mating
like one would think. Muffee' was really a surrogate, a bitch that was use
to gestate the embryos created from Old Duke and his long time mate The
Dutches, who died just prior to the mating. And Muffee' was not quite the
true bitch dog that one would expect either. She was really a young woman
in her twenties, your standard run of the mill human being named Jennifer.
And being used in a bizarre diabolical experiment to produce a litter of
doggie pups was something Jennifer definitely did NOT have a mind to do.

But then, when she and four of her friends were caught crashing one of
Madame Rouso's exclusive Halloween soirees, free choice soon became a thing
of the past. Jennifer was quickly forced into an elaborate French Poodle
costume, sold off at auction for a duration of two months, and then used by
her temporary owner as a guinea pig in some nightmarish mad scientist
experiment. And it worked! As the presents of the little ball of fur on
four high energy legs attested too.

"Now I got ya! Yes I do! Oh yes I do! Now what are you going to do, you
little rambunctious puppy you. . . OUCH!"

And on and on the two would happily play in the den. Until a beeping sound
was heard coming from Madame's computer.

"Whops! I have to go now little one. Here, play with this knotted rag while
I go see to some business."

Madame Rouso rose from the floor, wiped several loose puppy hairs from her
designers brown silk slacks and headed for her computer. As soon as she sat
down and hit a couple of keys to retrieve her e-mail she felt something
pulling on her pants leg.

"Hey! I'll have you know that material your trying to rip apart is very
expensive pup." But the little puppy thinking it was just another rag to
play with continued on pulling, gnawing and grunting at it. An activity
that Madame found so funny that she could not be angry with the little
tornado. So she picked it up and placed it on her lap.

"Ok pup, settle down and look here on the screen. See all the nice colors
and such." The pup sat quietly, mesmerized by a series of flashing colors,
shapes and sizes as they flew across his line of sight. But when the screen
settled down on one fixed image he was once more an active pup again. So
Madame began to rub and pet the little power house of energy until he
slowly settled down.

"Excellent!" Madame said with loud excitement after she read the latest
piece of mail to come in. To which the pup raised it's over size head and
looked up into her face.

Madame then looked down at the pup, felt a twinge of elated happiness from
the good news and began cuddling the pup playfully in her lap.

"Good news pup. A very dear friend and business partner has come through
for me at last. It looks like I am going to get my two ponygirls for my
party after all." The pup was squirming and trying to bite Madame's hand so
much that she finally had to put the pup back down on the floor in order to
send a reply. And as soon as the big feet of the little pup hit the floor,
he went back to pulling and chewing on Madame's pants leg.

"Oh well", Madame said with a sigh "at least it keeps you busy and out of
the way for awhile." And then Madame went to writing her reply. It was a
fairly short reply with a vague description of what she would like to see
in her new ponygirls, as to dressage and such. Just so they would match and
go well with the rest of her ideas for the party. She purposely left it
vague because she trusted Judith's judgement and artistic expertise. When
she was done she quickly sent the e-mail. Which was at the same time she
heard the ripping of cloth at her pants leg.

"Oh why did I ever think having a puppy was going to be so much fun," she
said out loud in an exasperated tone without bothering to look at her now
torn pants leg. Then her screen changed and up popped another e-mail.

It was from her friend Ms. Waneright. And it showed a picture of two snow
men on either side of the screen with a caption running down the middle.
The words said "MERRY CHRISTMAS" in big fonts with some more writing below
it in a smaller size, "We can't wait to see you again at your party."

She smiled at the word "We" knowing that her friend meant herself and the
twins. That's how she thought of them now. Twit and Twat, the identical
twins who looked as if they came from the same egg, even though one was
Hispanic and the other was Oriental. And with their faces cover, which was
usually the case now, they did look exactly alike. Same height, same weight
and for all intent and purposes, they both had the same sexy build too.
Although she could not see it from the photo on her screen. For the twins
were no doubt bound to the extreme in latex and leather before they were
then forced into a white rubber blow up snowman's suit. The only openings
of which were two set of small holes. One set for breathing through and the
other one for looking through. The only thing that made them different in
the photo was the color of the scarf they wore, one red the other green, to
go along with their outfits two black top hats. Even their cartoon like
faces were painted on with the same smiling snowman like smiles.

From the picture she could see that they were standing outside her friends
fetish boutique in sunny California. She wrinkled her brow when she though
how those two girls must be sweating their butts off dressed in several
layers of fetish wear and bondage gear before being placed in a
hermetically sealed rubber snowman's suit. But she trusted her friend to
their safety. That, or there would be hell to pay when she saw them again
at the party. The party that the twins and their other three friends will
finally be set free at.

Then Madame's mind began to ponder the fate of the others. There was
Charlene, the once defiant, independent and heterosexual black woman who
was turned into the stiff as a board mummy and then sold off to Sheik
Ackman. The handsome Neubian Prince who spirited her away to his home land
where she was slowly trained to become a first rate bisexual sex slave for
himself and his harem girls to use at their whim.

Then there was Karol, the Swedish looking Barbie doll who was becoming more
doll than human with each passing day, thanks to the genius of her other
male friend Dr. Franklin Stein.

And finally Jennifer. She smiled as she thought of her and the last picture
that was sent to her by Tai. It was her friend Bill who bought her at the
auction, or more aptly put the right to "rent" her for the next couple of
months. But it was Tai, his strange veterinarian friend's young female
assistant, who was responsible for her care. She remembered seeing Muffee'
in her other dog suit made from the skin of a real dog that died of old
age. She chuckled to herself as the image of Jennifer, or Muffee' as she
was now known, came to mind.

Good ol' well heeled Muffee', with her belly so distended that she looked
like she swallowed a huge round watermelon. And her breasts, fairing no
better, as they appeared two sizes bigger, no doubt due to the side effect
of pregnancy or better put gestation. She wanted to be there for when the
whelping stage happened, but other higher priorities took precedent. It
must have been very bizarre for Jennifer, knowing that she was a human
being and all. But looking like and being treated like a brood-bitch by all
those around her, day in and day out. And watching her belly and breasts
getting bigger and bigger right before her eyes until she felt that very
first kick of life inside of her. A life that was so radically different
from her own human species. Then, finally, culminating in the very act of
giving birth, just like a dog, to a litter of nine yelping furry puppies
from her very own human womb. Madame began to wondered what Jennifer would
be like when she saw her again in a couple of days. Then she was painfully
brought back to the here and now with a little nip to her ankle.

"Ouch! What in heaven's name . . . HEY YOU! So tearing up my expensive
slacks isn't good enough to keep you satisfied. You want some extra special
attention now, huh. Well my little rag-a-muffin, when I get my hands on you
I'm going to tickle you until your ready to drop off to slumber in complete
exhaustion." Then she bent down to grab the too spy pup, only to watch him
squirm out of her grasp and run away from her reach. He then stopped some
safe distance away, turned to face her, and began to bark at her.

"OH? So you want to play tag now. Ok, ready or not here I come!"

And she pushed back on her chair almost tipping it over and went off after
the little varmint. The pup ran away again, banging into a chair leg in the
process because of his still too young natural clumsiness. But it wasn't
enough to stop him from running on further and again out of the reach of
Madame Rouso.

And so it went. The frisky pup would scurry around chairs, behind couches,
and under tables while Madame followed his illusive haphazard trek on foot
and on her knees. Many times only inches from grabbing him. But finally she
did get him and both parties were far too tied to get into any playful
skirmishes. Madame simply sat on the floor with her back up against the
couch and a bit out of breath, while the pup in the exact physical state
laid on her lap, his big brown eyes looking up into hers. She smiled and
began petting his dark fur. The pup, with his tongue handing out of his
mouth and breathing hard, closed his eyes and slowly went to sleep on her
lap. Madame too closed her eyes, thinking about how much fun she was
having.

Everything was working out wonderfully for her. All the arrangements for
her party have been made. She finally got her much needed ponygirls, thanks
to Judith who she had the most perfect gift for. Practically everyone she
invited was coming, even her niece from college. She had complete faith in
her loyal and dedicated staff to see that all her party plans would come to
a successful outcome. Everything was working out like there was magic in
the air. She even felt like a kid again playing with her new best friend.
And it was Christmas, the most enjoyable time of the year. What a wonderful
life!

And back in town, Judith was typing up a storm. It seemed like there was no
end to the amount of e-mail she received. Most of it coming from business
friends wanting this and that and could she get it to them before
Christmas. Most of them she replied back that she would do her best, but it
was going to be very difficult, and then she rerouted their inquires to her
various departments. She figured if her people could fulfill fifty per cent
of them on time, then that would be great!

But there were those she had to turn down without exception, it was company
policy. These were the ones who wanted to purchase a last minute slave and
have then delivered to a friend, a spouse or to some unknowing business
acquaintance to cinch a big deal. These type of purchases never worked out.
Oh the recipient was all head over heels in receiving their precious human
present, especially once they found out how well trained and sexually
satisfying their new toy could be. But few had the time, patience and
energy to take care of a full time human pet. And after a few days to a
week, the slave would end up being ignored, ill treated, set free in the
wilds or in some cases, when she actually got them back, they were almost
bordering on death. So Judith set up a strict policy regarding these
impulsive buying binges of the rich. No submissive will go on the auction
block from the first day of December until after New Years. And by golly,
it worked!

So she finished off her last e-mail of the day and left her office. But her
day was not over yet, not by a long shot. Her next stop was to her
underground complex to start work on the girls. A full self serving smile
appeared on her face when she thought of them. 'Oh yes, the day was
definitely picking up in my favor now', she said to herself.

Everything was stating to fall into place. At least all the raw pieces
were. The finish products were still in doubt, but then that's how it
always went. And that's why she loved what she did so much. The good, the
bad, the unknown, the ability to make things better, the simple act of
trying and making a difference. And it felt good watching everything fall
into place and making people happy. Chester was happy with his soon to be
promotion. Jenny was certainly happy with hers. And with those two doing
more of her work in the public eye, it meant she will have more time to do
other things. Those things that she loved doing and where kept in the
shadows of an otherwise civilized society. And with that last thought she
entered the main elevator and waited for the doors to close.

She took out her card and placed it in a well concealed slot in the control
panel. Then she pushed the button for the basement. Without the card in
place, the elevator would simply go directly to the basement, which was
nothing but a storage facility for the boutique. But with the card in
place, the elevator would go to the "sub-basement" where her other passion
in life was located.

It cost a pretty penny to create such a large underground area, but it paid
off really big in maintaining her privacy and anonymity. Only a person with
a special computer generated card could access said area. Which meant any
nosy journalist who heard one too many fantastic stories about what laid
under the posh boutique or a police person looking for a quick move up the
ladder would be very disappointed by what they would find. A simple little
trick of depth perception and all was possible. And as the doors opened
Judith was greeted by a completely different reality.

It was a buzz of activity in the lobby area that reminded Judith of Santa's
Workshop, which was a good analogy for this time of year. People walking,
some almost running, across the expansive room going from one corridor to
another. Men and women of various ages in well tailored suits, dresses,
lab coats and drab uniforms carrying clipboards, boxes and pushing carts
and racks of well crafted dungeon paraphernalia and fetish clothing. Some
of them in groups and talking feverishly to one another as they hurried
along. And some alone, walking very slowly, their minds up in the clouds
thinking of solutions to problems that needed solving within the next day.

And there were others too, women mostly. Women as French maids in rubber or
latex. Some unencumbered except for their natural high heels and their
smiling gagged mouths, carrying trays in front of them, some empty but most
not. And others in various forms of bondage from simple cuffs and harnesses
to any number of creative mind fantasies that allowed the maid to barely
move at all.

And then there were the generic work units. They were never left on their
own. There was always someone leading them at the end of a leash to there
next destination, sometimes two, three or more at a time. One leather
collar connected to another making them look like a human train in transit.
And they were all dressed the same. A full latex catsuit with an open face
hood and cut outs for their breasts and naked crotch area. A very tight and
wide leather waist belt with chains running from it to their wrist cuffs
that were shortened with a lock whenever they were taken away from their
workstation. A pair of high heel shoes tether by a one foot chain. And
their orifices, mouth, pussy and rear entry, plugged with color coded
dildoes to make sure the right ones always went in the correct holes. The
only noticeable different was in the color of their matching collar and
waist belts. For it denoted that the generic work unit was already trained
to perform a specialized task and thus spoken for by some department.

Oh it was a hustle and bustle of human activity all right. And right in the
middle of it all was Trixie. She was the receptionist behind her circular
desk with it's computer terminal, phones and mired of papers, folders and
sticky notes. She was the first person that Judith went to see.

"Hi Ms. Davenport!" exclaimed the high pitched squeaky voice of Trixie as
she greeted Judith with a big open smile.

It was tuff for Judith to keep from laughing each and every time she had to
deal with the over the top bimbo receptionist. She just could not get over
the mark contrast of what she was and what she did. To any causal observer
Trixie was the epitome of the 1950's sexual bomb shell. She was tall in her
stiletto heels, blonde, a figure that was beyond robust and voluptuous, and
she always wore the form fitting, cleavage glaring and long tight skirted
dresses that women of the 50's would wear to catch a man's eye. She could
have easily fallen into the hip grinding foot steps of the late and great
Jayne Mansfield, torpedo breasts and all. Even her voice had that come fuck
me I'm dumb and horny as hell invitation to it. But given all this most
bountiful packaged sexuality, in a perceived empty air head container, she
was one fantastic girl friday.

Trixie could type at an unbelievable fast and accurate speed, all be it
while singing some dumb stupid song about flowers or furry little animals.
She easily knew her way around virtually any word processor, spread sheet
or database accompanied by the ever present squeaks, chirps, giggles and
gum popping of a typical blonde bimbo in action. And she could multitask
any series of events, phone messages or e-mails while doing her nails,
fixing her big bouffant hair or putting an extra coat of red lipstick on
her big pouting come hither lips. Trixie was a true living oxymoron. And it
wasn't all an act either. She was custom made this way.

Once upon a time, there was this good looking brunette who was well on her
way up the tax accounting ladder of a major business firm. She was doing an
excellent job and just about to be made partner, until one faithful day
when everything turned upside down for her.

It seemed like her old college chum named Christine inherited her families
outrageous fortune and the first thing on her list was revenge. Revenge for
what this fast rising brunette did to her way back when in college. And
with the right amount of money and passionate desire, anything was
possible.

So a series of methodic, back room and under the table events took place
that resulted in the transformation of this intelligent, well tailored and
refined brunette with the outstanding future ahead of her, into a first
class blonde bimbo sex toy named Trixie. And when Christine drank her fill
from the cup of revenge, she simply threw Trixie out on the street to fend
for herself as a common street whore. That's when Judith's resource team
picked her up and brought her in for processing. But when the doctors of
Boot Camp found out how extensive this new recruit was already modified
they immediately notified Judith.

Judith in turn did a background investigation as well as to the current
state of Trixie. The results were that this Christine woman was too strong
for her to take on without Madame Rouso's help. Something she did not wish
to trouble her partner with over such a trivial thing. The other part was
that the bimbo persona was so forcefully ingrained into the girls psyche
that going backwards was not an option. Which meant they could only go
forward. Thus, with a little luck and some minor training, Judith was able
to successfully integrated the girl's two personalities into one, the bimbo
sex toy with the savvy business woman. Neither one to the extreme, but both
visibly present and working well together at a basic sustainable level.

"Hello Trixie, any messages for me?" Judith was standing right in front of
her efficient bimbo's desk. She loved watching Trixie work. The combination
of the efficient organized secretary, with a place for everything and
everything in it's place, and the scatterbrain, doe eyed, tits bouncing
bimbo slut was a marvel to behold.

Her moves were flamboyant and ultra feminine, but yet direct in their
destination and retrieval. Her ditsy childish voice gave her that aura of a
complete incompetent until one focused on exactly what she said, which
reflected pure professionalism. And then there were all those little
nuances like gum chewing with her mouth open, blowing big bubbles that made
her eyes cross, twirling her hair in her fingers and constantly swiveling
back and forth in her chair that made you believe she wasn't listening to a
thing you were saying. Until you looked into her beautiful brown eyes and
seen that she was hanging onto every word you said.

Judith loved watching her all right. And she made a special mental note to
herself to talk with a couple of her staff doctors. She wanted to know if
Trixie's melded personality could be duplicate in other women. If so, then
she could see many a wealthy patron who would pay dearly to have such a
piece of efficient office fluff working for them. But one thing Judith was
certain about. She would never sell such a priceless jewel like Trixie to
anyone.

"Yes Ma'am, here they are." Trixie stood up and reached over her desk and
handed them to Judith.

"Thank you Trixie." Oh yes indeed, Judith so enjoyed looking at her
priceless receptionist. The girl had such an amazing set of jiggling
breasts. And the slow running full curves of her torso and hips began to
make Judith long for her shower fixture again.

"Your Welcome Ms. Davenport. Is there anything else I can do for you
Ma'am?" Trixie said with a cutesy shy voice while she put her hands behind
her back, forced out her chest and began twisting her body in place. An
action that made her look like a juicy piece of meat dangling on the end of
a hook. And one that made it very hard for Judith not to take this women
right here, right now and right on top of her well organized desk.

All Judith could do was to force herself to read the notes and maybe take
her mind off what her body was craving for. But there was no solace or
reprieve in those notes. They were all the usual "We need to talk" or "Call
me as soon as possible" from her various departments. Until one caught her
eye.

"This one" and Judith showed the swaying bimbo sex pot the particular note.

Trixie bent over to read it and in the process her two big beautiful
breasts with their ever present perky nipples almost popped out of her too
tight bodice. Trixie never wore a bra, nor panties for that matter.

"Oh yes, he said he was in town for a few days and wanted to stop by and
say hello to you Ms. Davenport." Trixie then stood back up and resumed her
swaying in the breeze with her bountiful bosom in serene repose.

Judith couldn't believe her luck. Maybe, just maybe, she could talk the man
into preforming a little task for it. She knew it was going to be hard, but
if she could, then the results would be perfect!

"Thank you Trixie. Oh, by the way. You are doing an excellent job as my
receptionist." Judith said graciously.

Trixie was totally in awe of the kindly comment made to her. Ever since she
was transformed into a big titted bimbo sex toy, the only positive remarks
she got were on how well she shook her ass, bounced her tits or used her
three fuck holes to get someone off with. But her surprised look didn't'
last long. For it soon lead into her giggling uncontrollably and blushing
profusely like a little school girl given her first gold star by the
teacher. Her hands came together in front and she began to fidget around,
making her bashful girlie antics in an overdeveloped woman's body all the
more fascinating to watch. Especially when her upper arms began squeezing
and releasing her breasts together. This elated pumping action was a real
eye popped too. Her huge subtle orbs would expand, bounce and literally try
by any erotic means possible to escape from their minimum confinement in
her very low cut dress.

Judith thought that Trixie was so good at this little arousing performance,
that she began to wonder if Trixie might have been repeatedly trained to
respond like this. Trained to the point of it being an almost instinctive
response. But whatever it was, Judith had to stop it. It appeared Trixie's
little exotic dance was causing the passer-bys to stop and take notice. And
work stoppage was not a good thing this close to Christmas. So Judith added
a little feeling of warm with her next comment in a prelude to leaving.

"Well I hope everyone is treating you well here Trixie and maybe you will
soon be making some nice friends too."

Then unexpectedly Trixie responded back with eagerness.

"Oh I have Ms. Davenport! I really have! I met with Dr. Jones two days ago
and I just love how he sucks on my nipples and fucks my sloppy wet cunt
fast and hard."

Now it was Judith's turn to be awestruck.

"And then I met Ms. Smith yesterday. We had the most pleasant lunch
together. I never tasted such a sweet naked pussy like hers before. Did you
know that Ms. Smith is multi orgasmic Ms. Davenport?"

Judith could only shake her head no in surprise. Surprise in that she
didn't know that Betty was multiorgasmic and in not knowing how well Trixie
was really fitting in. She then made another mental note. To get a small
recorded to keep tract of all her mental notes she was beginning to have.

"Then there is Mr. and Mrs. Spears they want to take me to dinner tonight
and then spend the night with them. They are so good at . . ."

Judith raised her hand to stop Trixie. That was more information than she
needed.

"I'm glad things are working out well for you my dear, but I must go. Oh,"
Judith then handed the note from that man she questioned her about earlier
back to her.

"As soon as he comes in, have him escorted to the Preparation Room. That is
where I will be for awhile."

"Yes Ms. Davenport." Trixie then took the note and placed it in a special
area of her well organized desk for top priority jobs. "Is there anything
else Ma'am?" Again Trixie's arms went behind her back and her chest thrown
out with pride followed by that gentle distracting erotic sway of hers once
more.

"Ahhhh, no Trixie, that will be all. . . . But maybe, after Christmas, when
things begin to settle down around here, the two of us could get . . ."

Judith could not even finish her sentence before Trixie was all squeaking
giggles, gushing smiles and bouncing tits again. She was so overwhelmed
with the fact that her new boss wanted to meet with her in a more
"informal" environment, that her blatant jubilance was difficult to
contain, as was two certain female body parts.

But it was when Trixie began to lick her lips in a very unusual way that
Judith knew she could not take it anymore. Whether Trixie knew it or not,
she was definitely one major visual powerhouse of female sexuality. And
looking without touching was becoming more and more an impossibility with
every pulsating second for Judith. So she quickly waved Trixie good-bye
telling her that she had to leave, but she will talk with her again later.
Much later, she commented to herself, when her pussy wasn't in so dire need
of a long acrobatic tongue like she just saw. Then she headed off to the
side and down one of the many corridors leading from the lobby.

She still had much to do before she could sleep tonight. One of which was a
very important task that was waiting for her in the Preparation Room. But
as she approached the door to that room, she could hear some very faint but
expressive moaning and groaning coming from the other side. And as she
grabbed the knob and slowly opened the door, she got hit by a loud clear
wave of heated female anger packaged in the most adorable incoherent sound
of frustration that she ever heard. Something that excited her just like a
child upon hearing the distant roaring laughter of Santa Claus at the local
toy store.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 3 coming soon

Katie and Heidi find out what Judith meant by the word "servants", a la
Ponygirls. And a special friend drops by to say maybe more than just
"Hello".

Stay tune!




This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.




                           "'Tis the Season"


                  The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia"


                               by Musker



                               (part 3)

                    "So be good for goodness sake"


Judith stood in the doorway and felt a chill that caused her to shudder.
Never did she see a sight that affected her so much. Oh she had seen many a
young woman in the same position as these two were, but these two held a
special meaning for her. First off, neither one was going to Boot Camp
right after Preparation. There lot in life was down another path with a
unique role to fulfill. And second, this was more than just business. It
was personal! And Judith was chomping at the bit to get things going.

The room was about the size of a large garage with two rectangular tables
on either side of the center walkway. The walkway ended a short distance
past the tables and directly in front of an impressive control workstation.
At it's center was a large monitor that obstructed the view of anyone
sitting behind it, like it did with Sheila. The floor was made of a
seamless bright linoleum for easy cleanup, and the walls and ceiling were
painted an off-white to give the room that not so sterile hospital look.
But it was hard for anyone being there to think in terms that weren't
clinical. The elevated tables to which Katie and Heidi had been bound to
had that drip channel around it's perimeter like on a morgue table. And the
big overhead lights that could be easyly moved at will were suggestive of
what was used in an operating theater. The only thing that truly made the
room less clinical and more technical was the extravagant workstation. For
it had all manners of switches, knobs, displays, and other electronic
instrumentation that could control all sorts of things in that room. A mere
handful of which was keeping the girls held firmly in place on those two
tables.

Judith walked into the room and down the spacious middle aisle with an air
of remote dignity. She only gave the girls a parting glace as she walked
right by them ignoring their stifled angry moans and contorting captive
bodies. She continued her walk around and behind the wide crescent shaped
workstation where her asistant was busy typing in commands to the network
ready console unit. Judith wanted to make sure the girls were first
adequately taken cared of before progressing to the next stage.

"So, did you have any problems with them Sheila?" Judith asked her busy
sitting assistant with a calm voice.

Sheila was the equivalent to Jenny above ground. She was a little younger,
less experienced, a bit more blonde and physically more on the butch side
than her feminine counter part. Not that Sheila was some bull dyke or
anything like that. She was just more into the physical side of life with a
preference for both men and women, unlike Jenny who liked only the gents.

"Not really Ms. Davenport. I got them both on the tables by telling them it
was a new computer method for mapping their body contours, just like you
said. And once they bought that idea it was easy to get them to strip down
to their underwear and up on the tables. Of course they were a bit hesitant
when I told them that it was necessary for them to be on all fours while on
the table. But I turned on some overhead lights and made some adjustments
to the height of the table to make it look like a high tech operation. So
once they were in the correct position and covering the designated red dots
on the table with their hands and knees, it was literally as simple as
throwing a switch. They didn't even see it coming. The artificial hand like
devices came up through the table and clamped around their wrists and above
their knees holding them very immovable in place. I did have to physically
align their lower legs into the correct position for the other set of
clamps to make proper contact with the area just above the ankles though.
But the girls were too preoccupied with trying to free themselves that they
didn't notice me increasing their captivity one little bit."

"Very good Sheila! And what about the gags? I bet you had some major
trouble with those." Judith was now looking at the two girls as they were
both facing her with their mouths surrounding a very ingenious gag and head
restraint.

"Not at all Ma'am. Oh it would have been if it wasn't for the shocker that
was installed last week. And I have to tell you Ma'am, it really makes a
big difference too. Before, we had to wrestle with the girls to get them to
take the gag in. We had to pull their hair, pinch their nipples or simple
use brute strength and force that gag in their mouths. But now, all I have
to do is to push this big red mushroom shaped button on top of the console
here and they quickly found it better to open wide and let it in then to go
through another electric shock like that."

"Wonderful Sheila! I knew the engineering staff could find a way to use
those metal clamps to transfer an electric shock in some way or form."

"They also did this too Ma'am." And Sheila pointed to the monitor that
showed a wealth of information as to what was going on with the girls
bodies.

"See, body temperature, heart rate, blood pressure, the whole works and all
through the clamps and gags."

Judith was eyeing the screen that showed the generic form of two girls on
all fours with various digital reading and symbols relating to what was
being measure.

"Amazing! I am impressed! This new technology will make things much easier
in the future. But sometimes I still like the old fashion way of inspecting
a girl before processing." Judith then nudged Sheila with her arm, which
got a big smile form her young assistant.

"Come on Sheila, lets give the old way a try, just for the heck of it."

Judith winked at her assistant and both of them walked from behind the
workstation to the front where Heidi was still trying to free herself from
the tight grip of the clamps, having already given up on her gag. Which was
the first thing that Judith wanted to check out.

"This seems to be a new model Sheila." Judith began touching and probing
what was on the outside of the girl's mouth with her fingers and sometimes
making contact unceremoniously with the girl's lips in the process.

Heidi just didn't like it, any of it. So she began moaning and yelling with
a great degree of strength and anger. So much so, that it was interfering
with the conversation the two unfettered women where having. A few more
seconds of that and Judith could not stand it any more.

"That's enough! You are to be quiet! And that means you too red. You have
no one to blame for your situation but yourselves. And I am doing exactly
what I said I would. You are going to be prepared and then trained for your
role at Madame Rouso's party. Then taken to her estate for the SUCCESSFUL
execution to what you have been trained to do. THEN, you will be brought
back here to stay the night and released the following day. And if you FAIL
to follow orders, or refuse to be trained or to perform SUCCESSFULLY at the
party, you WILL be prosecuted as shoplifters to the full extent of the law.
AND that will only happen after I have tanned both of your miserable hides
until your unable to sit down in your jail cell for a month. Do you
understand!"

A very angry Judith was staring right into the face of Heidi, who, as a
result of hearing the riot act spelled out to her in no uncertain terms,
was seriously thinking twice about any further efforts to escape. She
stared back into the stead fast penetrating eyes of this dogmatic authority
figure. With no alternative left her, Heidi decided to submit. So she made
the token gesture of capitulation by lowering her eyes. That's all the gag
would allow her to do.

"And you red!" Judith turned her eyes to the fixed profile of Katie who
also found no alternative but to agree in kind as she emitted a soft moan
of compliance.

"Good!" And Judith turned her attention back to inspecting the gag and
talking with her assistant as if nothing of a serious nature had happen.

"This gag seems to be a bit different, here, where the teeth go. And the
attachment seems more rigid."

"Yes Ma'am." Even though Judith seemed to be back to normal, Sheila was
still a bit uneasy witnessing the true dominating force of her boss up
close, someone she held in great esteem.

"It's based on the shape of a pear" Sheila continued "instead of a standard
ball type gag. The smaller end, which you cannot see Ma'am, goes completely
inside the mouth in order to fill it and keep the tongue pressed down all
the way to the back of the mouth. Thus preventing any form of human speech
from occurring while reducing whatever audible express that does come forth
to simple throaty sounds, like grunts, moans and groans. The large end,
which you can only see a small part of right now, also goes into the mouth
and has two channels or grooves attached to it's bottom where the subject's
teeth are placed in. Once the gag is fitted into the subject's mouth it is
then split in half with a miniature screw jack assemble built directly
inside of it. This then makes the gag an integral part of the entire head
and mouth, as if all three parts were one solid unit. Then the two metal
projections, over here in front Ma'am, are mated securely with the top
assembly of a now much more hefty metal bar that comes up from the table
and is anchored there in. With this new gag model the whole head is kept in
a very fixed and unmoveable position to whatever height you may wish. I set
it at a height that forces the subjects to stretch themselves from their
clamped wrists all the way up to their gagged mouths, giving them that
rigid, proud, show dog look if you will. I believe this is a superior model
Ms. Davenport. It has height adjustments for the head making examination
and preparation much easier now, and with the upgrade bar replacement, the
subject's head remains frozen in position no matter how much exertions is
put forth."

"I see, and I agree with you Sheila. It is a much better design. I'm glad
to see your input into the new design was most beneficial. Very good work
my dear."

Sheila was bubbling over with pride as she was blushing a very becoming
red. Judith was not only her boss, but her mentor and role model. So
receiving such a wonderful positive comment like this was definitely making
her day. She tried hard to follow in her guru's foot steps whenever she
could. And that included in coming up with ideas to make things easier or
interesting like Judith did, not necessary for the betterment of the
"subject" in question though.

So given the positive atmosphere between herself and her boss, minus all
the subdued grunts and groans of negativity coming from the two subjects at
hand, Sheila decided to push the friendliness a little and ask a question
that was really none of her business.

"Excuse me Ms. Davenport, but may I ask you a question." It was always a
good idea to ask for permission first from an anointed icon, no matter
where one stood on the hierarchy ladder of Judith's flourishing little
empire.

"Of course my dear, please do" Judith answered back in an open friendly
tone still inspecting the new improved gag, or at least that part she could
see and touch with her fingers.

"To what "role" with these two subjects be performing at Madame Rouso's
party come Saturday evening Ma'am?"

The question was one that the two bound and gag girls were eager to know as
well.

"Oh that, it seems Madame wishes to make a grand entrance to her party. So
she is going to do so in a superbly designed sleigh loaded with gifts like
Santa Claus. And as such, she will need someone, or ones, to pull it. Thus
these two beautiful creatures here are going to be her ponygirls. And as
such, they are to be trained and fitted with the approate attire of
harnesses, bridles, bits and all."

There was a moment of dead silence as the unbelievable was thoroughly
digested. And when Katie and Heidi did finally understood what being
prepared and trained as ponygirls truly meant, they quickly resumed their
dire need to escape with a renewed heighten vigor. They began pulling,
twisting and contorting their torsos, limbs and heads with great
determination. But the clamps and gag assembly held fast and firm. So hard
did they struggle that Judith had to stop her examination of Heidi's gag
post haste and take a step back.

That's when Judith told them, command them, to stop their struggling
immediately! She knew the hardware would hold and they would not escape.
She was only worried about the possibility of one or both of the girls
hurting themselves in the process of their panic attack.

But when the girls heard Judith's military like commands to cease and
desist their struggles, it only made them more determined to escape from
this perverted woman's claws. That's when there grunts and moans became
even louder and more angry. Accompanied by their long hard threatening
stares that made even Sheila think that maybe things were getting a little
out of hand.

But Judith knew how to handle these two. She had a wealth of experience in
dealing with young recalcitrant women like this. Women who didn't want to
be controlled or inducted into her idea of Boot Camp or a better life. They
only wanted out, and come hell or high water they would move heaven and
earth to get there too. It was a battle of wills, and a battle that Judith
had yet to loose.

Judith quickly walked behind the workstation. She searched and found the
digital readout that indicated the level of electric shock that was to be
given. Then she made two fists and brought them both down hard on each of
the red mushroom shaped buttons. Immediately the girl's bodies began to
shake violently as high voltage ravaged their bodies. And as soon as it
started. it stopped just as fast.

The energy in the struggling girls had subsided tremendously, except for a
small tug here and a whisper of an angry groan there. But that was too much
defiance for Judith. Again she hit the red buttons, and again the girl's
bodies shook uncontrollably for several seconds until the electricity was
once more turned off. This time the girls were very passive even though
their breathing was going hard and fast through their noses. This time they
looked as though all rebellion had been shocked clean out of them. But
again, that was not enough for Judith.

"THAT my dear Ladies was level 3!"

Judith lowered her right hand down to a knob on the console and turned it
one notch to the right.

"THIS is level 4!"

Again her fist met with the pair of red plungers and again the girls did
their spastic electric dance even more so now with the increased voltage.

When it was over with, Judith could hear the girls simpering and whining
like scared little puppy dogs. That's when she knew she had the correct
response. A big victorious smile crossed her face that bordered on being
pure sadistic pleasure.

Sheila looked at her once inspiring mentor with disbelief. She knew it was
necessary for the first jolt to be given and maybe even the second, but the
third? And at a level that was literally shocking to her! She did not
understand and it definitely showed on her face.

Judith turned her glowing features over to Sheila and they quickly vanished
by what she saw. She knew an explanation was in order from the horrified
and puzzled look she received.

"Sheila, I know you understand the need for immediate action to regain
control in situations we just experienced. And the difference between
controlling, dominating and breaking is simply how long the submissive
effect lasts. You seen as well as I did that I regained complete control of
their wild behavior right after the second shock. But how long would that
have lasted? You already shocked them once so they knew what to expect.
All we were doing was simply controlling their immediate behavior with
repeated minimal shocks. And that can be very cruel for them in the long
run. What we needed to do was to dominate them without breaking them. I
have no desire in turning them into mindless robots. All I want is for them
to obey my orders, to perform as proud ponygrils, and I need them to do
that in a very short period of time. The only way I can obtain that is if
they accept my dominance over them. And that my dear assistant is something
more in tune to being an art form then it is a science. Too little and all
you have is temporary control with a rising desire to rebell. Too much and
you have nothing more than a conditioned lap dog constantly at your feet
and in need of attention. In time, and experience, you too will find this
to be true."

Sheila heard the profound words and she was beginning to see that her boss
was right. Sometimes one had to be cruel in the short term in order to be
kind in the long run. And if she wanted to become a successful dominant
like her mentor, then she too would have to become an accomplished artist
in the dark arts just like she was.

But said words were not heard by the two recovering girls. All they knew
was that wanted no more shocks!

"Ladies, look at me." Judith said in a calm but loud voice. And both girls,
simultaneously as if on cue, raised their eyes and looked straight at the
mad women who they thought was on the verge of killing them.

"No more rebellion Ladies. Disobedience will lead to punishment, and
punishment is pain! OBEY, and your lot in life for the next few days will
be as good as it can be. Disobey, and your punishment will be swift, hard
and virtually unbearable. I promise you that! Sheila, turn the shock dial
up to level 5!"

The girls started to whimper and moan in a pleading begging kind of way,
but they did not try to escape or rebel with angry threatening grunts like
before.

"Level 5 Ma'am." There was no hesitation in either of Sheila's moves or in
her voice. She trusted her idolized mentor now, fully and completely.

"I do not wish to use the shocking device Ladies. But I WILL! If you
warrant it. Understand, ponygirls?"

Judith knew this was "the" best time to add the ponygirl reference. For it
require the two girls to not only accept their subservient status to her
will, but to also accept their soon to be roles as beasts of burden,
hybrids of both human and animal, like in some ancient Greek mythology. It
was also a major hurdle that needed to be transversed as well. For once the
girls verbally accept their submissive fate, being dominated and turned
into ponygirls, all else would fall into place as easy as pie.

Judith could see the unnerving hesitation in their eyes. The desire, the
will not to, but at the same time the simple reality of what would happen
to them if they didn't. And just as she expected, the wisdom of an
intelligent and rational mind in dire fear won out. They lower their eyes
and gave a submissive mewing sound of surrender. Now, Judith had her
ponygirls!

"All right then. Sheila, cut away their underwear and throw it away with
the rest of their clothes. It all stinks just as much as they do."

Judith could hear the girls worried whining, and she also knew what they
were snivelling about as well. But Judith loved to hear the pathetic sounds
made by a fair damsel in distress. They seem so erotic and pleasing to her
soul. So she let them continued for a little longer before she calmed their
fears.

"Now don't worry your pretty little heads ponygirls. Come Sunday, you will
be given a complete new outfit to wear home with you, compliments of Madame
Rouso's Boutique. And your personal items will be saved as well." Judith
then turned to walk back to the workstation as she heard the concern fears
of the girls slowly subside.

Once at the station she sat in the swivel chair and made a call to her
favorite receptionist, all the while watching her assistant cutting away
the last bastion of the girls unfashionable purity.

"Trixie, send a cleaning crew to the Preparation Room right away. Thank you
Trixie."

'It shouldn't be long now.' Thought Judith as she enjoyed watching Sheila
remove the white bras from the girls and seen what excellent material she
had to work with.

Just as Sheila had all of the girls smelly clothes in a plastic bag there
was a knock on the door. Judith looked at her watch and her eyebrows went
up in surprised. 'That was fast!' she thought to herself. And then watched
as Sheila opened the door and allowed four nondescript maids in.

Judith began swivelling back and forth in her chair waiting anxiously to
see these four cleaning maids in action. Something she never got tired of
watching.

Sheila too was eager to watch. It never ceased to amaze her how four women
could act as one, well trained, synchronous team in preforming a single job
so quickly and efficiently, given their extreme uniforms and ultra high
heels.

All four of them were dressed in black rubber catsuits. With the only part
to their rubber encasement that wasn't black was the white ruffled trim of
their shiny latex maids caps and abbreviated aprons. The rest of their very
attractive bodies were completely cover by the thick black rubber, which
looked as though it was painted on them, layer after layer after layer.
Even their eyes were covered by some kind of clear plastic lense that was
needed for them to see through and get about. The only holes that could
barely be seen were for them to breathe through, right underneath each
nostril. And speaking of holes, all three of their major orifices were
plugged by some sort of rubber phallus, whose size and shape matched the
given hole they were pushed into, somewhat tightly of course. It was truely
amazing how their entire unique identities were so over shadowed by what
they wore that they all looked as if they were cloned from the same generic
rubber maid.

To see the rubber maids in action was really an awesome sight to behold.
All Sheila had to do to get them started was to point and they were on
their way. Heidi was the first "object" to be cleaned. And considering that
the cleaning crew was called out to clean practically anything, they
reacted to everything as if it was simply another "object" to be washed up,
human or not.

When Heidi first caught sight of the weird human-like black creatures she
was both frighten and curious. Frighten becuse their artificial presents
were soon all around her, and curious becuase she didn't know what they
were about to do to her. But it didn't take long for her curiosity to be
quenched, literally.

One maid walked right up to the front of Heidi's head, gently grasp one of
her eyelids by the long lashes and pulled it all the way up. Heidi squealed
out in panic as the maid then put two drops of some ointment to protect her
eyes from getting stung and red by their soap. She did the same to the
other eye as wellto which Heidi again made the terrifying sounds of a woman
who through she had just been blinded for life.

But once Heidi had worked the ointment throughout her eyes and could begin
to see again, her panic began to dampen. That is, until she seen two maids
with four soap filled sponges, one for each hand, approach her head again.

It was like watching a car wash in progress. They started at her head,
covering it completely in a big white foamy froth. Then they went down her
body, one on each side, rubbing those big sea sponges in every nook and
cranny they could find. The whole process would have been a fun experience
for Heidi if she wasn't so frighten and trying to see and breathe through
all those tiny bubbles hanging over her face.

All of a sudden Heidi let out with a high pitch squeal. The result of the
washing maids having reached her pussy and rear entry with undue modesty.
And even though the sponges were as soft as a pillow and saturated with a
warm fragrant skin softening soap, the maids were far too callous and
conscientious in making sure all of her holes were throughly clean for
Heidi to enjoy a single moment of it.

The endpoint of the wash cycle was when each maid finished washing the bare
soles of Heidi's feet, which of course Heidi reacted to as her normally
ticklish self would.

It took only a minute before the washing maids had changed over to becoming
the rinse maids now. And these two were quickly followed by the other two
maids who were responsible for collecting all the watery refuse that was
channeled by the table's drip channel, as well as some minor drippings on
and around the floor area. There was a single shop vac with two hoses for
these sucking maids to use and make sure everything was kept all nice tidy.

Heidi didn't react much to being rinsed off, for the water was warm and she
no longer had to deal with those damn soap bubbles on her face. She did
however have to deal with her long sopping wet hair covering her face and
constantly dipping water into her eyes. But again, this did not last long
for now the rinse maids had become the drying maids. The drying maids used
two big white bath towels to dry her hair and skin. And as soon as Heidi'd
head was gone over vigorously with a towel, another maid came in right
after her with a hair dryer. Much of this maid's time was spent in drying
and combing Heidi's hair into something reasonably becoming. But once that
was done, the maid used the dryer on the rest of her body just like a
blower on a car wash would before she was all nice and squeaky clean.

The maids did a final quick going over of the object and the surrounding
area that the object was displayed upon. They were trained not to leave
until everything was dry and cleaned. Then they moved over to Katie, the
other "object" that needed a thorough cleaning as well.

The time it took to do both girls was just under a half hour. And that
included the cleaning of the tables and floor until they were all spotless.
Sheila held the door open for the cleaning crew to leave and as each one
passed by they each did a little curtsy as they were taught before leaving
the presents of a superior. But before Sheila could close the door two
regular French Maid dressed in the standard latex uniform with her gagged
mouth and dildoed filled pussy came mincing in. Each was carrying a tray,
but only one had anything on it and that one was covered by a cloth. Both
of these maids did a little bow of subservience before walking into the
center of the room and going into the standard maid's wait state.

"Ok Sheila, it's time to see exactly what we have to work with." And with
that both Judith and Sheila walked over to Katie.

Katie's eyes flared out big as she intently watched each woman approach her
and then disappear from her field of vision on either side of her. The
pleasant lingering effect of her warm systematic body washing did little to
diminish the premonition of inpending doom that was rising up inside of
her. Her body jerked when she felt the first hand on her back as it slowly
glided down along her spine and then circled her butt cheeks several times
before ending with a full hard grasp of her sexy ass.

"This one looks in good shape Sheila!" As Judith punctuated her statement
with a good hard smack on Katie's ass.

"Yes Ma'am, and she smells very good too." Now it was Sheila's turn to pet
and rub the soon to be ponygirl. Only she was more interested in the girls
thighs and calves like any trainer would.

"Yes she does. It must be from the soap. What is that scent anyway?"
Judith was perplexed by the fragrant aromatic bouquet that seemed to engulf
the girl. She then took a closer look at Katie's bung hole by grasping both
of her butt cheeks and spreading them far apart. After seeing nothing but a
healthy asshole that would probaly take a standard size plug she then
lowered her line of sight to check out the girl's pussy lips. Katie began
making soft fearful whimpering sounds as she could feel Judith gently
playing with her hairy bush and then fingering her labia lips and the
furrow between them.

"I think it's . . . Jasmine! Yes Ms. Davenport. It's Jasmine all right."
Sheila was please in knowing the answer for her mentor question as she then
turned her interests to Katie's hair.

Judith's interest also turned to the girl's head, and her breasts. One hand
took a good size grasp of Katie's firm, above average, pendulous breast
while the other ran her fingers through Katie's long beautiful red mane.

"Yes, I do believe your right Sheila. It is Jasmine. . . . And I think that
will be a good name for this ponygirl too, Jasmine! Do you understand me
ponygirl Jasmine?" Judith was addressing Katie, but she wanted to make sure
Katie got her message loud and clear by pulling her hair back hard.

The pain in Katie's scalp caused her to squint her eyes tightly close. And
in hopes of alleviating such a major discomfort, she instantly agreed with
her tormentor via a series of quick short grunts.

"Good ponygirl!" Judith then released her firm grip and began petting
Katie's head. "Then from now on you will respond to being called Jasmine.
What do you think Sheila?" Judith asked her assistant with a lovely smile
on her face while she continued to stroke the girl's thick head of
beautiful fiery red hair.

"I like it Ms. Davenport. It fits her well. Much better than any of the
other obvious names related to her lovely red hair, which is her natural
color by the way." Now it was Sheila's turn to pull on Katie's hair, but
her's was not hurtful. It was more like a gentle tugging as her fingers
slowly made their way through her long wavy locks.

"True, and she really does have very attractive hair, . . . pity."

The smile on Sheila's face had suddenly disappeared when she heard the
expressionless single word that ended her instructor's statement. She knew
very well what Judith meant by the word "pity". Her own existence as a
woman taught her how important a head of luscious silky hair was to a
girl's identity, to her very place in society even. And as she looked upon
the countless strands of long red silk flying through her fingers she felt
a touch of sympathy for girl. "Pity", she whispered under her breath.

But Katie didn't know. Or at least her conscious mind would not permit it.
But her unconscious sure did, as her stomach began feeling like it was all
tied up into knots.

Judith then turned her attention to Heidi. A special warm feeling began to
permeate her vengeful soul. She knew this was the girl who stole her red
hat and was also responsible for throwing a snow ball right smack into her
face. So under the guise of one turn deserves another, Judith was none too
gentle in examining her next ponygirl.

The results of her touch upon Heidi's soft delicate flesh could be heard
clear across the room. A series of vengeful smacks, grasps and pinches via
Judith's skilled hands were each accompanied by their own equally
expressive shrieks, grunts and painful wails by a very receptive and
hurting Heidi. If Judith was after her pound of flesh in compensation of a
debt due her, then she certainly was getting all that she deserved, and
then some.

Heidi tried her best to move her butt away, which was about the only thing
she could move about with any major degree. But her swaying from side to
side like a happy little puppy dog seem to egg Judith on even more. So much
so that Heidi could hear her tormentor giggle and laugh like a school girl
when she was able to lay a good hard one right on target. Thus Heidi's
conscious act to avoid further abuse upon her bottom soon became an
unconscious act to fan the pain away like the rubbing a sore arm.

After a few minutes Judith was finally through. Which left Heidi covered
with numerous red blotches from her ordeal. Her hind quarters got the brunt
of it though. But was it really Judith's fault that she got a little over
zealous back there? Heidi had the most incredibly rear end that seemed to
be made especially for a good ass whipping. It was all so big, and round,
and smooth, and it even quivered so delightfully when given a resounding
hard smack. But the best part of it was in how it glowed afterwards. It was
just like the nose on Rudolph the reindeer, all so dazzling bright and ever
so VERY red.

After her butt, Heidi's nipples and breasts got a little extra special
attention from Judith's critical eye and hands as well. Even though they
were basically the same size and shape as Katie's, Katie's never got the
same extensive going over as Heidi's did.

It was probably do to how Judith was feeling at the time. She just spent a
really good satisfying time tanning Heidi's ass to no end. Thus her desire
for revenge had been appeased, for now at least. But she was still running
in a highly charged emotional state. So when she caught sight of those two
bountiful breasts hanging and swaying in the breeze like that, she
naturally became enamored to them. And being the aggressive woman in
virtually all her life's passions, she attacked Heidi's two floating orbs
with the same fanaticism as she did with her butt.

Of course Heidi didn't like this one little bit. Having her breasts
sensuously rubbed, massage and squeezed repeatedly, especially by another
"woman" was something that was as difficult for her to take, mentally, as
was the physical abuse to her rear end. But what could she do? She was laid
prone on all fours, unable to move and at the hand, will and desire of an
obvious over sex lesbian. And she was completely powerless to do anything
about it. Except to moan and groan her displeasure and frustration that
only seemed like erotic love cooing to her nemesis's kinky ears. And if
Heidi ever wondered how a cow felt being milked by the groping of her
teats, she didn't have to any longer. The long sliding stretch and pull of
her nipples, starting from their base all the way to the tip, was a very
disconcerting feeling for her. Part of her liked it, as it somehow
stimulated something sexually inside of her right on down to her pussy. But
another part of her felt so very embarrassed and humiliated having to be on
all fours and "woman" handled in the same way as a dairy cow was giving her
mornings quart of milk.

But eventually Judith's interest in Heidi's body was pacified. That and
having a long list of things to do, places to go and people to see before
she could rest her weary bones in the soft warm confines of her bed for the
night. So she decided to get things going by turning her interest towards
Heidi's hair, pussy hair that is.

Judith simply reached over to Heidi's dense bush and selected a single long
hair and jerked it out.

Heidi instantly contracted her gut in response, while making a muffled high
pitch squeak at the same time. She so wanted to rub herself there, to rub
the pain away, but the hard stainless steel clamps kept her as she was. It
was Sheila who took some pity on the poor girl and began rubbing her there.
Around the pubic area. Just above her hood, and soon around the top and
side of it. With a light circular motion. And . . .

"Sheila, come here and take a look at this." Judith was under the main over
head lamp holding up the pubic hair and staring at it.

"Yes Ma'am" Sheila answered back a bit disappointed that she couldn't
continue masturbating the girl. But Heidi sure wasn't.

"Do you see this? The color I mean. It looks lighter. Here I'll show you."

And with that Judith took a strain of hair from Heidi's head and yanked it
out by the root as well. Again Heidi gave an audible response to having
more of her rich brown hair suddenly removed, all be it this time the pain
was not as bad, nor the indignity she suffered from winched it was taken
from.

"You see? Just as I thought! One is not the same shade as the other. Which
means this is totally unacceptable. We simply cannot use these two as
ponygirls like this. That's all there is to it!"

Immediately a ray of hope warmed the hearts of both girls. A slight
imperfection like that was going to save them from public ridicule. Thank
goodness for Ms. Davenport's critical eye and sense for perfection. Soon
they will be set free and all will be right with the world once more. Or so
both girls thought. But Sheila didn't.

And oh how hard it was for Sheila to keep a straight sober look on her
face. For she knew of her mentor's tormenting ways by playing on the two
girls hopes like she was.

"My oh my, and to think we almost let this happen. Remember now Sheila, in
the future, to always check for a good clean match, otherwise . . ." She
purposely let her words end like that and let the silence fill the gap and
heighten the suspense for the girls in question. Then as the few short
seconds ticked away like minutes Judith ended the heart pounding unknown by
adding an element of bone chilling horror to fill it with in three little
words.

"Sheila, the device!"

"Yes Ma'am" And as Sheila removed the cloth from the tray that one of the
maids was holding at attention in front of her. Katie and Heidi tried
desperately to see what Ms. Davenport's assistant was getting for her, for
them!

But it was no use. Sheila was too far back and out of view for even their
peripheral vision to see. All they could do was to listen very carefully
for any clues that might have given them some indication as to what it was.
It took only the amount of time for Sheila to remove the device from the
metal tray and then test it by switching it on and off for the two girls to
discover what they feared the most was indeed true. They heard it buzz!

"Here you are Ma'am. Fully charged, sharp as a razor and all ready to go."

Judith reached for it and slowly brought it towards her, right pass Heidi's
bulging eyes. She began inspecting it up close to Heidi's face to make sure
the girl could see it in all it's nasty details. Heidi could not keep from
staring at it like driving by a horrible accident, she had to look and keep
looking until Judith turned it on. That buzzing again caused her to blink
and come out of her panic stricken trace. And when the clippers were moved
again, she did not follow it with her eyes, but instead closed them and let
the tears that were slowly forming in her eyes begin to flow out and over
her very sad cheeks.

Heidi knew there was no escape. If she tried like before to struggle
relentless it would only mean more excruciating pain for her. She
remembered that the shocker was set at level 5 now, and level 4 was a bad
enough experience to last her a life time. 'Better to suffer the emotional
humiliating grief of being sheared like a sheep then to experience the
actual physical pain of having my muscles turned into jell-O,' she thought
to herself in hopes that it might help her accept the inedible. But when
she felt the physical vibrations of the clippers touching the front of her
head and then slowly being pushed through the dense growth of her beautiful
hair, all the way to the back of her head, nonstop tears and shrieks of
panic stricken devastation filled the air. She thought that she was only
going to loose her pussy bush, not her precious head of brown beautiful
hair! And then the tears ran down her cheeks like a sudden down pour of
rain.

While Judith did the cutting, Sheila did her best to collect what was cut
away and then placed it on the empty tray held by the other maid. Judith
was taking her time and being very systematic with her progress. She made
sure one path, one harvested row of radiant long tresses, was cut to the
very nubs from front to back before she stared on the next adjacent tract.
That's the way she did things sometimes, performing a task in a slow
methodical manner with an eye for detail. Especially when there was so much
pleasure to be reaped from such an endeavor. And this one was the absolute
best! Taking away another woman's pride and joy, the very heart of her
femininity no less, while she was powerless to do anything about it made
her craving for revenge feel almost satiated.

Sheila could easily see the realized satisfaction on her mentor's face. And
as a result, she too felt a certain level of shared pleasure in empathizing
with her boss's joy as she carefully stacked one bundle after another of
dark brown hair on the polished silver tray. Katie too was sympathizing
with her dear friend, as she too echoed her friends sadness and desolation
with tears and groans of misery.

In all, the time it took to remove the entire crown of Heidi's womanly
virtue was less than a quarter hour. Not nearly long enough to suit
Judith's taste, but far too long for the now brush cut Heidi not to
continue to grieve over.

Judith handed the deactivated clippers over to Sheila while she used both
of her eager awaiting hands to stroke and rub the clear cut forest of her
depressed foe. She positively loved the feel of it! The tiny little hairs
that stood up like so many tree stumps now. It tickled her to no end to
race her hands over the soft, round, ball-like surface that was now Heidi's
fuzz covered head. She kept moving her hands back and forth along the sides
just above the ears that now look so funny as they stuck out like sore
thumbs from the sides of her head. And then making big and small circles
over and around the crown of the Heidi's head, going so fast that she could
feel heat building up from the friction. Something that Heidi felt too, but
did not respond in the same playful giddy way that Judith did.

Katie strained her eyes to the very corners of their sockets to see what
she heard as the bitter/sweet going on's next to her. But what she could
see was that of Judith having the time of her life at her friend's obvious
expense. Something that made her very ill, because she knew that she would
soon be next.

As with all good things, this too had to come to an end, for Judith at
least. The evening was rapidly getting late and she wanted these two out of
preparation tonight and into bed as soon as possible. This way they could
be well rested and ready to be trained first thing in the morning. Thus it
was necessary that things moved quickly from this point on. Plus there was
the fact that Judith still had many managerial decisions to make with her
other departments. Things were mounting up and Judith knew the only way a
good manger could deal with them without going crazy was to delegate.

So Judith needed to delegate the task of cutting Katie's hair and shaving
both girls heads and pussies to Sheila. This way she could catch up on some
work using the workstation terminal and keep an eye on Sheila at the same
time.

But after Sheila finished clipping Katie's hair, Judith found that this
current situation was just not adequate for her. There were area's and
people of her underground organization that she just had to be with in
person. So what she really needed was to be in two places at once, but that
was a child's fantasy wish. Then there was a knock on the door.

Both free women looked at one another as if to question the other as to
whether they were expecting someone. Then Judith gave her assistant a nod
of the head to go see who it was.

As soon as Sheila opened the door and seen who it was she took an alarming
step back. Immediately Judith stood up from her chair and looked at her
assistant's who was now standing straight as a rail and still gawking at
whoever was in the hallway.

"Sheila! Who is it?" she asked in a clear loud voice from across the room.

Sheila turned her head and looked over at Judith. Her face was glowing with
an unspeakable surprise. Judith could see her mouth moving, but no words or
sounds were coming from it.

The door was a little more open now, but it was still blocking Judith's
view.

Judith could not stand the suspense any longer. So she walked around the
workstation, down the center aisle between the two fuzz head sniveling
girls, took hold of the door knob and briskly opened the door the rest of
the way.

Now she could see why her assistant was reacting so. For there, standing
directly in front of her, was a fat old man that reminded her of Santa
Claus in a three piece suit, bowler hat and a well trimmed white beard. He
had a smile on his face that was beaming nothing but joy and happiness.

"Sir Winfred!" Judith said with a certain school girl charm and adoration.

The man that her receptionist told her was coming to see her was now here.
He was also the man that Judith believed was going to save the day for her,
if she played her cards right.

As she held out her hand in eager welcoming friendship she thought to
herself, ''Tis the Season for wishes to come true.'


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 4 coming soon, hopefully before Christmas.

Can Judith talk Sir Winfred into working his magic with the two girls? And
what other things are in need of Judith's personal interest?

Stay tune!




This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.




                           "'Tis the Season"


                  The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia"


                               by Musker



                               (part 4)

                    "Santa Claus is Coming to Town"


Sheila watched in excited surprise while her boss gleefully greeted and
gesture said English gentleman into the room. She knew little of the old
man, who her mentor called Sir Winfred, other than his reputation. But
within seconds of being introduced to him she could readily see that one
part of this most highly regarded man's persona lived up to it's notoriety.
He definitely was one jolly old soul.

As the happy cavorting pair slowly walked down the center aisle, Sheila
told the escorting french maid that her services were no longer needed.
The maid with her ever present painted on smiling lips over a bulging
packed mouth preformed her ritual curtsy before a superior, turned and
left. The echo of her stiletto heels complimenting nicely the sway of her
petticoat fanny as she minced down the hallway and on her way to her next
subservient duty.

After the door was closed, Sheila turned and saw the mixed couple still in
a boisterous conversation as they stood casually at the end of the aisle.
They were so into one another lives that they were completely oblivious to
the two fetching french maids standing off to the side of them. The well
trained maids continued to stand at attention, holding their serving trays
motionless in front of them and both as silent as church mouses.

Even the two soon to be ponygirls, looking like erotic pale statues and
making the faintest of lamentations over the loss of their precious long
feminine locks, did not catch their fascination. They just kept on talking
and laughing, so pleased in hearing the favorable developments in one
another's life.

Then the topic of business came to light and their generous gaiety was
slowly replaced by a less informal and more sobering atmosphere. That's
when Sheila moved in closer to these two successful business types to try
and hear what they were saying.

They were talking about their stock and trade now. Sir Winfred lightly
bragging at how, even in retirement, he was still up to his pure white
whiskers in having far too much work to do for an old man in the golden
years of his life. And then he thanked Judith most profusely and
gentlemanly like for all that she had done for him in the past. For
providing him with good quality merchandise like leather hardnesses and
bridles at the drop of his dapper looking bowler hat. Not to mention for
being an excellent source for well obedient slaves to which he meticulously
transformed into becoming his legendary top rated ponygirls. Ponygirls that
brought them both amazing profits from Judith's underground auction block.

Then Sheila heard her boss reply most hospitably in kind to Sir Winfred,
culminating with a gentle stroke of her delicate hand upon the side of his
snowny white bearded face. Something that made the old boy rise up on his
toes and brought a health glow to his now rosy red cheeks.

Right after that was when her boss asked the happy old man for a favor. And
that's when the entire mood suddenly changed.

"My Dear Madame!" the old man exclaimed with surprise upon hearing Judith's
request. He then turned his amazed eyes to his left, where a bristle headed
Heidi remained on full captivating display. His well experienced gaze ran
back and forth over every inch of this female creature. The result of
which, was easy to read in his face. He saw nothing but a common, every
day, run of the mill animal, of the human persuasion. An totally
unconditioned female slave who was unrealistically earmarked for a role
"it" had not in the least bit been trained for.

He began shaking his head in quiet disbelief at what Judith wanted him to
do. Then he made an abrupt about face and gave another intense learned scan
at the other inductee into this fantasy project of his lady friend and
business partner. Again he saw nothing of promise, let alone substance, to
change his mind. The pair of shackled female beasts were so unbelievably
mismatched for what was to be expected of them that he thought it was all
just a farce, a simple joke played on him as a weird expression of America
humor. But when he turned his now happy expression back to Judith, after
realizing that it was all a play of comedy, the look he received back from
her foretold a story not of comedy, but one of tragedy.

"My dear Ms. Davenport, your request of me must certainly be a rouse.
Surely you cannot believe, nay, even remotely hope that such an important
undertaking could possibly be accomplished in the time allowed? Especially
with these two inexplicably low quality ragged a-muffins here."

Heidi and Katie both had the same mixed feeling when they heard the old man
degrade them in such a way. Part of them was happy that they were not good
enough to be used for something so debasing and humiliating as ponygirls.
But another part of them felt unexplainably angered. They knew they had
above averaged full womanly bodies and did their best to keep them that
way. So to be rejected on just some simple quick look-see of their bodies
by some snobbish old English fart made then feel very antagonistic. Even
though the put down was really in their best interest.

"I am very sorry to say this Sir Winfred, but alas, it is true." Judith did
her best to the play the part of a distressed female. And is so doing she
was setting the stage that she hoped would make Sir Winfred take over the
girl's overnight transformation.

"But, but, my dear Lady. Look what you have here to work with." Sir Winfred
turned to Katie and began making cruel factual remarks as to how unfit she
was for the anointed position of becoming one of his renowned ponygirls.
And to make his point even more self evident he began poking Katie with the
end of his tightly bound umbrella.

"You see here Madame, in her flanks and hind quarters." Katie began yelling
in a most aggressive way through her gag from being jabbed over and over
again in the thighs and hips by this obnoxious and arrogant old English
bob.

"And here too Madame." Sir Winfred whipped himself about face again. His
umbrella flying through the air making a distinct whistling sound until it
came to land with full force with a resounding crisp loud smack across the
butt cheeks of Heidi.

"MMMMMMMFF!" Shrieked Heidi when she felt the excruciating pain that
resulted from such an unexpected act of abuse upon her beautiful womanly
derriere. A shocking pain so intense that it seemed to burn right through
her continued agonizing soul.

"You see my dear Lady, nothing but fat! Very little muscle development at
all. And not nearly enough for these two misshapen creatures to pull a mer
flower cart, let alone a sleigh loaded with packages."

"Yes, I do see what you mean Sir Winfred. But with all due respects the
sleigh that they will be pulling will be modified to have rollers under it.
Which means their burden as draft horses will be practically nonexistent.
So their role will be delegated to that akin to show ponies then to work
horses."

"Show ponies!" Sir Winfred was again taken aback, more so now with this
second surprise.

"My dear, dear Madame. You can't be serious. You just have to agree with me
when I say that these two girls don't have the least bit of physical
attractiveness to be show ponies."

The bound girls wrinkled their brows, tighten their fists and made a token
effort to escape their degrading naked captivity upon hearing that
priceless gem of wisdom commenting on their "lack" of physical appeal.
Granted they were not the model types, but they were certainly not homely,
plain or down right butt ugly either. They were above average cute college
girls in the prime of their lives. And if the truth be known, in great
demand by many a handsome guy who caught their seductive feminine curves
and youthful fresh care free attitude on campus. They most certainly "did"
have appeal, and their female form was not lacking in the least with
regards to sexual attractiveness either. No matter what this pontificating
English blow hard's opinion was.

"Just look at them Ms. Davenport. Their hip to waist ratio is totally out
of control. And look at the shape of their spine. Hardly any curve to it
what so ever. How are they suppose to project their chest out with pride
and sensuality with such deplorable posture like that? They are simple a
mess Ms. Davenport. Something I would never touch for all the tea in China
my dear Lady."

The girls began twitching their bodies anxiously trying to get free. They
wanted to tell this so-so English expert a thing or two about what a
blatant asshole he really was. More so than they wanted to escape there
impending humiliation.

Judith sighed upon hearing what her friend had said. Not from what his
words meant about the girls, which was true, but as part of her act as a
poor lost female in dire need of help. She knew the power inherited in
being a fair damsel in distress, especially in what it did to the male
psyche. So she was playing it up to the hilt. It was do or die time for her
secrete agenda to come to fruit.

"Yes Sir Winfred, I can see your point on that subject too. But what am I
going to do?" Judith raised her right hand to her eye as if to wipe a tear
that was about to run down her cheek.

Sheila was totally surprised at what she saw. Never had she seen her boss
and mentor look so helpless and out of control before. Each and every time
she worked with Ms. Davenport she always, ALWAYS, had the courage of her
convictions and the will to see a job through no matter what the cost. But
now . . .

Sir Winfred took a moment. He was all set on walking out and leaving Judith
to work out her problems. But he just could not bring himself to leave a
friend in need. A very good looking and cultured womanly friend at that. So
being your standard soft hearted male with a superior ego to solve any
problem at hand, he made the following proposal.

"I have a suggestion Ms. Davenport. What if I flew in two of my very own
ponygirls for you to use. They will look perfect and perform for you just
like first class ponygirls should. And if I make the call tonight, they can
be here all harness and ready to go by the end of the day tomorrow. I
believe that will solve your problem dear Lady."

Judith had her hook in him now. With his suggestion to her, she knew he
felt compassion and empathy for her situation. All she had to do now was to
set the hook and real him in. And she knew exactly how to do it too.

"Oh you are such a dear, dear, sweet man Sir Winfred." She brushed the side
of his face with her hand letting her finger tinkle him a bit under his
full chin just behind his beard. An act that brought a bashful smile to his
face and made his cheeks turn crimson red again.

"But Madame Rouso so wanted these particular two to draw her sleigh. And I
would surely disappoint her to no end if I substituted another pair, even
if they were of such a prized pair of ponygirls as yours would no doubt be.
I fear that my path is set in stone now Sir Winfred. And I have no choice
but to make due with what I have. Even though they are what they are,
substandard and beyond all hope."

The smile of Sir Winfred's face quickly disappeared as did the color in his
cheeks.

"Madame Rouso?" His soft voice questioned. "You didn't tell me that Madame
Rouso wanted these two, and only these two, explicitly, Ms. Davenport."

"Oh, I am sorry Sir Winfred. They are going to be used for Madame Rouso's
party that you are invited to. She is going to ride them into the party in
a grand entrance."

There was a hushed silence that permeated the room now. A silence that only
the lightly straining sounds of the bound and displayed girls made any dent
in.

Sir Winfred began staring at Heidi, but not really seeing her. He did so
for a few seconds that seemed like hours to Judith as she waited eagerly
for the response that was only moments away now. She knew that Sir Winfred
had a childhood crush on Madame Rouso and practically do anything for her
to get her attention. So by dropping her name like she did she was actually
setting the hook she had on him.

"All right Ms. Davenport." Sir Winfred said in a solid voice that stood the
test of time. "I'll do it. But on two conditions," he added in the same
bold tone that reflected the British virtue of perseverance until the task
was done.

Judith looked at him steadfast. His words told her that she had succeeded
in her goal and all that remained was some non-consequential formalities,
the proverbial few loose ends to be tie up if you. To which she knew was
the hall mark of all properly raised English Gentlemen.

"Anything Sir Winfred!" Judith uttered with her elated eyes focused
squarely on his.

"I will make these two "grossly" less than desirable creatures into the
best ponygirls I can, But! I must have and I further more "DEMAND" complete
autonomy. I will do it my way and "only" my way. My word on any issue is
the final word. Agreed?"

"Of course Sir Winfred." Judith said it with as much assurance as she
could. She did not like the idea that she would have no say in this
project. But given that it was Sir Winfred who was in charge, she knew the
results would be most acceptable.

"The second condition is that I need a liaison. I need someone to act as a
buffer between myself and what I need from your people. I do not wish to
spend my precious time and energy hunting down people or dealing with
certain attitudes that what I want is impossible. I want what I want and
when I want it! All my time and effort will have to go into these two
pitiful female's transformation, and I will have very little left for the
natural fanfair of politicing my needs. So, I will need an inbetween person
to listen to what I want and then go out and get it! Agreed?"

Judith had to think about this one. Not that she couldn't fulfil Sir
Winfred's wishes, but who would be capable of dealing with such a creative
man as he and his eccentricities at times in a most diplomatic way. She new
how dogmatic and inpatient he could be sometimes, not unlike her when she
was in the thick of artistic creation. Thus after thinking for a few
minutes she finally came up with one able body person perfect for the job.

"Agreed Sir Winfred! And if you find her acceptable, I would be pleased to
present to you your liaison. Sheila here is my very own assistant and more
than capable of performing the task you have planned for her. I vouch for
her myself. To her tenacity, to her high regard for authority and to her
over all love of the genera."

Sheila was stunned to hear what her boss and mentor just said about her.
And it took her a good minute for her to break out of her trace like high
from being presented like that to a person who she also admired from afar.
Then she took two steps forward to where she was now standing right next to
her famed teacher and to where Sir Winfred could see her in all her glory.

But Sir Winfred was not one to accept token praise on anyone's word only.
Thus he gave Sheila an once going over with his critical eye and
expressionless face before turning his gaze back to Judith. "She will be
acceptable", was all he said.

"Now if you would be so kind to get me a coat rack, I can begin." And with
that Sir Winfred took his bowler hat and placed it on the head of Katie. An
act that covered the vast majority of her head going down to about an inch
past her ears. The shiny satin like material that lined the inside cap
rested sedately on the minute hairs that still remained on top of her head
while the front velvety smooth brim was peached passively upon the tip of
her petite nose. The only thing Katie could see from looking down over her
cheeks was a small piece of floor and some light that came from under the
brim of the hat.

The next thing Katie felt was some sort of heavy cloth being draped over
her back such that some of it hung over on both of her sides. She reasoned
that it must have been the old man's coat that he placed attentively over
her back like it was.

'Why bother getting a coat rack when you could use me for one!' Katie said
to herself in a sarcastic tone that only her mind could hear. Then her
disgruntled feeling turned to one of alarm when she felt a pair of rough
hands begin to spread her butt cheeks apart, followed by a stick like thing
being worked in between them and along it's natural vertical delineation.
Finally, she felt her butt cheeks being released. It took her only a moment
to realize that the crack of her ass was now being used to hold Sir
Winfred's umbrella in place.

Katie had to fight back the tears in how humiliated she felt in being used
like some common piece of furniture. A feeling that was made all the more
worst because of her darken solitude caused by the oversize hat. But she
still had the use of her ears, all be it even her hearing had been dampen
down a bit due to the same damn hat. But if she concentrated really hard
and listen very carefully she could still make out a good deal as to what
was going on around her. The first of which was the voice of Ms. Davenport
speaking on the phone.

"Trixie, send a coat rack to the preparation room. Good, thank you. The
coat rack will be here in a few minutes Sir Winfred. In the mean time,
would you care to look at what Madame Rouso wanted in her ponygirls as well
as some ideas I had too?" Judith was eager to show her friend and business
partner some of her ideas. For to receive some positive feedback from such
a well know entity in the genera of ponygirls would definitely feed her
ego. Something everyone could use now and then.

"Of course my dear." The old man began walking around the work station
while at the same time rolling up his sleeves ready to get started as soon
as possible.

Sheila too was in motion. Except she was walking in the opposite direction
of her new mentor and teacher. She had just made some adjustments to the
control mechanisms that held Heidi's right leg in place. Before, Heidi was
on all fours with both her legs firmly clamped to the table. Now, her right
leg was raised off the table an appreciable distance by those same two
clamps until she looked like a male dog about to urinate on the side of a
tree. A position that was not at all comfortable or dignified for poor
Heidi.

Sheila then walked over to the maid who had the clippers on her tray and
removed a coffee cup with a stubby wooden handle sticking out of it. She
grasped the handle and began using it to vigorously mix the contents
inside it. It didn't take long before the right consistency was created and
Sheila removed the stubby handled brush from the shaving mug and began
smearing the white foamy contents all over Heidi's pubic hairs.

Heidi could feel the warmth of the lather being spread so delicately by the
soft bristle brush all over her pussy. An act that made her feel both
sensuously aroused and thoroughly degraded. She tried her best to move away
or disown her increasing erotic sensitivity, but she was nothing more than
captured prey now. She was totally unable to escape the mechanical grasp
that held her firmly to the table and her leg in the air, or to stop the
experienced advances of a merciless hungry lesbian at her hedonistic task
either.

And it was very hard for Sheila too. Her eager mind wanted to absorb
everything that Ms. Davenport was telling Sir Winfred. About how she
planned on using the girls own hair to make their pony tails with. What she
had in mind for a body harness to keep the girls arms folded on top of one
another behind their backs, wrist to elbows. And the type of bridles and
bits she thought might work best on them. But Sheila's lusting urges wanted
equal time as well. She was about to shave the crotch hairs of a very good
looking young woman. A bound, unwilling woman at that, something that
excited her lesbian cravings and dominating desires to no end. It was lucky
for both Heidi and Sheila that a safety razor was on the serving tray
instead of a straight razor else a nick or two would be hard pressed from
happening. And as the first long slow cut was made on the farthest edge of
the snow white covered mound, a soft, barely heard, whimpering sound
accompanied every inch of it in it's delightful feminine controlled travel.

The shaving process, as well as the background conversation, went on for
several minutes. Long, emotionally agonizing minutes for Heidi, and Sheila
too. Being the mounted and display artifact of kinky perverted lust that
Heidi was, she could do nothing to counteract her totally forced upon
subjugated situation. Nothing saved one. To keep from responding erotically
to the sexual stimulation of her female barber. It wasn't the warmth of
shaving cream or the feel of the safety razor slowly be moved up and down
and all around her pussy area that made it so tuff for her, although they
were of some notable concern. It was the feel of that damn girl's fingers
as they glided around the same path the razor plowed through when checking
for a good clean cut. The way they lingered in certain spots, up and down
her labia lips and around her clitoral hood, gathering some creamy foam in
the process and just touching her there, so gently, around and around and
around, feeling for the faintest of hairs and only finding smooth sensitive
skin in the process. That is what made it all so distressing for poor
aroused Heidi.

For Sheila, it was the inability of being in two places at one time. Her
spirit longed to be there, right in the thick of it with her two mentors as
Judith discussed in detail the up coming transformation. While at the same
time she had to make sure she did an excellent job in shaving the girl's
pussy. A task that was not without it's own interesting appeal. And if it
wasn't for this, on going tactile sensation that was literally driving
Sheila up the wall with entranced fascination, then that first look at a
beautiful, youthful, denude pussy that beckon her to play with it was a
major distraction on it's own.

But when Sheila made the final pass with a soft damp towel to remove the
last bit of white foam from the newly revealed feminine symbol of pure
erotic glory, she did feel a little sad in the process.

Just the opposite of what Heidi felt. That insatiable inciting hand was
gone. So now she could stop fighting the constant building urge to give in
to the desires of the flesh and let those erotic feelings slowly dissipate
from her being.

As Heidi glided effortless down from one intense emotional state, another
was waiting patiently for her in the wings, embarrassment. She was
positioned like a dog taking a piss so as to display her newly hairless
pussy to anyone wishing to take a good long look. So how could she not feel
the face burning mark of complete humiliation. But before the one could be
replaced by the other, "fear" took center stage in her conscious awareness.

For what she thought was the end of her denigrate journey, that there was
nothing they could do to her to make her feel any worst then she already
did, she discovered a new depth to her turmoil. And it started as soon as
Sheila began brushing more of that sweet smelling shaving cream upon the
top of her head.

Heidi closed her distraught eyes in disbelief. 'How could they be so cruel'
she thought to herself. It was one thing to have her long beautiful hair
cut down to the very nubs like a shone sheep, but to have whatever hopeful
prospects scalped clean off until her head looked like a shiny billiard
ball was beyond human reason to accept. But Heidi was so done in by what
she had experienced so far that all she had left in her was a single tear
that ran down the side of her cheek. It was a simple act of quiet respect
to the lost of something that she held so near and dear to her pretty
feminine heart.

Sheila was too busy trying to catch a peek at what was being transpired on
the other side of the work station for her to take much interest in Heidi's
tear of woe. In fact, when she did see it, she simply wiped it off with the
side of her hand without any regard to how much emotional misery was
contained inside it. Again she was too busy with the task at hand, and
shaving the girl's head was just that, a task. Sheila had little sexual
interest in creating a bald headed female. Oh it had it's amusing qualities
and all. It even gave her a little boost to her dominating spirit to be the
instrument of the girl's dehumanization. But for all practical purpose, it
was nothing more than a job. But a job to do well never-the-less!

When Sheila had Heidi's head all lathered up, she looked like she was
wearing some kind of weird white lumpy scull cap. And she was made to look
all the more funny by having two foamy lines now right where her eyebrows
where. Those same two eyebrows that Heidi spent the longest time trimming,
contouring and shaping until they gave her the perfect look that she
wanted, all nice and symmetrical. But they didn't last long. For they were
the first to go. Two quick swipes with the safety razor and those two
expressive ached brows were no more. Only boring barren skin remained
behind.

Sheila had just started on Heidi's head when she heard Ms. Davenports voice
in a louder tone reflecting a conversation that was coming to an end.

"And I believe that's about it Sir Winfred." Again Judith was eager to hear
what the experienced old man had to say, which up to now was nothing but a
series of grunts and nods of the head. He simply took it all in without
hardly a single comment.

"I see. Well my dear you do have some very good ideas. But again, I must
reiterate, I must have the final say in how these girls are to be made
over. No one else."

Judith seen it in his eyes, even though his words said otherwise. It was
just his way that's all. And at his age, and with his reputation, very
little stood in his way of getting what he wanted. Not that he was a
conceited egomaniac with delusions of grandeur. It was simply that he
thought of himself as an artist and what he did to young women as an
expression of that art. Not much difference from her own way of thinking in
a way.

They were both two highly gifted and talented people who chosen a certain
off-center media to practice their unique artistry in. Where her artform
was varied and broad, his was focused and detailed. Opposite faces of the
same coin with curious personalities destine to never share the same lime
light. And since she was the one in need of help, she decided that
discretion was the better part of valor. She will accepted whatever Sir
Winfred came up with. After all, too many cooks can spoil the broth.

"Of course Sir Winfred. Whatever you wish to do will be fine with me", she
said with a gentle smile. "Feel free to use my terminal for whatever you
wish and you have Sheila here to do your bidding. I'll be dropping by late
to see how things are progressing and if you needed anything out of the
ordinary. And with that my dear friend, I bid you good luck." Judith then
extended her hand out in good will.

Sir Winfred took her hand in his and warmly embraced it with his other
before saying, "Don't worry my dear. I will make them into the finest
ponygirls humanly possible. A prized pair that you and Madame Rouso will be
proud of."

Judith returned Sir Winfred's tender gesture with an affectionate caress of
her hand on the side of his cheek. Then she parted his company.

Sir Winfred took a seat at the terminal while Judith walked around to where
Sheila was briskly shaving the tiny hairs off the soon to be ponygirl's
shiny bald head.

"Sheila," Judith said in a hush voice not wishing to disturb her friend who
was already working hard at the keyboard. "You have a wonderful opportunity
before you. Do what he says, but learn as much as you can. He is a Master
at his trade and you can learn a lot from him in only a short time."

"Yes Ma'am." Sheila said with a hint of added nervousness to her already
excited state.

"Don't worry dear, you will do fine. Just do what Sir Winfred asks of you
and take good care of Jasmine and . . . My goodness! We completely forgot
to name the other one. Well, I leave that up to you dear. See you in a
little while. Good luck. OH! You are doing an excellent job in shaving her
Sheila. This one really has a nice pussy with all that nasty hair gone. I
hope Sir Winfred gives due consideration to showing it off." Judith then
gave Sheila a little hug and headed out. She was so confident in the
combined abilities of both Sir Winfred and Sheila that she exited the room
without taking a second look.

Judith's mind was already on the next item on her virtual enless list of
people to see as soon as was outside the door. She was walking down the
same corridor as before and when she arrived at the foyer she was a bit
startled to see that Trixie wasn't there. In fact, if it wasn't for the
cleaning crew, the foyer itself would have been completely deserted. She
took a quick look at her watch and seen that it was well into the evening.
Way beyond the normal work day, even for those few dedicated souls who put
in a few more hours because they loved it so. But she knew there would be
one certain person left around, working feverishly into the dark hours of
the night. So she made a quick mental change in her itinerary and put The
Count at the heard of her list for tonight.

Judith could never forget such a fine and attractive gentleman as The
Count. He was a tall devilishly handsome man with dark piercing eyes and
rich wavy black hair with just a touch of gray at the temples. There was
many a time that Judith yearned to run her fingers through that luscious
dense mane of his as a prelude to a night of hot wanton passion. Only to
have said fantasy dissolve into nothingness in the light of rational
thought as to who he really was.

He was Count Guido Corsini, a man descended of royal Italian ancestry. A
highly educated man, of culture, social importance and financial wealth. He
also had a voice and mannerism that made Judith's heart melt like butter on
a hot grill. But if the obvious class difference was not enough to keep
Judith's hands out of the aristocrat's cookie jar, then the fact that he
was married sure did. Married to a rich and powerful wife who was known to
deal unkindly with women who dared take even a slightest nibble of what was
hers and hers alone. But it was the fantasy of what one could not have, or
dare have with dyer consequences, that always made the dream so tantalizing
and mouth watering to contemplate.

A warm feeling began coursing through her body when she remembered their
first meeting. It was a few months back when Madame Rouso introduced him to
her at Madame's estate. Back then, it appeared that Madame had a bit of a
delicate problem of sorts, to which The Count was going to be the solution
thereof. And once Judith found out what The Count's "interesting hobby" was
and how he was going to use it to solve Madame Rouso's problem, Judith
could not volunteer her services fast enough. It was the mixture of his
suave Italian charm and his "interesting hobby" that really captured
Judith's attention that one fateful evening.

So, since Judith had an extensive underground work shop with everything The
Count could ask for, including secured concealment, it was a natural choice
by all three that the "special project" be carried out in the catacombs of
Judith's lair. A decision that immediately gave Judith erotic goose bumps.

However, when Madame Rouso took Judith off to the side to explain to her
the ramification of dealing with The Count in anything other than a
business manner, Judith had a sudden change of heart. Even Madame Rouso had
a healthy respect for a powerful woman moved to madness out of jealous
rage. Something she had to learn to hard way a long time ago.

The news was a bitter pill for Judith to take, especially when she had to
deal with The Count's natural Italian ways on a regular bases. But she seen
the entire event as a kind of test for herself. A test of inner self
control and her integrity as a woman who respected the institution of
marriage and of another woman's property, sort of speak. Even though that
certain property in question came to her always impeccably dressed in fine
Italian silk suits that displayed his strapping manly build in the most
flattering way possible. And who wore expensive cologne that instinctively
made her nostril flare with raw, unbridled, animal cravings.

Oh it was going to be a difficult test for her all right. That's why she
seen to it that her daily itinerary was full of things to do, places to go
and people to see. This way she could keep her distance from this romantic
Casanova without a problem manifesting itself from a period of instant
weakness on her part. There was also the fact that he was on European time,
which meant he did most of his work at night, when she and most of her
staff were out of his seducing influence. Thus, the vast majority of their
communications was delegated to disembodied phone messages and matter of
fact e-mail. Something Judith could easily deal with.

And now, with the passage of time, The Count's special project had come to
an end. The unveiling was to be at the same time and place as the Christmas
party, at Madame's home. Although it would not be the main event.

Judith was so busy for the last couple of months that she never physically
checked on The Count's progress. But she was anxious to see how it all came
out now. Never had she seen such an artist at work. It was amazing what
that man could do with just a simple corset.

So Judith began her walk to another hallway that was dedicated to her
research and development staff. She had to take small mincing steps because
the ever vigilant cleaning staff was well into making the floor, walls and
furniture all spotlessly clean and their equipment was all over the place.
They seemed to be the same cleaning crew that came in to clean her future
ponygirls earlier, or so she thought. Given the fact that their unique
distinguishing features as viable human beings were now obliterated by
their tight head to toe rubber maids uniforms, it was impossible to tell if
they really were the same ones or not. And considering that there were
three more of them now, the natural assumption would be that they were a
different group of generic work units this time. Either way, Judith
successfully traversed the obstacle course and was well on her way down the
hall to her much anticipated meeting with The Count.

It only took a few seconds after rounding a corner when she heard some
faint music playing. The more she walked on, the louder it got. When she
reached the first door on the left she knew it was coming from the other
side. She stood silent and listened closely to the tune. It sounded very
familiar to her. A few seconds later, after she reached way back in the
achieves of her mind, she discovered the answer. She smiled big and wide as
her head and body began moving to the beat of the Bee Gees "Stay'n Alive".

She turned the knob, flung open the door and began dancing her happy self
straight into the room. She was momentary blinded by the mixture of
darkness and flashing light, but it wasn't enough to keep her from enjoying
herself. It was like a flash back for her. Back to the time when disco was
king and practically every night club in town was pumping out that hot
grinding beat to dance floors loaded with young, sweaty, sexy bodies.

Judith had just about lost herself in the loud driving sound and sparkling
darkness when the music suddenly came to a stop. Followed by the room being
flooded with lights.

"Ms. Davenport?" a young male voice questioned in a surprise shocked tone.
"We, ummmm, we . . . we were just trying her out to see how, ummmm, to see
if it worked and all. If we knew you were coming, we, we would have
prepared for you, much better, really!" The male voice was a bit taken off
guard. He was a young man, fairly knew, someone's cousin or nephew perhaps.
Someone with a knack or the smarts to get things done the way Judith wanted
certain human "things" done.

"Oh Harry, don't worry about it. It's fantastic just as it is. You couldn't
have presented your project in a more appropriate light then you did right
now. I am really, honestly, impressed with the results you reached. Can you
lower her down so I can get a better look at it?"

"Of course Ms. Davenport! Right away Ma'am." The young man in his long
white lab coat and his same dressed associate, an equally youthful looking
young woman who was dancing with him prior to Judith's appearance, were
quickly moving around almost bumping into one another trying to fulfill
their boss's request.

As the large shiny bauble was lowered from the ceiling Judith could not
help but be all smiles. For your standard mirror covered ball used in
lounges and dance clubs everywhere was in fact a young woman. She was
placed in a kind of hanging hogtie and covered with small pieces of
mirrored glass.

It was a last minute order from her friend Fransoir in Paris. He wanted
something special to celebrate Christmas and New Year's Eve with for his
club. So he sent over Wanda, a very tall well endowed black woman. She was
to be the clay if you will, from which Judith's creative staff were to mold
her into an eye catching ornament for his club.

Wanda thought she knew what to expect when she boarded that plane in Paris,
unencumbered and happy as a lark. She knew she was to be fitted with some
sort of extravagant costume here in the United States. Then later, when she
was back in Paris, she was to wear it and model it for her boss and all the
patrons at his club come Christmas and New Year's Eve. A combined task that
she was going to be paid a good sum of money for. But it wasn't until she
felt the beginning effects of a sedative hidden in her drink while waiting
in a room upstairs in the boutique that she began to feel that not all was
explained to her like she thought it was.

At that point the glittering object ceased it's downward path and remained
hanging at about waist high. There was no discernable movement that could
be seen except for a gentle sway that embodied the entire contorted
silhouette.

"Amazing work Harry!" Judith said with intense fascination as she began
walking around the living ornament. "You and your team deserve a lot of
credit for creating such a wonderful object in such a short time."

The young couple began to smile now as their once worried looks were
dismissed away with that last positive comment.

"Thank you Ms. Davenport!" These happy words, and it's feminine echo, were
all that broke the silence of the room that was once bursting with sound.

"Is she still conscious? Or just drugged and sleeping? She seems so still
and quiet." The face of Judith turned to one of puzzlement when she could
not make hide nor hair out of the condition of the sizeable young woman
inside.

The young man reached for a small palm size monitor and then took it to
show Judith.

"She's alive and well Ms. Davenport. And she's very much awake. See here on
the screen."

Judith looked at it and saw an outline of a female in Wanda's position on
the screen. It had various points of interest and marks all over it's body
as well as some basic information regarding heart rate, respiration, blood
pressure, etc, at the very bottom. It told her that the girl was alive all
right, but that's all.

"How do you know that she isn't asleep or unconscious with that thing?"
Judith turned her eyes to the young Harry now.

"Right here Ms. Davenport, in the upper left hand corner. This small light
is green indicating that she is awake. If it were brown then she would be
asleep." For Harry, what his monitor told him was all he needed to know.
However, what he saw in Judith's eyes was anything but assurance that what
he was showing her was actually so. So he decided to prove his point.

"Here Ms. Davenport, I'll show you." And with that the two moved to the
head part of the object.

The entire object, in it's current configuration, was quite large. But than
Wanda was quite a big woman. Not in girth mind you, like one would see in a
jolly old Santa Claus. Wanda was big in other ways, none of which
subtracted one little bit from her arousing female form.

Wanda was and is a tall young woman. Standing some six feet one in her bare
feet. She was also a lanky girl with long sinuous arms, and shapely legs
that seem to go on for miles. And she was big in the chest and butt area
too, enhanced more so, visually, by her contrasting narrow waist. All of
these unique, way above average, feminine attributes added tremendously to
her now unusual pretzel like appearance. Wanda was just what the doctor
order all right, or at least what Fransoir had sent them.

Judith watch on with focused curiosity as Harry manipulated a couple of
small hidden latches to remove the face covering. The face covering was
nothing more than a piece of black plastic like substance molded to fit
Wanda's delicate feminine features on the inside while blending those
features into an almost featureless form on the outside, which was covered
by many small mirrors.

As soon as the covering was off Judith could see that Wanda was awake. Her
big beautiful dark expressive eyes began to blink and squint as they slowly
became accustomed to the full brightness of the light. Then they focused on
the two people that were in front of her. She had seen the male many times,
but the female she only seen once before. Before, when she was a viable
human being in pleasant conversation with her, instead of this thing of
distort physical torment forced into complete immobility and silence.

"I must admit Ms. Davenport, I am somewhat worried by the way she looks. I
mean, I know her position is causing her a little discomfort, but it's
nothing her body can't handle. I examined her before hand, extensively, to
see if she could handle what we had in mind. I found her quite limber and
more than capable of remaining in this position for a considerably long
period. So I am a bit surprise to see her looking like this whenever I take
the mask off."

Judith formed a knowing smile in response to this young and inexperienced
member of her staff before telling him what it meant.

"Oh my dear Harry. That is not a look of physical distress. It is an
expression of complete disillusionment and beckoning mercy. Obviously she
was never told the truth as to how extensive her costume was to be or for
how long she is to wear it. That forlorn look of betrayal and hopelessness
is a common one around here. You will see it often as well as a few more
types as your career and education with us continues. It is nothing to
worry about though. Besides, worrying will give you wrinkles and that will
make your young manly face less attractive to the girls around here."
Judith nudged him in the arm while giving the eye over to his young female
assistant.

Harry grinned while his faced turned a deep red from embarrassment. Judith
smiled a little wider with an excited little twinkle in her eye from being
aroused by Harry's child like innocences. And Wanda, she shed a tear when
her eyes closed in forsaken helplessness.

"Now Harry, tell me what you did to her. I am fascinated as to how you got
her so well formed into position and kept her like this without a single
movement or utterance on her part."

Wanda slowly opened her eyes with keen awareness. There was a large gap in
her consciousness as to how she got this way. And maybe, just maybe, the
information she learned could help her in possibly escaping her current
plight. If not now, then soon. Real soon!

"Of course Ms. Davenport. Well, ummm, as you know, once the girl lost
conscious, from the sedative in her tea, we immediately brought her down
here to the lab on a gurney."

'I am under the boutique, like in the basement of some sorts where there
is this science lab or something like that.' Wanda thought to herself as
her eyes moved back and forth in their sockets trying to take as much of
the surrounding area in as possible. Knowing that she was under the
boutique gave her a sense of familiarity and hope. Once she was free from
her confinement it shouldn't be too hard to find a stairway to the first
floor and then freedom. Again, she listened closely as she began to feel a
little optimism begin to percolate into her otherwise hopeless spirit.

"And in the lab we removed all her clothes and threw them away."

'No! Not my clothes. Not my beautiful expensive pants suit and sexy
underwear, all the way from France. Do they have any idea how hard it is to
find good clothes, stylish cloths, to fit a tall busty woman like myself.
Now when I escape I'll have to wear something that won't fit me at all and
probably make me look stupid wearing it when I call for help. Damn them!'
Wanda was angry, but not a single sound could be heard of it. All that
could be seen was the furrowing of her brow. Something that Harry picked up
right away, but remembering what Ms. Davenport told him, he completely
ignored it.

"Then I gave her a through physical exam, checking her vita signs,
flexibility and orifices for size for when we tubed her. Oh, and Dana
here," he smiled when he looked over to his ever present female assistant,
"she began the process of removing the girl's body hair. All of it,
including her pubic hair and the hair on top of her head. And as you can
see, even her eye brows as well. All gone, and then her skin was treated
with chemical to keep it hairless for the next six months."

'They did WHAT?' Wanda could not believe what she just heard. She was
physically violated as much as any woman could be. She was stripped nake
against her will. Examined in some kind of perverted doctor's examination
without her consent. Then, every last one of her luscious black hairs taken
from her as if she was infected with an army of lice. And now she was
forced to remain hairless like a plucked chicken for the next SIX WHOLE
MONTHS! Where in the hell was she? Who are these sick people? And what did
he say about "tubing her"?

"As you can see from her face, the tubes going up her nose reach all the
way down and into her stomach. These are the feeding tubes. We used one of
the liquid food concentrates created by your staff as a means of forced
feeding her. A simple large syringe is used to inject the green slurry
straight into her belly. It doesn't taste very good, but it is loaded with
everything her body needs to stay healthy. We figured she only needs to be
feed once a day, given her restricted existence."

'Feeding tubes! How long am I expected to stay like this?'

"The tube you see there hanging free inside her open mouth is for her
breathing. It goes down her throat, pass her larynx and ends just above
where the main bronchial tube splits in two for each of her lungs. The
breathing tube is the reason she is unable to make any sound. No air is
allowed passed the voice box, thus no sound. Also, we placed a molded solid
rubber insert, a kind of custom fitted wedge if you will, into her mouth
and fastened it around her teeth to keep her mouth open and her lower jaw
in place. This prevents her from trying to gnaw at the breathing tube that
runs right through the middle of it. We knew we would have a drooling
problem with her mouth rigged up like this. So we asked one of your doctors
what we can do. He recommend that we add a small quantity of a special drug
to her food that keeps her from salivating so much. It doesn't dry her out
completely. It just keeps her mouth slightly moist without the excess.
Which will make the removal of said items fairly simple. Whenever that
might be."

'Oh my gosh! Are these people CRAZY! A breathing tube? Mouth guard? I can't
even move my tongue let alone my jaw. I feel like a lab rat in a mad
scientist nightmare! This is so extreme! This can't be happening to me! It
just CAN'T!'

"Her derriere is similarly tubed with an inflatable bladder used to secure
it in place via the sphincter opening. The bladder seals it up very well
indeed as we tested it out by giving her several colonics to clean her out
while she was asleep. And since her food was developed for maximum
absorption into her system, there should be practically no waste problem.
But just in case, we installed a removable cap on the end of the tube that
is wedged and hidden between he butt cheeks, if the need arrives to flush
her out again, say if the customer wishes to keep this way for any real
extended period of time. Again, her urethrae was handled in much the same
way except we figured she would have to be drained once a day though.
Probably at the same time she is feed."

'WHAT! No wonder my bung hole feels like someone shoved a fence post up it.
And what did he mean by "an extended period of time"? I was being paid to
model "a costume" for two separate days ONLY!'

"Her pussy area is equipped with a deluxe vibrating dildoe on command. But
we also used that same dildoe to house a central process unit for data
collection of all the sensors on her body and as an antennae to send said
data via radio waves to this hand held remote control unit. And to make it
a little more enjoyable for both the customer and the girl we added a
little vibrating sensor that sticks right over her clitoral hood."

"How do you control them from the hand unit Harry?" Up to now Judith had
been an avid listener. The human engineering part always captured her
attention. But as soon as Harry mention a way to stimulate the girl's sex
button, she had to take a more active role in this kinky tour.

"Just push here and here, and then turn this clockwise like so and then . .
. ."

"Oh Look! Did you see how wide the girl's eye went when I increased her
clit massager?"

"Yes I did Ms. Davenport! And if you look at the readings on the monitor
you can see how it is effecting the rest of her body as well."

"Oh this is such a wonderful toy. I know Fransoir is just going to love
it!" Judith took a quick look at her watch and decided to cut her fun time
short. She handed the unit back to Harry and then pointed to the face mask
that was still in his hand.

"Ok Harry, tell me about this substance you use on her to keep her in this
impressive position. It doesn't seem familiar to me."

Wanda was slowly coming down from her instant skyrocketing surge emanating
from the most private and sensitive part of her body. It took her by
complete surprise when it happened and it was so intense that her total
awareness was focused in that one monumental wave of sexual arousal that
captured her entire being. A wave that she had no recourse but to ride to
it's natural end. An end that was sadly absent of an orgasm though, to her
further torment.

"The material is something Dana and I have been working on for quite awhile
and only now had a good chance to show off. It's a hybrid of sorts and
comes in a form similar to gelatinous paint. It goes on thick with a stiff
brush where it then automatically reaches it's own uniform thickness of
about an eighth of an inch. As it dries it takes on the thread like cross
hatching matrix of a tightly weaved cloth. The more it dries the harder it
becomes until it sets up completely and is twice as hard and regid as
fiberglass. In fact, it's basically a form of fiberglass without all the
messy and smelly multi-step hassles. And it is very bio friendly too, which
means it can be used right over bare skin, just like with this girl. The
tiny web like structure allows the skin to breathe through it and won't
stick to it either. So all we had to do was to put the girl in a hogtie via
attaching her wrists and ankle cuffs to a length of bar behind her back.
Pull up on the bar until she was in the desired spread knees and arched
ball like shape while still letting the vast majority of her body weight
rest on her belly. And then began coating her with the substance. We
thought black was a good mute background color for the desired effect. Once
her main torso and limbs were covered and the substance hardened, we
removed the cuffs and finished up with her feet, hands, stomach and head.
When all that was done, we began the arduous task of gluing the mirrors to
her carapace shell. We used small round mirrors because they maintained a
uniform consistency even around the many sharp curving surfaces of her body
and thus the intergerty of her full womanly form was still maintained. The
final step was to attach a more fashionable brass rod to her wrists and
ankles again so she could be mounted to a ceiling hook or some permanent
hoist mechanism."

"Amazing Harry! But would not her stressed physical condition cause
circulation problems? I know you checked her for flexibility and such, but
still, if she is to be like this for any length of time, then that is going
to be a problem, correct?"

Wanda mentally echoed the older woman's concern as she could begin to feel
a certain discomfort in her muscles and limbs from being stretched so un-
naturally. Again she tried to use her strength to break free form her
insect in amber like situation. But again nothing happened. Not even a
little nudge, sway or give of her hard as nails and unyielding second skin.

"Ah yes! Good question Ms. Davenport. You see here, on the display, the
outline of the girl and all these dark lights at discrete area's on her
body?"

"Yes"

"These are a combination of micro sensors and electrode stimulators. They
not only send information about the girl's body to the central processing
unit stuck in her pussy, but they also send out mild electrical shocks when
they turn yellow. The shock stimulates the underlying muscles to prevent
atrophy from setting in and it also helps keep the blood moving along so no
fluid builds up in any one place."

"My goodness Harry, you and Dana have thought of everything. Well done my
dears, Well Done!"

Wanda simply could not believe her ears. It seemed like everything and
anything that could be done to her was done. Everything to keep her alive
and in a healthy state of being was under THEIR control. She could do
nothing! She was unable to escape, to move, not even her little toe,
because THEY wanted her to remain fixed in position like some double
jointed circus acrobat who could fly from the air with the greatest of
easy. She had to eat what THEY gave her, and when. She could not speak,
yell or even make the slightest of sounds to communicate her wants or needs
to THEM like any normal human being could. She couldn't even do the most
private and personal of tasks like expel her own waste without THEM first
removing a plug so she could.

She was nothing but a totally controlled object to be used for someone's
cruel and perverted pleasure. And that someone was the man in Paris. The
man who she trusted. Who promised her everything under the sun, but told
her nothing but lies. He told her whatever she wanted to hear to get her to
come here and be fitted for something fantastic and beautiful. Something
that was going to make her the center of attention at his night club.
Something so exotic and wonderful that people will come from all around to
see her and lust after her as she displayed herself for all to see on both
Christmas and New Years Eve. Oh how she was suckered into this. And when
she get's out of this mirrored cocoon, Fransoir will pay dearly for his
betrayal of her loyalty. But THEY never said when that would be.

"So when will she be able to go Harry?"

Harry looked over at Dana and they both began to make facial expressions
back and forth as if they were communicating in some secrete code. It only
lasted for a few seconds before Harry quickly answered Judith's question.

"Tonight Ms. Davenport. The crate that she will be packed in is currently
being assembled as I speak. The girl has already been given an extra
helping of food concentrate so she will be well feed for the day or so
journey. The deluxe dildoe has a power pack in it that automatically
recharges itself from the electrochemical gradient created from when her
pussy juices flow around the metal of the dildoe. Which means that if the
power level runs below a certain threshold, the unit begins stimulating her
pussy area to orgasm. The longer she remains aroused the more recharging is
done. Thus her orgasm will be delayed as long as possible until the unit is
fully charged. We calculated that the cycle will repeat itself once every
six hours and last for at least thirty to forty five minutes."

"Once again Harry, you and your Lady friend have surprised me with your
creative inventiveness. Well Done!"

Wanda too was surprised from what she heard. 'With a long delayed orgasm
every six hours, what will that do to me when I'm finally able to get out
of here?'

As both Harry and Judith walked back over to the head area of the sparkling
human shaped ornament for him to put the mirrored cover mast back on,
Judith asked one more question.

"Harry, how long?" as she pointed to the concern looking face of the black
girl trapped inside the ingenious commercial entertainment object.

Harry took a moment to look at the girl's face. He did not see the
emotional turmoil in her eyes, for he was in deep concentration as if
trying to figure out a mathematical equation.

"Well, our preliminary tests show that the fiberglass material will not
break down for at least six months, and then only slowly taking up to a
year before it begins to crack seriously. But this project was designed for
what the customer wanted, and that was for about a week."

'Oh my god! I am going to be held captive in this thing for a week! Damn it
Fransoir! I'm gonna kick your ass all over France when I get out of here!'

"But then again. Considering all the parameters as to how extensive the
entire enclosure is. I mean, it's practically an environmental suit. The
true weakest link is in how long the food concentrate will last. And in
relation to that I got a little carried away in having it made for us,
which means I made a little more than was needed."

'Oh no. Not more than a week. Please, no more than two weeks. It can't be
more than two weeks. If it's more than two weeks and all those delayed
orgasm's and body shocks, I'll be nothing more than a twitching sex craved
crazy person when I get out. Please, oh PLEASE, not more than two weeks!'

"And since we have no use for the excess. We will just ship it all to the
customer. A kind of extra bonus if you will."

"Yes I see, but how long Harry"

"Oh, I'm sorry Ms. Davenport. It should last about two . . ." A loud buzzed
sounded, which was to notify anyone in the outer lab that the phone was
ringing in the inner office. It also made it hard for Judith to hear the
ending of Harry's answer. But Wanda thought she heard correctly and to her
overwhelming elation.

'Oh thank you, Thank You, THANK YOU! I know the next two weeks will be hard
and all. But I can do it. I know I can! Then my dear Fransoir, then . . .'

"Was that two weeks Harry?" Judith asked her young staff member to make
sure she heard correctly.

"Oh no Ms. Davenport, two months."

And then Harry replaced the mask over the horrified staring eyes of the
girl. He fastened the four hidden latches to hold the mirror cover hard
piece of black modified fiberglass in place.

Wanda's entire world was focused into what she could hear and see now. And
even that, her sight, was severely limited by the two small one way mirrors
that were placed directly in front of her eyes giving her a dim tunnel view
of everything. The only other stimulus to her encapsulated existence was
the occasional electrical shocks to keep her body from degenerating into a
mass of jell-o and the unique way to maintain power in her control unit.
Power from repeatedly prolong sexual vibrations with, or without a well
deserved orgasm at the end of it. It was just enough to keep her physically
healthy for the next week to two months. Mentally was another story all
together, and as far as Judith and her staff was concerned that was up to
the Fransoir.

"Harry, Dana, you both did an excellent job! I will let Fransoir know that
his shiny new piece of night club decor will be in the mail tonight and an
operations manual to go along with it. A truly wonderful job you two.
Congratulations!"

And with that Judith shook the hands of the young couple congratulating
them one last time on such an outstanding outcome. Then she headed out the
door.

As Judith walked down the hallway there was a spring in her step. She
seemed to be riding on a natural high. And why not! Everything was working
out so well. She had Madame Rouso's much needed ponygirls. She had Sir
Winfred personally managing the two girls transformation. A special
customer in France was about to receive an item that will literally throw
him for a loop. And now she was about to check on a man, and his special
project, that literally made her toes curl with lust.

Judith began walking slowly up to the closed door. She could feel her heart
begin to pound in her chest in anxious anticipation. Her hand began to
tremble as she reached for the knob. She stopped for moment and tried to
get a hold of herself, to shake off this stupid school girl reaction. 'I'm
an adult woman for cripes sakes', she exclaimed to herself. Then she
reminded herself over and over again about his jealous mad wife and how no
man was worth that. And when she believed she had maximum control over her
yearning desires she opened the door.

The first thing she saw was Sabrina. A sight that completely washed away
any girlish longings she had for The Count. So shocking was the sight that
she just could not believe that such a "thing" was possible.

She received a second shock that made her jump when she heard The Count's
heavy Italian voice up close in her right ear.

"So Ms. Davenport, I see my little creation has caught your eye. Two
beautiful and mesmerizing eyes I might add. Eyes so indwell with the
lusting spirit of life that simply gazing upon them has awaken the hungry
beast in me."

Was it hearing those words of impending romantic seduction or the feeling
of his hot breath upon the sensitive skin of her neck when he spoke them
that cause her to go weak in the knees. Whatever it was she found herself
having to reinforce her conscious decision to stay aloof of his cultured
charm by concentrating on the subject before her.

"Would you, my dear, attractive, intoxicating lady, care to be given a
personal guided tour of the new Sabrina?"

And before Judith could give The Count a simple nod of affirmation, she
felt him place his large powerful hand along the far side of her svelte
feminine waist and gently, but firmly, pull her close to him. She tried, or
so she believed, to keep from being drawn further into that intimate lovers
embrace as her right hand went up to stop what she knew was coming next.
But her cold trembling hand was met by his warm caressing one and
instantly, together, as if in a prelude to a dance, he guided her forward
to where Sabrina stood upon her small platform like a doll on a display
stand.

Sabrina, a once upon a time beautiful and fine figure of a young woman, But
now, with the well practiced dark artform of The Count, has become an
object of unspeakable perverted passion. Human, yes, but not by much.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 5 coming soon.

The story of Cont Guido Corsini and his project, Sabrina.

Stay tune!




This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.




                           "'Tis the Season"


                  The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia"


                               by Musker



                               (part 5)

                "He's gonna find out whose naughty . . ."


Sabrina, who was once a very beautiful young woman, was now an unspeakable
object of perverted lust. Human, yes, but not by much.

The waltzing pair came to a gentle stop a short distance from where the
living entity was displayed. She was like a doll upon her slightly raised
platform, still, silent and eyes wide open. She was staring upon the
joyful man and woman that now stood before her. But her gaze was not the
inviting warmth of a happy child's doll ready to be delivered for Xmas.
Instead, it was the hot burning stare of pure hatred. One of the most
powerful forces in the universe. And in Sabrina's case, it was fueled by
only one conscious thought, revenge!

"Magnificent," whispered a totally awestruck Judith as she remained
transfixed by the bizarre looking girl before her.

A short moment later, like an echo, The Count whispered back a few inches
from her ear, "Yes, she is." His comment, as was his full attention, was
directed solely upon Judith.

Judith only faintly felt The Count's amorous interest in her. All those
warm, exciting and romantic feelings she once had for the suave and sexy
Italian aristocrat were being quickly washed away. And in there place, was
the heart pounding excitement of a kinky predator for a helpless prey.

Whatever depraved animal-like urges Judith had for the modified and
enhanced Sabrina, the married Count also had for his excited female
benefactor. There was a very strange menage a'trois going in that room.
The Count wanted the beautiful and passionate Judith like a rutting buck
for a prized doe. Judith wanted Sabrina like a woman spotting the most
beautiful pair of shoes in a store window. And Sabrina, well, she too felt
something for the pair before her. But her driving need was at the other
end of the human spectrum.

Judith wanted to explore every inch of the girl that The Count had worked
his dark art upon. The Count however, wanted Judith to remain in one spot,
welded right next to him. Something that was beginning to make Judith feel
very uncomfortable about.

Judith turned in his warm embrace, looked right into those deep dark
Italian eyes and while stroking his cheek ever so lightly she said to him
in a soft feminine voice, "You have created a wonderful work of art Count
Corsini. I know Madame Rouso and your loving wife, Marguerite, would be
very proud of you, if "she" could see you now."

Judith had a reason for using the wrong pronoun. And it worked! She could
see the amorous expression in The Count's face quickly changed to that of
a concerned husband who had just been reminded of an imminent wedding
anniversary.

The Count smiled at Judith as his arms slowly fell from her side. He took
a step back in a kind of regal "put off" manner. Then he reached into his
breast pocket and took out his cigarette case.

"Thank you Signora Davenport for your most gracious comment."

The Count opened his shiny gold box with the initials "GC" engraved on it,
a present from his wife, and took out an American cigarette. He closed the
case abruptly making a noticeably loud noise in the process. It wasn't
until he was about to put the cigarette in his mouth that he suddenly
offered Judith one. Perhaps a conscious oversight on his part.

Judith simply smiled back and politely declined his offer, for a second
time. And while The Count was taking a long hard drag, holding his
cigarette in that quaint European manner, Judith began a slow walk around
the girl. This time without the attached Count. Her mesmerizing
infatuation with the living breathing object was instantly rekindled.

"If there is, anything, you wish to know or ask of me Signora Davenport,
please, feel free to do so. "Anything" at all." The way the smoke mixed
with The Count's words, especially on the trailing edge of that last noted
comment, made it hard to discern if The Count had really given up on the
perceived moral Judith.

But Judith gave only a nod of her head in response, keeping her eyes
riveted upon the displayed pseudo human being.

Judith definitely wanted to know more, a lot more. She wanted to know
everything! Every little detail of how The Count could mold a young
beautiful woman, as if she were a piece of clay, into the present edifice
of kinky fetish delights.

She wanted to know it all so she too could make a creature like this.
Perhaps even more than one. She certainly had the raw materials for it.
But she was like a child in a candy store, not knowing what to ask for
first. Everything about the girl peaked her curiosity, from the top of her
skyrocketing ponytail to the very bottom of her ballerina like ankle
boots. Judith didn't know where to start. Until . . .

"There!" Judith exclaimed while pointing her finger with great authority
that even surprised her. So she quickly tempered it by adding, "If you
would Count Corsini, please, tell me how you made her waist like that."
Again she pointed to the girl's waist like it held some unknown mystic
powers.

"Ah yes. Of course, but please Signora Davenport. Please call me Guido.
Count Corsini sounds so, so, distant. And I have come to feel that our
mutual, "intimate", interests have brought us so much more closer than the
formality of social propriety calls for. So if you would dear lady,
please, call me Guido."

Judith had walked all around Sabrina and was now on the other side from
which The Count stood. She took a moment to contemplate the possible
hidden meaning inside her regal guest's words as she looked carefully into
his cunning sexy eyes. The smoke from his cigarette was meandering about
his face as if trying to veil a secret agenda.

"As you wish." Judith said in a lingering tone as if more was to follow.
"In the spirit of "friendship" then, I am willing to call you "Count", and
you my dear "Count" may call me Signorina or Signorina Judith."

The Count smiled broadly as he threw his head back and chuckled politely.
He did so not out of victory for being able to get that much more closer
to his intended sexual conquest, but out of how well this woman was able
to fend off his advances like a skilled swordsman. By calling him "Count",
it still made it clear that there was a distinction between them, as in
social class. And for him to call her Signorina instead of Signora, the
Mrs and Miss counterparts in the Italian translation, it reminded him that
even though she was not married, he was. It was the subtleties of life
that always had the most pronounced effect on a person's psyche. And they
both knew it all to well.

The Count took a moment for another long drag from his cigarette. He held
it for a few seconds looking directly at his attractive cunning adversary.
Then he tilted his head back and exhausted a long heavy white stream
upwards where the mighty intake grilled was. He then took a deep breath of
clean fresh air and began his talk with all due professionalism.

"What you see there, Signorina Judith, is something very rare indeed. One
could only hope to see such a waist in the older sections of Europe or
maybe a handful of remote places across the world. It is reminiscent of an
out of vogue old world culture. It is called a "pipe stem" waist."

The Count temporally ended his talk as he took another draw on his
cigarette.

"It's magnificent beauty is matched only by it's extreme sadistic
perversion," echoed a captivated Judith as she slowly began to walk back
around the girl. A girl with the most extreme diminutive waist she had
ever seen.

The Count took a moment to ponder Judith's contrasting words before
continuing.

"Very well put Signorina. It does have it's certain "macabre" like
fascination. It is also something that was very hard to create I might
add. Especially in a fully grown woman such as Sabrina here."

Judith continued to stare at the girl's wasp-like middle as if she was
measuring it with a ruler. She guested three maybe three and one half
inches high and possibly no less than fourteen inches in circumference.

"Thirteen inches around and four inches high Signorina," The Count said as
if reading her mind.

Judith quickly looked around the girl, who was now directly between her
and her mentor, and stared straight into The Count's face. Her lips
mouthing the two dimensions as if in complete disbelief. The Count simply
nodded his head once in proud confirmation.

Again, Judith looked at the girl's waist with those dimensions
reverberating in her mind. And this time, she felt something. A little
feeling moving around inside of her, not to far down from where her own
pale in comparison small waist was. Then she quickly looked back to The
Count who again read her mind as if the word was written in full view
across her forehead.

"How was it done Signorina? Well, such a thing as this has been in my
family for generations. Both, as a proud demonstration of an unique art
form displayed in our women, and, as an accomplish technique handed down
from one generation to the next. But ideally, for results like this, one
would have to start fairly early in a girl's life. A few years before a
girl reached puberty to be exact. Her waist, her entire figure, would
first have to be trained into accepting the shape of a common hour glass.
Then it would be slowly contoured into the desired effect you see here."

"But Count," Judith began to audibly raise the obvious reality, which was
that Sabrina did not meet with those stated conditions. But The Count
caught her in mid sentence and quickly continued with his train of
thought.

"Of course Sabrina here was not raise like that. She in fact had the
standard American young woman figure with a rather heavy waist and slim
hips. But still, there are methods for such women as well. And for
Sabrina, it consisted of a very austere diet in combination with an
aggressive program of corsetry. The result of which was to first produce a
well established hour glass shape and then to move on to the next level."

"And did our lovely Sabrina here follow your rather stringent requirements
Count" Judith asked with an all knowing smile. For she knew a little more
about young American women than The Count did. She surmised that the
discipline needed for corset training along with a change in diet from
fast food to one of gruel and mush was something that a dominating free
spirit like Sabrina would definitely have a problem with.

"In the beginning the young Signora followed my regimen quite admirably.
So much so that even I was surprised. But on second thought, when one is
given the opportunity to live out their most desirable fantasy, one is
prone to be much too trusting in those who guide them. More so than say
any normal person would."

Judith looked back at The Count with surprise. She then repeated the first
three words that The Count said, "In the beginning", as if asking to
elaborate on them a little more.

The Count could not repress a smile as he exhaled another puff of smoke.
He knew what Judith was hinting at. She wanted to know at what point did
all hell break loose when Sabrina finally found out how extensive her
metamorphosis was going to be.

"Like so many things in life Signorina Judith, it all has a tendency to
blend together instead of acting in discrete, well identified, increments.
Sabrina was more than happy to diet and to wear a corset after I told her
that in doing so, it would make her even more beautiful and voluptuous as
a woman. A woman who would be in great demand as the super model that she
so longed to be. So when she wore her first corset and found out how much
better her figure had changed, she was more than eager to follow the other
programs that I had set out for her."

"Other programs Count," Judith immediately asked as she continued to
survey the rest of the once upon a time caterpillar who had been
transformed into a unique kinky butterfly.

"Just the standard everyday particulars she would need in her soon to be
stock and trade. The most important of which was that she needed to learn
how to carry herself properly so she could show herself off in the best of
light at all times. Something that required additional training items to
be applied to her person as well."

"Such as?" Again, Judith was pumping The Count for each and every little
morsel he wished to share with her.

The Count took another puff, as he tried to recall the series of events in
the correct order.

"High heel shoes were the first item I believe. And before you even ask
Signorina Judith, I known that every woman has had experience in walking
in heels starting from when they were just little girls wearing their
mother's shoes in play. But what I required was for her to walk in them in
a very special manner. Slower, with a deliberate conscious effort as to
where and when to put each foot. To create that distinct sound when her
heal came in contact with the floor. How to carry that step up her long
beautiful leg and into her pelvis so her hip would roll very erotically.
And then to have that sexy arousing walk travel up her constricted torso
to her shoulders and chest so they twisted ever so slightly, thus causing
one eyes to focus on her robust glaring bosom as they swayed so
seductively."

"I am amazed my dear Count at how much emphasis you have put on something
as simple as walking. But I do see your point though. How important it
would be for her future profession." Judith was becoming a bit self-
conscious of her own gate as she continued to walk around the girl,
studying her as if she were a priceless piece of art in a museum of the
very bizarre. "The poor girl must have practiced morning, noon and night
to satisfy your meticulous eye for detail Count" Judith added with just a
touch of sarcasm for Sabrina to hear.

"Oh quite so Signorina. It took an awful lot of practice on her part to
master the simple act of just putting one foot in front of another. And I
made her practice for hours, three and sometimes four times a day, every
day, up to and including this final day as well. She had to learn to walk
that special sluttish way until it became second nature to her. But in
saying that, I must add that I was not a completely heartless taskmaster.
I did give her a generous amount of time to rest in between sessions. And
during those times when she was mentally and physically at a low, I would
add various accouterments to her feminine silhouette under the auspices of
making her as perfect as possible."

Judith barely opened her mouth when The Count resumed his dissertation in
the fine art of remodeling the female form.

"A shoulder harness was added to improve her figure by drawing her
shoulders back and pushing out her chest. The heels on her shoes were
slowly increased so she would become adept at walking in whatever height
that would be required of her in the future. A knee length tight skirt was
the next item to her ensemble so her steps would become short, dainty and
a bit more lady like. And the most interesting component to all these
ongoing augmentations was that our dear Sabrina accepted each and every
one without a single complaint."

Judith could not help but look back at The Count with great suspicion
after hearing that last unbelievable comment.

"Without a single, not one, not even the faintest retort about being
squeezed, stretched, twisted or any other physical persecution that was
inflicted on her person as she was being contorted into a shape that you
alone defined for her? Not even one little echo of apprehension my dear
Count?"

The Count turned his faced off to the side while placing his hand directly
across his mouth. He was doing his best to hide a smile from hearing
Judith's obvious sarcastic question.

"Welllll, there was one or two meager concerns. Less than a handful really
and hardly worth mentioning. But that was certainly expected given the
rapid course of events that were unfolding. Besides, with each little
distressing point she brought to my attention, I was able to dispel them
in short order. After all, with my well bread European background, and if
I may speak with all due humility Signorina, "most" women find themselves
incapable of resisting my charming personality and amorous masculine aura
while in my presents. And our dear Sabrina here was just one of the many,
"many" women to fall under my sensuous debonair spell."

It was now Judith's turn to hide an ever growing smile behind her hand. It
took a few minutes before she was able to regain her composure and return
her attention back to The Count.

"I do see what you mean Count, how "most" women could easily be persuaded
into doing anything you wanted them to."

Now both of them were smiling outright. Again they shared one of those
moments of staunch hidden meaning wrapped delicately within their words.
But while the two, free to move, "normal" adults were busy acting like
giddy school children, quiet and still as death Sabrina closed her eyes in
depressing regret.

The Count's words revived memories that she hoped had been lost to her
subconscious mind forever. Oh how could she have been so stupid to fall
for such a con put on by The Count. All her life she had learned how to
read and use people to her advantage. An art form she had learned all to
well from her mother, who was truly a master of it's execution.

It wasn't until she was in her second year of college that she decided
what she wanted to do with her life. And that was to make her life long
fantasy into a reality. It took her until the end of the semester to come
up with a rough plan on how to do it, but she couldn't do it alone. So she
told her mother during the summer break and together the evil dual
concocted a detail plan of blackmail. They were going to blackmail Madame
Rouso into using her vast power and influence into obtaining what she
wanted.

Back then Madame Rouso was a good friend of her newly, and quite wealthy,
stepfather. Which necessitated brining him into the equation as well. But
that was the easy part, for her mother had her stepfather wrapped around
her little finger. He would gladly do anything for her, even to the point
of turning on a good old friend like Madame Rouso. Oh her mother was good!

Once the plan was implemented and the pair got Madame Rouso to get the
ball rolling, she was on the top of the world with delight. That's when it
must have happened. She was so elated in finally being able to live out
her life long dream at the hands of a renowned and very handsome European
Count that she accidently let her guard down. It was the combination of
being separated from her mother and foolishly trusting the charismatic
Count that led her into the trap. A trap that was no doubt set by Madame
Rouso herself. Oh how could she have been so stupid!

"So once you had her well established into the forefront of her conversion
with, how shall I say this . . . with minimal resistance, how did you take
her the rest of the way Count?" Judith's curiosity was insatiable. She
wanted to know every last detail of The Count's methodology, as well as
how he gave the devil it's due.

"Slowly and with many compliments my dear Signorina. I believe you
Americans have an old saying. To cook a frog, one puts it in cool water
and slowly turns up the heat. So I simply made more and more minor changes
to Sabrina's daily ensemble and before she knew it, she was in no position
to do anything about her situation."

"If you would Count, could you expand on those "minor" changes. I am so
taken with all that you have accomplished that I feel so excited and
receptive to everything you have to say."

"Of course Signorina." The Count too was very receipted to Judith's
heighten state. So much so that he was wondering if Judith might not be
flirting with him.

"I told Sabrina that it was a shame that her mouth wasn't just a bit
bigger. Even though her ancestry was from England, she still had the
facial features of a passionate Mediterranean woman. If only her mouth,
and lips, were slightly larger it would make a tremendous difference in
how she was perceived as being a much more attractive and sensuous woman."

"And did she take the bait Count?" Judith unconsciously ran the tip of her
tongue over her own womanly red lips as she stared at Sabrina's face
trying to see for herself if The Count was successful.

"She thought about the idea for a few days. Then she asked me if there
might be a way, other than surgery, to make them just a little bit bigger.
The little Signora was very scared of the surgeon's knife and anything
that seemed to hint at being medical. So I told her that there was a way.
A very old way that my family had used on several occasions with much
success that would not even break the skin."

"The same family method that was handed down from generation to generation
just like in creating her pipe steam waist, which by the way you promised
to tell me how you created Count?" Judith certainly did not want him to
forget that most important item in the girl's modification.

"Correct Signorina Judith, on both counts, as you will soon see. So I
showed her the device that would turn her entire facial features into a
pure goddess. It was nothing more than a mouth guard, like men use in
sporting events. It was cut horizontally in two and then hinged together
at the back where the molars were. Just in front of the two hinged areas,
was a tiny lever-screw mechanism for separating and contracting the top
and bottom halves at will. All that was required was to insert the guards
around the upper and lower teeth and then begin turning the two screws for
the desired effect. Along with it's jaw spreading abilities, the outer rim
of both guards could be inflated with air via a hand pump so as to stretch
the lips out from the teeth. Thus making her lips bigger while at the same
time making her mouth opening wider."

"It sounds as though there was an awful lot of discomfort in said
procedure Count." There was a hint of a grin forming at one corner of
Judith's mouth after she said that.

"Yes, some, but like the rest of her modification, it was presented to her
gradually. Short, infrequent sessions leading into longer and more
repeated ones. And of course with my many, many compliments as to how much
more beautiful she was becoming, Sabrina was more than willing to tolerate
the minor discomfort for the sake of unmatched beauty."

Judith made a full smile when she heard that little tasty comment. "And
the other "minor" changes Count?" Judith made verbal note to the word
"minor" as her voice reeked with cheerful sarcasm.

The Count took another relaxing buff and then continued echoing Judith's
sarcastic inference on the same word. "Those "minor" changes were also
brought in little by little and again with much joyful fanfare as to what
positive things they were doing for her. As her weight and waist were
being reduced, her corsets were slowly being modified as well. They were
becoming increasingly longer and tighter for her, and made from a more
heavier restricted material, like thick leather.

"Her shoes became more foreboding as the heels grew higher and higher. The
leather that surrounded her feet began to extended up and over her ankle.
Then up even more to over her calf and further up again to her knee.
Finally, it stopped at the beginning of her hip. And just like her
corsets, they too were laced up tightly with stays running through their
entire length to mould her legs into looking long, sleek and very shapely.

"Her shoulder harness was expanded and integrated into her corset so her
entire torso, except for her breasts, was now completely covered and held
tightly within it's grasp. Her collar too was attached to her body corset
and made taller until it became nothing more than a custom fitted posture
collar that prevented her head from moving a fraction of an inch.

"I also added a pair of gloves to make her feel more conscious of her
hands, to be more dainty and feminine in their placement and movement. And
soon they too began to change slowly. The material went from silk, to
heavy satin, to thin leather, and then thick leather with very little
flexibility. They too grew in length as well, from just above the wrists,
to her elbows and then ending in full length opera gloves.

"At this point I told her that by hiding her elbows a little behind her
back it would make her look even more feminine and attractive, a la Venus
de Milo, where the on-looker is drawn to focus on her voluptuous well
endowed upper torso and pretty feminine face at all times. She tried very
hard to do just that. But alas, it was so foreign for the poor Signora to
carry herself like this without having her hands continuously rubbing or
bumping into her growing hips and derriere whenever she would walk. So I
simply helped her along in my own old world way.

"I had a pair of metal rings sewed into her gloves at both elbows and
wrists. I used them to tether her arms together ever so slightly. A strap
was used for her elbows behind her back, and another one for her wrists in
front of her. As the days past, I slowly drew her elbows together more and
more telling her each and every time how awe struck in beauty she was
becoming in her overall appearance. It wasn't long before I had her elbows
touching and her hands held firmly to her bulging shapely hips. Her exotic
beauty was really coming through about now.

"Finally, the last minor change was in regard to her knee length skirt.
Her standard hip hugging skirts became longer, all the way down to her
calves. The material changed too and made only from leather. In short
order, they took on the appearance of a hobble skirt with a single cut out
in back for shaping her expanding derriere."

"Surely Count, at this higher level of unorthodox methodology Sabrina must
of had some serious reservations as to what you were doing, or going to do
to her from then on."

The Count simply smiled back like a coy little child who was caught with
his hand in the cookie jar. "I must admit Signorina, Signora Sabrina did
voice a little reluctance about this time."

At this point, if either of the conversing pair were to look up at
Sabrina's face they would have seen the silent statue roll her eyes as if
in total disbelief at what The Count had just said.

'A little reluctance!' Sabrina thought to herself remembering that
nightmarish time with deep clarity. When she felt the balls of her feet
were no longer supporting her body weight, she respectfully "requested"
that The Count put a stop to any further changes. When all she could do to
breathe was to take small rapid breaths because of her integrated corset
and body harness were much too tight for her, she "told" him in no
uncertain terms to stop this immediately! When her mouth was stretched to
the point that she thought her jaws would dislocate or the delicate skin
of her lips would violently split apart, she repeatedly "yelled" at him to
STOP! And when he informed her of what he had yet planned for her, she
"pleaded" with tears running from eyes for him to Please, Please Stop!

"But we were much to far into her training to stop now," The Count
continued with his talk to Judith. "So we continued into the last and
finale stages of her metamorphosis."

"The pipe stem waist!" Judith quickly replied with an uncontrolled
eagerness in her voice.

"Yes, that, as well as some other little nuances to complete the whole
effect. For instance, her standard high heel shoes quickly became on-point
ones with long thin spike heels. I had been training her feet at night
while she slept prior to their use. I have a little device called the foot
stretcher, which is another old world technology."

Again Judith looked to The Count with a questioning stare. A gaze The
Count immediately picked up on.

"The foot stretcher anchors itself around the girl's lower leg and then
extends down along each side of the foot. A round bar is then placed over
the top of her foot at the base of her toes. The bar is then connected to
the side rails by a ratchet mechanism that allows it to be minutely
cranked downwards to however far one wishes to go. Once I had her foot
skewed into the proper position, it was a simple act to replace her
stiletto heels with the on-point ones and then train her to walk in them.
I made it a point that the Signora was to walk in them in the exact same
manner that she had learned when she wore a normal pair of elegant woman's
heels."

Judith eyed Sabrina's black leather clad feet with much fascination. She
really did look like a ballerina standing there on her toes with her feet
a little more than a shoulder's width apart. And those unbelievable long
spike heels in back, 'They certainly look good, but not much of an aid in
keeping the girl's balance if you ask me', Judith thought to herself. Then
something else caught her eye that puzzled her.

"Yes, I do see Count. Very impressive! But how did you keep her calf
muscles from becoming like that of an athlete? I would think that having
her foot pointed down so dramatically would cause her calf muscles to
become over developed and well defined into some sort of visible hard
mass. But what I see here is nothing like that. They look like a normal
pair of attractive feminine legs."

"Ah yes, another secrete that has been in my family for years. Although I
must admit, it's not much of one these days. You no doubt have heard how
some woman use certain controlled toxic injections to hold back the sands
of time, yes?"

"Oh yes, beauty treatments that are done by doctors to relax the facial
muscles that cause wrinkles."

"Exactly Signorina! I do exactly the same thing to the calf muscles. It is
a mixture of a potent South American poison and some rare herbs that is
then injected into the muscles that make up the calf. The effect is to
relax the muscles and to keep them from any further development. The
result is as you have said, a pair of very smooth and shapely feminine
legs."

"Amazing! Simply amazing. Please Count, tell me more!"

The Count nodded his head in agreement and took a moment to think before
continuing, "Her arms were next in the scheme of things I believe. I
wanted them to be more or less flexible."

Judith was puzzled by The Count's indecisive comment. "More or less
Count?"

Judith's questioning looked was echo back to her by The Count until it
finally dawned on him what she was inquiring about. "Oh, I am sorry
Signorina for being less than clear on that point. What I meant was, I
wanted her arms to be flexible enough to accept any manner of bindings for
a good significant amount of time that anyone in her new profession might
demand of her. And in that, I must say, I have succeeded most famously.
Sabrina is more than capable of wearing any kind of strenuous single glove
for hours on end. Be it the standard down the back type with arms bonded
to one another as if they were one mass. Or the rare and infamous back
prayer position with forearms up along the spine between the shoulder
blades, elbows touching, and hands even with her collar. This is what I
meant by "more" flexibility Signoria Judith.

"Now, what I meant by "less" flexibility was in relation to her hands and
fingers. Along with the change in her shoes, from a high heel to on-point,
I also changed the type of hand gloves she wore. I replaced them with
rigid thumb less leather mittens, the same type you see her wearing now as
a matter of fact. Inside the pod like covering each finger has it's own
restricted tube. It is not tight enough to hinder circulation, but it does
keeps the hand and fingers aligned in a comfortable slight bow shape. I
had her wear those mittens virtually 24 hours a day with their removal
occurring only when she was bathed or to have her nails expertly
manicured. The result of said practice has made them totally incapable of
normal articulation. I dare say it would be impossible for her to sign her
name, let alone feed or dress herself with them for that matter."

Judith stood in one spot to the side of Sabrina eyeing the current
configuration of her arms and hands. She had seen, and instigated, many
different arm and hand bondages on countless numbers of her work units.
But this one seemed a bit different to her. "Count, is there a name for
this type of bondage you have her arms in? It looks familiar, but yet it
is new to me."

The Count smiled before taking a short quick drag on his cigarette. He was
getting very close to the filter and wanted to get every last bit of it's
unique drug enriched flavor. "I don't know if there is any standard name
for it." He said as the white smoke came out in a kind of Morse code with
each word he spoke. "I call it "The Bird's Wing" simply because it
resembles one.

"As you can see, each arm is folded upon itself. Then a thin leather
sheath is used to encapsulate each overlapping pair. The laces of each
sheath follow the path of the arm fold, which affords a rather pleasing
curved visual effect. The covered elbow part has a small "D" ring sewed
into it. This makes it easy to pull the two elbows together in back and
then fastened them with a standard strap or as in this case, where the
Signora is quite flexible, a keyed lock. The type of thumb less mittens
used also have a set of "D" rings attached to it's finger tips. It is a
simple matter of connecting each of them to the ring in her collar with a
short leather strap.

"I myself, prefer this type of restraint over the other one's that I have
previously mentioned. For one reason, the tethered elbows produce the same
thrust out chest look as do the others. And with her overlapping arms held
close to her back and side it still gives her that charming armless Venus
look about her. Then there is the unique advantage that only those pair of
mittens can give. That being the ability to contour the Signora's breasts
along the side and top, thus making them far more attractive and robust
then her normally full beautiful bosom would have allowed. Quite an extra
added feature of enhancement I might add. That is of course if one is
interested is that sort of thing, Signorina Judith." The Count gave a
rather salacious grin to Judith knowing full well of her fondness for
women with big protruding breasts.

Judith slowly turned her head toward The Count. Her full captivating eyes
met his. And as she leisurely formed a very satisfying smile, she blinked
her eyes in a slow dreamy kind of way at him. They both knew each other's
weaknesses, and they both knew how to play on them at will.

Interpreting that come hither look as an invitation, The Count's already
hyper craving for Judith was instantly thrown into action. He quickly took
a final hard drag on his cigarette, only to come to the unpleasant
awareness that he was no longer tasting tobacco. He threw the foul thing
to the floor and stepped on it in a mild state of anger. His emotions were
in full swing now and any little thing could set them off, be they
positive or negative in nature.

He was about to make his move toward's Judith. To take her in his arms,
embrace her soft feminine body with his strong manly one, and then, kissed
her with all the passion that a famished man could have for a most
desirable woman. But he was immediately greeted with Judith asking him in
both words and body language if she might step up onto the pedestal with
Sabrina and examine her much more closely.

The Count was thrown totally off guard for a moment as a bewildered
expression crossed his face. He seldom misread a woman's subtle unspoken
yearnings, as was the nature of flirting. But once again he was
unceremoniously reminded that Judith was no ordinary woman. Something that
both irritated his manly pride as well as fired his lusting soul.

Judith held out her hand, as any cultured woman would, in asking for
assistance to rise to that one step to where Sabrina was display. And like
the ever vigilant gentleman that he was, The Count extended his hand in
kind to help said lady up upon the pedestal that he had already put her on
in his own mind.

Judith rested her hand on top of his, her elegant fine fingers wrapping
around his strong masculine ones. She ascended the one step using The
Count's steady unmovable strength as leverage and balance. Then once she
was steady on her feet, she tried to remove her hand from his, but he
would not let her go. She immediately returned a surprised and questioning
look upon him and was greeted by a glaring mischievous smile in return.

She soon felt him pull her hand towards him, the strength of which she was
no match for, and could only extend her arm in kind. Further and further
he pulled her toward's him until she feared that he would pull her right
off the pedestal that he had put her on. Then, without warning, he raised
her hand to his lips and kissed it with all the charm and splendor that
his elevated aristocratic position could afford.

Judith's tense posture quickly melted away. A soothing smile formed on her
face. An honest grateful smile with no hidden agenda or school girl
expectations connected to it. Just a genuine smile of thankful
appreciation to a very Nobel gentleman.

A few seconds later she had the ability to withdraw her hand from the much
admired Count. She took it to her heart and placed her other hand over it
as if to cradle it with warm regards. Her fingers were gently stroking the
area that he kissed.

The Count slowly blinked his eyes and nodded his head before turning off
to the side. He then reaching into his breast pocket for another American
cigarette leaving Judith to her own intimate seeking volition.

As The Count lit his cigarette, Judith turned her interest once more to
Sabrina. A quick intense rubbing of the top of her hand, as if she was
trying to wipe something away, was all that was noted as a prelude to a
change in her disposition.

The two women instantly made direct eye contact. The one so desperately
wanting to climb into the other's head and like a wild animal with sharp
claws shred the mental and emotional identity of her evil foe. She wanted
to destroy her. Just like she had been destroyed by her in kind.

The other seen nothing unique to spark her interest. Nothing that she had
not seen many times before in the many young women who she had the
pleasure of turning into her work unit's. But what did catch her eye, as
they left the girl's face and moved downward, was her breasts.

Sabrina seen that wide eyed smiling look before. She had seen it in all
those young men who were captivated by her once normal, but above average,
bosom. More so than her beautiful smile or charming personality. With such
guys who seen her only as a sex object, she would usually rebuff with her
caustic wit or simply walking away leaving them with a single word,
"asshole". But in her current state of being she could neither walk away
or accost anyone with insulting verbiage. Both options, like many other
things, were taken away from her by The Count.

Judith was in awe by the girl's heavenly breasts. They were just so
perfect, and big! She could not stop herself from examining them in the
fullest of detail. Her eyes flowed over them like a skier looking over the
new days fallen snow on an inviting mountain side. Not a single blemish,
vein or visual abnormality what-so-ever could be spotted by her eagle eye.
Her fingers soon followed suit and they too were met with an unbelievable
softness and the smooth flowing skin of pure perfection. Even the girl's
aureolas and nipples were perfect in both proportion and touch. It was all
so uncanny to find such a pair given how big they were. 'Surely', she
though, 'they could not possible be real.' But hard as she could, she
could not see a single indication that they were man made in any way. And
she knew what to look for too, having several of her work unit's modified
when circumstance, or her desire, dictated. Each time it was done, there
was always some clue, some skin aberration, some slight feel to them that
she could always detect. No matter how hard her staff worked at concealing
them or trying to make them seem real, she could always tell the
difference between nature and nurture.

She gave each of Sabrina's voluptuous big breasts several good hard
squeezes and even in that they responded in a way that seemed to be better
than real. And she knew all too well that Sabrina never had such a big
perfect bosom like this to begin with. She just had to know how!

"Count, I know you did something to them. But for the life of me, I cannot
honestly say what. Please kind sir, please tell me your secrete."

The Count lingered in silence before responding to Judith's eager desire
to know all his tricks of the trade. It is not that he didn't want to tell
her. It was just that he didn't know himself, the details that is. He was
trying to think of a way to tell her without gloating over it, in being
able to produce something that she never would.

"I fear I must disappoint you Signorina Judith. I will tell you what I
know, but it will not be enough. For there are two requirements to produce
such wonderful, beautiful and grandiose breasts as these. The first is an
ointment, which is the major component of the process. It is massaged into
the breasts and reacts with both the skin and the inner biological
structure that forms the breast. In small amounts and limited usage it has
a rejuvenating effect to make say, even an old woman's mature bosom seemed
much more youthful, although not miraculously so. But in greater amounts
and in combination with my device, the second requirement, it can
literally change a lonesome pair of undeveloped breasts into what you see
here right before you.

"The device itself is nothing out of the ordinary and I am sure your
wonderful staff could easily create one. It is a simple vacuum chamber
that a woman must wear several hours a day over her breasts. It gently
pulls on the breast and causes it to stretch inside of it. This
stretching, in kind, enhances the effect of the ointment on the breast as
well. The breast massage, when employing the ointment, is another
important element however. By manipulating the breast one can tell were
more or less of the ointment is needed and to be worked in. It is thus a
true art form, but one that can be learned. The sad part is in the
ointment itself. It is in very limited supply and cannot be duplicated."

Judith could not accept the part of not being able to duplicate it. She
began telling The Count how excellent her research facilities were and
that she had a first class staff of doctors and scientist to go with it.

The Count continually shook his head in affirmation as Judith was
detailing her ample capabilities one after the other. But again he
reiterated to her that it would not make a bit of difference.

"Signorina Judith, you must understand. The ointment comes sparingly from
a single source back in a remote part of my homeland Italy. It is sold to
only a certain hand full of people at only a certain time of the year. I
have tried on many occasions to duplicate it, taking it to any number of
well equipped labs and top people of science and medicine, but without
success. There must be something in that area where it comes from. Just
like Cuban cigars. Many people have tried to duplicate that excellent
tobacco flavor, but all have failed. Leading one to believe that it is the
place, the people and the culture that makes them as to where the secrete
resides."

The news did not sit well with Judith and The Count could see it in her
eyes. That look of disappointment with a touch of anger appended to it.
He took a moment to think and then offered her a proposition.

"I still have a very small amount of that ointment left. I will be more
than happy to give it to you, but you must promise me that if you do find
a way to duplicate it's magical powers, you will share the secrete with
me, and me alone. Agreed Signorina Judith?"

Judith's face lit up like a Xmas tree. She thanked The Count profusely for
ability to try her hand at the challenge. All Judith could think of at
that moment was the future and how she was going to use such a wonderful
drug once her staff had cracked it's code.

The Count on the other hand could only give a half smile to Judith's
infectious optimism. He knew full well there would be great disappoint
awaiting her. But then there was always the factor of luck. Maybe chance
and fate will give to her what was denied to him for so many years. Either
way, he knew Judith to be a woman of her word. And if she did happen to
find the golden fleece, then he too would share in her good fortune.

Sabrina too was lost in her own thoughts remembering how her beautiful
barely "C" cup breasts were turned into something right out of some
horrible science fiction story. And just like all of The Count's evil
plan, it came disguised as something that was at first accepted by her
with great appreciation.

She recalled how surprised she was when her corset training caused her
breasts to grow into a very bountiful "C" overnight. And when The Count
told her that he had something that would make her breasts look and feel
even better, she was chomping at the bit to try it.

The results were more wonderful than she could have ever dreamed of. A
smidgen of that white ointment rubbed into her breasts before bed was all
she had to do. A few days later and she had the most beautiful and
flawless pair of breasts she had ever seen. And they felt fantastic too!
As if there erotic sensitivity was raised to another level. Even her
nipples seemed to have a life of their own when they became erect at the
slightest of touch.

It wasn't long after that when she was awaken to the truth. That she had
been duped! Her body, like her life, was no longer her's to command. It
was The Count who was doing the late night massaging now. Her hands had
been turned into some leather encapsulated artifacts never to be used by
her again. And when she laid prone on her back, strapped down, limbs
useless, mouth jacked open wide enough to make a python envious, all she
could do was to watch his sadistic smiling face as he took immense
pleasure in fondling her naked precious breasts. An act that not even she
could stop herself from enjoying, no matter how hard she tried. Oh how she
cursed her body for betraying her so.

Then came "the device". That damnable piece of hardware that she was
forced to wear all through the night while she slept. It was the device
that forced her to sleep on her stomach from then on. And it required her
to sleep on a special bed too. A simple padded board covered in leather
with cut outs for her face and breasts. She was strapped down to it every
night. From the tips of her diabolical metal foot stretchers, all the way
up to the back of her head, which kept her face pushed snuggling into the
padded leather opening.

There were two basic parts to the device. One was a small, light weight,
plastic bell that was placed over each of her nipples with it's rim
matching the perimeter of her aureolas. A vacuum was created from a tube
at the tip of the bell and her nipples were drawn up and into the hollow
part of it's belly. A small valve was closed and a seal was created
between her skin and the bell via the residue that remained from when the
ointment was liberally massaged into them. The tubes were removed and then
the second part of the device was added.

Two large plastic half sphere's were put over each breast along with the
corresponding nipple stretching bells. It's full rounded rims was place in
direct contact with her chest at the base of her breast. She could feel
the cold smearing effect of some sort of jelly being used on the rim as it
was twisted around on her flesh to make a good seal. Another vacuum was
created and she could feel her breasts being sucked into the vacant ether
of each sphere.

And that's how she slept. All night long, and each and every nigh after
that. Each night she would watch him in horror stricken disbelief as he
fitted the device to her nipples and breasts. It was like some horrible
gruesome nightmare as the vacuum slowly pulled each of her breasts further
and further into those spheres night after night after night.

The effects the device and ointment had on her was frightening. In
practically no time at all she could see that her breasts were growing.
Soon her overflowing "C" size breasts had become a very impressive "D",
with enlarged nipples to match. Then he changed the size of the nipple
bells and plastic sphere's, and in a blink of an eye they became an
astounding "DD", and her nipples the girth of her little finger. Another
hardware change brought on another change in size, "DDD".

She was forced to watch and experience the whole ghastly treatment as if
in a repeated nightmare. Oh she tried to stop it when she was allowed to
talk with more threats, more bargaining and finally the teary eyed
emotional outbursts of begging to stop, "Please Stop!" But the routine was
set in motion and there was nothing she could do to alter it's path. More
ointment, more massage, more vacuum, and more tears.

Towards the end, when he robbed her of her voice by forcing her to suck on
that damn thing virtually 24 hours a day, her breast augmentation didn't
seem to matter any more. Her whole body was changing now, being moulded,
enhanced, constricted, stretched, and in her eyes, horribly disfigured.
'Where would it all end' she kept asking herself. She didn't know back
then, but she did know now.

Then Sabrina continued with her wild avenging beast stare. An anger that
was noted not only in her eyes, but in her new monstrous protruding orbs
as well. With her waist constricted to that of an insect, she was forced
to breathe from her chest. And with each breath one could easily tell it
was an angry one.

She sucked in air long and hard through her nose as her voluptuous chest
rose like an enrage white whale from the calm sea. Then, for a moment, at
their zenith, they remained there in full majestic magnificence. An
awestricken site of powerful eroticism beyond human comprehension. Then
suddenly, a great force of air was heard blowing by and her breasts fell
like a stone into a quiet pool. Ripples of soft subtle flesh quiver about
until they quickly dissipated into a motionless peaceful serenity. A few
still seconds passed and then it all began again.

Through it all Sabrina just kept on staring at the woman before her. A
woman who was so infatuated with her bigger than life bosom that she
continued to grope them even though her visual interest was somewhere
else.

Judith simply could not help herself. Being this close and now able to
touch every inch of this modified girl. A girl who fascinated and excited
her to no end and was throwing her libido into over drive. But her logical
mind was just as active, if not more. Her insatiable curiosity was peeked
and she wanted, needed, to know more. Nothing was going to be missed.

Her interest was soon drawn away from Sabrina's perfect bosom to the black
leather that cocooned her arms. Her hands followed her eyes as she began
inspecting "The Bird's Wing" for fit and immobility. A nice happy smile
spread across her sweet lips when she found it as she suspected, tight as
a drum and making the girl completely helpless. A casual glance upwards
resulted in something else catching her eye and holding her interest.

"Count, can you use that mysterious ointment of yours for other parts of
the body," Judith asked as she was staring at the profile of the girl,
specifically her lips.

"Ahhhh nothing escapes those keen and beautiful eyes of yours Signorina
Judith. I know what you are referring to, but the answer to your question
is no. That ointment is used only to enhance a woman's breasts. Although
it could be used marginally as a skin cream, but to do so would be a very
sorry misuse of it's wonderful properties. Especially when it is in such
short supply to begin with. Now in saying that, I believe your question
was referring to the Signora's lips. That was another one of my minor
changes that went along with the major ones I was telling you about
earlier. After the mouth spreader and lip stretcher preformed it's task,
quite admirably I might add, poor Sabrina here was left with very
unbecoming lips. They looked so wrinkled and flabby from the excess skin
that they detracted greatly from her natural beauty. So I preformed a
series of minute injections of a modified human fat based oil to "plump"
them up if you will."

Judith's brought her face up close to Sabrina's as she tried to see the
results of said injections. She had heard of the new drug on the market,
but had yet to test it out on any of her work units. She did hear however
that said drug did have one drawback to it. It seemed to make the lips a
bit lumpy, as if too much oil was injected in too few spots. She figured
it was a result of a poor application technique and not the oil itself.
And as she carefully inspected Sabrina's fleshy lips she could not see any
kind of clumping effects at all. Although it was difficult to tell
accurately with that big thing in her mouth.

"If you wish Signorina, you can remove the dildoe from her mouth and see
the results much better."

Judith decided to take The Count's advice and began looking for the
locking mechanism that must have been somewhere on the external part of
this super sized dildoe. But try as she might, she just could not find a
latch, a knob, a crank or any other type of attachment that kept said
brute of a dildoe firmly inside the girl's mouth. She did notice though
that the girl's cheeks were sunken in as if she was holding it in on
purpose via a sucking action.

'Was this how she was keeping it in her mouth?' Judith thought to herself
as she continued to search for what was beginning to look as if it wasn't
there. 'Could the girl be doing this of her own free will,' again the
question made Judith pause for though.

Judith found the notion very hard to swallow. Especially with the evil eye
she was getting from the girl ever since they laid eyes on one another.
She just could not bring herself to believe that such an action was
voluntary on Sabrina's part. But there was one way to find out.

She grasped the outer rim of the dildoe and began to pull. It was moving!
Not just the dildoe, but Sabrina's lips as well. Judith must have pulled
the dildoe back a good three inches before noticing that only about one
inch of the dildoe had escaped the girl's lips. The other two inches had
to come from the pucker in her lips. 'My goodness,' she said to herself
'how much did he stretch the poor girl's lips to begin with?' Judith let
go of the dildoe just to see if what she thought was indeed true.

The dildoe was instantly pulled back to it's original position. The small
part that had escaped was sucked back in while the rest of it was pulled
back simply out of the working of Sabrina's newly enhanced oral rim.

Judith was practically giddy with delight as she once again began pulling
and twisting the dildoe out from it's succulent warm haven. The more she
pulled the more she could see that the dildoe was more in line to that of
a male phallus with it's heavy veined shaft and uniquely shaped head then
a straight forward sleek dildoe. When the furrow, that lied just behind
the head, began to appear she started moving the dildoe around to see how
flexible those enhanced lips actually were.

It was utterly amazing how the girl's lips flowed so effortlessly around
the thing. Of course the bright red lip gloss helped some as a lubricant.
But the fluid motion that seem to cause them to glide over whatever
imperfection there was in the phallus was positively arousing to watch.
On several occasions Judith could feel the hardness of the girl's teeth up
against the tip of the dildoe when she would move it from one corner of
the girl's mouth to the other. And the strangest part was the girl's lips
were still covering the entire head of that very manly phallus all the
while she was doing that.

If truth be known, Judith was beginning to feel a little "penis envy" from
diddling Sabrina's mouth like she was. With such oral dexterity and
overall lip reach, this girl could easily give any size guy a first class
out of this world cocksucking adventure that he would remember for the
rest of his life!

While Judith continued to move the phallus in and about Sabrina's fish
like mouth, Sabrina remained perfectly quiet and still. But her eyes were
sure working up a storm as the intense hatred held deep within them made
her eyes look as if they were on fire.

Judith soon tired of playing with those king sized lips, especially when
her enjoyment was limited to being strictly visual. So she slowly began
pulling the rest of the monster from the girl's mouth.

Intently she watched as the flared end of the head began to appear. One
could see the glee in Judith's eyes as the super pucker of Sabrina's lips
began to slide off the remaining tapered end. Judith purposefully did it
ever so slowly so as not to cause an audible popping sound. With lips like
those a quick thrust backwards would create such a noise that it would
sound like a champagne cork going off. Besides, she liked the idea of
Sabrina's last contact with the huge surrogate cock to be that of a gentle
loving kiss upon it's life-like tip. And the sound that was made when her
lips finally did leave it was akin to exactly that, a wet little lovers
smooch.

Sabrina immediately exercised her mouth and swallowed whatever saliva that
was left from harboring such a perverted monstrosity for so long.

Judith watch with a happy smile at how beautiful those big lips really
were. In fact, Sabrina's whole oral structure had turned out quite well
indeed, in an overly flamboyant bizarre kind of way. But considering the
whole awesome, over the top, look of the girl to begin with, her mouth
somehow looked just right.

"Uuu Oger Ucker! Uck Uuu itch! UCK UUU! I ett Uuu Uucking itch! I eet Uuu
bot! Uck Uuu bot!" On and on the angry pseudo words came spitting out of
Sabrina mouth. It was easy to tell that the girl was very angry. Judith
just had a hard time trying to decipher the girl's coded message. After
taking a second or two to catch her breath, Sabrina started in on another
meaningless soliloquy. But before she could get the second word to "Fuck
You" out of her modified mouth, she yelped out in pain and then fell
completely silent.

Judith was taken aback by the unexpected sharp scream and then sudden
silence. That is until she turned around and seen that The Count was just
walking away from a table with a small remote control box in his hand.

"Please forgive me Signorina. I was momentary distracted by watching your
adept manipulation of the dildoe that I forgot what would happen when it
finally came out." He extended his hand to show Judith the remote and then
added, "It's just a simple little remote shocking box that I accidently
left off. I used it to train the Signora to hold that dildoe in her mouth.
If I push the switch up, it run's in automatic. Whenever the sensors
detect a change in negative pressure from inside her mouth, as if the
dildoe was going to slip out, it sends a signal to this box and then the
box sends a signal to her other dildoes to shock her. It is most
unpleasant as you can see. The little box also has a push button that
shocks our little Sabrina at will as well. She is such a stubborn Signora
sometimes, but with this device she becomes as meek as a lamb."

Judith smiled back at The Count adding "And not afraid to speak her mind
as well I see, whatever that could be."

The two of them shared a moment of gaiety from seeing the joke within
Judith's comment of Sabrina's total lack of verbal acuity. Judith knew
that a severely modified mouth would no doubt have it's draw backs. So she
figured that the lost of good pronunciation of the English language in
exchange for an exceptional talent in oral sex was really a fair trade off
after all.

Sabrina on the other hand was in dead silence and red faced with rage.
She was forced to hold back her anger for the same reason she was forced
to do whatever The Count wanted her to do. He and that damn black box of
his held all the cards, but soon things would change. Her feminine
intuition kept telling her that it would, and soon!

Judith returned her attention back to Sabrina with specific interest in
checking out the girl's other two dildoes that The Count just mentioned.
She began to take a step back to see better when she remembered that she
still had the phallus in her hand. So she raised it up to Sabrina's clench
mouth with it's big fire hose like lips outlining it's point of entry and
placed it softly right up against them. Again Judith mimicked the action
of a kiss. But as soon as the dildoe touched the soft wet pucker, the
dildoe was sucked right out of her hand and straight into Sabrina's mouth,
post haste.

"My goodness! THAT's what I call enthusiasm" Judith exclaimed with a
particular cutting edge to her comment. It took her a minute or two to
figure out what just happened. She then came to the conclusion that given
the day in and day out training of keeping that dildoe in her mouth with
suction alone, Sabrina had no doubt cultivate an automatic response. Thus
when something came in contact with her lips, it was immediately sucked
in. It was nothing more than psychological conditioning akin to a dog
salivating when it heard a bell ring.

Judith then thought to herself, 'Such behavior is going to be very
difficult to unlearn. But then again, Sabrina would be an absolute hit at
parties. Bachelor parties that is.' She watched with an attentive eye as
the dildoe come to rest in virtually the exact same position that it
started out in. "Amazing, simply amazing," Judith whispered so only she
and Sabrina could hear it. Then she turned her attention to another of the
girl's invaders.

"Is this the one you meant Count," Judith asked while standing off to the
side and pointing to the equally large, if not larger, dildoe sticking out
from the girl's pussy.

"Yes Signorina, that and the one in back as well. You can explore the one
in front to your hearts content. There is no risk of a shock occurring by
that one. The one in back is however regrettably not available for
inspection. It is currently being used to hold the Signora on her stand."

Judith made a quick look behind the girl to see what The Count was
referring too. All she could see was a polished chrome pipe running up
from the floor and then disappearing into the girl's ample derriere.
Again, her curiosity got the better of her. So she maneuvered herself into
a more appropriate position and used her hands to separate the two bulging
cheeks. In doing so she was struck by how incredibly pliable the girl's
buttock was. And further investigation only made her become more
captivated by it.

Visually the girl's butt was a masterpiece of perfection, just like the
girl's breasts. It had all the shapely roundness of a beautiful athletic
female butt, only bigger! But that enlarged state only meant more pleasure
for the one playing with it. And Judith was right there taking full
advantage of the opportunity. Her hands were all over it, rubbing it,
squeezing it and being the very wicked person that she was, she added a
little pinch to the flesh just for the fun of it.

Then a thought crossed her mind. 'Given an almost perfect ass like this,
would she honestly be able to bring herself to whip it?' Such a question
was indeed a hard one for her to answer. Part of her wanted to really have
a go at it. Spanking it with her hand until her own hand stung from the
excess. Smacking it about with a paddle or a crop until it was as red as
an over ripen tomato. And then really putting it to the test with a
flogger or a whip. But if by chance she lost control and actually brought
damage to such a perfect thing as this, could she ever forgive herself?

It was a good thing that Sabrina was not her's, for such an important
question like that did not need an answer. But to satisfy a deep need
building up within her, she did give one gorgeous back door orb a good
healthy smack with her hand.

Instantly a moan of displeasure was heard coming from deep within
Sabrina's throat. But the only sound Judith heard was the crisp clean
smack of flesh upon flesh. It was the combination of that sound, the
slight sting on her hand and the ripple like effect of the meaty flesh
around the point of impact that ignited something ravenous inside Judith.
It was a dark craving for more. A perverted sadistic lust to cause pain
and reek wonderful pleasure from it. But she had to remind herself that
the girl was not hers, and this was neither the time nor place to satiate
her beastly needs.

She thus forced herself to turn her attention away from the girl's
heavenly behind and once again explore other areas that remain yet
undiscovered. She remembered The Count saying something about another
dildoe in the girl's pussy. So with evil intentions she proceeded to the
front of the girl to see what treat was awaiting her there.

At first it did not radically impress her like the rest of the girl's
modifications. A pussy with a large dildoe in it was something that Judith
was not all that unfamiliar with. Not until she thought about it a little
more that is.

With such a large dildoe being used, she expected that what remained
outside of it would dominate the entire area. But it didn't. It looked
quite normal, with respect to proportion that is. It was only when she
took a step back that she could see how creative The Count had become.

The entire pussy region was enlarged! The pussy lips, the opening, the
part where the pubic hair was, which was now clean as a whistle, the fat
fleshy area along the side of the pussy lips. In fact, the whole
triangular area seemed to have swelled up to one and half times it's
normal size. It was only when she viewed it along with the girls spread
legs and lower abdomen that the difference in size really stood out.

Judith began touching Sabrina's pussy all around the firmly implanted
dildoe. 'It had to be like the mouth and lips', she thought, 'stretched
and pumped up.' Her finger gently stroked the puffed up area's along
either side of the girl's labia lips and pubic bone. "Remarkable" she said
in a whisper as she felt only smooth skin and firm tender flesh. Next, she
checked out the labia lips themselves. With such a large diameter dildoe
one would expect lips spread taut and as thin as paper. But they looked as
if they were under hardly any stress at all. It was amazing!

"I would wager Signorina that you think Sabrina here could satisfy only
the giants of men now, no?" The Count took another quick drag on his
cigarette. He was eager to hear what the lady who shared his passion for
the bizarre had to say.

Judith turned to face The Count, but her fingers still continued to stroke
and play with the enhanced pussy. "Well Count, I must say, that with such
an impressive piece of equipment filling Sabrina's pussy, it would seem
that it would indeed require a "super" man to find pleasure in such a big
hollow cave like this."

"Ahhhh, very good, just what I thought. Now, if you would be so kind
Signorina, please to remove said object from Sabrina's "pussy", as you
call it." The Count had sprouted a big wide smile on his face. A smile
that lead Judith to believe that something was up.

Judith took it slow and easy. She was on her guard, but she just couldn't
see what to be on guard about. It was a simple act of pulling down on the
dildoe and out it would come. And considering the size of it, she wondered
how the darn thing could stay in by itself in the first place. So again
she looked at this dildoe the same way she looked at the one in Sabrina's
mouth. For any outward signs that might indicate it was locked in by some
lever, crank or inflation device. But again she seen no such clue. Thus
her only course of action was to simply grab and pull.

It was hard! There was only a very small initial movement, but that was
the result of the girl's pussy lips being stretched along with the dildoe.
She stopped for a second and thought that Sabrina might be dry inside.
Maybe the friction between the dildoe and her inner lining was making it
difficult for her to remove it.

Not wanting to cause any damage to all the fine work The Count had done,
she decided not to force it straight out, but to try and twist it out
slowly. And it was working! But as the dildoe was extruding itself from
the hole, Judith could see that the dildoe was in fact well lubricated.
'So why is this darn thing so hard to pull out' she asked herself while
she continuing to pull and twist while putting a little more effort into
it.

Judith soon found that the dildoe was another one of those imitation man's
penis's. It was similar to the one in Sabrina's mouth except this one was
much more heavily veined and lumpy all along it's impressive thick shaft.
She soon had the phallus almost out. All that was left was what looked
like it's massive head, and then "pop" goes the weasel. But this last
little bit was giving her some definite trouble. It required her to use a
little body leverage and some extra "uumph" before she was able to see any
progress. Then all of a sudden the damn thing extricated itself with a
noted "pop". Judith almost lost her footing as a result of the quick
release.

"Bravo Signorina Judith, Bravo!" The Count was clapping his hands and
congratulating her on a job well done.

Judith gave a simple little smile back as she held the large phallus out
before her and waved it around in mock victory. She stared at it for a
moment marveling at it's overall incredible size. Then she looked back
from which it came and expected to see a gaping vacuous hole in it's wake.
But to her surprise, all she seen was a normal looking, "closed", pussy.
The labia lips of which were folded up against one another in a rather
tight rumpled seal. Nothing out of the ordinary at all, except of course
for the overall larger than life size of the entire thing.

Judith squatted down in front of the girl's pussy and looked even closer.
"I just don't believe this" she said in a confused whisper. When her eyes
could not find anything out of the ordinary, she then tried feeling for
something different, something loose, something decidedly stretched out to
the max. And as she continued to probe, push and pull everything that
could be, the results were all the same. No outstanding difference at all.

She quickly turned to The Count with a blank expression on her face.

The Count matched her silent pantomime with one of his own. He cocked his
head slightly to the left and raised one eyebrow as if to say 'What do you
think the reason is?'

Judith's blank expression then turned to one of a contemplating frown. She
looked back at the girl's pussy and then to the dildoe again and again. It
was a good mystery and one she knew she could solve if only she had . . .
Then the proverbial light bulb went on. She knew the answer! Her whole
expression lit up as she turned her attention back to The Count and said
only one word. "Exercise!"

The Count echoed back Judith's discovery with his own short word phrase,
"Exactly Signorina!"

The Count, in all his old world mystic ways, had taught Sabrina how to
voluntarily control her vagina muscles. And in so doing, to develop them
to the point of being twice as strong as any normal woman. What she
thought was a pussy that was simply stretched and pumped up with fatty oil
was really stretched, pump up with muscles, and then injected with oil to
make it look and feel feminine.

Judith could not believe the intense dedication that The Count forced
Sabrina to go through. Day after day, night after night, stretching the
pussy, exercising the pussy, stretching it, exercising it, until finally
he was able to produce the results that she bared witness to right here
and now.

Now Judith knew what The Count was hinting at earlier. Sabrina could not
only take the largest of men on the face of the earth, but she could quite
possibly take the smallest as well. And satisfy them both with
unbelievable pleasure, or if she had a mind to, with pain. Sabrina had the
most powerful and well trained pussy that she had ever seen. A thought
that made her feel the sad tugs of penis envy once more.

But the whole story was not over yet! The creation of the new and improved
Sabrina did not end there at her mighty pussy. There was still one final
act that had yet to be played out. A secrete that was only half told. And
one that Judith was still anxious to learn all the details of.

But before the complete transformation saga could be told, Judith had to
put back the phallus from which it came. She placed the tip of the conical
head at the fold of the labia lips and began to wiggle and push. It would
not go in. Sabrina had willed those gates closed. Her forced learned
talent for pleasing others also allowed her the ability to keep it close
whenever "she" wanted. A slight undesirable and overlook side effect in
her training no doubt.

Judith could easily inform The Count of Sabrina's lack of cooperation in
this matter, to which Sabrina's stubbornness would be met with a
"shocking" response from The Count. But Judith was a capable woman, and
she decided to handle this mer inconvenience in her own special way.

She first projected a rather sober and irritating gaze upon the young
upstart. In return, Sabrina gave her a look of her own. Not the one of the
wild angry beast set on revenge, but one of twinkling delight that
reflected a much saute after satisfaction.

Judith smirked from what she saw. She knew the difference between victory
in battle and winning a war. Short term accomplishments were never an
acceptable substitute for long term results. So all she did was to use a
finger and thumb of her other hand and to gently pinch one of Sabrina's
prominent perky nipples, and to softly say "open".

At first it was a staring contest with neither one of them flinching in
their expression. One, with the thrill of victory held fast in her eyes.
The other, with the passive confidence that the tide would soon change.

The seconds ticked by and their expressions remained fixed as if chiseled
in stone. The only movement that could be seen was in that lone nipple as
it was slowly being compressed more and more with the passage of time.

A full minute had passed and then Judith began to grin. She did from what
she saw in Sabrina's eyes. That happy bright eyed look of optimism became
glazed over as if her eyes were welling up with tears. It's wouldn't be
long now.

The cute-de-ta came when Judith began to roll the squashed nipple between
her finger and thumb. That's when Sabrina's eyes closed tightly in defeat.
A few seconds later her pussy relaxed and the phallus was able to
penetrate her resolve.

Once Judith had the phallus in as far as it would go, she gave the
remaining visible stub a little pat, adding the words "Good Girl" at the
same time.

For Sabrina, those words felt more like a twist of a knife in her gut than
a pleasing compliment to pacify her soul. She slowly opened her eyes and
again gave that wild avenging beast stare with two tears rolling from the
corners of her eyes.

Judith said nothing. She only wiped away the tears from Sabrina's sunken
in cheeks while maintaining that Cheshire cat smile on her beaming face.

She stepped back from the girl and folded her arms across her chest in
ultimate victory. She stood there for a full minute letting her proud
dominant position seep deep into the girl's soul. Then she took a casual
walk around the girl while still on the pedestal with her.

"My dear Count," Judith said with a renewed vitality as she stood out of
sight behind the girl, "you promised to tell me how you created this
fantastic four inch pipe stem waist. If you would be so kind, please, tell
me how you were able to make this most bizarre thing." Judith placed her
hands firmly around the thirteen inch by four inch leather tube that was
now the vibrant waist line of Sabrina.

The Count smiled and chuckled to himself while he took another puff on his
cigarette. He never met a woman like Judith. A woman with such an
insatiable desire for knowledge. On a subject that was so exotic and so
out of date as in the makings of a pipe stem waist.

"As you wish Signorina Judith." The Count took a moment to organize his
thoughts while Judith continued to circle Sabrina like a vulture with one
hand in constant contact with that leather tube.

"Let me see. I have already told you how I reduced her waist quite
drastically with just a severe diet and a series of ever restricting
corsets. At which time our little Signora here had become quite the
helpless creature and totally unable to prevent her second stage in figure
training from happening."

"Yessss, and I remember all those "major" and "minor" changes you were
making at the same time too. Her mouth, her arms, her feet, her breasts
and her most impressive "pussy". Now you are going to tell me how you
created her diminutive waist, correct Count?"

Again, The Count could not repress a tickling smile. "Of course
Signorina," he bowed at the waist as if he was confirming a royal command
to do so.

"There are many ways to create such a waist, but I prefer the so called
"old fashion way". A way that is more like a custom or a tradition that
has been handed down from one generation to the next. A methodology that
reflects more than just a craft or science. It is, at it's very heart, a
true art form that is executed with both passion and love. And I might
add, like most things in life, it is based on simplicity itself."

"And what could be so simple as to produce such an outstanding result like
this?" Judith was zealously embracing the stout leather tube that had now
become Sabrina's entire waist line.

"A corset Signorina Judith. A simple leather corset." The Count was having
a little fun with Judith. He wanted her to know what it felt like to
desire something, someone, with all your heart, with all your soul, and
then be denied it. Like she was denying him her sweet affections.

"Oh come now my dear Count. How could something as delicious as this,"
again Judith's hands were moving around Sabrina's waist as if it were the
hard thick shaft of an excited man's cock, "be created with just a simple
corset. I don't believe you. So please, tell me true dear Count. Pretty
Please?"

Oh Judith was working hard to find out what The Count was dragging his
feet on. Including almost making a fatal error of calling him a liar,
which would no doubt wound his manly aristocratic pride to her detriment.
But she quickly tempered it's effect by saying it in coy, childish and
teasing way of a femme fatale with eyes just for him.

The Count furrowed his brow a bit and then gave one of his wicked
benevolent grins. He realized early on that sooner or later he would loose
this cat and mouse play on words to this arousing temptress. His vibrant
male hormones would no doubt one day be the ruin of him. So he walked over
to a nearby table and removed, from a long wooden box, a rolled up mass of
dark leather with countless black laces wrapped around it.

"Here it is Signorina Judith. It was her first of three leather corsets.
The third one she is wearing now under the leather tube."

Judith immediately took the object from The Count's hand. Her fanaticism
for wanting to know almost caused her to forget her manners. But again she
caught her error and thanked The Count profusely for his generosity in
sharing his ancient secrete.

Judith quickly unraveled the thing. The loose hanging twine like laces
swishing through the air like whips. When she had it all opened up, she
held it up to the light and just stared.

It was as The Count said, a simple leather corset. It was made from a
thick restricted leather that upon Judith's closer inspection was really
two layers that seemed sealed together. It had the proverbial standard
hour glass shape with it's many rigid stays spaced accurately throughout
it's entire length. And it was made like all corsets, in two pieces. One
side was connected to the other with laces through small metal grommets.
The other side had the standard front busk, mated pair, system of hooks
and eyes. There really was no outstanding difference in material or design
that Judith could see in the entire corset. Except for one.

"Count, what are these little slices in the corset for? They seem to play
some important part in it's function, but I cannot . . ."

"Those orange like slices are the heart of what makes that corset
different from all others. They are also the key in allowing one to
cultivate a pipe stem waist." The Count took the liberty of interrupting
Judith's sentence for expedience. The night was growing long and he was
down to his last cigarette as he lit it up.

Judith pulled the corset close to her for further inspection. She could
see a series of those slices ran all around the corset, both top and
bottom. They also ran strategically in-between each stay as well. And as
she examined a single slice at random she noticed that both it's edges had
little holes running down the length of it as if they were . . .

"Count Grido Corsini! You and your entire family are geniuses!" Judith's
haunting analytic mind found the answer at last.

The Count clicked his heels together and gave a quick formal nod of his
head as if accepting Judith's praising comment from his whole entire
family.

"It's a corset within a corset," exclaimed Judith as if she became
suddenly enlighten from seeing the obvious. "That's is what you meant by
being so simple. The slices are all along the sloping funnel-like part of
the corset, both above and below the waist. Once the main corset has been
laced up completely in the back, then each of the individual slices or
mini corsets can be laced up as well. But from the size of these holes,
the laces for these mini corsets must be very small in diameter."

"You are correct Signorina, very small indeed. And a special tool similar
to a surgeon's forceps is used to grip them and pull on them to the desire
tension."

"And as each slice is pulled together by it's tiny laces, more and more of
the gentle sloping funnel-like shape becomes acute until a pipe stem
center begins to form."

"Exactly Signorina! And with a change in a more severe corset, the pipe
stem appearance becomes even more prominent. It is only a matter of time
until one has developed what you see here before you, a perfectly
symmetrical tube waist. And in so doing, the renowned funnel-like area has
been reduced to nothing more than an abbreviated cradle-like support for
both ribs and pelvis."

"My goodness Count! I just realized what you meant by this being an art
form. One has to be incredibly meticulous in the lacing of these mini
corsets, both individually and together. Too much, too quickly, and the
girl might be damaged inside. And if the proper sequencing is not adhered
to, the entire symmetry may be effected. The knowledge and expertise must
take years to acquire. Now I truly see what you mean by it being a labor
of love."

The Count made a simple nod of his head in silence. A symbolic gesture of
thanks for understanding how much work and dedication actually went into
this bizarre art form.

Judith had to ask another question, in part, thinking that she already
knew the answer, but wanting to be sure. "With such a dramatic new shape
to the torso, does that mean flexibility is lost Count?"

"I'm afraid it is. That, and the fact that the corset must be worn all the
time now. The muscles in her back and abdomen have been reduced to a
fraction of what they once were through simple atrophy. So in order for
the corset to be removed, say for hygiene or any other purpose, Sabrina
must be supported from above, hanging from her arms. Then once the corset
is in place, her whole torso is basically fused together. She can no
longer twist or bend at the waist."

"Does that imply she is limited in other respects as well, given her other
enhancements? Even standing still must be very difficult for her."

The Count began shaking his head no even before Judith could finish her
question.

"Not at all Signorina. She just had to learn how to carry herself in a
different manner. With her bigger breasts, her center of gravity has
change. Thus, it requires her to compensate a little with her derriere by
projecting it out behind her as when she bends at the hips. Her walk too
had to change as well, but it did so for the better I might add. Instead
of preforming what you Americans call that blatant "bump and grind strut",
her walk is a bit more gentile. Since her whole torso is virtually one,
she is forced to sway and twist like a small branch in a gentle wind. For
example, as her left leg leads, her left hip follows with a slight sway to
the outside. This in turn results in an equally slight twist in the
opposite direction of her chest. Her body is then brought forward with her
weight shifting from her right foot to the projected left. Her right leg
is then moved forward, with a corresponding outer sway of her hip and a
slight twist in her chest from right to left. And given her rather
impressive chest, it is so very arousing to watch her swing her bosom so
seductively. I would show you Signorina, but to release Sabrina from her
display stand would take some time and it is getting quite late in the
evening." The Count then motioned with his hand indicating that he was
half way through his last cigarette.

Judith quickly looked to her watch and was surprised by the time. "You are
absolutely correct Count. I must apologize for keeping you so late."

The Count made a gestured indicating that for her it was no problem at
all.

Judith then turned her attention to Sabrina, walking directly in front of
her and looking straight into her evil wishing eyes. She took a moment to
contemplate how much the blackmailing girl had suffer at The Count's hand.
An act that made her smile. Then it was time for her to say her good-bye
to the girl.

"Well Sabrina, it looks like you got what you wanted after all."

The expression in Sabrina's eyes changed instantly. A wide eyed look of
confusion formed with just a hint of condemnation directed at Judith for
saying such a stupid thing.

"Oh no?" Judith did a mock surprised look of her own to go along with her
pretend concerned words. "But you did want to be transformed into a model,
I mean a "super model"!" Judith raised her voice and eyes with excitement
along with her hands in a flamboyant wave. Once more a fraudulent act to
make fun of the girl's life long dream.

Sabrina tried to audibly challenge Judith's idea of what she truly wanted,
but she was sucking on that damn dildoe far too hard to make even a moan.
Besides, it was already in direct contact with the back of her throat so
she had no choice but to remain silent in order not to illicit her gag
reflex. Something she had learned the hard way to do like everything else
The Count had taught her.

"But of course it is. That's why you, your "mother", and your stepfather
tried to blackmail Madame Rouso in the first place. You wanted it sooooo
much, to be a "super model" that you would do "ANYTHING" to get it,
"REMEMBER"?" Judith verbally highlighted those two words profoundly, which
cause Sabrina to lower her eyes, not in shame, but in disgust. Disgust
with herself for being so stupid in letting down her guard that resulted
in her being turned into a freak.

"There now, you do remember after all. And what's the big deal if there
was a small, tiny little change in plans. No real harm done, right?"

Immediately Sabrina looked back at Judith with an angry surprised look.
'How dare that bitch say there was no harm done. Just look at me! How
could I ever be a model now, let alone a super model.' Her thoughts of how
her life long dream had come crashing down around her hideous form brought
on a very sad expression in her eyes. A pair of eyes that released a
single tear from each.

"There, there, Sabrina. Why are you crying?" Judith took out her
handkerchief and wiped the wetness away. "Oh! Maybe you are crying because
you are so happy in how you look now and you just can't wait to get
started in your new career as a super model."

Once more that confused anger look was directed at Judith as if she had
totally lost her mind.

"Now I see your problem. You think that just because you look like some
super enhance blow up sex doll no one will want you as a model. Well, in a
way, I guess there is some of truth to that. All those famous fashion
companies and fashion magazines like Vogue and Elle probably would not
want you, looking the way you do and all. Which means the possibility of
you becoming a main stream super model of women's fashions along with the
possibility of becoming a movie star like all those other girls did is
seriously null and void." Judith paused at this point letting her words
really sink into Sabrina spirit. An assumption that was readily confirmed
by Judith wiping more tears from the girl's eyes.

"But cheer up girlfriend! You will still become a "super model" after all!
In fact, Madame Rouso has a list of people who can't wait to get a hold of
you for modelling their creative fashions."

Sabrina was looking at Judith completely dumbfounded.

"There was just a little change in direction that's all. Instead of
modeling for those boring, "normal", fancy places for the masses, you will
be parading your new and improved self before a slightly different, much
more restricted crowd of voyeurs. You will become a "super model" for the
kinky sector of society. And the rumor I heard is that you will be in
"great demand" throughout the world. Europe, Asia, South America,
Australia, Canada all across the globe, just like those mainstream models.
Soon you will be sashaying your sexy self down cat walks wearing the
latest and greatest of clothes made from tight leather, shiny PVC and hot
constricting rubber. I can just imagine all those prestigious photo
sessions from countless exclusive fetish and bondage companies wanting to
put your picture in their magazines wearing their kinky products. And then
there is the Internet. My Gosh, can you believe it! The World Wide Web!
Your picture will be seen by millions and millions, if not billions of
people! And there is more too, movies! Just imagine, the films, videos and
DVD's of you in action. You will become everyone's favorite Damsel in
Distress, a regular living breathing kinky sex doll. The possibilities are
endless! So you see Sabrina, you "WILL" become a super model after all.
Just, like, you, wanted!"

Judith gently stroked the side of the girl's sunken in cheek before
turning away and extending her arm out so The Count could help her back
down.

Sabrina's awestruck face just seemed to stare out into space. Her mind was
flooded with thoughts of what her life was going to be like. The pain and
humiliation of people using her like some perverted doll or mannequin. To
be dressed, to be bound and then forced to display their repulsive goods
at her expensive. And then to take pictures and movies of her looking like
some exotic kinky bimboe slut so in love with what she has become. It was
all so horrible and degrading just thinking about it let alone doing it.
All she wanted to do was to just die!

But then another thought crept into her mind, her mother. She would help
her. She would rescue her and put things to right. She would not let her
little girl be dressed and bound like some off the shelf kinky Barbie
doll. She would not let them publicly ridicule her to the whole world. She
knew her mother was a force to be reckon with, especially in unison with
her rich stepfather that Mama controlled like a puppet on a string.

"Madame Rouso will be so delighted with what you accomplished dear Count.
You Sir, are an artist of outstanding abilities." And in a regal manner
befitting The Count's aristocratic status, Judith bowed her head with
humbled humility and preformed a small curtsey.

The Count was so taken with Judith's remarkable show of respect for both
his position and for what his knowledge and talents had done with an once
upon a time normal human being that he immediately dropped his still good
cigarette to the ground. He then came to full attention as if before the
highest of government officials and he performed a most impressive bow in
kind to Judith.

Sabrina was watching it all with a renewed evil stare. She was in the
mitts of contemplating what she was going to do to them, all of them, once
her mother learned of what they did to her dear loving daughter. Then the
tide would change. Revenge would be hers, no mercy will be given and all
these kinky psychotic perverts will pay dearly for destroying her and her
life's dream forever.

The matched pair regained there more casual composure and resumed their
little chat about Sabrina.

"My staff and I will have to find just the right outfit for dear Sabrina
to wear when she is once again reunited with her mother at Madame Rouso's
estate. It's simply amazing Count. I just can not believe how dramatically
you changed her."

"Yes my dear Judith, I too find it uncanny to be able produce such effects
in such a short amount of time. But a good part of the credit should go to
Sabrina for being such a "willing" lump of clay."

The two smiled and chuckled for awhile, seeing the obvious pun in The
Counts biting humor. Then The Count added something that neither Judith
nor Sabrina was aware of.

"Just think Signorina Judith. The Signora's entire transformation, from
her ballerina like feet to her most pleasing oral cavity, can all be
reversed. That is of course if one wanted too."

'REVERSED!' Sabrina screamed in her mind as her furrowed brow and angry
eyes changed to hopeful anticipation. 'I can go back? I could be me again?
How? When? Tell me. Please, TELL ME!' Again her mind was full of anxious
shouts of joy.

"Reversed Count?" Judith too was surprised to hear that, but her reaction
was much more subdued. "Is such a thing truly possible? I mean given how
totally and extensive her transformation was. Would it be possible for her
to look the way she once did Count?"

"But of course Signorina. There is a drug, a kind of antidote if you will,
that will slowly negate the reaction of the enhancing oil and ointment. It
is also possible to reverse the stretched skin and to reconstitute the
atrophy muscles at the same time, given the proper massage and exercise
program of course. It certainly will not be an easy task though by any
means. And there is the requirement that the drug and recuperation program
begin within the next three months as well.

"Yes, it will be difficult, but given the proper dedication, I believe
Sabrina could go back to looking just as she did before in say . . . six
months to a year."

Sabrina closed her eyes and thanked the higher powers that be for giving
her a second chance at becoming her old self again. A few seconds later
her eyes slowly opened. There was a little twinkle of hope in them. For
now she could see on the horizon, not the possibility, but the probability
of a new future for her. One that still had her dream of becoming a super
model in it, and one that also had her reeking vengeance to all who did
her wrong. So wrapped up was Sabrina with her future course that she
barely gave heed to what Judith was now asking The Count.

"Why Three months Count?"

"The enhancing oil and ointment have an extra added component to it that
gives it a delayed maturation period. If the reversing process is not
started within three months, then full transformation back would not be
possible. And if delayed past nine months, then I am afraid the Signora
will have no possibility of going back at all. I will of course notify
Madame Rouso of all this information, as well as providing her with an
ample supply of the antidote to be used at her discretion."

The narrow window of opportunity did not bother Sabrina one bit. As long
as she could get back with her mother it will all work out. Together, come
hell or high water, they will figure out a way to get that antidote. Then
it will be her turn to determine the fate of other peoples lives.

"So will I be seeing you at Madame Rouso's party Count," Judith asked him
as she turned and began walking back to the door.

"I am sorry to say no. I have been away far too long for this time of
year. My family is anxious to see me again and I desire to celebrate the
holiday with them in my own home land."

They soon came to a stop a few feet from the door. Judith turned to take
one last look before leaving. She felt differently now. No longer was
there that awestruck erotic surprise when she first laid eyes on the girl.
Once she was able to really explore the girl, to touch her and find out
the how of it all, her burning curiosity had simmered down to a calming
repose.

It was like seeing a wonderful painting for the first time. There was the
initial shock of seeing something new and exciting. Then after the
insatiable desire to see and know more about it was appeased, one was able
to step back and really see the painting for what it was, a true work of
art by a highly skilled and created artist. And Sabrina had become just
that, by the hand of the artistic Count.

Even now, Judith could really appreciate the overall artistry that went
into creating such a creature. How each part blended into one another. To
make the whole much greater than the sum of it's individually enhanced
parts. And not one part was pronounce enough to subtract from any of the
others. Not from her long sleek shapely legs made even more so with her
feet forced up on point, all the way up to her long flowing blonde hair
sprouting like a fountain from the black leather band binding it together
on the top of her head. It was all proportion and symmetry. And it all
seemed to flow from those three black bands.

One could not help having their eyes drawn straight to that first black
band. A four inch black leather belt, which surrounded that incredibly
small tube-like waist. A man made creation that stood in sharp contrast to
that which was below and above it. The direction one looked first was
based solely on the individual. A choice cultivated by many years of
sexual obsession, or fetishism.

Those with an over active libido would quickly peer downward. There they
would find a "super pussy" that boggled the mind. Way bigger than anything
one could have imagined. It's fleshy lips were literally engulfing the
thick phallus that was invading it's deep vacuous gullet. Size did not
matter, for the super pussy had been trained to appease any man with the
desire to seek ecstasy there in.

And for those with a particular fetish for breasts of a corpulent nature,
a quick look upwards would make them shiver with eager anticipation. Both
of them were beautiful and flawless in all ways possible. Size, shape,
projection, nipples, the whole symbolic edifice of pure pendulous female
sexuality was right there in all it's glory. It was truly life imitating
art in how they transcended the male mental fantasy of the erotic female
into becoming unbelievable reality. They made one want to rub and buried
their faces in their vast silky smooth skin. To suck and nibble on those
thumb size nipples until the cows come home. And to grasp and kneed their
malleable soft flesh like a baker making bread.

'Oh yes', Judith thought to herself 'the first band did well in drawing
one's attention to it and then using it to separate the two proverbial
rutting male icons. Both enhanced to the exotic level of the sublime. And
the same could be said for the next black band as well. That's is if one
should just happen to look upwards pass those two monumental beacons of
feminine virtue and see that dark piece of leather surrounding the girl's
tender swam like neck.

That very noticeable three inch leather collar was not all that
interesting of and by itself. It's thick foreboding blackness and snug
grip about the girl's pale neck was meant more to catch the eye and then
redirect it upwards to another bizarre expression of the human art form.

This time the viewing effect left one with a mixture of feelings. If one
looked hard, they could see the soft angelic features of a pure angel.
Big, blue, emotionally full eyes above a slightly turned up pixie nose,
and skin as immaculate and delicate as a rose pedal. Of course one had to
look hard for those wholesome features because the obvious was staring at
them right in the face.

It was based on a reoccurring theme, another pair of giant red robust lips
surrounding the tail end of what was once a huge male shaped phallus. It
was very surreal in a way, like a Salvadore Daly painting. Here was a very
pretty girl with very feminine features and she now had a mouth that was
totally out of proportion to the rest of her face. And the way that big
mouth was depicted, with it's sunken in cheeks, it just had to be symbolic
of something sexual. It took Judith several minutes of intense
contemplation to come up with the answer.

It was the Madonna and Whore divergence. The mixture of feelings that many
men had when their sexy girlfriends became their respected wives, and
mothers. It was all right there in the girl's face. Although in this work
of art, with it's commanding presents of that enormous phallus sucking
mouth, one is left with the feeling that the Whore held the top anointed
position over the Madonna.

Then once more, the wondering eye was caught by another black band. A much
smaller one this time both in circumference and height. An indication that
the tour was just about over now. It was a simple two inch wide black hair
band holding the girl's shiny blonde hair on top of her head. Her
beautiful hair funnelling up and then arching over itself back down, as if
redirecting the person's gaze back from which it came.

'She truly is a magnificent work of art' Judith said to herself.

Judith could see how the girl's enhancements were actually symbols working
on different levels. On the one hand they reflected society's limited view
as to what it means to be female. Mouth, breasts, waist, pussy, legs, it
was all there like a grocery list. The out right tangible symbols of
beauty and femininity taking center stage for all to see, mockingly so.

And then, on the other hand, those enhanced features were simply what they
were, a fetish lover's wet dream. Objects that produce an immediate
Pavlovian sexual response upon those viewing them, nothing more. They were
also objects that a smart girl could take full advantage of, if she wanted
to make a lot of money that is.

'Now there's a thought,' Judith said to herself. 'A very interesting turn
of events in the making. The "exploitee" turning the tables on the
"exploiter".'

But that area was all up to Madame Rouso. Right now, her and The Count's
tasks were basically done. All she needed to do was to dress the girl and
deliver her to Madame's estate on the night of her Xmas party. Something
that Judith almost forgot about too, as in her two bald headed soon to be
ponygirls currently being processed. She still needed to look in on them
before retiring for the night.

Judith then turned her attention back to The Count. She extended her hand
out in a gesture of good will, thanking him for all he had done and to say
good-bye.

The Count saw it as something else however.

He took Judith's hand in his and pulled her close. His other hand followed
suit wrapping it's self around her feminine waist and drawing her
inescapably tight against him. His determined eyes were focused on hers
and his whole body began to pulse with a great undulating need.

Judith quickly placed her arms and hands hard up against The Count's
chest. She could feel her strength being slowly drained away by his. She
tried not to look into those beautiful sexy eyes of his, knowing that if
she did, she would easily fall prey to the same animal magnetism that was
attracting him to her. But one fatal glimpse was all it took. For she too
felt the rekindling of her erotic craving rising inside.

His hand, now feel of hers, went around her like a snake. It slithered up
her back until she could feel his fingers gently massage the back of her
neck.

His touch was electrifying to her soul. Any resistance she had, any last
bastion of moral virtue fueled by common sense, was set off to the side
like an old worn out shoe.

Closer and closer his eyes came to hers. His eager tender lips following
right behind. She did not turn away when she felt his hot breath upon her
excited skin. And when his passion laden lips met hers, she welcomed them
without hesitation, adding a little French of her own in their dance of
oral copulation.

Time and space disappeared. Nothing mattered any more. The present was
everything. And what they felt while in one another's arms was nothing
short of hot burning lust.

But women are made different than men. Even though they too are prone to
the weakness of the flesh, their arousing uphill climb is much gentler
than their male counter parts. So when that first passionate kiss finally
did end, Judith took the initiative.

"Count, we mustn't, it isn't right, to your wife, to your family . . . "

The Count simply placed one finger over Judith's lips and said in a soft
warm voice. "I know my dear Judith, I know. But it is the season after
all." And with that he took his finger off her lips and pointed it
straight up.

Judith, confused, but yet trusting, followed said arrow with her eyes
skyward. Once she saw what The Count was pointing to, she immediately knew
what he meant by "'Tis the Season".

She was the first to laugh out loud. She had one of those infectious
laughs too when she really let go. A laugh that would cause anyone hearing
it to smile and laugh along with her. The Count, in all his regal
aristocracy, did as well.

It wasn't long before they were both laughing, standing separately and
just enjoying the moment. It was amazing what laughter could do to
distinguish the flames of passion.

"Mistletoe my dear Count" Judith asked in a happy voice.

"I knew one way or another, I was going to kiss you Signorina Judith. Or
as you Americans put it so eloquently, 'By hook or by crook!'"

Again the two laugh most freely. The tension that was once, was now gone.

Again, Judith extended her hand out in thankful good-byes. This time The
Count took it in his, brought it to his lips and kissed it with friendship
and respect.

"Good-bye my dear Signorina. May your holiday be full of joy and
happiness."

"And may your trip home be safe and your time with your family and friends
be full of prosperity and love."

And with that Judith exited the room, but not without blowing Sabrina a
tender heartfelt kiss.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 6 coming soon, really!

See how the pierced, bald and soon to be ponygirls get tucked in for the
night.

Stay tune!




This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.




                           "'Tis the Season"


                  The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia"


                               by Musker



                               (part 6)

         "They were all nice and warm, very snug in their beds."


Judith took another look at her watch just outside the door to where the
two shoplifting girls were being prepared. The time was indeed late and
she wondered if her assistant and Sir Winfred were still even there. She
paused for a moment putting her ear next to the door to see if she could
hear anyone on the other side. She thought she heard something, talking,
moaning, but it was too faint to make out. Not wanting to barge in on
something that might need a steady hand, she decided to make a quiet
entrance.

She took hold of the door knob and slowly turned it. The door soon parted
from it's jam and she could immediately hear voices. It sounded like Sir
Winfred was doing most of the talking with her assistant Sheila echoing
back the major points. Considering the two were in deep conversation,
Judith decided to continue with her inconspicuous entrance.

As the door slowly swung open, the first thing Judith saw was the coat
rack. It was at the far end of the wall, in the corner, with Sir Winfred's
outer apparel on it.

She loved using her work units for all sorts of things, furniture being
one of her most favorites. The coat rack was one of her first ventures
into said field of interest and it's concept had been modified on several
occasions. The present one being the best, in her opinion.

This version started with a simple work unit standing on a small moving
platform. A pipe ran up from it's center and ended with two dildoe on it.
The dildoes were used to mount the girl in place on the stand. And to keep
her that way a full leather body sheath was laced around her.

Other than having a hood attached to it, it was really nothing fancy. It
was made from common black leather stock with stays running up and down
it's entire length like in a corset. It conformed to a standard woman's
shape and was fitted to the particular work unit in question by adjusting
the tension on the laces in the back, which also ran it's full length. The
only openings were one large oval for the work units eyes and nose, two
small circular openings for her ringed nipples to poke through and her
feet just below the ankle. Her feet were covered by the standard in house
issued foot wear of stiletto granny boots.

There was one more item applied to the work unit prior to the sheath being
installed, and one that could not be seen. It was a single glove. The
purpose of which was to pull back and square off the work unit's
shoulders. Without the glove, the work unit really didn't have the broad
shoulders to keep a coat in place, especially if it was for a man's coat.
But by adding the tight glove, it gave the work unit's shoulders plenty of
angularity to keep any size coat in place.

Even Sir Winfred's large coat looked to be in very secure shape on the
coat rack's petite shoulders. His hat too was safely placed on top of the
work unit's head. Although with the great mismatch in size the rim of said
bowler came to just below the work unit's eyes.

It was a bit hard to see, but Sir Winfred's umbrella also seemed to be in
an easy accessible place. It hung by it's curve handle from a small chain
that ran from one ringed nipple to the other. And from how low it rested
on the work unit's torso, Sir Winfred's umbrella looked surprisingly
heavy. Judith took note that her requirements of making all coat racks
have their nipples pierced was indeed a good one. The prior suggestion of
using those flimsy clamp ons would never have worked with such an
unexpected weight like Sir Winfred's umbrella hanging from them like it
was.

All in all, Judith was quite happy with the first thing she saw. And as
she slowly pushed the door open a little more, she was surprised to see
something else.

One of the girls was already finished with her processing. She was then
placed off to the side in a kind of waiting mode while the other one was
still being worked on. The girl was standing bent over at the waist and
next to the coat rack, naked.

Judith tried to discern which one of the two it was, but the face of the
girl was right up against the far wall and thus out of her field of
vision. Hair color would have been a dead give away, except all the girl's
body hair, the hair on her head, her eyebrows even her lush pussy hair had
been shaven clean off as part of her processing. And considering that both
girl's were basically the same height and weight, body structure was no
help either.

Judith simply did not know the girls long enough to make an accurate
decision based on the minute unique differences that made one girl
different from the other. But there was one interesting attribute that
Judith did remember however. A little something that somehow stuck in her
ever vigilant erotic mind.

Judith quietly poked her head into the room and made eye contact with
Sheila. She placed her finger to her lips as if telling her assistant not
to bother with her, but to continue and give her complete attention to Sir
Winfred.

Sheila gave a smiling nod of her head and quickly resume minding Sir
Winfred's words.

Sir Winfred seen Judith too, but it was only a quick look to see who it
was. Then, without a change in his solemn teacher's austere, he continued
with the subject matter at hand.

Judith entered the room and silently closed the door behind her. She
leaned up against it for a short time taking in the full bound and tether
appearance of the girl before her. An evil cunning grinch like smile
formed on her face, one with a hint of childish mischief near the upturn
corners of her mouth. Her body weight soon shifted forward and she slowly
made her way over to the girl with the heels of her shoes making that
definitive sound of controlled power in motion.

That ominous "click, click, click" was loud enough for the girl to hear
her coming. Which was exactly what Judith wanted. She didn't want to
surprise the girl when she finally did touch her. Such a thing could
result in some tender flesh being accidentally ripped off in the girl's
knee jerk reaction to being surprised.

But for the work unit it didn't matter. Her ears were plugged to sound
proof capacity. Only her eyes allowed any sensory input to enter into her
brain. And if those two beauties weren't covered by Sir Winfred's well
kept English hat, they would have been looking out into the distance in a
kind of dissociated fixed stare like they were trained to be.

Judith stopped along the side of the girl with her back to the human coat
rack.

The bent over girl let out a soft, pathetic, little moan. A moan that
sense the presents of an unknown woman next to her, and one that greeted
said lady with heart touching pleading mercy.

"There, there pretty thing." Judith said in a loving voice as she began to
stroke the girl's shiny bald head. "No one is going to hurt you anymore."
Her stroking hand flared out and continued it's meandering path down the
girl's bare back. "Unless of course you don't obey." Her hand was now on
the girl's naked butt with her fingers and nails grasping and digging deep
into the girl's pliable flesh.

The girl instantly let out a very painful moan when she felt the now known
woman making her point on her tender derriere.

"So I take it we thoroughly understand one another then?" Judith began
circling the dented flesh with her hand as if trying to rub it smooth once
more. She really didn't care if it also relieved some of the pain as well.

The girl moaned in a most impressive yes to Judith's question, but in
doing so, she accidently moved her head as well. An action that brought on
another spiking painful groan right afterwards.

"Ohhh, poor little filly." Judith moved her head closer to the side of the
girl's face and petted her head again like a beloved pet, or in this case,
a ponygirl in the making."

Judith could now see how her assistant had tethered the girl in place. A
short little hook, nothing more than a thin piece of wire bent into an
overlapping "O". It effectively held the girl's nose ring to a screw eye
in the wall. It was only because the nose ring was freshly installed that
such a flimsy piece of wire could be used. In a day or two when said
perforated septum was all nicely healed, the girl could easily pull
herself away without hardly any pain at all.

Then Judith thought for a moment. She wondered if her assistant had done
this on purpose. Letting the ringed girl she how easy it would be to
escape her humiliating position if only she could tolerate the intense
pain in doing so. 'Was Sheila trying to add a little mental anguish to the
girl's already physical torment,' Judith asked herself as she began to
think that her assistant was developing some psychological depth to her
already impressive technical skills. If Sheila continued down this path
then she would have progressed passed the level of being just her
assistant. At that point, she would have to promote the girl to a higher
level in her organization like she did her counter part Jenny upstairs, if
she wanted to keep her under her employ. Which wouldn't be a bad idea
considering the free time it would allow her in the process.

Then Judith's attention was drawn once more to the plight of the girl as
another distressing moan brought her back to the girl's tethered nose.

"Aww, poor thing, that must be very uncomfortable for you. Having your
very sensitive nose hooked to the wall like that. I guess someone thought
you were nothing but a horse, just a little dumb animal, and decided to
tie you to a hitching post while you waited." Judith added her own little
bitting psychological torment as another aggravated moan echoed her
success.

But Judith could not help being moved by the girl's suffering.

"Here pretty pony, let me kiss your aching nose and make it better."
Judith took the girl's lower jaw in hand and gently twisted the girl's
head to one side. At that point Judith could see that the same expanding
pear gag was still in use, and thus being the reason for the girl's so
arousing distressing moans. She then placed a sweet affectionate kiss on
the girl's pixie like nose.

As soon as the girl felt Judith grab her jaw her eyes went big in fright.
And when she felt the subtle force that the woman used to move her head to
the side she let out a series of fast sharp muffled screeches to let the
woman know that her actions were causing her to hurt. The girl could not
see or barely feel the pouting lips of the woman as they touched the side
of her nose. For her eyes were tightly shut and her stifled wail of pain
took president as the wire loop began to unbend from being pulled away in
the process.

"There now pretty girl, isn't that much better?" Judith began stroking the
side of the girl's face, taking a few of her tears with each gentle
caress.

The girl was virtually silent now. She only batted her eyes a few times so
her vision would no longer be blurred by the painful ordeal of being
kissed.

"You sure are a very, very pretty thing." Judith's hands began to wander
again. Under the girl's chin, down her smooth girlish neck and then around
and around her chest and prominent soft breasts. Now Judith knew who this
was!

"Jasmine!" She said with a glow of recognition. "You are going to make an
excellent ponygirl when Sir Winfred is done with you. You should be very
proud of yourself."

It was easy to tell who the girl was now. The identifying characteristic
that Judith focused on, and remembered, when the girl was nude and bound
to the table made it very easy to tell who she was. Jasmine was the girl
with the smaller of the breasts. Not astoundingly so, just enough that a
connoisseur of breast flesh like Judith was could easily tell with only a
single sightless touch. Well, maybe after only a little grouping that is.

But Katie didn't see anything to be proud about! Her pride and joy, her
hair, all her hair for that matter, was shaven off and with it went her
unique feminine identity of both age and class. She was also pierced and
ringed like an animal, a common piece of farm livestock no less. Then she
was bound and tether to a wall like some owned horse and made to wait.
Wait for what? For some woman who's only interest in her was to increase
her mental and physical torment a hundred fold! And after all that, that
same damnable woman told her to be proud of her descent into becoming a
freak of perverted lust.

Katie seen nothing positive at all with her current situation, let alone
to take "pride" in. All she had to hold onto was hope. The fervent belief
that things would get better. But when she felt that woman playing with
her breasts like some ravenous lover and then tugging on her recently
pierced nipples as if they were a teat on some dairy milk cow, she began
to wonder if hope had not abandoned her as well.

All of sudden, Judith's serene sightless expression changed. Her smile had
vanished and her brow furrowed. Her fingers where telling her something
that her mind said should not be. A disparity existed, and one that needed
confirmation from another of her senses. Her eyes flew open and she
squatted down to see. "What is this," she whispered to herself as her eyes
could not believe what they were telling her. She reached over to the
other hanging breast and grasped it's pointed apex.

Katie shriek through her gag. That same damn pear gag that deaden most of
the sound that echoed her painful existence did a most splendid job in
keeping her excruciating outburst down to mouse's squeak. Like her nose,
her pierced nipples were ultra sensitive to any agitation, not to mention
a very determined grab and pull no less.

Judith's expression turned to confusion. 'How could there be barbells in
her nipples when there should be rings there instead, gold rings!' Then,
as an after thought, she unceremoniously let go of Katie's breast and
squatted back over to the girl's head.

She firmly placed her hand on top of Katie's bald head as if she were
grasping a melon in a grocery store, and then twisted it to one side.

Again Katie let out with a sharp cry of pain that only Judith could hear a
good measure of. That is if she wasn't so focused on something else.

Judith eye's did not deceive her memory. There was a ring in Katie's nose
all right. But it was a lack luster steel one instead of a bright and
shiny gold one that she wanted to be there.

Judith paused for a second letting her hand slowly release it's grip from
Katie's head. She then used it as support and balance to rinse to her feet
in contemplation.

This time Katie let out with a long rising groan that interestingly
matched Judith upward ascent.

When Judith removed her hand from Katie's head, Katie immediately sought
and found a better position for it. A position that substituted the
searing pain in her nose with one of a dull throb.

Katie was hurting, and angry! Her anger could be seen, and heard, in the
way she bitterly flexed her arms in her leather harness. Before she was
removed from the table, a wide thick leather belt was tightly buckled
around her middle just above her waist. Two more belts of approximately
the same size were then fastened around each leg at the fullest part of
her hip. When one arm was released, it was forcibly pulled back along her
side and leg. Her forearm, just above the wrist, was quickly fastened to
her hip by a strap that was in turn attached to said hip belt. As soon as
that was done her upper arm, just above the elbow, was strapped to her
raised waist belt in the same fashion, but not so urgently. The other arm
followed suit on the opposite side of those same well placed belts. She
quickly found out that when Sheila guided her to the wall those two hip
belts were connected together by a short clip between her legs.

It was a very simple arrangement, her harness. Her arms were safely locked
away at her side for however long "they" wanted them to be there without
having to worry about loss of circulation or limb damage. At the same time
it allowed her main torso a good degree of movement, minus the abbreviated
hobble state, which was caused by the connected hip belts. And the whole
thing was strong too! As again, the squeaking and wrenching of the leather
testified to as it held fast against Katie's heighten anger and
determination to free herself.

But Judith was not concerned with any of that. She had something else on
her mind. Something that she simply could not bring herself to believe.
She told Sir Winfred, explicitly, what she wanted done with regards to
both girl's piercings. She thought it would be a real hoot if they could
follow the Xmas theme of "five golden rings". Just like in the song of the
"12 Days of Xmas". But now there weren't any.

Then an idea jumped into Judith's head. 'Maybe the rings were not
available.' It was possible, being this late at night and all. And if that
were true, Sir Winfred had to use whatever was made available. Thus the
reason for the steel ring and barbells. Which meant that there should be
two more holes to look for. One in each of Katie's labia lips.

Judith quickly walked around to the back of Katie. "Jasmine, spread your
legs" exclaimed Judith in a loud commanding voice that even caught the
attention of Sir Winfred and Sheila for a moment. "Keep your legs
straight, arch your back and stick out your ass. Now!" The last command
was punctuated with a clear crisp smack on Katie's butt.

Katie's gagged checked wail told of her displeasure for being smacked on
the butt. And the following long distressing groan commented on her
frustration in trying to do what she was told to while at the same time
not causing herself pain in the process. A difficult task when one is bent
over horizontally, nosed hooked to the wall, arms solidly fused against
one's side as if they were stitched on, and wearing heels so high that the
balls of her feet were barely touching the ground.

But Judith was in no mood to care about this filly's problems or her
discomfort. She had her own agenda right now. And as she looked down at
the youthful derriere that was now projected out before her she felt a
twinge in her stomach by what she saw. Or better yet, what she didn't see.

A good part of both labia lips could be seen and neither one had a single
vestige of a piercing or remnant insertion there of. This was not good.

There was only one other possibility that was meandering around inside
Judith's mind. A possibility that she definitely did not like. But one she
had to know if it was true or not. She held her breath as her hand moved
to the top portion of Katie's pussy.

Judith grimace when her fingers found out the truth. And Katie's muffled
yelp acknowledge that same irritation. There were no rings. Just another
barbell, one this time, and it ran through the pierced clit hood of
Katie's pussy.

Judith eyes closed as she let out a soft sigh of disappointment. 'Why did
he do this,' Judith asked herself while her fingers continued to fondle
the barbell, almost absent-mindedly. An action that was reeking havoc with
Katie's body. For a little tug here, a small twist there, and then sliding
the tiny shaft from one side to the other right over her clitoris was
making Katie twist, jerk and spasm in both pain and pleasure. Even her
moans and groans lack definition as to whether she was experiencing pure
erotic joy or intense searing agony. But either way it didn't last long.

Judith soon ceased her digital articulation and calmly made her way over
to where Sir Winfred and her assistant were.

As she approached them, she could see that Sir Winfred was monitoring
Sheila's technique in piercing the other girl. Heidi was her name, or as
Judith knew her as the girl who took her beautiful red leather hat after
knocking it off her head with a snow ball. She was firmly fixed to the
table and not going anywhere. Her position was still as she had left her
earlier, on all fours except for one leg. It was now raised high up along
her side like a dog taking a pee. Having her this way just made it easier
for Sheila to pierce the girl's clit hood. Heidi's mouth remained gagged
just like her sister in crime, Katie. The device was effectively mounted
to a vertical bar that kept the girl's bald head completely still.

The closer Judith got, the better she could see the status of the girl,
which from the sound of it implied that she was in a great deal of
discomfort. Both of the girl's nipples had been pierced. Two long skewers
used to do the job were still hanging from them, waiting to be replaced
with what Judith could only imagine was another pair of barbells. She
could see that the girl's nose had already been pierced and ringed. That
same type of dull steel ring she seen on Katie was again being used. A
sight that made Judith feel greatly disappointed in. She could not see
what was in the girl's clit hood for both Sir Winfred and Sheila were
blocking her view. But she could hear from the agonizing moans and groans
of the girl that she was in the process of acquiring what would no doubt
be another barbell.

Judith decided to wait off to the side before she made her presents know.

"Very good my dear," Sir Winfred said with an air of exuberance in
congratulating his assistant on a job well done.

"Thank you Sir Winfred," acknowledge Sheila to her new teacher and mentor
with the same degree of enthusiasm as he had for her.

"Now all you have to do is to screw the ball in on the other side of the
steel shaft and then work the disinfectant well into the tiny wound. After
that you can do the girl's nipples the same way by yourself." After those
words of instruction Sir Winfred turned and gave his full attention to his
host.

"So, Ms. Davenport, I hope your inspection of the harnessed ponygirl, I
believed Sheila called her Jasmine, met with your approval."

Even in Judith's disappointed state she could not keep from generating a
little smile when she saw Sir Winfred in full view. He had undone all the
buttons on his vest and it was now opened wide showing off his rather
impressive girth. His shirt sleeves were rolled up passed his elbow, which
revealed his sparsely white hairs on his pudgy arms that matched perfectly
the slightly disarrayed white hairs on his head. And he was wearing a pair
of antique wire rimed spectacles low on his nose denoting his age and
tired worn eye sight. All together with his redden cheeks from working so
hard gave him that Santa Claus in his workshop kind of look. But even
though jolly old St. Nick had lighten Judith's disappointed mood
considerably, she still needed to talk with him on a more serious note.
So she took him by the arm and gently pulled him off to the side. Then
quietly, and respectfully, she had a little chat with him.

Sheila had just finished with Heidi's hood piercing and had watch the pair
walk away with a note of concern in her lady boss's movements. Something
was up! But she was obviously not privy to the issue being discussed. A
discussion that was now happening in hushed voices right behind her on the
other side of the operations' desk.

Being left out of the loop, Sheila turned her attention back to the task
that Sir Winfred had left for her. She picked up one of the two remaining
barbells in her plastic gloved hand and liberally coated it with the
disinfectant. Then she placed it's opened end onto the point of the needle
that was still sticking through the girl's nipple. There was a very small
sunken in spot on the flat end of the barbell especially for that purpose,
to hold the pointed needle in place on the barbell. This way all she had
to do was to pull the needle out from which it came while at the same time
pushing the shaft of the barbell right on through that same hole created
by the exiting needle. It was a very simple procedure and one she liked
doing very slowly. She loved watching the girl's distressing expression
and listening to her moans of biting discomfort in the process.

Sheila was taking on more and more of Judith's passion for women in
distress. Was it a possible side effect of having Judith as her mentor? Or
just something the two women had in common. Either way, the sorcerer's
apprentice was a very avid student.

Sheila just got the barbell through when she heard Judith's voice making a
point to Sir Winfred. Something about gold rings and red outfits. She
couldn't make it all out, but what she did get was that her boss wasn't
all that happy about something. After that she could hear the voice of Sir
Winfred. It was much too calm and low in volume for her to understand
anything that made any sense. But her curiosity was getting the better of
her, another attribute that she shared with her lady boss. So she decided
to take a quick look behind her, to see if it might help her figure out
what was going on between those two.

She saw Sir Winfred showing Judith some papers. Then he typed something in
on the console. Whatever came up did make an impression on Judith though,
as her surprised expression indicated.

Then Sheila turned back around and concentrated on finishing up with her
work. She figured that once it was done she could then find out what was
going on behind her.

She quickly screwed on the other ball to the steel shaft, added more
disinfectant to the entire barbell and began working the shaft back and
forth through the nipple. Again there was the audible discomfort in the
girl's moans, but not to the level when the skewer was replaced with the
barbell. Lucky for Sheila she still had one more nipple to have fun with.

The second one went in just as nicely as the first. As the smile on
Sheila's face verified, as well as several tears rolling off Heidi's
cheeks. At this point Sheila put away her piercing tools, removed her
rubber gloves and went to stand on the other side of the console where
Judith and Sir Winfred were in conference.

The atmosphere between the two seemed to have lighten up a bit. Judith
stood nodding her head in confirmation as she stared seriously at the
console. Sir Winfred on the other hand was smiling from ear to ear in
reaction to Judith's acceptance of what he had planed.

Sheila was not in a good position to see what was going on, even though
she tried to do so by rising up on her tippy toes and leaning in forward
over the operations' desk. An act that caught Judith's peripheral vision
and then her attention.

Judith looked up and seen Sheila quickly falling back square on her feet
and righting herself up in attention. Judith raised one eye brow and then
cocked her head as if to say 'Is there something you wanted Sheila?' To
which Sheila immediately responded first to Judith and then to Sir
Winfred, "I am through piercing Musk now. Would you like me to harness her
up like Jasmine?"

Instantly Judith's expression changed from one of general curiosity to
mild confusion. The lateness of the night and the activities of the day
were beginning to effect her energy level. Thus she too turned to Sir
Winfred echoing softly the word that mystified her, "Musk?".

Sir Winfred was in the process of rolling down his shirt sleeve when he
gave Sheila a simple nod of his head to go ahead and then addressed
Judith.

"That is the name she gave to the other ponygirl. What's her name now,
Heidi? Yes! That's it, Heidi. She said that there was a particular "aroma"
about the girl whenever she became anxious or excited as to what was being
done to her. Somehow this, "natural fragrance" if you will, effected
Sheila here in a most interesting way. Thus, she came up with the word
Musk. I, quite frankly, couldn't smell a bloody thing even remotely like
that, I am sorry to say. But then again, I am an old man and my sense of
smell is not what it used to be, or at least not as acute as your young
assistant's is. As well as many other things I might add, to which, again,
I am also sorry to admit to."

To that, both Sir Winfred and Judith formed a pleasant little smile on
their obvious tired faces.

Sheila had the belts, straps and heels all laid out on the table and was
well on her way in fastening the first leather hip belt to Heidi's still
raised leg.

Sir Winfred took a single step forward to where Judith was still staring
at his conception of what the ponygirls should look like. He started to
button his vest and was surprise to find how much easier it was to do just
that. It was only when his stomach began to grumble that the reason why
became all to apparent.

Judith would have smiled too upon hearing the hungry needs of her honored
guest, but she was still looking at his drawing and thinking about what he
said about her own ideas.

She agreed with him that her ideas were cute and in keeping with the theme
of the season. The red, skin tight, spandex jump suit with cut outs for
the girl's breasts and pussy would have been a real eye catcher at the
party. Especially when it showed off those five gold rings in the girls
piercings. Then having the leather harness and bridle died a bright green
with many tiny bells sewed on to it would definitely be in keeping with
the seasonal colors as well as adding a little audible cheer to the
atmosphere. And finally, a nice feathery red and green plume to top off
the whole costume, the proverbial icing on the cake as it were.

But when Sir Winfred told her of his ideas, Judith had to admit that his
was better. Much better! Where her's was cute and colorful, his was
classic and beautiful. When the people at the party would have seen her
rendition of a Xmas ponygirl, they would have smiled, laugh, cheered and
applauded her light hearted and creative ingenuity. When people would see
his winter's night ponygirls, they would be struck speechless with awe and
magical wonderment. The words of The Count kept echoing in the back of her
mind, "passion", "artform" and a "work of love". She was literally out
classed in her ideas by Sir Winfred. And what's more, she really didn't
mind it. For that was the whole idea in the first place, to have Sir
Winfred take over the project and do an outstanding job of it. This way he
could give his expertise to the task. Something that Judith was just to
busy to give her full undivided attention to. She was even a bit happy
that it was going to work out so well. Madame Rouso was definitely going
to be surprised by what she saw waiting for her at the party.

"Ummmm, excuse me, Ms. Davenport? Musk is ready now. Should I take her and
Jasmine to their rooms and prepare them for bed? . . . Umm . . . Ms.
Davenport?" Sheila had the enthusiastic light of her second wind in her
eyes. She was eager to do whatever her lady boss, or Sir Winfred, wanted
her to do next.

Judith raised her eyes and blinked a few times trying to focus on her
assistant in front of her. She then took her hands and began rubbing the
sands of a long day's adventures from them. One could hear the fatigue in
her voice, which was only one step away from a yawn.

"Ummmm, yes. Of course, definitely Sheila. Take the girls away and put
them to bed. And make sure you get a good nights rest too. I am sure Sir
Winfred will want an early start on the girl's training tomorrow."

Sir Winfred, with his vest all nicely buttoned up, was looking at his
pocket watch. And before he could say his first word, he filled in the
yawn that Judith missed.

"Not "that" early I'm afraid ladies," Sir Winfred empathized the word in a
humorous way.

Both women smiled, but it was Sheila who added an extra little chuckle.
His words were something that Judith could easily relate to, which was the
reason for her smile. While Sheila only seen it as a pun about getting old
and wanting to please her new mentor anyway she could.

"If you wish Sir Winfred," Sheila said in an eager voice. "I could have
Jasmine and Musk prepared for you ahead of time, just like you mentioned
to me earlier. This way you come in later in the morning if you wanted."

Sir Winfred made one of those interesting English expressions of surprise
and then responded, "That would be very nice young lady. Yes, very nice
indeed! I could get a little extra sleep, have breakfast at my hotel and
then come to begin their training right after words. That is a very good
idea! And "you", my dear Sheila, will be doing the majority of that
training too. I will only play a supervisory role. That is, if it's all
right with Ms. Davenport."

Both Sir Winfred and Sheila looked straight at Judith. But it was Sheila
that seemed to be bouncing around on pins and needles waiting for the
answer.

Judith gave a tired smile in return and said, "Whatever Sir Winfred wants
is all right with me. I have learned that he is quite a remarkable English
gentleman and one who will always surprise you when you least expect it."

Sheila was all happy smiles. Even tired old Sir Winfred was showing the
mark of suppressed gaiety as his face turned a most impressive red upon
hearing Judith's praising words.

"Then I will take the ponygirls away for bed now. Thank you Ms. Davenport
for allowing me to work with Sir Winfred, and thank you Sir Winfred for
teaching me your excellent ways of piercing a ponygirl. And I am really
looking forward to tomorrow too Sir Winfred. So I bid you both good night,
Ms. Davenport, Sir Winfred." The super energetic Sheila did a quick little
curtsy, spun around on her heels and went to the back of the room to
collect the two awaiting tethered moaning ponygirls.

Both Judith and Sir Winfred were speechless. All they could do was to look
at one another, smile and give an exhausting sigh. Their thoughts were one
and the same, 'Oh to be young again.'

Judith shut down the monitor and returned the drawings to Sir Winfred. And
in so doing she asked him if he wouldn't mind if she escorted him out.

A big smile crossed his weary face as he extended his arm out for her to
take. The two then strolled to the back of the room to get his coat and
hat.

When they reached the coat rack Sheila was already leading the pair of
groaning ponygirls out the door. She had made a simple leash out of some
thin thread by running it loosely through their nose rings and then
holding both of the ends together in a kind of big loop. She knew their
recent piercings would be much too sore for individual leather leashes
with heavy metal clips at the end of them. And having something this
simple was an excellent way to show the two girls how easy it was for her
to control them. Physically efficient and psychologically ingraining, two
aspects that neither Judith or Sir Winfred missed the meaning behind.

It wasn't until both hunched over, cheek to cheek, whining ponygirls, and
their future trainer Sheila were out of ear shot that Judith posed a
question to Sir Winfred.

"So my dear friend, what did you think of my assistant?" Judith took Sir
Winfred's coat off the coat rack and held it out for him to slip into.

"Oh, thank you my dear lady." Sir Winfred responded as he put one arm into
an awaiting coat sleeve. "I am very impressed with her. She is quite the
ideal assistant. You are very lucky to have her. She has youth, an
eagerness to learn, quite adept in working with her hands and a real
talent for the trade I might add. There is also something else that might
be there as well. Something that I have come to learn in my advancing
years as being a very rare commodity in today's world. You see, most of
the students that I have taught in my life do it for the money, the
prestige, or for some sexual psychological quark in their psyche. Now
there really is nothing wrong with those things if that is what motivates
a person. But people like that seldom have the staying power and
creativity for the long haul. They either soon loose interest or end up
damaging an otherwise promising piece of submissive human animal."

While Sir Winfred adjusted his coat to fit his body in the way of a
properly dressed English gentleman should, Judith removed his hat from the
leather clad head of the coat rack. She then handed it to him as if it was
an item of precious concern and echoed his own words back to him in a
question.

"And you think that Sheila might have this rare "something else" Sir
Winfred?"

"Thank you my dear," Sir Winfred said upon taking his bowler hat, that
emblem of English male pride, in hand and then reached for his umbrella.
"And for Sheila my dear Ms. Davenport . . ." He let the sentence hang as
he quickly lifted his umbrella up from the nipple chain of the coat rack.
The result of which could be seen in the tightly cinched eyes of the
leather encapsulated work unit. Then almost as quickly, those pain
stricken eyes slowly relaxed and opened again. That same vacant fixed
stare was upon them once more as when Sir Winfred's derby was covering
them. But this time, there was a long exhale of air as if some great
burden had just been lifted.

". . . I will say this. I will know more by the end of the day tomorrow.
To which, I will be more than glad to discuss it with you then. And with
that my dear lady would you do me the honor of escorting me out to the
city sidewalk as well." He held out his arm for her to take as if
instinctively knowing the answer.

Judith did so and added her other hand too as she pulled herself close to
him. They walked out of the room and down the hall like two good caring
friends, arm in arm.

In the opposite direction, just down the hall and around the corner was an
opened door. And in that room with the opened door was Sheila. She was
well into the process of putting the two ponygirls to bed for the night.
Heidi had already been tucked in on one bed just off to the side to where
Sheila was now working on Katie.

Heidi was still wearing all her harness belts as she laid prone on her
back upon a padded board. A series of seven wide leather straps secured
her body most stringently to the make shift bed so she would not
"accidently" fall off. Two straps went above and below her breasts,
bitting deeply into her soft bulging flesh. So tight did Sheila pull them
that they actually made Heidi's two above average breasts seemed much
bigger now. It also gave them a rather interesting oval shape that was
made more appealing, in Sheila's eyes, by their constantly erect pierced
nipples.

Three more thick lengths of leather were used at her waist, hips and
thighs. Again they were buckled so tightly as to make even the thought of
escape nothing more than a remote pipe dream for the bound victim.

Around her lower legs, just below her knees, was placed the sixth strap.
It did an amazing job of squashing her attractive calves deep into the
black foam until they came up hard against the solid board.

The last remaining strap went around a short distance above her ankles.
With her feet hanging over the edge of the bed, this was the last in the
series that made it totally impossible for her to even twitch her legs let
alone move them from that point on. But she could still move her bare feet
though. They were free to wiggle, twist and dance around in the air at her
hearts content. Sheila had taken Heidi's shoes off and placed them very
neatly at the foot of the bed, and in so doing, couldn't resist a little
tickle before leaving them alone.

There was one more strap used on Heidi, but that according to Sheila was a
temporary one. It wrapped around the girl's forehead keeping her head very
still in one place. Sheila told Heidi that with it on, it would make it
much easier to remove her gag. That same gag that seemed to be in her
mouth for an eternity.

Once Sheila had Katie rigged up exactly like her partner, she returned her
attention back to Heidi. She walked over to where the girl's head was and
knelt down just behind it. She bent over slightly and with a big smile on
her face looked serenely down into the girl's big frighten brown eyes.

"There, there Musk." Sheila began almost mimicking the exact same words
her lady boss did when she was with Jasmine. More proof as to the
influence Judith was having on her most gifted assistant. She started to
gently stroked the right cheek of the girl as she continued to talk to
her.

"There's nothing to be frighten about anymore Musk. At least not tonight.
In fact, I can make your life a whole lot better by simply removing that
nasty little thing you have stuck in that big succulent mouth of yours.
Unless of course you would rather go to sleep with that nasty thing still
inside you like that." Sheila had a much bigger smile on her devilishly
evil face now as she started to trace around Heidi's out stretched lips
with her index finger all around the perimeter of that damnable gag.

"So what would it be my sweet aromatic filly, in or out?"

Sheila purposefully gave Heidi a choice that she knew the girl could not
verbally respond to. She did so because she loved to watch the pathetic
feeble antics of a sexy young woman in dire distress. It somehow made her
all the more excited and all the more aroused to do so. And Heidi did not
let her down. The fear that was once in her beautiful brown eyes was
instantly replaced by a great eagerness. An eagerness that was also heard
in her desperately trying to say a simple three letter word, "OUT", and
failing miserably. The result of which, was quickly turning her eager
optimism into frustrated pessimism as her big eyes started to glaze over
with tears.

"Awwww, poor thing. I made it too hard for you to answer didn't I. Silly
me." Sheila shifted her touchy feely interest to stroking Heidi's bald
head with both her hands.

From the view point of a casual observer, it almost seemed like an honest
attempt on her part to sooth the girl's frustration and hurt feelings. But
in reality, Sheila knew that in petting Heidi's bare scalp it reminded the
girl of her now hairless, shiny, cue ball like dome. Talking about adding
insult to injury.

"How about it if I make it very simple for you. So simple that even a
child could understand." Now Sheila was insulting Heidi's intelligence.
Something that Heidi did not like at all as her wrinkled brow and harsh
stare atoned to.

"If you want me to remove the gag just say yes."

Again Heidi did her best, both verbally and in the shaking of her bald
head, to let her tormentor know she definitely wanted that damn gag out of
her mouth! But again, her efforts were being foiled by that same gag, and
the strap that was pressing down hard across her forehead. The one,
allowing her to moan in an immature manner of affirmation, and the other,
allowing only a marginal indication that looked more like a nervous twitch
than an act of positive compliance.

Sheila loved playing her little sadistic games with captive women like
this. And in that, she was very much like her mentor, Ms. Davenport. And
of the two girls, Heidi, or Musk as Sheila loved calling her, was her
favorite. A situation that Heidi would no doubt regret if she hadn't
already.

"All right my little Musk. It is getting late and you need to go to sleep.
For tomorrow is going to be a very taxing day, for all of us. So just
relax and let me remove that big old nasty gag from that sexy mouth of
yours."

Katie tried to watch what was happening to her girlfriend, but the strap
across her own forehead would not permit much movement. That, and having
her bed staggered from Heidi's in a downward direction resulted in her
only being able to see her friends lower torso. However, with a little
effort, she could see the movement in her friends right hand and foot.
Thus, as Sheila was removing Heidi's gag, the grunts and groans Katie
heard echoing from her friends mouth together with watching her hand
making a tight fist and her foot twitching up a storm, spoke volumes to
her friend's plight. Something that Katie could not bring herself to watch
for very long.

Then all of a sudden Katie heard a most satisfying "Awww" sound. When she
judiciously looked over again, she saw Heidi's hand and foot in a rather
relaxed position. She figured that the gag was finally out and her friend
was experiencing a state of satisfying grace. Something that she wished
would happen to her as well, and soon!

"Here you go Musk," Sheila said while lifting Heidi's head up off the
padded board. "Your probably very thirsty. So here is some nice fresh
water for you to quench your thirst. . . Good girl!"

All Katie could hear was some very strange sucking noises. She figured
that Sheila had given Heidi a straw to drink the liquid through. But for
some reason, the sound she heard coming from Heidi did not match what she
thought it should sound like in drinking from a straw.

Then again she heard that satisfying "Awe" sound that seem to linger a bit
longer this time. And again Katie felt the yearning to be in such a
contented condition of comfort as her friend.

"We have one last thing to do and it's off to dream land for you Musk."

Katie really didn't pay much attention to what Sheila was saying to her
friend now. For she was feeling much to sorry for herself in having to
wait the longest time for it to be her turn. To have that damn aching gag
in her mouth removed and to experience the cool wet taste of water in her
parched mouth.

"Huh, what, Hey! Eeeeeee!"

Katie instantly recognized that voice. It was Heidi's and she was trying
to say something. Or more like yelling something. Forming only partial
words as if she was trying to speak through clenched teeth.

Then Katie heard some thumbing noise, as if something heavy and awkward
was being moved about. Then a loud distinct clang of metal.

Katie didn't want to look. But being an intelligent young college woman,
it automatically gave her a heighten level of curiosity. And hers' was
getting the best of her. So she sheepishly turned her head again, as much
as her leather confinement would allow, and the first thing she saw was
her friend's powerful clenched fist.

Heidi's hand was so tightly closed that the veins on the back of it seemed
to be popping out. She could see how desperate Heidi was in trying to free
herself as she watched her fiend's wrist pull and twist fiercely at the
leather strap that held it close to her hip.

Then she took a quick look at Heidi's foot. It looked all contorted in
agony with her toes curled tightly around and her foot cocked to one side.
It seemed to be straining something terribly to free itself from it's own
tight leather imprisonment.

Katie quickly became overwhelmed in watching and listening to her dear
friend in painful torment. She had to turn away and close her eyes tight.
She even tried to escape her own bonds as her hands and feet mimic her
friend's in squirming furiously against the eternal hold the leather had
on them.

"All set now."

When Katie heard that familiar voice again, she immediately went still and
rigid in fear. She could only wonder in terror what evil abuse was about
to be done to her dear friend next. Then she heard the sound of Heidi's
voice. But it was a sound that echoed relief, not pain.

"There you Musk, all nice and comfy."

Again, Katie heard more audible sounds and words that made her believe
that things might actually be getting better not worst for her friend.

She eased her head to the side. She needed to know if it is was true. But
this time she decided to look at her friend's foot first.

It looked quite normal, almost in a state of total relaxation with only a
hint of movement that signified comfort. Then her eyes slowly moved upward
and seen her friend's hand. It too had that relaxed appearance with it's
palm open, down and still.

"Here, let me wipe your cheeks and eyes Musk."

More comforting words and sounds. 'Was it over?' Katie thought to herself.
Then she heard a light thump and something being slid into something else.
And then a few seconds later she heard that nice voice again.

"Nighty night Musk, see you in the morning"

Then Katie heard something that sent a hard cold chill down her spine. Her
friend began to say something. Something in a loud, determined and
possibly anxious voice that bordered on pure panic. And then it was
abruptly cut off. Hard as she could, Katie could not hear a single
solitary sound coming from her friend after that. All the varying degrees
of grunts, moans and groans that seemed to cover the spectrum in human
emotional had been instantly replaced with pure perfect silence. A silence
that was alarmingly punctuated by a loud metal clunk.

'My gosh, is she ok?' Katie though to herself. She was far more afraid to
look this time with the absence of her friend's verbal torment than any of
the prior times. But again she had to know. If not for the sake of her
friend, then for herself. For she knew that she was next on the list of
this evil woman.

She mustered all the bravery she could and quickly turned her head to the
side. All she wanted to know was if her friend was still alive. And all it
took was one fast look in one specific direction. Her wide staring eyes
went directly to Heidi's hand.

She was alive!

But her hand did not tell a good story. Katie even felt heart sick by what
she saw. At one moment her friend's hand was a solid defiant fist of
anger, jerking intensely at the relentless hold of the black leather
strap. Then the next moment, for some unknown reason, that pent up energy
slowly released itself. Her hand became loose, docile, and open. She
watched with increasing pity as her friend's fingers made meager sorrowful
attempts at clawing at the surface of the bed. And even that diminished
into meek passivity and finally into total stillness. It was as if her
friend had given up all hope and had settled into a remorseful state of
total helplessness.

Then Katie seen a shadow cross her peripheral field of vision. Her eyes
went big as saucers when she saw that face staring down on her.

"Your turn Jasmine."

Katie was in a total state of shock. She could not move. She did however
feel the woman working on her gag, And to be honest, she was glad to be
getting rid of it. But she was also frighten as to what end it was going
to lead to.

Katie's big eyes crossed as she followed the path of the metal end of a
long screwdriver deep into her widely stretched mouth. She made little
soft anxious moans when she felt the strange vibrations in her teeth
caused by the screwdriver as it searched for it's mate. Then there was the
slight downward pressure, a click and the handle being move in a
counterclockwise direction.

The first positive thing Katie felt was the decrease in pressure forcing
her mouth open by the gag. A sign that made her close her eyes and relax
her entire body in joy. But as more and more of the split pear like gag
came together, Katie felt something else, pain!

Her jaws were expanded so far and remained that way for so long that upon
being released from that constant painful torment, it hurt even more to be
free. Her eyes closed tightly, her hands formed tight fists and her feet
moved in a wild air dance from the pain she experienced from having that
gag slowly being removed.

It didn't take long though. And it was much easier for Sheila to take the
pear gag out than putting it in. But once it was out and Katie could work
her jaws again, she did give a grateful sigh of relief to be rid of it.

About a minute late, she felt the head strap being removed and then a warm
hand go under her neck and cup the base of her naked skull. She opened her
eyes and saw that things were moving about her line of sight.

Sheila was in the process of raising Katie's head a little ways up in
preparation of giving her something to drink.

"Here you go Jasmine, some water for you. Take as much as you like."

Something big and rubbery was pushed to her lips. Immediately Katie felt a
drop of cool water touch the inside of her mouth. Her tongue was still a
bit numb from having that gag pressed down on it for so long, but that
didn't stop her from sealing her lips around the rubber nub and sucking
it's contents right on down her throat. Nor did the fact that when she
opened her eyes and saw that she was being feed from a baby bottle and the
nub she was aggressively sucking on was an oversize rubber nipple, that
too did not stop her. She just kept on making those strange sucking sounds
as more and more of that refreshing water was rejuvenating her body.

It wasn't until her thirst was abated that the realization how humiliating
and void of dignity it was for a grown woman to be feeding from a baby
bottle. She then turned her head to the side causing the nipple to pop out
of her mouth and declined any more.

That's when Katie felt her head being carefully lowered back to the padded
board where it came to rest. She took a deep breath, or as much as those
leather straps would allow, and then released it with a sense of calm. Her
plight was far from being serene, it just felt a little better to have a
working mouth again and some fluid in her dehydrated body.

Then again she felt a hand under her neck and her head being raised. Then
another hand was placed behind her naked skull and her whole head raised
and pushed forward even more so. So much so, that she began to feel her
chin touching her chest and the muscles in the back of her neck begin to
strain.

Katie tried to say something, but she only got a few good clear words out
before her jaws were now forced together by her own chest.

"Just one more little thing I have to do and you too can go to sleep
Jasmine."

Katie tried to communicate, but talking with a numb tongue through
clenched teeth was only a little bit better than having that gag in her
mouth. Then she felt a spiking pain in her nose. She focus herself to look
through teary eyes down her nose and to see what was going on.

She saw the woman's hand fit the hook end of a bent-up piece of wire
around her nose ring. After that the other end of that same wire was
somehow hooked around the metal buckle of the strap that was holding her
chest down to the bed. It took less than a minute to do this and that's
when Katie felt the pressure forcing her head forward decrease. But as her
neck sought relief by moving her head backwards, her nose was set ablaze
with pain from that damn crooked wire. She was now forced to keep her own
head pushed forward into her chest else have her nose ring ripped right
out of her septum.

It was a very difficult task for Katie to keep her head like this. Her
neck muscles were not use to such an awkward straining position. Soon her
head was noticeably bobbing back and forth as she tried desperately to
keep the tension off her nose ring. Her entire body was now being affected
by such an endeavor. Her hands were clenched tight into fists, her feet
were strangely contorted and her body was straining something fierce to
escape her bonds. So focused was Katie in trying to maintain her head
position that she didn't even notice the thumbing and metal clanging that
was going on behind her.

Then all of a sudden she felt her head being pushed forward again.
Something that at first brought her discomfort, now brought her a noted
degree of relief. Again her eyes went tightly closed in pain when she felt
the occasional tugs on her nose from having that wire removed. But once
that was done, she sighed a level of joy as her head was slowly brought
back down and cradled gently upon the bed.

But something was different. The back of her head as it rested on the bed
felt more comfortable and slightly higher. And there was something else
that made it feel different then before. Something that one of her senses
was definitely picking up on. The sounds around her seemed a bit distant,
while at the same time those sounds she generated, sniffling, breathing
and the licking of her lips sounded all the more close. She opened her
eyes to see what it could be, but it was all a blur from the tears she
created.

"There you go Jasmine, all nice and comfy. Oh poor dear, here, let me wipe
those tears away for you."

Katie felt a soft cool damped cloth dabbing her tears away and then
wiping her face clean. Now she could see clearly, and it did not sooth her
concern one little bit.

All around her, no matter which way she turned her head, to the left, to
the right, even bending her head back to see behind her, all she could see
was black. The only part that wasn't black was if she looked straight up.
That's when she could see the ceiling above her. A ceiling that was much
more restricted in it's scope now than before. It was as if she were
looking down a tunnel.

Katie quickly lifted her head and looked down her body. Again, her view
was confined to a narrow rectangular slot that was framing her neck with
black on either side of it. She was becoming frighten. It seemed like she
was being engulfed by blackness. Then a shadow crossed her face and
something dark was being slide into that open slot. She felt it come to
rest over her throat were a curved liked foam substance sealed the missing
vertical piece into place. That's when she became aware of another curved
piece of expanding and contracting foam was under her neck as well.

It was complete now. That black outline that formed above her head. It had
four equal sides with exact right angle at each corner. It was a perfect
square or more like a square tunnel. A dead end tunnel where she was at
the wrong end of.

Then she seen that face come into view again. It seemed to fill up the
entire opening of that square tunnel now. The face was just looking at
her, smiling. It felt as if that happy face was feeding off of her own
fear and anxiety that was building up exponentially inside of her. The
silence was deafening for Katie. Someone had to say something. Her own
lips began to move, but no words were coming forth. Then that smiling face
said something.

"Nighty night Jasmine. See you in the morning."

Katie cringed when she heard those words. Those same words she heard
spoken to her friend Heidi just before everything went silent. Then the
familiar face was gone and something black was filling up her view. More
and more of her light was quickly being replaced with darkness. That's
when she found her voice. But like her friend, it was too late. Too late
for the outside world to hear her speak one last time. The word "NO" was
lopped off before the letter "O" could be form on her quivering lips.

She was in complete darkness now. Black as a starless night and totally
void of any light as in a city blackout. She could feel the tears forming
in her terror stricken eyes, but it made no difference. Black was black,
no matter if her vision was blurred or not. What she saw with her eyes
open, was exactly the same when they were closed, nothing but black.

But she could still hear. And she heard some distant, very faint, rumbling
off to her right. She thought back to Heidi again, when the same thing
happened to her and the sound back then was very different. It was more
sharper and distinct. It also sounded like a latch or lock being thrown.

Her mouth opened in fright as she discovered the meaning behind it all.
Her entire head was placed in a sound proof box. No sound, no noise,
nothing to catch the attention of the human ear could transverse it's
walls. Nothing was coming in, to tell her that she was not alone, to
comfort her in her time of need, to share with her captured friend. But
what was more frightening was that nothing was going out either. No one
would hear her cries for help. The sound of her terror stricken voice as
it pleaded and begged to be set free. No one will hear her again.

Then she got mad!

She summoned up all her energy and funnelled it in one tremendous burst of
power. All her muscles were flexing to the extreme. Her entire body going
rigid with pure force as she held her breath for the maximum effect. She
tried hard to break her bonds, very hard, just like Heidi did.

Then, upon failing, she took many panting breaths. As she slowly regained
her energy, the memory of her friend's failure entered into her mind. She
could not, would not, accept failure! So again she tried. Her face turning
a deep red in the blackness of her box.

The second attempt lasted only a fraction of the first. Deep down she knew
it was hopeless. She broke down in tears after that, in the black confines
of her imprisonment where only she could hear herself cry.

Slowly, her rational mind began to take back control. It told her that she
had no choice. She had to accept her helpless state, just like Heidi did.
However, it also told her not to accept the lack of hope. There was always
hope. And if "they" were right, in a few short days, and if she became the
obedient ponygirl that they wanted, then she would become the master of
her fate once more. A bit hairless and with a few extra holes in her, but
nothing that time could not heal.

Then Katie realized something else. They were actually taking good care of
her and her friend, considering. The antiseptic in her piercing to prevent
infection. Giving her water to keep her from becoming weak and dehydrated.
Even the air in her box was fresh and clean, which really surprised her.
Given all her screaming and straining to get notice and free herself, the
air in her little black box was still good. In fact, it had the subtle
scent of winter evergreens in it. Somehow the air was being circulated so
as not to become stale while at the same time maintaining the box's sound
proof integrity. How could she ever expect to fight and win against people
who would go to such lengths as this?

"AHH", Katie yelled unexpectedly when she felt a spike of pain in her
right nipple. "OWWW! Damn it! . . . AHHHHHH! Stop it, STOP IT!" Katie
continued to shout at the top of her lungs in a knee jerk reaction to
further pain arising from both nipples now. But on the other side of the
box not a single sound was heard.

Sheila was almost done. All she had to do was to make a final inspection
of both girl's piercing and that was it for the night. She quickly
finished up with Katie's hood piercing and then moved on to Heidi.

She stood for a minute looking down at the girl. She looked so cute with
her head in a box and the rest of her body clinched tightly down to the
padded board. She sighed to herself and thought 'if only I had more time.'

She so wanted to play with the girl in her helpless blind, deaf and dumb
state. But it was getting late and she knew tomorrow would be a very busy
day. So she reluctantly limited her interest to the piercings.

She giggled when she seen the girl's body jerk when she touch the first
barbell in her right nipple. Then she laughed with glee when the girl's
body twisted and turned in rage, held fast by the squeaking leather
restraints when her interest went to both pierced nipples "and" her full
voluptuous breasts. She marveled at how quickly the girl's body collapsed
into a state of total exhaustion when she forced herself to stop playing
with them. But those strapped squeezed breasts still held an incredible
fascination for Sheila as she eyed them most seductively with each short,
rapid, silent breath the girl took.

All that remained now was to inspect the hood piercing. And in this,
Sheila gave herself a little "extra" time to do a very thorough job.

This time she did not go straight to the barbell. A lone finger with a
very well manicured red nail started just above the piercing where the
patch of pubic hair use to be. She started making light little circles
with the very tip of her nail. Around and around it went, slowly, gently,
teasingly. Then the circle became a leisurely increasing spiral that was
traced out with the fleshy part of her finger. Soon it would be coming in
contact with the barbell. But instead of making contact with it, she went
off on a tangent, right on down one side of the girl's labia lip. And when
she reached the very bottom, she made a "U" turn and went all the way back
up the other side.

Sheila did this several times, outlining the labia lips, before actually
running her finger up and down the slit itself. And then, on a few
occasions, a little ways down between them. Inside the girl's pussy. Quite
close to were her third knuckle was.

Once and awhile, she would catch a look at the girl's body. To get a clue
as to what her sensuous message might be doing to her sweet captive prey.
And in each case, she found herself giggling like a school girl. Sheila
read the girl's strong desire to get free as a definite sign that she was
"not" a lesbian. Something that didn't bother her in the least as she just
kept on playing with the girl's pussy as if she was.

She took a moment to remove her two fingers from the depths of the girl's
wet pussy. She brought them close to her nose. "Mmmmmmmmm" was all she
moaned. She then shook her head in confirmation of the thought that she
indeed name the girl well. Musk fit her perfectly.

A casual glance at the wall clock told her that play time was over. And
like a little child who was being called in by her parents much too early,
Sheila regrettably stopped. She did a quick inspection of the barbell one
last time, not bothering to enjoy the girl's contorting body this time.
But she did take the time to place a soft little kiss on the lid of the
box before heading off to the far wall.

There was a thermostat mounted on that wall, and one that Sheila made a
small adjustment in. She didn't want either of her future ponygirls to
risk catching cold over night. So a little upwards tweaking would keep
both girl's nice and warm for the night.

Sheila took one last look before leaving. She loved the way both girl's
looked, all snug in their beds. Soon they will be fast asleep and she
couldn't help but wonder what their dreams might be. Then she found
herself yawning and knew it was time for her to get to bed as well. But
she knew what her dreams would be like, or hoped they would be. Now she
couldn't wait to get to bed.

She turned off the lights and closed the door softly. It really didn't
matter, the lights and being quiet about it. She just did it as an after
thought of emotional concern for her two toys. She then locked the door
with her special key and headed down the hallway.

It was very late now, so Sheila decided to use one of the guests rooms
there at the underground complex. It would save her a lot of time staying
there for the night instead of going all the way back to her apartment at
the other end of the city.

A short time later Sheila was in bed waiting to fall asleep. Her mind was
racing as to what tomorrow might bring. She began to wonder if she might
never get to sleep, being so keyed up the way she was.

And in the same building high above ground, Judith's mind was also racing
as she laid in a nice warm bed waiting to fall asleep. But her thoughts
were of the major events of the day. The snow ball fight, her time with
her shower fixture, the short visit with her aunt, the collage of people
and events in her underground complex, having fate place those two girls
right into the palm of her hand, the disco ornament, Sabrina and finally
the disappointing and yet learning experience with Sir Winfred. It was all
racing around in her mind like a whirlwind. But her body had had enough.
It needed rest, uninterrupted and for as long as possible. So it relaxed
itself into the gentle support of a soft mattress. Then wrapped itself
into the big over-stuffed down comforter until it was all nice and warm
just like bug in a rug. A few deep breaths and Judith was off to
dreamland.

Soon it will be morning, and another busy day will be under foot for all.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 7 coming soon.

The training begins!

Stay tune!




This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.




                           "'Tis the Season"


                  The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia"


                               by Musker



                               (part 7)

               "It's the most enjoyable time of year."


It was a brand new day. The sun was shining on another layer of freshly
fallen snow. The birds were chirping in thanks for the human kindness of
being feed in the barren cold of winter. And it was the last full day
before Madame Rouso's Xmas party. Which meant, it was going to be busy,
busy, busy!

Judith had a jump on the day as she sat in her office writing down the
itinerary for the day. A day that needed her savvy eye in both above and
below ground worlds. And as such, she was wearing another fashionable
pants outfit with gorgeous accessories to match. All in the rich shiny
color of silver.

It was still too early for the boutique to be open, but her assistant
Jenny had just finished her list of "things to do". She was now taking the
time to give it one final look. It covered every aspect in the running of
the boutique. Specific tasks for the staff to perform. Making sure orders
were being filled and shipped out on time. And making little reminder
notes of strategy in dealing with a series of elitist customers that had
appoints throughout the day. Jenny was a most capable manager and one who
didn't want to let her boss, Ms. Davenport, down. Especially when she was
to be promoted to the top position of control in running the boutique.
Something that made her smile like the dickens each time the thought came
into her mind.

Sheila too was a most capable assistant of Judith's, below ground. She was
already past the planning stage and well into implementing the first item
on her list. And that one was the cleaning of the two ponygirls.

Given the large number of work units in the underground complex, it was
imperative that personal cleanliness and food intake be as efficient as
possible. It also had to be accomplished without any loss in quality
either. The last thing the complex needed was a rampant flue bug or some
bad ingest food to lay up a significant number of work units. Thus a
system was developed that was based on the concept of the industrial
assembly line.

The cleaning process was patterned off of the simple car wash. And it was
totally automated. At the beginning, a work unit was attached to a hanging
bar by her wrists. The bar was in turned attached to an over head track
system that moved the girl along at a steady pace. After the first girl
was prepared, another work unit was attached in the same manner a few fett
behind her, and so on and so on. The girls were then forced to walk
forward through a series of stages.

The first one was the soaping stage. The girl was lead between two large
pipes sticking out from the floor. A series of nozzles were evenly spaced
through out it's long length. As soon as the work unit was within a short
distance of the two pipes, a yellow light came on. The yellow light
notified the work unit to immediately close her eyes and mouth, and to
hold her breath at the same time. A few seconds after the light came on,
the girl was sprayed with a series of soap jets. Some of jets were
responsible for covering the front of the girl and others for the side and
back. In a matter of seconds, the girl was completely covered in a frothy
white foam looking much like a snowman with it's arms raised as if in a
stick up.

The soap was a special chemical blend. It had a mild cleansing solution to
get the skin squeaky clean. A moisturizer to keep the skin from drying
out. And an antibacterial component to control the spread of unwanted
germs. Altogether, it kept the work unit's skin in a healthy state of
feminine softness.

Moments after the soap was sprayed on, it slowly started to drip off. It
was the nature of the substance to do so for it allowed the work unit to
begin breathing again. There was however, still enough of it on the girl
for stage two in the process.

Just like in a car wash, a series of spinning brushes came into play.
These brushes were created with two thoughts in mind, incredible softness
and thorough cleaning action. One interesting by product of using such
brushes was that this stage was the best liked by all the work units.

The first spinning brush came from above. It was a wide horizontal brush
and it moved down and then back up the full frontal length of the work
unit. Once the girl moved foreword a certain distance, this same brush was
again used to go down and up the girl's back.

Next, two more brushes came into play. Both were long vertical ones that
were projected out from opposite sides. One cleaned the front of the work
unit while at the same time the other cleaned her back.

The final brush was every work unit's favorite. It was a simple narrow
brush that was responsible for cleaning between the girl's legs. It came
in from the side at waist height and slowly moved in and out between the
work unit's spread legs following the crescent curve of the girls crotch
in the process. It did an excellent job in cleaning the girl's pussy lips
as well as the dual creases formed from her legs and torso. It even did a
splendid job of getting deep into the crack of the girl's butt cheeks too.

Once it completed it's first pass, the brush stopped it's rotation,
reversed it's spinning direction and then did another pass. This was such
a well like part of a work unit's daily cleaning that several motors in
the running of the automated wash had to be increased to a higher horse
power and geared down for a much more powerful torque. Many a work unit
would try and stay back at several points for as long as possible, thus
causing power breaks to heat up and trip off.

The last stage of the wash was a simple thorough rinse. The water had some
skin conditioners added as well as a nice fragrance that changed from day
to day. The warm scented rinse had an overall soothing effect that
complemented the erotic effect of that last brush quite nicely. But to
keep the work unit on her toes, she was abruptly brought back to reality
in the form of a startling wake up call as a short cool spurt of water
flashed over them. Immediately after that, warm air in the form of a
massive blower was used to dry the girl off.

Sheila knew that her two new ponygirls would not take well to the
automated body wash. So she made some adjustments to alleviate any
physical mishaps that might occur as a result of their fear.

First, she put some medicated drops in each of the girls eyes while their
heads were still in the box. It was the same kind of drops veterinarians
used on dogs when giving them a bath so as to keep the soap from stinging
their eyes. Next, while their vision was temporarily blurred, she took the
opportunity to insert an air bladder gag into their mouths. It was to
prevent them from ingesting any of that same soap as well as keeping their
outbursts down to a minimum while in transit.

All the work units had been processed much earlier that day, so Sheila and
her two smelly ponygirls were the only ones there. In the process of
hooking the girls up Sheila did two more things. She added a spreader bar
just above their ankles to make it difficult for them if they decided to
lash out or kick with their feet. It also prevented them from closing
their legs when that last spinning brush came into play. And the other
thing was to raise the bar holding their wrists up until the heels of
their feet were barely touching the floor. This way it would be much
easier to pull the girls along if need be. The wrist cuffs were originally
designed so no damage would be done to the skin or tissue structure of any
work unit's wrist if they needed to be dragged on through. So that was not
a worry for Sheila with regards to Katie and Heidi.

Once she had the girls all ready to go, with Heidi taking the first
position, she gave them two pieces of advice. "Close your eyes when you
see the yellow light, and enjoy." After that, Sheila threw the switch. She
then went off to the side where she could watch the entire process through
a long glass window.

At first, there was the initial holding back attempt. The stretching of
their limbs and body backwards as much as humanly possible. Trying to get
a firm grip on the floor with their bare feet or clawing toes. And through
it all, making those increasing terror stricken moans and grunts that
filled the air with their failure.

It really tickled Sheila as she watch the girls veined attempts in trying
to prevent the inedible. She especially like watching Heidi's heighten,
almost panic-like struggle when she seen that yellow light go on. That's
when her deaden moans became muffled shouts as her feet kept on slipping
and sliding on the wet soapy floor.

Sheila was giggling uncontrollably when Heidi finally got zapped with the
soap. It was all so exhilarating for someone who loved seeing a woman in a
state of terrorizing distress. One moment, their she was, muscles
straining, veins popping, a well defined feminine body in taught
resistance trying her best to keep from being dragged in between those two
massive industrial pipes. Then the next moment, a motionless white statue,
a fluffy silhouette with only a vague resemblance to that of a human
female.

It was right after the girls were covered in white foamy froth that their
resistance seemed to fall by the way side. And from their perspective,
being blind, dumb and unable to stop what was happening to them, there
wasn't much else they could do. They did however have the where with all
to shake their hairless heads like dogs to rid themselves of as much of
that dripping soap as was possible. And in that, they did have some
measure of success.

Sheila was squirming in anticipation as to what Heidi was going to do when
that first spinning brush went down on her. And she was not disappointed
in the least.

Heidi began shrieking through her gag. The short almost hysterical
outbursts matched precisely the spasms in her body as she tried
desperately to escape the latest automated attack. The countless rotating
whip like strings caught her completely off guard. The surprised initial
contact felt like a thousand little whips flaying away on her soft skin.

Then all of sudden, Heidi went limp. Something that immediately changed
the expression on Sheila's face.

'Is she all right? Did she pass out?' A multitude of questions were
forming in Sheila's mind as she started to make her way to the emergency
switch. It wasn't until she seen Heidi make a few little coughs and then
move her feet forward that she knew she was ok.

She surmised that Heidi's alarming change in behavior was in response to a
corresponding change in her awareness. After the initial shock, she no
doubt found how good the spinning brush actually was. And being tormented
for so long with no success at trying to abate her misery, she simply
reacted in the only way she could when something good finally did come
along.

Sheila walked back to her original position and waited anxiously to see
what Katie's reaction would be to the gauntlet before her. But it was a
bit of a let down for Sheila. The resistance was there, but the extreme
intensity that she seen in her friend was not. She reasoned that since
Katie could see ahead of time what was going to happen to her by watching
her friend, she was somewhat prepared when it came to be her turn.

Right about then, Heidi was finishing up with the two vertical brushes.
Again her reaction was more of compliance then of rebellion. At this point
enough of the soap was removed so she could see fairly well what was
coming next. There was a note of concern in her body language when that
narrow rotating brush come jutting out in front of her at waist high. And
when it slowly inched it's way forward, not bothering to move higher or
lower, she did let out a little fearful moan while trying to back away
from it. She was so stretched out backwards that she ended up on the very
tips of her toes when she felt that first contact on her naked pubes.
Immediately, a faint mouse like squeak was heard as her eyes closed
tightly shut. Then her whole body seemed to slowly relax into the oncoming
twirling brush.

Shortly after that, Heidi was actually hanging from her arms with her bald
head drooping backwards. She was making an effort to force as much of that
oversized whirling sex toy deep into her crotch.

Sheila looked on in surprised when she seen Heidi grind her pussy back and
forth into the spinning soft brush as it continued it's slow path forward.
And she could have sworn that she heard a faint little giggle when the
brush made it's way up the crack of Heidi's ass.

Sheila shook her head from side to side while whispering, "What a little
slut you are Musk." Then she smiled again as she continued to watch Heidi
have the time of her life with that one spinning brush.

At that point a work unit came up to her side. She was wearing a modified
French maids uniform to reflect that happy time of year. It was made of
tight red latex with copious amounts of white artificial fur trimming it
out. Her hat was the basic Santa Claus red stocking with more white trim
and even a white fluffy tassel at its point. Other than that, the work
unit wore the standard penis gag, arm binder, belt supporting serving tray
and black leather collar to hold the tray up with. And on the tray was a
note with Sheila's name on it.

Sheila took the folded piece of paper from the tray. The message told her
that Sir Winfred was to be in the training room at 10 AM. It was signed by
Ms. Davenport. She looked at her watch and saw that she had a little over
two hours to go before ten. Just enough time to get the girls ready for
Sir Winfred. She told the work unit that there will be no reply. The Xmas
work unit then did a little curtsey and left.

Sheila quickly went back to watching the girls and found that it was now
Katie who was having a pleasurable time with the final brush. Heidi was
both physically and figuratively bathing in the serene fragrant warmth of
the automated rinse. Sheila sprouted one of her all knowing evil smiles at
the thought of what her desirable Musk was about to go through in only a
few short seconds.

Again, Sheila heard that muffled scream that sent an arousing chill down
her spine. The serene complacent Heidi experienced a brief period of
shocking waking cold when a small quantity of freezing water was sprayed
on her warm naked body.

Sheila didn't bother to stay for the blow cycle or to see what Katie's
reaction would be to the same spurt of cold rinse. She had to get moving
to make it in time for Sir Winfred's arrival.

So when Heidi exited the automated wash all squeaky clean and smelling
exceptionally nice, she was met by a waiting smiling Sheila. There was a
table bedside her with a pile of black stuff on it. A sight that did very
little to raise Heidi's spirits. But what really brought her mood crashing
down was what Sheila had waiting for her in her latex gloved hand. It was
a very strange looking black nozzle-like device. It had a good length of
clear tubing coming from it, which terminated at the base of a large
plastic bag. A bag that seemed to have an awful lot of liquid in it. Then
Heidi realized that her cleaning experience was not limited to just the
outside.

It didn't take long before Sheila had both girls cleaned out, rigger out
and looking spiffy keen in their new, very brief, outfit. Now it was
feeding time, so off to the feeding station they went.

Once more, because of the latest of the day, they were the only ones
there. It was another one of those efficient processes geared for the
masses. The food was scientifically designed for quick consumption with
maximum absorption into the body, which meant little waste going in and
coming out. Their nourishment was in the form of a grey slurry and it was
dispensed from a single pipe that ran along the length of the wall near
the ceiling. At certain equally spaced intervals tap off points occurred
with another smaller pipe coming down from it. At the end of this pipe was
a control box that regulated the amount of yummy slurry was dispensed.

All a work unit had to do was to kneel down at one of those tap off
stations and suck the allotted quantity dialed in for her from a nozzle.
For sanitary reasons, the nozzle was disposable after each use. It also
came in many different sizes and shapes, but overall it had the uncanny
resemblance to that of a male's phallus.

Of course both Heidi and Katie balked at putting anything that looked so
utterly gross and disgusting into their mouths, even though it meant their
hunger pains would be eliminated. But there was a little device made just
for reluctant girls like them who did not want to eat their porridge.

A simple tethered clip was created to help these stubborn types to eat.
The clip was designed to hook onto a preexisting pierced nose ring or make
a temporary compression connection to a girl's septum. Once the hook was
set, there was a button to push that would begin pulling in the attached
existing chain. As the girl's head came closer and closer to the tip of
the dildoe-like nozzle, all one had to do was to pinch in the girls cheeks
to force open her mouth and then slowly guide it around the cock shaped
slurry dispenser. Once it was deep into the girl's mouth, almost to the
point of gagging, the control box was set to begin dispencing the slurry
down their throats. The girls were thus forced to swallow every last drop
of it. Just like Katie and Heidi were doing with great distaste.

There was one consolation to this method of feeding that Katie and Heidi
were not aware of. It kept them from tasting the emulsified grey stuff.
For in actuality, it really did taste as bad as it looked. But again, it
was created just for that reason. No work unit wanted that nasty taste to
linger in their mouth for any duration of the day. So it benefited them to
deep throat as much of the nozzle as was humanly possible and to suck
aggressively and swallow as much of the designated quantity that they
could, just to get it over with. Of course this meant that feeding time
could also be used as a method of punishment. Providing a very short
nozzle meant the girl would have no choice but to experience the amazing
flavor that caused them to make the most silliest of faces when their
taste buds came in contact with that yucky grey stuff.

Given the powerhouse of nutrition packed into the grey slurry, it took
only a few minutes for the girls to ingest their scheduled portion for
that morning. A quick flick of a latch and their hitched up nose rings
were once more free. But their freedom was fleeting. As soon as their
mouths were off that damn pseudo cock, Sheila was right there on the spot
with a thick rubber bit gag to take it's place.

The bit was the first item that actually had some ponygirl connotation to
it. But even in that it was very limited. A simple rubber rod held in
place by a single leather strap that buckled behind the girl's head.
Sheila didn't understand why Sir Winfred wanted something so simple. If
she had it her way, each girl would be strapped up with an extensive
bridle harness with blinders on each side and an attached bit that had a
tongue depressor in it to control them via a set of reins.

But, if this is what Sir Winfred wanted . . . Sheila took another look at
her watch. She had 15 minutes left, which was more than enough time to get
her ponygirls to the training room on time. But then she thought, it would
make a very good impression if she was there ahead of time waiting for Sir
Winfred than the other way around.

So she reattached the leashes to their nose rings and off they went. The
girls nose rings were much better now and could tolerate a little more
aggressive attention today. Thus Sheila lead the way in earnest while two
bound, bitted and moaning ponygirls did their best to keep pace so their
leashes would not go taught.

When Sheila entered the training room she was surprised to see Sir Winfred
already there. He was sitting down at a table with Ms. Davenport and both
where in the middle of having tea. Sheila quickly looked at her watch to
make sure the time was right.

"Don't worry Sheila," Judith said in a pleasant voice. "You are not late.
Sir Winfred came in a bit early today and we decided to have a spot of tea
why we waited."

Sir Winfred almost lost a mouth full of tea hearing Judith imitate a
stately English women in both voice and words.

"Well done my dear Ms. Davenport," Sir Winfred announced with staunch
British pride. "I knew somewhere deep down inside of you rest the remnants
of a most righteous prim and proper English woman just waiting to come out
in full regalia."

Now it was Judith's turn to be happily surprised by what her honored guest
said.

Sheila stood a little more at ease now knowing that she was not late after
all. But she was still a tad anxious though. She only expect Sir Winfred
and not both of them to be there. And she certainly didn't expect them to
be doing so in such a quaint relaxing manner. Sheila was thus at a lost as
to what to do next. So she nervously ushered the girls in and closed the
door behind them. She then lead them over to the corner to where her two
mentors were having their mid morning get together.

"Ah yes," Sir Windfred bellowed out, "the two ponygirls and their
instructress. My word Sheila, you are looking quite dapper this morning in
your training attire."

Even Judith herself gave a raised eyebrow and quiet nod of her head in
confirmation of Sir Winfred's gracious comment. Sheila was wearing a
casual, but quite flattering, English ridding outfit. She had on the
proverbial tight tan ridding pants with the darker outer side panels on
the legs. Her pants really accented her belted in small waist and round
feminine derriere very nicely. On her feet she had on the standard black
knee high ridding boots with the flat heel, and they were all shined up to
a spotless gloss. Her blouse was a simple white long sleeve nit pull over
sweater. And it hugged her in all the right places while still giving her
that relaxed casual look. Even her long blonde hair was pulled back into a
clean, every hair in it's place, straight ponytail.

Once more Sheila was caught off guard, as she blushed in a lovely innocent
shade of red. But she quickly regained her composure in order to verbally
thank Sir Winfred. She also thanked Judith as well with a nod of her head.
Then she took a deep breath and thrust out her chest with pride as she
brought the two girls closer to the table.

"I hope Musk and Jasmine meet with your approval Sir Winfred. They have
both been cleaned, feed and are now awaiting their first lesson as
ponygirls. Would you care to inspect them Sir Winfred?" Sheila pulled the
girls up closer, which brought on a short choir of moans, and then turned
the girl's leashes over to Sir Winfred.

Sir Winfred got up from his chair and waved his hand as in declining the
offer of the leashes.

Sir Winfred was also dressed casually, but sharply, for the day's
adventure. He looked the common English gentleman on a morning walk out in
the country. He wore a pair of very dark brown corduroy pants to keep him
warm and dry from the British cold and dew. A lighter brown long sleeve
turtle neck shirt that seem to float about his impressive girth. And his
shoes were a simple pair of black leather loafers, not as shiny as
Sheila's though, but still rather nice. His tweed jacket, hat and umbrella
hung on another human coat rack, which was off to another far corner of
the room.

He approached the girl on the far side of Sheila first. "Let me see." His
voice paused for a moment as though he was trying to think of something.
"This is Jasmine! Am I right Sheila?"

Sheila smiled as she shook her head with eagerness and replied at the same
time, "Yes Sir Winfred, and this is Musk." She pulled on the leash a
little causing Heidi to take one step forward. Something that Heidi
definitely did not like as she groaned and offer a slight resistance to.

"Ah yes, the one with the unusual aroma I believe." The three of them
smiled and chuckled to one another while the two display ponygirls just
wrinkle their brows with annoyance.

Sir Winfred then reached out to Katie and pulled her close to him by a
ring in her belt. He started to eye her up and down as he moved her about
in front of him like he was examining some interesting object from all
angels.

Katie knew it would be fruitless to resist with any concerted effort. But
she did let the old man know that what he was doing to her did not sit
well with her. She thus continued to squirm, groan and both physically and
audibly contest his manhandling her in a way that was not in the least
referenced to physical pain.

"Yes she does seem to be in excellent shape. The arm binder has been
applied very well. Not too tight for a first timer and not too loose to
keep from squaring off the shoulders or thrusting out her chest. The belt
is the right size for the waist with still plenty of adjustment left as
the day wears on. I do very much like those granny boots Sheila, but why
did you put on those frilly white socks before hand?"

Sheila was ready for that one, and the one that was coming right after it.

"I decided to have the ponygirls wear ankle socks because they will be on
their feet for quite a long time today. And given that their shoes are new
and they're probably not use to wearing high heels for that long of a
time, I didn't want to risk them getting blisters on their feet. If that
should happen then it might interfere with their performance tomorrow
night."

Sir Winfred made a noticeable surprised reaction with his eyes to what
Sheila said. He even turned his head slightly off to the side where Judith
was sitting and gave her one of those looks that showed he was pleased
with what he heard. Judith, in kind, gave him that all knowing smile and
nod of her head in acknowledgment.

"And I suppose that is the same reason you added that open faced spandex
hood to their heads as well young lady."

"Yes Sir Winfred. I figure the skin on their heads was still sensitive
after having all their hair removed. And even though I don't know what you
have planned for them with regards to a bridle later on, I figure that
some protection would be better than nothing. It could easily be removed
if you wanted. This way very little precious time is wasted."

"A very good idea my dear." Sir Winfred said in a kind of off the cup
manner as he went to check on the girl's piercings.

Sheila was all smiles and bright eyes. Even though Sir Winfred was not
overly jubilant with her initiatives, she knew that a simple kind remark
coming from such an outstanding man in the field meant loads.

Sir Winfred was not very gentle in checking out Katie's piercings. And
even though they were remarkably better today, they still had a good
degree of sensitivity to them. Thus Katie gave some noted responses of
angered discomfort when the old man began playing with them. The bit gag
was not like the split pear gag that muffling her cries of pain like
before. Nor did it give much hindrance when Katie objected zealously to
Sir Winfred's dirty old man proclivities when he began checking the rest
of her naked helpless virtues either. Her breasts, her butt and virtually
every part of her body was touched, rubbed, fondled and squeezed by his
pudgy callous hands. To which all Katie could do was to twist and shout
and try to fend off his probing hands the best she could, being bound and
gag the way she was.

Once Sir Winfred satisfied his professional curiosity, as well as his
manly interest, to such a fine female specimen, he then maneuvered Katie
out of the way and started on Heidi.

Heidi was much more disorderly than Katie. She had a bit more fire in her
soul than her friend did. And she certainly didn't like being manhandle
either. As such, it was necessary for Sir Winfred to keep Heidi
under control for his inspection by maintaining a certain degree of
tautness on one of her four body piercings at all times. It even required
him to grasp part of the leather nose ring leash that Sheila was holding
to get Heidi to bend over for him to inspect her derriere.

"Did you have much problem fitting the girls with their butt plugs
Sheila," Sir Winfred asked of the ever vigilant Sheila.

"No Sir. But I believe the reason for it was due to the colonic I gave
them before hand. Their anal pores were already lubricated for that
slightly smaller nozzle. So all I had to do was to switch the plug for the
nozzle before the girls knew what was happening and presto. Of course the
plug was a bit bigger, and the girls did need a little time to get use to
having something that large constantly up their butt holes like that."

Sir Winfred began toying with the exposed end to see what kind of fit
there was. To his surprise it was very good. Perfect as an anchor for when
the horse tail would be added later.

Again, Heidi was very boisterous and twitching something terribly with the
added attention to her well packed behind. She was never into anything
anal. She believed a rectum was a one way avenue and only for the
expulsion of bodily waste. Having been forced to go through an enema and
then being plugged by something that made her feel like she was sitting on
a fence post was the worst experience she had ever had. And she definitely
made it known to that fat old man.

"I believe they still "DO" need some time to get use to being butt plugged
like this Sheila." Sir Winfred was smiling when he said that to let Sheila
know it was a joke and not a comment on her response to him before hand.

"Well Sheila, both girls look to be in great shape and very well prepared.
I believe you can start with their training anytime you wish."

"Thank, you . . ." Sheila's words of thanks quickly trailed off into
lingering confused silence.

"Ummmm . . . excuse me . . . Sir Winfred? You said you wanted me to begin
their training? But, pardon me Sir, but, you haven't taught me how yet."

Sir Winfred raised his eyes in surprise. A surprised look that told Sheila
it was an honest over sight on his part. But when he began to talk again,
it wasn't the kind of surprise that she thought it was. In fact, his
response made her feel a bit inadequate.

"Hmmm, interesting. I thought you might have some idea about that. But no
matter. Why don't you hitch the girls up and come over to our table. We
can have a cup of tea while we discuss it."

Sir Winfred headed back to his chair while Sheila quickly reined in the
two girls close to a bar that was projecting out from a nearby wall. She
then left them that way, bent over and moaning something awful. They were
lamenting partly out of physical distress, but mostly out of extreme
embarrassment. Being treated like animals was definitely a new and very
humiliating act for both Katie and Heidi. Especially in stark contrast to
three fellow human beings, wearing clothes and who were in the mitts of a
civilized discussion over tea.

Sir Winfred winked at Judith before sitting down. He wanted to let her
know that he was planing something and not to be too surprised by what he
had to say.

Judith did a simple nod of her head just before taking another sip of her
tea.

"Now then Sheila," Sir Winfred said in his calm teaching voice as he
poured his assistant a cup of tea while she sat down between himself and
Judith.

"Training a woman to become a ponygirl takes a great deal of time and
effort. Even when the subject in question desires to be one. And given our
dire circumstance, we have neither the time nor the full willing nature of
those two over there to make such a task seem even remotely possible. But,
there is a way. And, it just so happens that it is the same way that is
used no matter how much time is available or how enthusiastic the
participants are. It is also the simplest way possible. It is the standard
carrot and stick approach."

At this time Sir Winfred took a sip of his tea and almost as if by magic,
both Judith and Sheila did so as well.

"The carrot and stick methodology, or reward and punishment if you wish,
have both their advantages and disadvantages. The stick approach will
always produce the quickest desired response in any subject. Irregardless
as to how rebellious or stubborn the subject is. Pain is a most persuasive
instrument of control. But in so doing, it has the least lasting and least
desirable side effect to it's use. Those being if the instrument of pain
or the person causing it is removed, the behavior quickly dissipates. And
the unwelcomed side effect that quickly arises is a very disturbing,
general cowering nature in the subject. Like a dog who is savagely beaten
into submission and thus cringes when one just wishes to pet it."

Once more the party of three, lead by Sir Winfred, took libation from
their fragile china cups. To which, only Sir Winfred echoed a satisfying
sound of delight.

"The carrot technique on the other hand, takes the longest to instill in
the subject, especially when that subject is less than willing. But once
it has been established, it has the longest lasting effect on them. An
effect that will also continue to exist long after the trainer has been
removed from the situation. And, the carrot technique produces a very
interesting and most desirable addendum. There is an aura about the
trained subject that seems to permeate every aspect of their being. One
can see it in the way they move, their body language, their personality,
even in the simplest act of standing. It is an aura that exudes a sense of
achievement, self-importance, pride if I may be so bold. Pride in being a
submissive, a controlled object of anothers desire. And THAT, is what
separates a ponygirl as a thing of beauty, grace and awe from just a well
trained animal. It also reflects greatly on the one who is training them
as well."

Sir Winfred was about to take another sip when he stopped midway and added
another point with a sense of passion.

"Any good trainer who is worth their salt will always use both techniques.
But the ones that stand out, that produce exceptional, repeated and long
lasting results, and that have made a name for themselves in the genre are
the ones who favor the carrot over the stick most ardently."

Then Sir Winfred continued to move his cup up to his lips when he noticed
that his tea was all gone. Judith seeing his reaction to an empty cup went
to his rescue by picking up the stylish tea pot and then motioned to him
if he cared for a refill.

Sir Winfred smiled and instantly responded with a grateful and gentlemanly
"Yes please Ms. Davenport."

Sheila sat passively in her chair. She appeared to be staring at Sir
Winfred's tea cup while Judith was filling it. It wasn't until Judith had
to verbally ask Sheila a second time if she wanted a warm up that she
noticed that Sheila was really in a trace-like state.

She was pondering Sir Winfred's words. She knew about the system of
punishment and reward in making a person do what she wanted them to.
Especially from the pain perspective in controlling work units. But what
she didn't know was the lasting and side effects of each. It wasn't until
she began reviewing the many past events in her own life that the dogma of
Sir Winfred really began to make sense. Even in her relationship with her
teacher Ms. Davenport.

Ms. Davenport had always been nice to her, complimenting her on her
successes and letting her take part in many different situations of
domination, applications and management of work units. It was a vast
learning experience for her and a relationship she held with high regards.
And Ms. Davenport was a person she would do virtually anything for as a
result of. Then she realized that it was in fact just a variation of the
carrot approach. But there was nothing sinister about it. It was simply a
pleasant way to learn something, be part of something and take pride in
what she did. How strange, and yet, how beautiful at the same time.

"So there you have it my dear. Everything you need to know to train those
two into becoming the exceptional ponygirls that Madame Rouso is in need
of. And as soon as I have finished my tea here, I will go see how their
outfits are coming along while you begin their training." Sir Winfred
lifted his delicate china cup and took a good hearty drink from it,
draining it in one hurried gulp.

Judith stopped abruptly in the middle of her sip when she heard what Sir
Winfred just said. Her big shocked eyes stared directly at him. She was
about to say something in opposition, but she remembered the wink he gave
her. So she did not say or do anything except to resume drinking her tea
as if nothing had happened. It was a very interesting game he was playing,
and one that had unsettling consequences for her as well if his trust in
Sheila should fail.

Sheila did not fend so well when she heard the good news. She was right in
the middle of drinking her tea at the time and the shocked cause the
liquid to go down the wrong pipe. It was almost a complete disaster. But
Sheila had enough self control to take hold of her napkin quickly before
spraying tea all across the table.

Both Sir Winfred and Judith tried to attend to the obvious distressed,
coughing and gagging girl. They knew it wasn't serious. They also knew it
was a result of what he had said too. But they just played it nonchalant
with Sir Winfred making a comment that Sheila was probably a coffee
drinker and did not care much for the taste of English tea.

While Sheila was regaining her composure, Sir Winfred stood up on his feet
and asked Judith if she would be so kind as to show him the way to where
the ponygirl outfits were being made.

Judith in turn put her tea cup down and motioned with a nod of her head
that she would be more than willing to do so.

Sheila, still coughing a bit, took a rising stance too. But not out of
respect for Sir Winfred or Ms. Davenport. She wanted to talk with Sir
Winfred.

She had to tell him that she needed more information, detail information.
She needed to be taught, instructed and shown how to "actually" train the
girls into becoming ponies. His academic philosophy was all right and
good. It even inspired her to be open to something new. She seen herself
as an empty vessel ready and willing to be filled by the wealth of
information and personal contact that only a great and experienced teacher
like Sir Winfred could give her. She wasn't even remotely ready to be left
alone, on her own, and to train those two totally raw girls into becoming
first rate ponygirls in the limited time allotted her. And, for such an
important engagement as Madame Rouso's Xmas party. This is what she wanted
to convey to Sir Winfred. This is what she tried to say to him. But her
cough kept getting in the way.

It wasn't until Ms. Davenport and Sir Winfred were just about to leave via
the open door that Sheila found her voice and almost shouted to them to
wait.

"Please! Sir Winfred, I, I, I don't know what to do! Training ponygirls, I
mean, how shall I start? There is galloping, trotting, prancing, walking,
even their stance, how should they stand? Please, Sir Winfred, I need more
instructions."

The man and woman couple looked at Sheila without emotion. The silence
lasted for a few very tense seconds for Sheila, then Sir Winfred began to
talk.

"You are most certainly correct young lady. A very important issue you
have brought up. And one I might add, that fate has smiled down on us
with. Since the ponygirls will be limited to drawing only a sleigh, we
need not worry about all those other parameters that go into producing a
top notch show pony. All we need do is to concentrate on a simple stance
and prancing. The rest can fall by the way side. So why don't you get
started on either of those two and I will be back in a few hours to see
how you are progressing."

And with that, Sir Winfred turned on his heels and headed out the door and
down the hallway.

Sheila was awe struck. All she could do was to look over to Judith for
help.

Judith was moved by her assistants situation. It was obvious that Sir
Winfred was testing the girl. But for what, and why on such a high
priority job. She was at a loss. She soon found herself empathizing with
the girl and just couldn't leave her like this. So she walked up to Sheila
and spoke gently to her.

"Listen Sheila, believe in yourself and do what you can. Remember what Sir
Winfred told you and above all, remember that "YOU" are the dominant and
the trainer. And don't let "THEM" forget that, no matter if you are using
the carrot or the stick."

Judith then gave Sheila a big emotional hug as if she were sending her
child off to college. She whispered good luck in her ear and then left her
by her lonesome, closing the door behind her.

"Sir Winfred," Judith called in a slightly raised voice as she quickly
walked after him.

"I know, I know my dear Judith. But it has to be this way. Remember what I
told you about your assistant last night, in that she might have that rare
something else?"

Judith was standing right in front of him now, her arms folded across her
chest in a rather sharp appearance. She nodded her head only once as the
only signal in confirming what he said.

"This is the only way I can be sure if that "something else" is there or
not. If it is not, then you will have a very capable assistant who will be
loyal to you for as long as she stays interested, and not much else."

"And if she has?" Judith's mood began to change as her stoic stance began
to relax.

"Then my dear woman," Sir Winfred took the initiate in taking hold of
Judith's arm and began leading her down the hallway, "then we will have a
little private talk together, on a topic that will no doubt be to our
mutual interest."

Judith's expression changed to one of surprise as she allowed Sir Winfred
to lead her until they came to another crossing hallway. That's when
Judith began leading him in the direction that he wanted.

Sheila still had that anxious surprised look on her face as she continued
to stare at the closed door. There was only one phrase that kept circling
around in her head. 'Are they serious?'

She could not believe what just happened. She felt like a person showing
up to her first swimming lesson, only to be picked up and thrown into the
deep end of the pool.

'Are they really serious?'

She was hoping that the door would open again with Sir Winfred and Ms.
Davenport all smiles and laughing at what a funny trick they pulled on
her. But the door remained close.

It took some loud moans and groans coming from behind her to take her
attention off the door and refocus it on what she was expected to do.

She turned and stared at the two rear ends with black butt plugs sticking
out of them. Then a chill ran down her spine. She was frighten. Not of
those two girls, or even at the task at hand. She was afraid of failing
Sir Winfred. She knew she could get Katie and Heidi into doing whatever
she wanted, and sport the many red marks of her success to prove it. She
watched her lady boss do it many times with rebellious work units and on a
few, rare, occasions she even tried it herself with red glowing success.
But Sir Winfred opened her eyes to another way, a better way even, if he
was correct. And she wanted to try it. To be a success at it. To make Sir
Winfred and Ms. Davenport proud of her at the same time. She just didn't
want to fail.

Again the distressing moans and groans from both bent over girls brought
Sheila back to the here and now. Time was ticking by. Precious time that
could be used for a much better purpose then her fearful day dreaming. She
signed one more time. Then as if something came over her, she took a deep
breath, stood straight on both legs, stiffened her spine, pulled her
shoulders back and exhaled fast and hard. No matter what, she was going to
at least try. Fail she might, but not because she didn't try.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 8 coming really soon.

Will Sheila succeed in using the carrot approach? You just know she is
going to use the stick. And does she really have that "something else"?

Stay tune!




This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.




                           "'Tis the Season"


                  The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia"


                               by Musker



                               (part 8)


                   "Xmas is the best time for wishes"


Again, the distressing moans and groans from both bent over girls brought
Sheila back to the here and now. Time was ticking by. Precious time that
could be used for a much better purpose then her fearful day dreaming. She
sighed one more time. Then as if something special came over her, she took
a deep breath, stood straight on both legs, stiffened her spine, pulled
her shoulders back and exhaled fast and hard. No matter what, she was
going to at least try. Fail she might, but not because she didn't try.

Sheila was working out of both thought and instinct now. Neither had full
control and neither would give in to the other. Habit and reason, they
were two very powerful human catalysts. When they worked together, nothing
was impossible. But when they were at odds with one another, life could be
a nightmare.

In Sheila's case, they weren't exactly at one another throats as if in
direct opposition to each other. After all, the goal was the same, it was
just a question of what method to use.

The rational mind wanted to talk, make a deal, play up the positive, let
it be a team effort, focus on the whole being greater than the sum of it's
parts. It worked in a world of mutual respect, optimism and dedication to
the cause. Something that did not fit well in the realm of Dominance and
submission. But instinct, that primitive drive for self satisfaction above
all else, had another route that fit well in the world of the kinky.

Luckily, Sheila's ancestry favor the mind a little more than her animal
emotions. Not that much more though, otherwise she would never have been
drawn into this alternative lifestyle in the first place.

So her mind began to lay down a plan. A plan with a multitude of places in
it that would satisfy her innate bizarre desires. Feed the beast that
dwelled deep inside her soul now and then, and she would end up with what
she wanted. Or so she hoped!

She walked over to the bar and unhitched the two girls. She turned them
around and took two steps back away. One end of their leashes was in her
hand while the other was still connected to their nose rings. She just
stood there looking at them for awhile. No emotion, no movement, just a
long heavy look.

The girls acted anxious and upset. They were moving about as if trying to
get the kinks out of their bodies. They flexed their muscles in their arms
to try and alleviate some of the discomfort from having them in that
unnatural position for so long. While at the same time testing the
integrity of single glove. But the results were the same for each of them,
escape proof.

They bit down hard on the round rubber bar in their mouths to help relieve
some of the emotional and physical tension that was building up inside of
them. And in the process, a small amount of drool ran from their mouths,
down over their chins and then dripping disgustingly onto their naked
breasts. Something else that compounded Heidi and Katie's plight to the
tone of louder and angrier groans.

But their growing audible discontent was stopped right in it's tracks when
Sheila began to speak.

"You know doubt heard what was talked about here a little while ago. As a
result, you are probably not looking forward to performing as ponygirls
for the next two days. Nor are you to the fact that "I" will be the one
training you. From your perspective all of that is quite obvious.

"What is also obvious though, if not to you then certainly to me, is the
fact that you "WILL" be trained by "ME" to preform as ponygirls. Let there
be no doubt in those over educated minds of yours that this "WILL" come to
pass. Even if I must beat you, with extreme prejudice, to obtain that
result."

The two girls became noticeably frighten by what they heard. They even
began to take a step backwards, but because of the increased discomfort it
brought on their tethered nose rings it turned out to be only a small baby
step.

Sheila continued her speech with emphasis on her next sentence to the
point of her leaning into the girls when she said it.

"If possible, I would rather that my beating you would not be necessary,
"AT ALL!""

Sheila let those words hang for a good few seconds so their meaning went
deep into the girls minds. Then she began again in her normal voice.

"Do not think, that with me saying this, I will go soft on you or that I
am going to be your very best friend in the short time we will have
together. This is definitely not true. Make no mistake, I am neither your
friend nor your enemy. I am simply your trainer. And it would be to our
mutual benefit that you two cooperate in our shared task at hand. Because
if you do, I will do my best to keep discipline down to absolute minimum.
I may even be able to make your existence for the next two days far better
than it would seem possible, under the circumstances. But on the other
hand, if you don't, well, the final choice is really up to you."

Once more Sheila let her words reverberate in the girls minds for awhile.
This was all part of the carrot approach, through the rational mind. State
the obvious, tell them that it is a share event and even if they were
dealt a bad hand, certain things could still be done to make it better. Of
course she could not resist making a little painful inference as to what
might happen to them if they choose to cross that line. It was that
delicious sadistic beast in her that needed a treat to keep it in check.

Then Sheila took one more step in favor of the carrot.

"And in the spirit of good faith, I will remove your nose ring leash."

She moved forward and unfastened the clip that had a noticeable drag on
their pierced septums. She then coiled up the leather leads and tossed
them off to the side.

"Now, how long that leash stays off your nose ring is up to you. Obey my
commands and I will have no need to use it. Disobey me! Fight me! Rebel
against me! And I will hang you from the ceiling by it." Again, that
beast raised it hungry head for a little nibble and Sheila gave it a very
nice promise to feed on.

Katie and Heidi began wiggling their noses as if they needed to be
scratched. The clip and leash were heavy and the instant loss of weight
was a noticeable difference for them. One they relished with silent
satisfaction.

While the two girls were busy making part of their distressing existence
more palatable, Sheila went to the wall and removed something from it. She
then went back to where she stood before in front of the girls.

"All right, first lesson. This is a ridding crop." She held it out in
front of her horizontally with both hands.

"It is a tool of the trade. It is used to instruct, make note of, or, and
I say this with reservations, to punish. Again, as long as you make the
effort to obey me and follow orders, you will never be punished by it from
my hand. Thus you will have no reason to fear it."

Both girls watch intently as Sheila slipped her hand through the leather
loop and then grasped the handle end. She then let it drop to her side
with the leather flapper resting on the side of her polished riding boot.

"Let's begin then. Ponygirl Jasmine, stand here. Ponygirl Musk, stand
there" Sheila signified with the end of her crop where she wanted both of
them to stand in front of her.

The girls paused for a second and began looking at one another for support
as to what to do.

"No!" Sheila commanded.

"You look at me, not at one another for direction. I am your trainer. I
decided what you will do and when you do it. You obey me. Your attention
is on me. You look at me and only me. Understand ponygirls?"

Sheila was using the ponygirl word as much as possible, even when she
addressed them by their ponygirl names. It was one of those psychological
things she was trying. The more she used the word, especially in
conjunction with their ponygirl names, the less they would fear it, or be
angered by it and the more they will be able to relate to it and let it be
part of their new developing psyche.

The girls felt a good degree of apprehension at that informative edict.
Part of it was coming from fear and anger. Both a result of the aggressive
dominating personality that was coming forth from their trainer. The other
part was a result of being expected to act like a horse as if it were
second nature to them. They still had their pride as human beings, let
alone that of young college educated women. And that was a very big hurdle
for them to jump over simply because someone said to. But the reality of
the situation continued to stare at them right in the face, along with the
audible sound of Sheila's riding crop beating against her shiny boot. So
the girls did answer their trainer with a little nod of the head in
agreement.

Sheila sighed when she seen that nonchalant head nod. She also made one
final abrupt smack with her crop on her boot leg, as a kind of absent
minded stress reducer if you will. She knew the girls where with her,
somewhat. But she was looking for something more zestful as a response.
And as far as "looks" were concerned. She seen their's right after she
read them the riot act. That arrogant defiant gaze in their eyes. There
was still too much of that. She knew she had to do something to get the
ball rolling. It would be very easy to smack them a few times with her
crop like she so longed to do to get their full and undivided attention.
But then that would only replace one look with another, fear. No, it was
still too early to go that route. Besides, she wanted to use that carrot
approach as much as possible.

Then something came into her mind.

"Look, it might help you to think along these lines in the future. Imagine
that you are both actresses. And the role you are to play is that of a
horse. If kids can do it in school plays, then there is no reason why you
can't either. And as such, in order for the play to be a great success you
must be the best horses you can be. Thus, it would be to your benefit to
think like a horse. Think how a horse would behave in the same situation.
How would they move? How would they react? What sounds would they make?
This will help you immensely in the next two days. It will also help you
swallow your swollen pride as human beings and to preform like ponygirls
the way you should, without reservation! In fact, the best piece of advice
I can give you, for all our sakes, is to try and reroute your pride. Take
pride in being ponygirls. Play your part to the hilt as accomplished
actresses. The more you think and act like a human being, the harder it
will be for you to stomach being ponygirls. And as a result, you will
disobey, you will fight back, and you will rebel. And when that happens, I
will be there with my ridding crop. Something you will definitely regret.
I promise you."

Again Sheila smacked the side of her boot once with her crop. This time on
purpose.

"Now, since you are to be ponygirls. You," Sheila pointed at Katie with
her riding crop, "are ponygirl Jasmine, and you," again Sheila used her
crop to point to Heidi as she addressed her, "are ponygirl Musk."

Both girls flashed wide their eyes when they saw that flexible loop of
leather fill their field of vision and wiggle threateningly within it.

"That means you are to act as such. When a horse shakes it's head, he does
so pronto! A horse does not nod it as if in pleasant conversation with
another human being. You will thus nod your head like a horse does, with
flamboyance, exaggeration and zeal. Is that clear ponygirl Jasmine?"

Katie was on edge. She wanted to look at her friend Heidi for support, but
she remembered that she was explicitly told not to do that. She was
looking straight at her trainer now, or more like the way she was tapping
the end of that thick leather loop in the palm of her hand. Then she
remembered that if she obeyed there was no reason to fear the crop being
used on her with painful stinging results. That was the key word then,
OBEY!

So after shifting her weight back and forth from one stiletto heel to the
other Katie finally gave Sheila what she was looking for. She moved her
head up and down, so much so that some of her drool actually went flying
in the air.

"Excellent ponygirl Jasmine! That was truly first rate. Marvellous my
dear, simple marvellous!"

Katie actually felt slightly good after hearing that, even though she
remained very nervous at heart. She even produce a small smile around her
bit gag when she heard her trainer do that half hearted celebrity
imitation of 'simply marvellous'.

"And you ponygirl Musk, do you have enough horse sense to know how to
acknowledge a question put to you too?"

There was a sly little grin on Sheila's lips when she asked that question
of Heidi. She was determined to use the carrot approach, but not without
having a little sadistic fun along the way. Especially with her favorite
ponygirl.

Heidi didn't like that connotation one little bit, as she began grinding
her teeth into that thick rubber rod. She also didn't like the way Sheila
was bending that flexible crop in her hands either, just itching to use it
on someone. She was obviously left with a choice of lesser of evils. And
right now, a wounded pride had a much less lingering effect than a hurting
body, as her piercings still reminded her. So this time, she decided to
obey this woman's command. Again, she nodded her head with just a little
bit more head movement this time, but only moving it up and down just
once.

"That was better ponygirl Musk, but I need to see more. Remember, your a
horse now and part of a team, just like your ponygirl friend Jasmine here.
In fact, why don't you watch ponygirl Jasmine while she does it for you
again. She does it with perfect execution, just like a proud and happy
ponygirl should. She's not afraid to show it. She is smart enough to
understand the situation she is in. She's simply trying to do her best
with what she has, and doing a fantastic job of it I might add. She is a
very beautiful, prideful and obedient ponygirl. Right Jasmine?"

Sheila was pulling out all the stops now. She knew Heidi was going to be
the more difficult of the two. That's why she started with Katie. Once she
had Katie under her thumb, she was going to use her to get to the other.

Katie had some mixed feelings about what her trainer said about her. She
loved hearing all those positive words of praise, like perfect execution,
smart, fearless, proud and beautiful. She just didn't care having them
referenced to her in being a ponygirl that's all. But like her trainer
said she was doing the best with what she had.

So again Katie shook her head like a horse with the big up and down
motion. The fear that was once in her eyes was now gone. But there was
something else that took it's place. It was not that easy to see, but
still, it was there.

Heidi could see it though, in her friend's eyes. That small hint of
embarrassment. Made even more intense, for Heidi that is, by having her
friend do that humiliating gesture because of her. For what she did, or
better put, for what she didn't do right the first time.

"Very good ponygirl Jasmine!" Again Sheila went over board to congratulate
Katie in doing a fine job.

"Now you do it ponygirl Musk. Let me see a good horsey shake her head as
if she were born to be a ponygirl."

Heidi tensed her body and again bit down hard on her bit. The result of
which caused more drool to ooze out of her mouth and all over her front.
An act that made her feel even more angry.

Emotionally, she definitely didn't want to do it. The gesture was bad
enough, but the way Sheila was throwing insult after insult at her in that
cunning way of hers. Implying that she was lazy, stupid, afraid and
ashamed to shake her head like a horse because her friend Katie did so for
just the opposite reasons. And then outright tell her she had no more
sense than a dumb animal, and in fact, she was no better than one to begin
with. Heidi was definitely set at not doing the head nod at all!

But she knew she had to. If not for the possibility of getting beaten with
that ever present and twitching crop, then for the sake of her friend
Katie. She had to think of her. After all, she was the one who initiated
the theft in the first place, and thus felt a sense of responsibility for
what was now happening to both of them. So to keep that evil bitch from
using Katie to get to her, Heidi shook her head up and down exactly like
her trainer wanted. With a noted aggressive cockiness thrown in for
flavor.

"Excellent! Well done ponygirl Musk! Well done! And to you too ponygirl
Jasmine. For helping out your dear ponygirl friend here. Now the two of
you are getting into the spirit of things!"

For some reason, both Heidi and Katie felt a small degree of satisfaction
in being complimented for what they did. Something that they both pushed
off to the back of their psyches for fear of having to deal with the
possibility that they might like playing the submissive.

"One more time then shall we. Ponygirl Jasmine here and ponygirl Musk
there."

The two girls didn't bother to look at one another this time. They just
took one step to where each was supposed to go and then kept there eyes on
Sheila.

"Excellent! Great! Now for the next lesson."

Sheila turned her eyes away from them and began to walk off to the side
and then around them as she began her lecture.

"You may think that the way you stand does not make a difference, but it
does. In fact, a great deal of your time will be in doing just that,
standing around at the party. During this time when you are harnessed to
the sleigh and just waiting, people will be looking at you. They will want
to see what a pair of beautiful and well trained ponygirls Madame Rouso
will have. And as such, you must learn to stand in the proper manner with
pomp and splendor befitting your status as a pair of first class
ponygirls. And yes, your stance will reflect a sense of "PRIDE" in being
ponygirls as well. That is why I mentioned it to you earlier."

Sheila was once more standing in front of the girls. Her trusty riding
crop held firmly in her hand like a custom fitted glove.

"So, lesson three will be on the proper stance of a ponygirl. Ponygirl
Jasmine, ponygirl Musk, put your feet together, legs straight, stomach in,
chest out and head up. And keep your eyes looking straight forward!"

Both girls followed each order given to them as they shimmied themselves
into position. However, Sheila did notice a lack luster response on both
girl's parts to her commands, with Heidi being the last to comply. But for
a beginning, it wasn't bad at all.

"This is the standard "at attention" position found in most military
organizations. From it you will arch your spine in such a way that your
chest is project forward. Nothing extreme mind you. Just make it look like
you are leading with your proud ponygirl breasts. You will find that it
will be easier for you if you tilt your legs backwards a little to
compensate. This in turn will cause your rear end to jut out behind you,
which is another required and most desirable effect of the ponygirl
stance. Especially when your tail is added later. Now try doing it."

Both girls slowly contorted their spines into a kind of lazy "S" shape to
get the pose that their trainer wanted, including the slight tilting back
of their straight legs.

"From now on this will be called your "pony stance", remember it."

Sheila saw that Katie was trying much harder to get into position than her
counter part Heidi was. So she decided to make sure Katie was standing
properly before moving on to the more stubborn one.

"That's it ponygirl Jasmine. Very good. Just make off like you are leading
with your breasts." And with that Sheila gently touched the under side of
Katie's right naked breast with her crop to make the point.

Instantly, as if she was shocked with a bolt of electricity, Katie jumped
backwards echoing a surprised scream in the process.

"Jasmine! Get back here this instant!"

Katie took a sheepish step forward to where Sheila was pointing to and
took on the "at attention" stance, already forgetting about the pony
stance.

"Didn't I tell you that the crop was a tool for instruction?"

Katie began nodding her head only to catch herself in the process and then
really started shaking it like she was taught.

"And didn't I tell you that you had nothing to fear from it "IF" you made
an effort to obey me?"

Again Katie's head was shaking as if was about to fly off.

"Obviously, you have never been touched by a crop before. I was going to
save this for lesson four, but now is as good as time as any to train
you."

Sheila took a step back and began addressing both girls this time.

"Aside from being looked at by many people, you will most certainly be
touched by them as well."

A worried look came over both girls faces. One that had a hint of anger in
it as well.

"Your ponygirl outfits will probably cover a significant part of your
bodies. But you will still be exposed in many areas that you would rather
not have the light of day see. As such, those area's, as well as any other
area of your ponygirl body will be literally up for grabs by anyone! Is
that understood ponygirls?"

Katie started shaking her head with less then a happy expression on her
face. Heidi too soon followed with an angered wrinkle, or two, in her brow
as well.

"Good! Again, pony stance, now!"

Both girls went at attention first, then they moved their upper torso's
into the dictated position of breasts out in front and butts out in back.

"Very good!" Sheila gave them a quick look over before moving over to the
side of Katie. Once there, she eyed her up very carefully from top to
bottom and front to back.

Katie just stood there. Her eyes were as big as saucers with anxiety. She
could literally feel the heavy weight of her trainer's eyes upon her. She
didn't know what to expect, but she did know one thing. To stay in place
no matter what.

"Your looking good ponygirl Jasmine." Sheila was smiling as she continued
to give her properly poised ponygirl the critical eye.

"That's right my pretty filly, legs straight." Sheila touched Katie with
the flapper part of her crop, and this time Katie remained in place. All
be it after a very minor knee jerk reaction to the initial contact.

"Tummy in." Again Sheila used the flapper end to tap several times on
Katie's stomach. And with each sound of tuff raw hide meeting smooth
tender flesh Katie tried to move her tummy in just a little more.

"Make sure your chest is thrust out as far it will go Jasmine. You have a
very fine pair of breasts there ponygirl. You should be very proud in
showing them off. I know many people are going to find them very
desirable." Sheila was using both the leather flapper and the shaft of the
crop itself too gently rub the girl's very prominent breasts.

"Oh yes indeed. I do believe there will be many, many people wanting a
good look at these beautiful breasts. Such a youthful attractive pair with
exquisite perky pierced nipples to boot. I would even say that quite a few
people will no doubt want to touch them as well."

Sheila replaced the crop with her hand and continued speaking in a soft
tender voice, just like her touch on Katie's breasts.

"Some may even want to caress them and fondle like so, and maybe even give
them a little squeeze, or two."

Sheila was having a fantastic time. Her one hand, with the hanging crop,
kept going from one breast to the other. Rubbing there soft supple
fullness with the tips of her fingers. Then grasping them with her whole
hand until their malleable flesh began to squeeze out between her digits.
And all during this lesbian foreplay, Katie seemed to be on the very edge
of bolting.

"Easy girl, easy. That's right, just let it happen. Remember, your playing
the part of a pony, and ponies love to be touched, and rubbed, and played
with. That's a good girl! Your doing just fine. Good ponygirl! That's a
good ponygirl Jasmine!"

The carrot approach was truly working for Sheila. The more pleasing
comments she gave Katie, the more she could prolong her intimate contact
with her. Both of her hands were all over her now. Rubbing her back and
legs, grasping and squeezing her butt cheek, first one, than the other.
She was even able to play with the girl's butt plug a little, twisting it
to the right and then to the left.

Then Sheila made a very bold move. She rested her hand right over Katie's
pussy lips. She didn't move it at all. She just left it there, over that
entire area, letting the warm skin of her palm rest profoundly in direct
contact with Katie's sensitive genitalia.

Such initial contact made Katie flinch, and then cause her to fidget in
place. But Sheila kept her relaxed hand right where it was as her soothing
voice continued telling Katie how great she was doing.

Then she took it one more step forward. She lightened her touch
significantly until she was barely touching her silky smooth skin. Then
she began moving her hand up and down, very slowly, over Katie's pussy.
And to her overwhelming joy, Katie was letting her do it! This was a
stunning success with her ability to use the carrot approach. An effect
that showed greatly in Sheila's big effervescent smile.

A few times Katie's body jerked in place while she was stroking her.
Sheila believed it coincided with her touching the girl's pierced clitoral
hood. It was probably still in the process of healing and thus very
sensitive. But to be sure she decided to ask her in a continuation of her
caring and loving voice.

"Is your clit hood still an itsy bit sensitive from the piercing I gave
you yesterday my sweet, obedient, ponygirl Jasmine?"

Katie shook her head up and down just like a good ponygirl should.

"Awww, poor filly. I'll stop playing with it then because your such a very
good and well behaved ponygirl. And I always reward those who obey me like
you do my sexy mare."

Sheila thought she saw a grin try to form on the corner of Katie's mouth
after she said that.

"And later on, after lunch, I'll put something on it to make my pretty
filly feel so much better. You'll like that, won't you, my very proud and
pretty ponygirl."

This time, Katie not only shook her head in agreement, but she thrust out
her chest just a little more when she heard the words proud and pretty.

Sheila was so happy in what she had accomplished that it was difficult for
her to keep her exuberance under control. She knew she had Katie. If there
were such a thing as breaking a woman to harness, then she just did it
with Katie. And she did it using the carrot approach just like Sir Winfred
recommended. That's when she thought to herself, 'One down, one to go'.

She instantly stopped playing with Katie's pussy and used the crop one
more time on her precious broken pony. She gently placed the flapper under
Katie's chin in a playful tickling motion and said, "Remember my sweet
trained mare, keep that beautiful ponygirl head up and looking straight
ahead. You want to project a sense of pride in your ponygirl stance.
Pride in being a beautiful, well trained and devoted ponygirl." And Katie
responded just like her trained ordered, after emitting a little girlish
giggle from being tickled under her adoring drooling chin like that.

Katie's eyes were different now. They didn't look so frighten, nor did
they have that touch of anger in them either. Even after hearing herself
being referred to with such words as broken filly, trained mare and
devoted ponygirl. Those same words that would have raise an eyebrow in any
normal, intelligent and independent woman, even in Katie herself just a
few minutes ago, she now took in stride.

That feeling was coming back to her again. That same feeling she put off
to the side a little while ago because it made her too fearful to deal
with it. It was coming back to the forefront of her awareness again. It
was the feeling of submission. And it was weaving it's ensnaring tendrils
throughout her entire being like in a passionate lover's kiss attached to
the words "I love you" whispered in her ear.

Katie was indeed a broken woman, but one that was rising from it's ashes
like a phoenix. And one who was just now beginning to embrace her inherent
desire to submit to a stronger erotic power greater than herself. It was
just too bad that it was coming from a woman that's all. Otherwise the
heterosexual Katie would not be the least bit hesitant in accepting her
erotic submission.

Heidi was next on Sheila's list. Again Sheila followed the same routine as
she did with Katie. More soothing praising words as she used the crop on
the girl like an extension of her hand. Then, a short time later, she was
actually able to use her hand on her favorite filly's desirable flesh. And
Heidi continued to maintain her rigid pony stance through it all.

Sheila loved touching and rubbing those two big beautiful breasts of
Heidi's', more so than she did with Katie. It gave her an intense erotic
chill that only made her lust for the girl even more. And as her hand
began roaming to other naked and intimate parts of her best loved
ponygirl's body, she suddenly felt that something might be wrong.

She couldn't see it, or feel it for that matter. Not with her lusting
staring eyes or with her sensitive finger tips as they glided over the
smooth skin of the girl. But her female intuition was definitely telling
her that it was there all right, and to beware!

The more intimate her probing erotic interest was, the stronger was her
feeling that something bad was just about to happen.

Sheila began to think that she might be pushing Heidi a bit too far and
too fast. Then she thought to herself, 'Maybe it would be better to ease
up a little and try again later when Musk had time to cool down a bit.
After all, the carrot approach is working and like Sir Winfred said, "the
carrot approach takes the longest time to work in another, especially when
that other was a willing subject".' And Sheila knew in no uncertain terms
how willing Heidi was in all this.

But then she remembered that time was of the essence. She still had a lot
more to cover in their training and she was barely out of the first few
lessons. Thus, she really had no choice but to push it as far and as fast
as she could. She decided to pay strict attention to what her natural
female warming system was telling her and be ready for anything.

So again, she pushed it. She had to. She needed to have Heidi just like
she had Katie, broken to harness and under her will.

Her hand was now rubbing up against Heidi's pussy all nice and slow like.
Then she pushed it, just to one more level. That's when it happened.

It was like a flash on a camera. It was over before it had a chance to get
started. Both women acting with cat like reflexes. But only one was the
winner.

Heidi swore to herself that she would never let that evil bitch finger her
pussy again after last night, no matter what! So when Sheila pushed it and
gently inserted her finger, Heidi lashed out with her foot.

But Sheila was on her toes. She was able to respond quick enough to avoid
being hit in the leg with those granny boots like weapons. Then it was her
turn to reciprocate.

Sheila went straight for the nose ring. She grabbed it with one hand and
pulled it up hard!

Heidi had no choice but to follow it up as far as she could, ending with
her head tilted back looking straight up at the ceiling and yelling
through her bit gag something fierce.

Again, Heidi tried to strike out with her foot at the evil bitch to her
left, only to find vacant air again. And again, Sheila raised her nose
ring even more, causing Heidi to stand straight as a rail and on her tippy
toes.

Sheila was in full control now, and it was time for discipline. The beast
inside her was awake and demanded to be feed. The stick approach was in
enabled and ready to be used.

"You are a VERY  BAD  ponygirl MUSK! "

Each highlighted word was accompanied with a resounding hard smack of the
crop on Heidi's right butt cheek.

Sheila caught Katie turning her head and watching her with startled eyes
as to what was happening to her friend.

"Jasmine," Sheila said with a calm but stern voice that demanded
obedience, "get yourself back into pony stance. This does not concern you.
If ponygirl Musk was as obedient as you, I would not have to punish her.
But she wasn't! So keep your eyes forward and stay in pony stance while I
discipline her. Once I have finished with her, we will continue. I promise
you!"

Katie moved quickly into the pose that she was ordered to and stayed that
way. She was noticeably agitated, which was to be expected under the
circumstances. Sheila was glad to see this happen in Katie. Further proof
as to how well Katie had come to accept her submissive status to Sheila's
will. Which meant only Heidi was left now.

Katie had no choice but to obey. There was really nothing she could do to
help her dear friend Heidi. Her arms were enclosed in a leather sheath
behind her back and thus useless. She had a bit gag stuck deep in her
mouth and couldn't even talk let alone bite anyone. She could try to use
her feet, but with such high heels on she could easily loose her balance
and fall. Then she too would feel the pain of being struck repeatedly with
that crop just like her friend was. She was thus forced to remain playing
the role of an obedient ponygirl and hoped that her friend's punishment
would soon end.

That's how Katie's mind was rationalizing the situation. Her feelings on
the other hand, were completely different. She still felt empathy for her
friend's plight, but she was almost happy that she had no control over
what was happening. Following orders, not being responsible for anything
other than her own actions, letting someone else worry about the "what
if's" in life. Quite a dramatic role reversal from her world of a college
educated, independent and viable young woman of the new millennium. And
all she had to do was to follow some simple commands and then bath in the
glory of there perfect execution, not to mention a soothing caress or two.
It was a simple life of obedience and being taken cared of, tenderly.
Granted, it was in the bizarre realm of the major kinky with it's overt
preoccupation with sex. But if it wasn't for the fact that her dominant,
over sex, trainer was a woman, Katie was beginning to feel like it might
be something to her liking in the future, in moderation of course.

However, Heidi was in a dreadful state. She was angry as hell and hurting
just as bad. And the pain she felt did not come only from her aching
pierced nose and burning butt cheek. It also came emotionally, from a
damaged pride in being controlled, humiliated and use like some off the
shelf lesbian sex toy against her will. Together, the physical pain and
emotional torment, they came together and became an undying force to fight
back and give the devil it's due. But being bound and controlled by a nose
ring would make anyone's gallant efforts border on being hopeless. It was
just a way of alleviating a continuous building up of stress and anger
inside of her. Something that was rapidly falling by the way side with
each hard smack on her butt.

"Bad  ponygirl . I can keep doing this for as long as you
want ponygirl Musk. "

It was getting to be too much for Heidi. She was going no where in her
fight and the physical pain was increasing exponentially. It was getting
so bad that she didn't care how she felt emotionally anymore. She just
wanted the pain in her butt to stop.

Sheila was taking full advantage of this moment. She still didn't give up
on the carrot approach with Heidi. She just believe that to get the carrot
method to work, she had to first use the stick to put the girl in the
proper frame of mind. Of course there was that deep down erotic pleasure
she received in wheeling that magnificent instrument of punishment on said
helpless damsel in distress.

All in all, it did seem to be working though. Sheila was able to get Heidi
to stop fighting her and now had her standing still in place. But she
still had a good hold on her nose ring though. She wasn't quite finished
with the stick approach yet.

"I told you what would happen if you disobeyed me!  I told you I
would hang you up by your nose ring if you fought me!  You are a
VERY  STUBBORN  ponygirl Musk!   "

'Now the sounds coming from you are the right ones,' Sheila thought to
herself. Before, when she was using the crop on Heidi in the beginning,
her cries and yells had a defiant and angry tone to them. Even her body
language, being limited as it was, had that rebellious "I'll get you"
implication. But now, those same shouts and body contortions were keeping
with a pleading submissive "I'll be good Mistress, please, please, don't
hurt me anymore Mistress Sheila, PLEASE!" persona. Thus Sheila believed
that now was time to really bring this girl to heel.

"Now, will you obey me in all that I command of you ponygirl Musk?"


The pain in Heidi's butt was extreme. Sheila kept on hitting her not only
on the same butt cheek, but practically in the very same spot each and
every time. It was just too much. That's when Heidi did her best to answer
her abuser verbally through that damn bit gag in her mouth.

"No!  I told you, horses don't talk!  You must answer the
same way a horse does, remember? 

Heidi tried to shake her head like Sheila wanted, but with her head pulled
up so painfully by her nose ring it was impossible. She didn't know what
to do. She just cast her pain stricken eyes over in Sheila's direction and
did her best to plead for mercy with them.

"My goodness, you are as stupid as you are a stubborn ponygirl Musk.
Think! Think like a horse would. You can't talk. You can't shake your
head. What else can you do to answer my question like a horse would? And
be quick about! "

Heidi squinted her eyes in pain when she felt that last smack on her
burning ass. What was she suppose to do, dance? That thought caused her to
think of something. Something that she immediately acted on since the
intensity of the moment called for it. She slowly lifted her right leg in
a jerking kind of way. Then she brought it down in front of her with a
noted stomp. And then dragged it back to it's original position.

"Ahhhhh, that was very interesting ponygirl Musk," Sheila said with a
celebrated expression of joy on her face. "I was looking for something
along the lines of a neigh or a whinny, but moving your leg like that is
definitely something that a horse would do too. That was very good horse
thinking Musk. Very good indeed! So good that I will accept it and end
your punishment. BUT, lets be clear about this shall we. You are going to
obey me from now on, right ponygirl?"

With her head still being controlled by her raised nose ring, Heidi again
raised her foot and brought it down with a thump.

"Are you going to fight with me ever again?" To get her point across
Sheila pulled up on Heidi's nose ring a little more at the end of that
question.

Heidi took a second or two to think of how to answer while wincing and
moaning in pain. She then quickly raised and lowered her foot twice for
the answer of no.

"Very good ponygirl Musk! Now, if I let your nose ring go, will you behave
yourself like a well trained and "PROUD" ponygirl should?"

Again Heidi's foot could not respond fast enough to answering yes to that
question.

"All right then, but if you try anything like you did again, I will hang
you up by your nose ring "AND" your nipple piercings while I beat your
pussy raw! Do you understand me, my "OBEDIENT" filly?"

Heidi answered her directly with one loud stomp of her foot.

Sheila still hung onto Heidi's nose ring for a few seconds more just for
spite before letting it go. Once she did though, she didn't give Heidi
much time for recuperation. She went right back to giving Heidi commands
on how to stand like a ponygirl. Even to the point of zealously point out
each and every one of them with her ridding crop.

"Ponygirl Musk, put your legs together and stand straight! Stomach in,
chest out, head up! Curve that spine! Push out those big mare tits of
yours. I said keep that head up!"

One command after the other was called out and Heidi responded to each and
every one them quickly, just like a well trained sniveling ponygirl
should.

Sheila began to walk around Heidi, eyeing her up, smiling in satisfaction
at how clean and sharp the girl's responses were. Then she let the crop
hang by her wrist and began touching the girl with both her hands. One
hand went to her breasts while the other went to her butt, the side that
wasn't beaten.

"Yes, that's a good little horsey."

Sheila was not so gentile with her touch now. She seemed to be actually
groping Heidi's big breast and fleshy butt like a highly aroused lover.

"Oh yes! I can definitely see many people at the party wanting to play
with this fantastic tits and ass combination ponygirl Musk. Many, many
people, including "WOMEN!"

Sheila was really laying it down heavy. She had to, just as much as she
wanted to. She had to know if she succeeded in breaking Heidi like she did
with Katie.

Heidi just remained in her pony stance staring out in front of her. Her
tears didn't seem to come like faucets now, but they still did come. And
the only noise she made was some sniveling through her nose. But that too
was fading away.

Seeing that her first groping session with Heidi was a success, Sheila
decided to push it, fast and hard. The hand on her butt went straight for
the plug sticking out of Heidi's ass. And the hand she was using to
squeeze Heidi's breasts made a bee line for the girl's pussy once more.
There was no tender foreplay this time. One, two and then a third finger
went deep into Heidi's pussy while her thumb went to playing with her
clitoris.

Heidi's eyes opened bigger than they had ever been before. She did not
dare move, other than a few body twitches and a couple of head jerks. She
just tried to deal with the sexual indignity as best she could without
getting beaten again.

"That's a good ponygirl!" Sheila exclaimed as she aggressively played with
the girl's front and back holes.

"Oh yes, you are going to make a first rate ponygirl Musk. And you love it
too don't you, my obedient, well mannered, filly?"

Sheila purposefully asked Heidi a humiliating question just to see if her
awareness was still there with her, and that it didn't drift off to some
safe and pleasant mental dreamland. She had to know if she really did
break her to harness and not go too far and break her completely as in
a complete psychological breakdown.

It took a second or two, but Sheila got the reaction she was looking for.
The shaking of the girl's head in that flamboyant up and down direction.
Her ponygirl was all there all right, heart, mind and soul. And thoroughly
broken like her sister ponygirl Jasmine.

Sheila removed her hands from Heidi, but before leaving to wash up, she
patted Heidi on her behind. That same butt cheek that was the sole object
of her corporal punishment.

Heidi let out a little yelp when she felt that gentle pat on her throbbing
butt. And considering how blazing red it was, it was a wonder that's all
she did do.

Sheila then said, "Oh poor, poor filly. Does that pretty little tush burn
that bad on my precious obedient ponygirl?"

Again Heidi shook her head most decidedly yes!

"Well then, I'll just have to get something to make it all nice and cool
so my sweet "TAMED" ponygirl doesn't hurt so bad, now won't I."

Heidi was right there on the spot with the head shaking. Something that
was really starting to tickle Sheila to no end.

Sheila walked away from both of the girls and headed for the far side of
the room. There was a sink there where one could wash up or get a damp
towel if need be. She knew she was taking a risk in turning her back on
both girls, but it was a calculated one.

First, there was a mirror on that wall. One where the reflected image
extended well behind her. Any movement on the part of either ponygirl
could easily be seen just by keeping an eye on that mirror.

Second, it was another test that needed to be done. Sheila needed to see
if she really had as much control over both girls as she believed she had.
And sure enough, both girls remained in their pony stance just like she
left them.

Sheila took some time at the sink, washing her hands, checking her face
and even readjusting her ponytail that really didn't need any attention.
During all this time she kept an eye peeled on the girls. For some reason
she just couldn't help being extremely proud of herself. She knew it was
far from over yet, and that any number of things could go wrong. But so
far, she thought she handled the task of getting the girls ready like Sir
Winfred wanted quite well.

She gathered up a few things, and then headed back to her well poised and
waiting ponygirls.

"Let me see. Who is going to be first? Ponygirl Jasmine! You behaved
better than ponygirl Musk did, thus you get my benevolent attention
first."

More psychology was at work. Sheila purposefully picked out Katie first as
part of the carrot technique. She wanted to instill in the girls that she
was capable of being kind to them when they earned it. Thus a cycling
process is created that builds on itself in the direction that she wanted.
That being, to produce a virtual slave hinged on every want, every need
and every desire that she may ever have. And even though this entire
endeavor was only in the short turn, with the end result of setting them
free out in the wild again. It still provided Sheila with a very valuable
learning experience.

"My goodness Jasmine! That bit gag of yours will have to go. It makes you
drool far too much. Your entire chest and breasts are just dripping with
your saliva. Here, let me wipe your face first and then I will clean the
rest of you up."

Sheila took the cool wet towel and began to wipe Katie's face.

"Mmmmm, I bet that feels good now, doesn't it my tamed pony."

Katie shook her head with a welcomed eagerness in her eyes.

"Good ponygirl! Now let me finish wiping you off and then I can give you
some nice cool water to drink. Wouldn't that be nice my pretty filly?"

It was almost too good to be true. Katie was responding to Sheila's lead
as if she was made for the role, or life, of a submissive.

"There you are, all nice and clean once more. Now, tilt your head back a
little, open your mouth and block the back part of your throat with your
tongue. I will pour some water in and then you can swallow it. And be very
careful not to choke! I don't want to loose you now that I have you."

Katie took a moment to think about what Sheila said while she was
following her instructions. Why didn't she just take the bit out of her
mouth so she could drink like a normal person? Why is she taking this role
playing to such lengths and so seriously? The more Katie thought, the more
she was beginning to feel ill at ease with what was going on. Then she
remembered what Sheila told her earlier, about not letting her human pride
get the best of her, and then seeing what happened to her friend Heidi
when it actually did. She certainly didn't want that to happen to her. And
besides, it was only for a couple of days and it sort of felt good, being
taken cared of and fawned over like she was. She then blanked those
thoughts right out of her head and choose to follow the least path of
resistance. And oh, did that water taste good!

"That's a good horsey. You can have as much as you want. Just take it slow
and easy. That's right, open your mouth like a hungry little birdie and
let me fill it with some nice fresh cool water. That's a good Jasmine!"

Sheila was again going over the top in being nice and pleasant to Katie.
She wanted Heidi to here it all. Every last, honey soaked, caring word of
it. She wanted Heidi to envy her fiend's better treatment. She wanted her
licking her lips in anticipation of getting some of that cool wet water
too. But above all, she wanted Heidi to act just like Jasmine did in
accepting her role as a well trained ponygirl. She even decided not use
those two words together when referring to ponygirl Jasmine anymore. She
just call her by her true name, Jasmine.

"Ok now Jasmine. You stay in your pony stance while I see to your sister
ponygirl Musk."

Katie brought herself back up to the official pony stance with her head
held high and her breasts thrust forward with pride.

"Oh your such a good filly Jasmine!"

Sheila caressed the side of Katie's thigh with her hand and then drew it
across her front, where her pubic hair use to be, and then gave a very
gentle tap of her fingers over the girl's pussy.

Katie's eyes opened big in surprise. But seeing that it ended so quickly,
she did not fret over it like she did before. Besides, she was feeling
much better and why let a little thing like patting her naked pussy cause
her any grief. After all, it did feel kind of nice.

Sheila moved over to Heidi and just looked at her.

"My oh my! You sure are one sloppy mess. Aren't you Musk?"

She decided to leave off the ponygirl preface to Heidi's ponygirl name as
well, seeing that she had good evidence that both girls were broken to
harness now.

Heidi shook her head in appeasing agreement. She heard what her friend had
gone through and it sounded really good, even if it was emotionally
humiliating to be treated like that. But she was in a far worst condition
than her friend was, especially with her butt still stinging like it was.
So any treatment would be better than none at all. Thus Heidi resigned
herself to playing the part of an obedient ponygirl for the entire
duration.

"I "SEE" that you agree with me Musk. Good! Now let me "HEAR" that you
agree with me also."

Sheila could have added a little treat with her crop to the ending of her
passive command. But she wanted to go back to using the carrot approach
again. The beast inside her was well fed and she kind of missed playing
the benign well liked pony trainer.

Heidi had to think for a moment. 'What did she mean by wanting to hear me
agree with her? If I talk, I will get beaten again, or worst! I can't use
my leg because she wants to . . ." Then it dawned on Heidi. She had to
close her eyes from the degrading pain that thought brought with it. And
as a result another tear came rolling out from the corner of her eye.

Sheila noted the pause and seen the tear too. And she knew exactly what
they meant. That's why she didn't push Heidi this time, even though time
was precious. She had come to learn that some things in training could not
be rushed. And this was one of them. Heidi was thinking just like she was
supposed to, like a horse. That's why there was a pause. And the tear was
a result of having to swallow her human pride to bring herself to do it.
Sheila knew she would. Heidi just needed a little more time to embrace the
role of a ponygirl like Katie did.

Then Sheila heard it. It was kind of soft and not very clear. But it was
there!

"Louder, please," Sheila requested in a firm voice. She did that
purposefully. If she ordered it, then Heidi would do it purely out of
fear. But if she requested it, in a voice that was almost a command, then
Heidi would have to feel, if only a little, that she was doing it to
please her trainer too and not just out of fear. It was the psychological
carrot approach in full vogue.

Heidi's pause was much shorted this time and no tear was shed. And her
voice was louder too. But the integrity and richness of the sound was
still sadly lacking.

"Very good Musk. Now, take a deep breath, thrust out your chest, hold your
head up high and do it just for me, one more time."

Sheila was leading Heidi as if she had reins in her hands. And as the old
saying goes, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make'm drink.
That's what Sheila was doing. She was leading Heidi slowly and surely to
being a ponygirl with pride. But it was all up to Heidi to take that one
last step. And once she heard Heidi make that horse's whinny loud and
clear while in her proud pony stance, then she would have her. She would
be all hers not just in mind, but in heart and soul as well. Just like
Jasmine was.

Heidi knew what was going on. What that woman was trying to do to her,
make her do. And there was still a part of her that wanted to resist it, a
small part this time. But she was used up inside. She was tired of
fighting a loosing battle. It hurt too much and the humiliation that
resulted from it was worst than if she had just gone along with it in the
first place. Besides, there were some advantages in going along with it
aside from the lack of pain. There were the nice comments and being taken
cared of like she seen in her friend Katie, even though it was in relation
to being treated like an animal.

It did make a difference, being treated with kindness instead of scorn.
Positive feedback always does. And then there was that something inside of
her, nagging at her. A something that wanted to explore this submissive
role of sorts. But not so much from the hand of a woman though. Like
Katie, Heidi was straight as an arrow. But then again, this was all new
territory for her, and scary too. Maybe it would be better to try
something new with a dominant female in charge. Either way, it would all
begin with that one step forward.

Heidi opened her eyes and remained still for a moment. When she felt the
courage in her beginning to rise, she took a deep breath, maneuvered
herself into the position of a proud pony stance and then let go with a
strong and clear horse's whinny.

"Excellent Musk! That was the best ponygirl sound I have ever heard. Well
done my precious ponygirl, well done indeed!"

Sheila took a step forward and began cleaning Heidi off with her damp
cloth. She was in a most joyful mood now, now that she had another girl on
the hoof. The carrot method did work and she was proud of herself in her
ability to use it successfully. And to make sure it held up, she kept on
congratulating Heidi on how good she was, all the while she was wiping the
tears, drool and sweat off her face and chest. She could even feel the
effects of praising her devoted ponygirl in the way Heidi kept her body
firm in it's proud ponygirl position while she wiped it clean. In a way,
it made Sheila feel like a stable girl brushing down a strong and proud
thoroughbred. Something she didn't mind either, as long as the mare obeyed
her like a well trained animal should.

When she got to Heidi's rear end she stopped for a moment and then spoke
to her ponygirl.

"Musk, I am going to put something cool on that red hind quarters of yours
to ease the discomfort there. But I want you to remain in your pony stance
though. So prepare yourself for something cold. It won't hurt, but it will
be a bit uncomfortable in the beginning. Do you understand me Musk?"

Heidi shook her head up and down with grace and pride, just like a Nobel
steed at the commanding hands of her trainer.

Sheila smiled when she seen that.

"Ok Musk here we go."

Immediately Sheila saw Heidi tightened the muscles of her haunches. She
also noticed that Heidi extended that muscle flex throughout her entire
body, making it very rigid while still remaining in her pony stance. It
made her feel so happy being the cause of this.

Then she put the side of the bottle containing the ice water on that red
spot. And just like she thought, she seen Heidi's body jerk with a gasping
sound coming from her bitted mouth. But Heidi remained steadfast in her
ponygirl stance, just like she was told to do.

"It won't take long before it begins to feel much better Musk," Sheila
said as she began moving the cold plastic container over the wide red
spot.

Soon Sheila seen Heidi begin to relax her body. She even heard a faint
sound of relief echoing the soothing effect of the cold compresses she was
giving her. When the redness began to fade away that's when she stopped.
Sheila then moved to the front of Heidi and asked her if she wanted a cold
drink of water.

Heidi's response was another eager shaking of her ponygirl's head.

Sheila told her what to do like she did Katie. Then she gave her all the
water that she wanted. Which was just short of emptying the bottle. Sheila
then put everything off to the side and took her teaching position back in
front of the girls.

"Ok ponygirls, now that we have established a good working relationship of
trainer and ponies. "AND", you know how to position yourself into the
proper ponygirl stance."

Katie and Heidi did a little fidgeting as they put the final touches on
their pony stance.

"Let's move on to the next lesson. This one is about prancing."

Before Sheila could say another word, she heard the door behind her begin
to open. As she turned around to check she saw Ms. Davenport and Sir
Winfred walking into the room. She took a quick look at her watch and seen
that about an hour and a half had gone by since they left.

Sheila was nervous. She was also very eager to show her two mentors what
had accomplished while they were gone. She hoped that it would impress
them, especially Sir Winfred, but one never knows about these sort of
things. Being left with no real structured goal in mind always made things
difficult. What she thought constituted the proper ponygirl stance might
not be what Sir Winfred wanted. She remembered the slight tiff that
occurred yesterday when Sir Winfred had something in mind that was
different than her lady boss did in regards to the type of ponygirl outfit
the girls were to wear. So even with such success under her belt, she was
still very nervous.

Sheila turned back around and gave both of her ponygirls a good long look,
making direct eye contact with each of them. No words were spoken, but an
awful lot of information and feeling was transpired between them and her.
All of which could be stated in just five words, 'Stay on your toes
ponygirls!'

Judith cleared a spot on the table that they had tea on earlier so Sir
Winfred could place his box on it. It was a fairly large box, about twice
the size of the proverbial bread box with a couple of leather straps
hanging out of it. Once that was settled into place the couple moved over
to where Sheila was standing.

"So young lady, how have you been progressing," Sir Winfred asked as he
noticed, with some degree of surprise, that both girls were standing still
without being tethered.

"Please Sir Winfred," Sheila announced as she moved her hand out as an
invitation to check them out for himself.

Sir Winfred walked up to Katie first and ran his eyes up and down her
taught form. As he walked to her right side he put his hand to his face as
if in contemplation, and again checked her statue like pose with a fine
eye.

He reached out to her head and cupped her chin with his fingers. He was
making a minor adjustment in the girl's head position moving it up a mer
fraction of an inch. That's when his other hand came into play too. He was
touching her all over her body now as if he was checking this and crossing
out that on a mental list he had running through his head.

At first Sheila was worried by all the touching he was doing. But when she
saw that any changes he made were so minor in context that's when she felt
more at ease. It was as if his movements were more out of habit than out
of correction.

He was beginning to move to Heidi when he suddenly stopped in his tracks
and returned his gaze back on Katie. He was behind her and just staring at
her back as if deep in thought. Then he abruptly took hold of the black
dildoe that was coming out of Katie's butt and gave it a good twist.

It caught Katie totally off guard as her body jerked and she let out with
a little squeak. But she still remained true to form. Staying in her pony
stance throughout the anal screwing episode.

Again, Sir Winfred produced a surprise look on his face. It was in
confirmation to what he was just thinking about. It struck him kind of
strange that Katie was very well behaved when he was touching her like he
was. A dramatic difference from before when she was squirming, resisting
and audible garbling out "Don't touch me!" throughout her ordeal with him.
But now she was acting like a well train submissive, an obedient slave to
any dominating force to come her way. And it only took Sheila a little
over an hour to preform this magical transformation too. Now "that" really
caught his attention.

He let go of the dildoe with a slowness that made Sheila wonder what he
was thinking about. His action was a surprise to her too. 'Thank goodness
Jasmine had the where with all to stay in her ponygirl mode,' she thought
to herself. Sheila began to fidget with her ridding crop out of
nervousness when she seen Sir Winfred turned his attention to Heidi.

Sir Winfred was eyeing up the other girl now, the aromatic one, the more
rebellious of the two. His eyes caught what looked like a faded red mark
on her right butt cheek. He placed his hand gently over it and then
smiled. It was warm. He then removed his hand and took a good long look at
the other butt cheek. There was a noticeable difference between the two.
Then he began his mental check list with Heidi, being a bit more
enthusiastic with his touch on this girl than the other.

Again, he was surprised in how well the girl remained in pose. Oh there
was a soft moan here when he fondled the girl's big beautiful breasts, and
a small instinctive body jerk there when he fingered the girl's clit hood
piercing. But those were understandable. He just could not get over the
change in both girls demeanor.

He knew, from the heated red mark, that Sheila used the crop on at least
one of them and that seemed very limited, in his perspective. But other
than that, he did not see anything, even remotely representative, in the
exclusive use of the stick approach to produce such outstanding well
behaved ponygirls. But there was one way he could tell for sure. A way
that a man of his vast experience could easily tell straight off.

He thus began a slow walk across the front of the girls, stopping when he
was directly in front of each one and then staring directly into their
eyes. That's how he could tell if the results obtained were truly via a
ponderous use of the stick or carrot approach.

When he had finished, he turned away from the girls including Sheila and
Judith and just stood there for a moments rubbing his chin and looking
into space.

It seemed all four women were on edge. Sheila the most, the two ponygirls
next and then Judith. Judith had a little more knowledge than the other
three about what was going on inside Sir Winfred's mind. She surmised that
he was determining if Sheila truly had "that something special" or not.
And that's why she was anxious to hear what he had to say next.

"Sheila," Sir Winfred said as he turned and walked over to her side, "how
did you arrive at this particular ponygirl stance?"

Sheila had an unexpected look of dread on her face. It was only momentary
though. She remembered to act professional in the presents of such a
renowned man as Sir Winfred. So she cleared her throat, took a deep breath
and then gave her reasons for it straight away.

"I choose this pose based on what I have read and seen, in pictures, on
the subject of ponygirls. If there is anything you wish to change or
modify Sir . . ."

"No, no, no my dear. I was just wondering how you came to thing of it. It
is one of the most desirable poses used in ponygirl training. Having the
legs aligned together in a straight strong stance gives one the feeling of
power under competent control. The slight curve in the spine with the
pronounced projection of the chest and breasts gives the ponygirl that
soft feminine eye catching aura. And the head, held high with eyes looking
straight, that my dear is pure pride. It looks like you have accomplished
much in such a short time my dear. Well done Sheila, or should I say
ponygirl trainer Sheila."

Sheila was all smiles. This is what she longed to hear, to have the
approval of Sir Winfred. And now that she had it, she seemed ready to bust
wide open. Then something got to her. She didn't know why she said it,
after all, she already had his approval. But she felt she had to take it
one more step, just to really show him how successful she really was.

"There's more Sir Winfred, if you care to see." She tried to act
professional, but she was riding the wave of euphoria and could not help
flash a glowing smile at Sir Winfred.

Sir Winfred was taken aback as his eyes went big with a slight cock of his
head. He too tried to repress a smile, but seeing the joyful light in
Sheila eyes, he just could not prevent it from forming. It was now his
turn to make a slight wave of a hand as if to say please go ahead. Judith
just stood on the other side of Sheila, quiet and watching intently as her
assistant had full control of the situation.

Sheila nodded her head in kind and then took a regal pose to address Katie
and Heidi. She was about to speak when she saw the eyes of both girls
fastened on her riding crop. The same crop that she was mindlessly
bouncing the end of in her other hand.

She surmised that such an action could be seen as threatening to the two
girls. And if the girls could focus on it, so could Sir Winfred. He might
think that she had to use the stick approach, exclusively, to force the
girls into the proper pony stance. So she quickly placed the riding crop
out of the girls sight behind her back. Then once the girls had their
calmer eyes on her again. That's when she began to speak.

"Jasmine," Sheila said in a composed voice that had a slight hint of
friendliness to it, "do you consider yourself, lucky, to have the chance
to be a ponygirl at Madame Rouso's party tomorrow?"

All three pairs of eyes were riveted on Katie, Sir Winfred's, Judith's and
of course Sheila's, who's heart was pounding a mile a minute.

Katie continued to keep her eyes on Sheila, with an occasional glance over
to Sir Winfred and Judith. She could feel the duality welling up inside of
her. If she thought like a human being, it was deep humiliation. But if
she thought like a pony, it was an exciting desire to preform with pride.
The moment of indecision as to which to bring forth was reached when she
shook her head like she was trained to. Just like a happy eager submissive
ponygirl.

Sheila didn't bother to turn and address Sir Winfred when she heard him
whispered "By George!" Or to Ms. Davenport when she heard a soft feminine
gasp coming just behind her right shoulder. She just closed her eyes and
smiled, relishing the glory of the moment.

After a second or two, when she regained her calm composure, or something
akin to it. She addressed Heidi with that same at ease benevolent tone of
voice.

"Musk, if I asked you if you were proud to be a ponygirl too, I bet you
would agree with your sister Jasmine here. But can you do it with a bit
more audible enthusiasm?"

A pair of shocking stares went directly to Heidi, while a somewhat
confident, but very anxious, Sheila continued to look at her other
ponygirl, Musk.

Heidi did a little fidgeting in her arm sheath. She never did look away
from Sheila like Katie did. And in her look there was no anger or fear in
it. Nor was there any love in it either. It was just a simple look of
complacency. Nothing fanatical or joyously so. Just a look that had
perhaps a tiny little spark of pride hiding in it. And that was enough for
Heidi to shake her head like Katie did, with the addition of a splendid
whinny to make the point that her trainer was looking for.

Again, Sheila heard her male mentor echo his pleasant surprise by saying
"My word!" in that unique English way of his. And Judith too gave her
pleasing support as she grabbed Sheila's shoulders from behind in an
affectionate way and then whispered in her hear, "exceptionally well done
my dear, bravo!"

That's when Sheila moved her head over to Judith and whispered back,
"there's still more." To which Judith let out with an amazed "Ohh" sound
and then let go of her assistant's shoulders to take her position back off
to her side.

Sheila had one more trick up her sleeve. One more glowing tribute to her
success at being a first time trainer of ponygirls. It was daring,
unproven, and just the thought of it was making her curl her toes in
questioning anxiety. But if it was a success, then it would be the
proverbial cherry on the cake. But if it wasn't? She still felt like she
just had to try it!

She looked at both girls before her, deciding who would be the correct
recipient of her command. At first, instinctively, she thought it would be
Heidi, her favorite. But upon further thought, the poor girl had been
through a lot all ready and she didn't want to push her luck, she was
doing enough of that already. So she picked Katie.

"Jasmine"

Katie quickly picked up her head and thrust out her chest just a little
bit more.

"Why don't you show Ms. Davenport and Sir Winfred how smart you really
are. Tell them how much one plus two is."

Katie wrinkled her brow in thought. 'How could telling them the answer to
such a simple problem show them how . . .' Katie's thought ended abruptly.
She was thinking like a human being again and not a ponygirl. If she was
thinking like a pony then the answer would be obvious, just do it.

So she raised her right leg slowly and then brought it down in front of
her with a thud. She did this two more times to show them that one plus
two equals three.

Sir Winfred was down right flabbergasted. Judith was totally awestruck.
It took a second or two after seeing what was totally unexpected and
beyond Judith's and Sir Winfred's dreams before Sheila heard one and then
two pairs of hands clapping. Then came the verbal sounds of
congratulations for Sheila.

"Sheila!" Sir Winfred stated with fervor. "That was simply phenomenal! I
never thought you could take them so far in their dressage in such a short
amount of time. Come to the table with Ms. Davenport and myself. Let us
three discuss plans for tomorrows unveiling at Madame Rouso's Xmas party.
A party where "YOU" my dear Sheila will be the coachwoman for Madame
Rouso's sleigh. If that is all right with Ms. Davenport here."

Judith gave her glowing consent as soon as Sir Winfred had said it.

It was Sheila's turn to be stun into silence. It was like a dream come
true. She had never been to Madame Rouso's estate and only once did she
have the pleasure of her company. And that was for a very short time. It
occurred during one of her rare visits to the underground complex well
over a year ago. But in that time Sheila was taken with the woman's
charismatic personality. She seemed to be a person who had successfully
integrated her drive for dominance with her sensuous femininity while
still holding onto her benevolent humanity. At least that's how Sheila saw
her.

Sir Winfred then motioned for Judith and Sheila to lead the way back to
the table. But Sheila told her two mentors that she would meet them there
after hitching up Katie and Heidi.

She went to where she threw their leashes and picked them up again. She
then walked over to her prized pair, and fasten them to a ring in the
their belts. She pulled them over to that bar again and then addressed
them in a hushed whisper.

"You were both excellent in front of Ms. Davenport and Sir Winfred. Musk,
your whinny was perfect! And Jasmine, I must admit, I had my fingers
crossed when I asked you that question. But you came through for me one
hundred percent. You both came across as proud, well trained ponygirls,
just what they were looking for. You both deserve a great reward for that.
And one you will get at lunch time. And I might add," Sheila was now
tieing the other end of their leases onto the bar, this time leaving
enough slack in it for them to move around a bit while standing up, "if
your behavior continues to be this obedient, I know that you will be
rewarded most deservingly so by Ms. Davenport too. So be good ponygirls!"

With that, Sheila gave each of the girls a kiss on the cheek and a tender
caress of their breasts before leaving.

Again, Katie and Heidi responded well to the compliments and even to the
kiss on the cheek. But having their breasts fondle made them feel a bit
strange. It felt good and all, but again, neither were lesbians. But they
did seem to be adapting well to their new found submissiveness.

As Sheila made her way to the table. Katie and Heidi made eye contact with
one another. They tried to whisper to one another in order to communicate,
but that damn rubber bit only slurred their words and made them drool all
the more. What needed to be said would have to be conveyed by their eyes
and a little body language. And that was summed up in only one word,
support.

Support for finding the strength to endure what they had gone through so
far and will continue to go through in the next day and a half. Support
for not being judgemental in what they had to do in this bizarre Alice in
Wonderland environment. And support in that no matter what did happen,
they will continue to be the dear close friends that they had alwyas been.

Katie and Heidi settled themselves down, actually finding some solace in
leaning up against one another. Again they flexed their arms muscles in
their leather sheaths, but this time it was purely for comfort and not to
escape. Just like their gnawing of their rubber bits. They did it to find
a more favorable position instead of using them as recipients of their
building stress like a boxer would with a punching bag. Both girls had
changed in how they saw things now. A change for the better? They both
hoped so.

The three seated at the table were right in the middle of a toast. The tea
was cold and hardly enough for two let alone three of them. But Sir
Winfred did have some of his excellent sipping whiskey on hand in his ever
present silver container. So he dispensed some of that amongst the two
special ladies on either side of him and to himself on this celebrated
moment.

"To the future ladies! May all our dreams during this festive time of year
come true."

All three raised their fragile china cups on high with joyful hearts and
partook eagerly in Sir Winfred's heavy brew. They were all united in their
cause, and the fellowship that resulted from it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 9 coming soon.

Judith's time for reflection

Stay tune!




This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.




                           "'Tis the Season"


                  The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia"


                               by Musker



                               (part 9)


                   "And what do you want for Xmas?"


Judith was sitting back in her chair. She was staring at her computer
screen in her office. The office that was above ground and part of the
fashionable boutique. She was watching her many e-mail messages being
downloaded. Or so it looked that way.

She had a cup of coffee in her hands and brought it to her lips for a sip.
The fine aromatic brew caught her awareness before that first luscious
taste. She needed that coffee about now. That two matinee lunch was
catching up to her and she thought a cup of java would curtail some of
it's effects. But too much alcohol was not the only thing that stayed with
her after dining out with Sir Winfred. So did their conversation.

She put her cup down and typed in some characters. A new window popped up
asking for a password. She typed in something short and pushed enter. In a
flash, a video was playing. A real time video of what was going on in the
training room. Sheila and the two ponygirls were there, but Sir Winfred
was sadly missing.

'That's odd' she thought. Then she remembered him saying that he was going
to stop off at her workshop. He wanted to see if the training sulky was
ready for him. And obviously it wasn't.

Judith took another sip of her most welcome coffee while she watched her
assistant at work. She smiled to herself when she thought of Sheila as her
assistant. Based on Sheila's exhibition of those two ponygirls prior to
their lunch, she could hardly call Sheila her assistant anymore. Something
that Sir Winfred heartily agreed with during their meal in that quaint
little restaurant they went to.

Sir Winfred was one who didn't mince words when he had something important
on his mind. And as soon as he had his first satisfying taste of that
fifty year old scotch, he went right to the subject at hand.

"She's got it," was all he said, in a voice that was as bold and asserted
as the look on his face.

Judith watched Sheila as she finished up on Heidi and then went to
strapping up Katie. She was using the leather harnesses that Sir Winfred
brought to her earlier. It wasn't anything special. That was saved for
tomorrow. It was the standard body harness rig to keep a girl's lower arms
folded on top of one another, wrist to elbow, behind her back in what
looked like a "U" shape. Then there were several more torso straps added
to it in order to keep the girl's arms pinned like that most decisively.

When Sir Winfred explained to her what "having it" really meant, she found
herself chuckling out loud. Of course Sheila had that! Anyone who was into
the genera had to "love" it, or else they wouldn't be in it for heaven
sakes. It was an "either" "or" situation. One either loved it or hated the
lifestyle. Or so that's what she thought. That's when Sir Winfred
explained to her what he really meant by the word "love".

Judith worked with the mouse to zoom in on Sheila's image. She wanted to
see if she could possibly detect it in her face as she was busy fitting
the body harness to Katie like an experienced tailor who loved his work.

"That's it," she said to herself. It wasn't just in her face, which had
that little pixie grin that always seemed to be there. It was in her
entire body. The way she moved with an eager joy. The spryness in her
step. The energetic and broad sweeping motions in her arms and hands. And
the varied, animated, facial expressions gleaming from her as if she were
an actress on a stage. Except for Sheila, it was never an act. Which was
another characteristic that showed how much she loved her work. She was
always honest and trusting, with herself and others. Which, as Sir Winfred
put it, was the literal foundation of being in deep romantic love with
someone, or thing.

She clicked the screen back into normal view as she sat back in her chair.
With coffee in hand, she continued to watch as Sheila fitted Katie with
the bridal. Judith was fascinated with how gentle Sheila was in placing
the mired of straps over the girl's cover head. And then how focussed and
determined she was in buckling one strap after another, never moving to
the next before the first was seated firmly in place. When it was time to
place a thin rubber covered metal bit into the girl's mouth, she did so
with the professionalism of a highly skilled oral surgeon. So meticulous
was Sheila with strapping it into the correct position that she seen Katie
roll her eyes from Sheila's constant fidgeting to get it right. Something
that made Judith smile with fond memories of herself way back when.

Judith seen a lot of herself in Sheila, which caused her to feel all the
more uneasy when she remembered what Sir Winfred wanted to do. He was
right though, about his idea benefiting her as well him. And of course
Sheila too.

He was definitely right about the love observation that's for sure. What
Sheila had was no where near being the superficial, sexual, infatuation of
two gooey eyed loved sick teenagers. Sheila had that deep understanding
and intense dedication to the artform that Sir Winfred, The Count and even
she had within them. She was truly in love with what she was doing. And as
Sir Winfred once said, that is something very rare and hard to find in
today's world, even between two people.

That is why his suggestion made it very difficult for Judith. How could
she bare to loose someone as special as Sheila? She already had plans for
her. To promote her and give her much more power and responsibility in the
operations of her underground complex.

But, Sir Winfred's idea was far better for all parities concerned, not to
mention being very lucrative for herself. It would also be a tremendous
learning experience for Sheila as well, going to England and being
apprenticed to Sir Winfred. Not that she was in so dire need of training
to begin with. Not after what they saw prior to lunch, and what she seen
now as she watched Sheila begin to train the two ponygirls into prancing
correctly.

She turned up the volume on her monitor to hear what she was saying to
them. Right off, Judith could tell how quickly Sheila was developing into
a first class trainer. Her voice had that natural clear dynamic tone of
authority that capture one's attention. Her eye contact was riveting and
pulled the listener in even deeper into her charismatic ways. And her
gestures, and the use of the crop, only added to her controlling
dominating appeal. Judith could watch and listen to Sheila all day long,
just like some people could with the opera, a play or some spell binding
concert.

But what Sir Winfred offered her, to both of them, one could not find
anywhere else in the world. His fine eye for detail was without equal.
His ability to incorporate the least significant bit into an over all
awesome concept was uniquely uncanny. She could not count the number of
little tricks of the trade he had that came with years of experience that
would soon be at Sheila's fingertips. And in thinking of this, Judith
began to envy Sheila. She knew what Sir Winfred was capable of with
regards to the depth and breath of his knowledge and expertise. She too
was shockingly shown the true wealth of creativity that laid silently
within this old man just the other night. And to be the recipient of all
this learned wealth like a lost relative coming into an unknown
inheritance of colossal proportions was something that was beginning to
bring out the little green eyed monster in Judith.

Yes, Judith did envy her former assistant's opportunity to study under the
great Master of the dark art. It was nothing less than a chance of a
lifetime. And one she knew Sheila would make the most of too, just like
she would of had.

But after some deep soul searching, Judith was glad that Sheila was the
one who was going. Even though Sheila and herself had many things in
common, they were still quite different. Just like Madame Rouso was
different from her.

Madame Rouso had always been into things on a massive and powerful scale.
A true empire builder who used the entire world as her stage. Judith was
also into building her own empire. Only she felt more comfortable on a
much smaller canvas. She too wanted to feel the emotional high from being
in control and dominating others like her mentor Madame Rouso did. She
just preferred doing it on a more personal and intimate level that's all.
And Sheila, as best as she could discern, she wanted it too, but on an
even more limited scope. Her forte was based solely on being a gifted
artist, not as a business woman. Which seem to be the key point that
separated and uniquely identified the three of them. Madame Rouso was all
business while Sheila was all art. And Judith, she was somewhere half way
inbetween the two of them.

This is why Sir Winfred's idea was such a good one. He would teach Sheila
all his hidden secretes while Judith would provide the raw material to
which Sheila would hone her developing expertise on. The finish product
would then be shipped back to her, where she would auction it off on her
underground market. It was a win-win situation for all concerned. It might
even work out to the point where she could finally buy out her partner,
Madame Rouso, from her business. Then, the entire above and below ground
organization would be hers. Her first step into building her very own
empire could finally be realized.

Then once Sheila became an accomplished expert in the field, the two of
them could talk about the future. A future cultivated by Judith with
Sheila being the head of another one of her kinky underground departments.
Her empire would grow from there. Not too large, just enough for her name
to be tallied about on the lips of the upper crust along with her mentor.

Judith noticed that Sir Winfred had enter the room, and right behind him
was the pony cart. She moved in closer to her monitor so she could take a
better look at it. It wasn't much to look at and quite simple at that. A
mer "T" shaped bar connect to a small four wheeled cart with a chair
fastened to the center of it. But what it lacked in physical beauty, it
made up for in durability. It was solid, and it would function just like
the sleigh that the ponygirls were to be hooked up to tomorrow night.

Judith took another sip while she observed Sir Winfred and Sheila. He was
showing her how to attach the two pony girls to the "T" bar. Her eyebrows
rose in casual surprise at how well the old English man and his young
female apprentice were able to work together.

Then Judith's computer signaled her that all the e-mail was downloaded.
That's when she placed her cup of coffee down and off to the side, and
then began typing away. She minimized the real time video to the lower
right hand corner on her big screen so as to keep a watchful eye on what
was happening while she answered her mail. She also turned the volume down
to a very low level so their conversation would not disturb her. After
that, she started with her first letter.

And that's how it went for the rest of the day and a good part of the
evening. Judith would answer a few e-mails, preform a few tasks in the
boutique and then take a break to see what was transpiring with her future
partners.

Again, everything seemed to be playing out perfectly. The ponygirls were
apt students in becoming first class domesticated beasts of burden, and
show ponies. Sheila was taking to training ponygirls as a fish did to
water. And Sir Winfred was monitoring the entire process, occasionally
offering a comment here and a recommendation there, as he sat at the table
sipping his wonderful tea. That same tea to which Judith could see him put
in an occasional shot or two of his toasting whisky from time to time.

It was fairly late in the evening when Judith decided to call it quits.
Tomorrow was a very big day and she wanted to get an early start on it. So
the plan was that she would have a late dinner with Sir Winfred and then a
good night's sleep. She shut down her computer and took a casual walk to
the training room below. And as she entered the room it looked to her that
she was not the only one in need of a good night's rest.

The first thing she saw was Sir Winfred sitting at the table. His head was
drooping down upon his chest and he was fast asleep. He looked kind of
cute like that. His wire rimed glasses were low on his nose. His hands
were resting in his lap with a piece of paper barely being held on to by
one of them. And when he took a deep breath, his whole upper body and head
would move up and down like a child's animated toy. Judith could not help
but draw an analogy to a cuddly worn out old teddy bear as she watched him
softly snore away. And when Judith turned her head in the other direction,
she could see Sheila putting the ponygirls through their paces.

Sheila was sitting stoically in the chair. Her posture was as rigid and
formal as the armless straight back wooden chair itself. She held the
reins in both hands with her arms bent at the elbows and upper arms out in
front of her. She was looking very professional in her role as both
trainer and future sleigh driver.

As the trio began to make a turn, Judith could see Sheila pulling gently
on one side of the control reins. She was pleasantly surprise in how well,
and quickly, Sheila had taught the two girls to respond to the reins. And
the longer she watched the prancing pair, the more excited she became at
how well they imitated the movements of a couple of well trained show
ponies to a "T".

The greatest thing that stood out for the amazed Judith was how the two
ponygirls were in perfect sync with one another. Each raising and lowering
the exact corresponding leg in their parading movements as if there was a
psychic connection between them. It was so precise, that when she heard
their high heel shoes hit the wooden floor it sounded like it was really
only one shoe doing it. And their execution of the prancing movement was
beautiful to watch. Two legs coming up until their upper thighs were
absolutely horizontal and their lower legs straight at exactly ninety
degrees to their upper ones.

They did not move very fast, but that wasn't the idea. Their purpose was
to move with grace and pride, both of which was echoed tremendously with
their steady, held fast, upper body carriage. Spine straight, shoulder
back, chest thrust forward and their heads held up on high. Judith could
not get over the transformation in the two girls. Just yesterday they were
a couple of sloppily dressed mischievous young women lacking in manners
with no respect for others. Today, they were a pair of highly structure,
well controlled and very obedient young ladies who showed immense pride in
preforming as well trained ponygirls.

As the trio came close, Judith could feel her heart pounding in her chest.
It was the same feeling she had when she was a little girl standing on the
curb of the street watching and listening to a marching band as they
paraded on by. Her eyes went big and bright when she pictured the trained
pair in their ponygirl outfits in her minds eye.

They were going to be fantastic! Madame Rouso was going to love them to no
end. And as the high stepping pair passed her by, she could hear Sheila
talking to them in a pleasing metronome kind of voice to keep them in
sync. She was building them up emotionally, feeding their souls with
praise and confidence as they stayed true to form with eyes looking
straight ahead and bodies full of shapely pride.

She made eye contact with Sheila in the short time they had before she too
passed her by. She winked at her, and Sheila winked back, after forming a
very wide happy smile that seemed to match the sun in brightness. And as
the trio continued to travel in their figure eight pattern, Judith noticed
how adorable the rear ends of the two ponygirls were moving from side to
side. A nice little touch that she knew had to come from the meistro of
ponygirl training himself. That little trick was going to look just
wonderful when their tails were added tomorrow.

Judith took a look at her watch. If she was going to be loyal to her plan
she had to get going. So she walked over to the slumbering virtuoso and
nudged his arm a little to wake him up.

It didn't take much before the gray haired sleeping beauty was regaining
consciousness. He had a look about him that made one think that he was
surprised to have fallen asleep. Then he made the childish excuse of only
resting his eyes for a second or two as if to admit the truth of his tired
old age might be an embarrassment to him.

Judith leaned in close to him and whisper into his ear. She told him how
delighted she was with the outcome of the prancing ponygirls. When she
seen him rocking in his chair with a smile on his face echoing how
delighted he was in hearing that, she then suggested her plan to him. To
take him to dinner and then get a good nights rest for tomorrow.

Sir Winfred took only a minute to agree with her. Then he began rubbing
the sand out of his eyes as he tried to come to full alert. Something that
was a bit hard for him because of his age, and, the few shots of whisky he
was still trying to shake off.

Judith walked over to the middle of the room to where she would meet
Sheila. She wanted to inform her of their plans and for her to call it an
early night as well.

Judith could see Sheila looking to where she was standing and then
surmising from it that she wanted to talk with her. She then watched
Sheila gently guided the ponygirls by their control reins over to where
she was.

When the trio was about there Judith could see Sheila gingerly pulling
back on the reins to bring the ponygirls to a slow controlled stop. Sir
Winfred no doubt told her not to make any abrupt stops, or starts for that
matter, because of the mass and momentum of the sleigh, which the cart
duplicated quite well. For doing so might cause an accident or serious
damage to the ponygirls in the process.

Again, Judith was happily excited to see how well the two girls handled
being brought up on the reins to a stop. When their heads were suddenly
tilted back from the initial pull, there was an immediate reaction in them
to fight back. But the battle was not one of rebellion and anger to being
controlled like an animal at the end of a leash. The fight was against the
natural force of the cart to move forward. Their entire bodies seem to be
involved in getting that cart to slow down and stop. And the amazing part
of it was in how controlled and in sync the girls were even in this part
of their training.

Their formalized high stepping legs quickly dampened down into a powerful
resilient almost dragging force that was extensively concentrated in their
lower torso and straining shapely legs. There was even some ineffective
jerkiness in their chests and heads that echoed this focused determined
resistance to being pushed forward. But that seemed to make their overall
effort as ponygirls all the more glorious to watch.

The cart did come to a stop though. And as Judith surmised, it stopped
right where Sheila wanted it to. With the cart right next to her so both
of them could converse easily.

After congratulating Sheila with such excellent results, Judith took a
quick look to the front where the ponygirls where. She was astonished to
see them standing there, in ponygirl stance, with bodies holding still and
heads held high and proud. Judith just shook her head in awe. It appeared
that the near, and distant, future was looking very rosy indeed. Then she
turned her attention back to Sheila and told her what her immediate plans
were. She also suggested that she and the ponygirls do the same thing,
considering how long they stayed up last night and the intensity of their
workout today.

Sheila agreed and told her that after a few more minutes she would clean
and feed the ponygirls and then put to them to bed.

When Sheila mentioned bed, Judith had an idea. She told Sheila that
because of the great results, all three of them deserve a reward. She told
Sheila that she was free to use the executive spa with all it's amenities,
including the professional masseuse named Fritz, and the two ponygirls
could be put into "the case" for the night.

After receiving a most gracious thank you in return, Judith turned and
went to collect Sir Winfred. She thought that "the case" would be a most
effected way of rewarding the two girls for doing such an outstanding job
in their training.

As she approached Sir Winfred, who was having some difficulty putting on
his coat, she had to giggle to herself when she thought of "the case"
again.

The case was invented by her and some of her staff for the work units in
response to some work units falling into a state of unhappiness. She knew
the life of a work unit could be depressing at times. So she and her staff
created something that would put a little bit of a smile on their tired
submissive faces.

It was nothing more than a cross between a water bed and a jacuuze. The
work unit would lie down in this rectangular box shaped bed and as she
did, her body would sink almost all the way into the water supporting
latex like fabric. A special black mask, without eye holes, would then be
placed over her entire face. It was very supple and soft, and had a very
cool soothing effect on the skin. The only minor discomfort was the
breathing tube that they had to keep in their mouths while they were
wearing it.

Once that was done and the work unit was lying still with her arms and
legs separated from her body in a comfortable position, the lid of the box
was brought down over her and latched into place. And that is why it was
called "the case", because from the outside it looked like one of those
hard, impenetrable, industrial, aluminum transporting cases.

When the lid came down into place, a thin layer of that same latex like
material came with it. And along with that, water was being pumped into
the upper lid to give the work unit the serene secure feeling of being
back in the womb again. But that was only temporary. When a switch was
thrown, all the air between the two thin sheets was sucked out and the
work unit was vacuumed pack within it like a piece of processed meat.
Thus the reason for the breathing tube.

Any desire to escape on the part of the work unit was soon put to rest,
once the girl found out how difficult it was to simply move about. But the
terror of being placed in complete darkness, unable to move or talk, with
the only life line to the outside world being a small breathing tube was
soon washed away when a series of computer controlled water jets were
turned on.

What those jets did to the human body was nothing more than orgasmic,
literally! Not only did they relax the body and give sore muscles that
deep soothing massage that they were in dire need of, but they could also
bring the most frigid non-orgasmic woman to the absolute best mind
boggling, body shaking orgasm on the face of the earth. More than once!
Or, if a malfunction should happened like during the prototype stage, put
that same woman on the razor's edge of obtaining that most saute after
feeling of ecstasy for time ever lasting.

Again, it was built solely for the pleasure of the work units. But Judith
did have a special project on the drawing board. A project to specifically
use that same device for something that had a bit more sadistic evil in
it's sexual satisfying repertoire.

As Judith helped Sir Winfred on with his coat and then hat, she could see
Sheila making that final turn at the far side of the room. 'Pity' she
thought to herself as she contemplated how much fun the three of them
could have with those two ponygirls when they were sealed inside "the
case" later. The prototype one with all those delicious special features
that were almost completely installed.

Then she felt Sir Winfred take hold of her arm as he steadied himself on
his own two legs and sturdy umbrella. She smiled and then help guide the
old Englishman to the door and then out to dinner. She knew once she got
some good warm food in his jolly old belly that he would be as right as
rain. And after a nice quiet meal she could escort him to his hotel and
then the two could go their own ways and to bed. The night would soon be
over with and the day would bring with it something entirely new. The
least of which would be the complete transformation of those two young
women into Sir Winfred's idea of the perfect ponygirls. Now there was
something that she could not wait to see.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 10 coming soon.

It's D-day! And Sir Winfred's concept ponygirl's come to life!

Stay tune!




This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.




                           "'Tis the Season"


                  The finale to "Omens" and "Cornucopia"


                               by Musker



                               (part 10)


              "Don we now our gay apparel, tra la la . . ."


This was the day!

The above ground boutique was busy, even more so because of the time of
year. Both customers and staff were more energetic than normal as they
meandered about in a feverish pace looking for that perfect gift or that
one fashionable outfit. Both had their long list of "things to do" and
both were doing their best to get it all done in one day.

But, as busy as the boutique was, the underground complex was bustling
with activity that would make a hornet's nest look like a relaxing day at
the health spa. People, work units, technicians and even the happy-go-
lucky efficient bimbo receptionist Trixie were all working at top speed.

Tonight was the night of Madame Rouso's Xmas party and virtually everyone
had some part to play in getting it ready. Be it the assembly, packaging
or shipping of gifts to put under Madame's most famous Xmas tree, or they
were getting ready themselves as bound serving wenches, helper's behind
the scenes or simply invited guests as was the case for Judith, Sir
Winfred and Sheila. Although Sheila's presents was more related to a
specific task, which put her in that special hybrid category of helper and
honored guest.

Katie and Heidi were also in a special category as well. That being
obedient, well trained and dazzling to the eye show ponies. Although right
now they looked more like scrumptious slabs of beef on a hook than
anything remotely prestigious as show ponies.

Sheila had them standing naked with their arms held taught over their
heads. Their wrists were attached to the ends of a wide spreader bar that
was in turn hanging from the ceiling at it's center. In their mouths was a
simple white cleaved gag. Nothing more than a clean twisted strip of cloth
placed deep between their teeth and tied at the back of their shiny bald
heads. The gag was far more symbolic than practical and it reminded the
girls to keep quiet while they were being prepared. Or would be prepared,
if Sir Winfred ever got there.

Sheila was pacing like a wild tiger in a small cage. To say she was
nervous would be an understatement. She got the girls up late in the
morning, making sure they were both well rested for the long night ahead.
And once they were up, and before getting them cleaned and feed, Sheila
put them through another practice session.

Again, their performance was exceptional. And again, Judith was watching
them from a monitor in her office. She had planned not to get involved,
since she had a mired of things to do herself before the most celebrated
occasion, but she did notice that Sheila was becoming a bit intense in her
final practice session. It wasn't anything too severe though. Sheila just
needed a little support, a calming word or two. Something along the lines
of, 'That's enough now Sheila. It's time to sit and wait. Just believe in
yourself and your well trained ponygirls. Everything is going to work out
just fine.'

And that's what Judith did. She went down to the training room and told
Sheila exactly that. To which Sheila agreed with her, reluctantly, but she
did agree. Then she lunged at Judith and gave her a big tight bear hug for
all she was worth.

Judith was momentary caught off guard and almost stumbled backwards from
the unexpected force. And when she felt Sheila's trembling body next to
hers, she could not help but be moved by it. She placed her arms around
the frighten young woman and tried to comfort her. The longer she held her
and talked to her, with encouraging caring words, the stronger she felt
her eager assistant become. And soon the trembling stopped altogether.

It was a very special moment between the two of them. One that Judith
found herself wiping a tear from her own eye when she remembered a similar
situation between herself and her Aunt many years ago. A memory that was
made even more heart wrenching when she thought about loosing Sheila to
Sir Winfred in only a few days time. But life was like that. In order to
grow, one had to venture out into the new and different. It was
emotionally trying sometimes for both the person leaving and those who
remained in their absence, but that's how life is. Then Judith wondered if
this was how her Aunt felt when she went to spend time with Madame Rouso
many years ago.

Then Judith's rational mind took over and she purposefully broke the
physical and emotional bond between them. She suggested to Sheila that she
should use the extra time to get the ponygirls ready for Sir Winfred.
Considering that their recent workout resulted in a most unpleasant smell
emanating from the performing pair. Besides, both Katie and Heidi looked
as if they could do with some good nutrition about now. Something tasty,
and with staying power, for the long evening ahead.

So Sheila gladly followed Judith's wise recommendation as if it was a
command etched in stone. She put Katie and Heidi through the automated
wash to clean them up good, both inside and out. Then she gave them
something to eat that she knew would last for the long haul. A combination
of nuts, grains and fruit, which she had them eat out of a trough so they
would remember to stay in ponygirl mode. And after her obedient pair were
cleaned and feed, she gagged them and strung them up in the training room.
That's when all three began waiting patiently for Sir Winfred, or in
Sheila's case as close to it as possible.

One of the major reasons for Sheila's nervousness was because she had no
idea how long it would take to outfit the girls in their ponygirl
costumes. Or, how long it would take to travel the distance to Madame
Rouso's Estate.

The little table that once held the delicate tea set was replaced with one
that was much wider and longer now. And on top of it was a vast assortment
of gear and such that the strung up girls would soon be wearing.

Sheila knew what most of it was. The heavy rigid corsets, belts, collars,
straps and even the pair of interesting ponygirl suits that hung on
hangers off to the side. And the more she looked at it all, the more she
wondered if she might start dressing the girls to get things rolling at
least. But then there was those other things. Those few articles that
remained a mystery to her, like the horse bits.

Again she found herself inspecting them with great curiosity. On the one
hand, it appeared to be like any other horse bit that went deep into a
ponygirl's mouth. And once there, it was harnessed up to the bridal
through the metal loops at both ends. But on the other hand, two area's of
it looked very different.

Overall it was a simple, small diameter, chrome plated, metal rod with
polished bent rings at both ends. There were two areas on it that Sheila
surmised were the spots where the ponygirl's back molars would come in
contact with it. Thus, the reason for the rubber-like substance she found
there, so it would cushion and protect the teeth from the metal rod. But
it was that same rubbery areas that confused her the most.

For one thing, it extended practically all the way out to where the rings
began, which meant it would go pass the lips of the ponygirl. And for
another, this coated area was not made symmetrical around the rod. It was
built up on one side, giving it an oval shape in cross section, with the
metal rod placed almost to the very edge of one of the rounded ends. With
these two raised area's on it, it almost looked as if it had a "this side
up" installation to it.

Sheila put the strange looking bit back down on the table and then looked
up and in the direction of the ponygirl suits. Her mind remembered what
they felt like and the material still puzzled her. As did the labels on
each. Why was one labeled "Jasmine" and the other "Musk" when both girls
were basically the same height and weight? Especially when she could see
no real difference in the style or color of the garments to begin with.

There were other questions roaming around in her head too, which only made
her more nervous and less likely to start anything without Sir Winfred's
consent. So again, her desire to begin was frustrated with thoughts of
'You should wait' that caused her to pace back and forth with ever
increasing anxiety.

Then, with her back to the door, she thought she heard the door knob turn.

Quickly she turned around and caught sight of the old English man coming
through the door.

"Please forgive my lateness Sheila," he said with a noticeable huffing and
puffing in his voice, "I needed to stop for something before coming to the
complex. My dear old friend promised me that it would be finished on time,
but I should have known better. Age does take it's toll on one's body,
even though one is stubborn enough to think the opposite. But then again,
I should be glad that he finished it at all."

He raised it up in front of him so Sheila could see it after he closed the
door behind him. It was a small, elongated, wooden box about the size of a
loaf of bread, but only half as tall. He placed it well in the center of
the table as Sheila approached her esteem mentor and offered to take his
coat and hat.

He thanked her generously, being in the good mood that he was, and then
handed over his coat, hat and ever present umbrella to her. She in turn
went to hang said items on the human coat rack at the far corner of the
room. And as Sheila traveled to and fro, she could not stop from glaring
at that dark wooden box that Sir Winfred brought with him.

'Whatever could be so important inside that thing as to delay such an
important project at hand,' she thought to herself. Then the loud voice of
the old English man shocked her out of her inner thoughts and redirected
her attention to him.

"All right my dear, let's get to work."

Sir Winfred clapped his hands together with fervor and then rubbed them
vigorously as if anxious to get started.

"We have a lot of ground to cover and my lateness, I fear, did not help
matters."

He then turned to look at where Katie and Heidi were standing, or half
hanging.

"If you would my dear, would you raise them up a little. At least until
the heels of their feet are off the ground."

Immediately the two girls had worried looks on their faces. Faces that
quickly turned to where their female trainer was for support, like they
were trained to. But when their pitiful eyes were staring off in the last
direction they saw her, she was no longer there. That's when they heard
the familiar noise of the motorized wench starting up. Followed by the
pull on their wrists and arms upwards.

As they were being raised, Sir Winfred walked over to the first closest
girl, which was Katie. As he approached her, he detected something
distinct in the air. It was a fragrance that he seemed to recognize, but
had a hard time placing. It wasn't until he was practically right on top
of the girl and taking a full hearty whiff that the name instantly popped
into his mind.

"It's Jasmine," He exclaimed out loud. Then he took a couple of steps over
to where Heidi was rising to the occasion and with his eyes closed took
another good long whiff.

A big wide smile formed upon his happy face as he recognized this one
right off. And with one audible word he joyfully echoed his discovery of
that most erotic aroma, "Musk!"

"Well done my dear," he commented with cheer while looking across the room
to where Sheila was standing at the switch.

Sheila in turn lit up like a light bulb. She simply loved getting those
favorable comments from her all inspiring foreign mentor.

A few seconds later Sir Winfred motioned for Sheila to stop the wench. The
two girls were stretched out quite well now with only their toes touching
the floor. It took little effort on Sir Winfred's part to quickly inspect
the girls like a butcher with a prize side of beef. He spun them around
like tops, first one way, then the other. He rubbed their skins briskly,
manhandled their flesh with gusto and even checked their two lower
orifices with great detailed interest. One of which already had a hollow
plug in it as it waited patiently for it's pony tail mate. At the end of
the girls examination, he turned each of them so neither one was facing
the table nor could they see what was happening to the other.

"Now Sheila, I will work on Jasmine here while you work on Musk. This way
we will divide the work load between us and you will be able to learn
first hand by doing what needs to be done."

With that said, Sir Winfred picked up the two corsets from the table and
handed one of them to Sheila.

Sheila unraveled the weighty thing with all those laces sticking
haphazardly out of it. Then she made some minor adjustments in it to get
it ready for her favorite ponygirl.

She found it to be a little different than the standard hour glass shaped
corsets that were standard issue for all the work units. It was still made
out of the same heavy cotton material like the others were, along with the
many steel stays running through it's length for proper figure control.
But instead of the smooth flowing slow concave curves of a sexy hour
glass, this one had a very distinct "V" shape to it.

As she was fitting it around Heidi's middle she noticed how the corset was
cut short at the bottom. There was hardly any flaring, shaping or rounding
of the material over the girl's hips what so ever. And once she had the
entire hook-eye front attached in place, she could easily see how long and
straight the corset really was as it cut deeply into the girl's pelvis.

At first she thought it was the wrong size because of how long it was. But
a quick look over to where Sir Winfred was working on Katie told her that
it had to be the right one. She then tugged the corset around a bit making
sure the front busk was in direct line with Heidi's sternum. And after
that, she tried to pull the corset down just a little more, since the top
part was all the way up to the base of the girl's breasts directly into
the mammary fold itself.

Seeing that Sir Winfred was well on his way into lacing up his ponygirl,
Sheila quickly followed suit. With each hearty pull of the lace she kept
on wondering what the final result was going to be, given such a strange
looking corset like it was.

And as Sir Winfred was preforming the long and tedious job of lacing up
the corset himself, he thought that maybe now would be a good time for him
to impart some of his knowledge to his future gifted apprentice.

"You have done an excellent job in training these ponygirls Sheila," Sir
Winfred said as he continued to pull hard on a pair of heavy duty laces.
Laces that wormed there way easily through those industrial grade metal
grommets, which in turn brought the two distant sides of the corset closer
and closer together. A fiendish act that caused Katie to make muffled
moans of increasing discomfort with each constricting pull.

But before Sheila could answer back to thank him, Sir Winfred was well on
his way into his first lesson.

"But training a ponygirl, especially when she is to be a show pony, is
only half the work. The other half is in determining how you wish to
display said creature for the maximum visual effect. Which is a very
difficult task, given the ambiguous meaning of the word "ponygirl"
itself."

Sheila was keenly listening to what Sir Winfred was saying as her hands
continued to work on the corset's lacing as if in automatic mode. Katie
and Heidi too were trying to concentrate on what the old man was talking
about, but there concentration was being marred by the ever increasing
snake like constriction of their mid section.

"For example, if I were to ask you, what does the word ponygirl mean to
you? What would you say?"

Sheila took a moment to think as the slowness in her hand movements
attested to. Another indication as to how important it was for her in
answering her mentor's question correctly.

"I would say Sir Winfred, that a ponygirl, is simply part horse and part
girl. That is, in it's most simplest form."

Sheila had no idea where Sir Winfred was going with what he was asking
her. And because she was too afraid of making a mistake, in that Sir
Winfred might think less of her, she didn't wish to venture forth anything
that could be even remotely wrong. That's why she was playing it safe with
such a generic answer.

Sir Winfred just smiled with fore thought when he heard Sheila's cagy
response. He new there was much more inside Sheila than met the eye, or
ear as it were. And he knew that the best way to teach a person was for
them to take an active part in their learning. Thus began a rather
interesting period where the knowledge of one was transferred to that of
another via a labyrinth of statements, questions and answers.

"Very good my dear. The answer you gave was correct, although a bit vague.
But then again, so are the guide lines that define what a ponygirl is.
Especially when she is to be a show pony. Which of course is just the
opposite of your everyday work mare. That kind of ponygirl is nothing more
than a beast of burden wearing little more than a bridal, a bit and a body
harness. She is made solely to work in the fields, pulling and hauling
equipment and personal via the bite of the whip. And as such, her identity
as a ponygirl is as obvious as her simplistic life will hence forth ever
be. But, a show pony, now that is a horse of a different color, if you
pardon my pun. And do you know why that is Sheila?"

Sheila took a deep breath and sighed, something that Heidi was finding
harder and harder to do as the corset continued to compress her waist and
rib cage inward. Sheila was trying to follow what Sir Winfred was saying,
but it was hard. All she got out of it so far was that there was a
difference between a ponygirl that worked in the fields and a ponygirl
that was a show pony. But for the life of her, the only difference she
could see was that one was cleaner than the other.

Of course she didn't say that in response. To do so would make her look
like a complete idiot. She did however understand enough to know that Sir
Winfred was leading up to something, but again, it was a mystery. So
reluctantly, she answered the learned old man with a soft verbal no and
shook her head from side to side in a coy like manner.

Sir Winfred knew what the response would be, seeing that he purposefully
worded the question in a kind of abstract puzzle. His answer however was
short, sweet and to the point. And made even more poignant when he look
straight at Sheila and robustly voiced forth a single solitary word,
"Art".

He paused for a moment and continued to look right at Sheila. He wanted to
impress upon his pupil the importance of that one word. And sometimes the
best way to do that is to let simple silence drive that point home.

Then, after a few unsettling seconds that both teacher and student felt,
Sir Winfred went back to his lacing with a single forceful pull. A course
of action that caused Katie to grunt out noisily from the accursed squeeze
it put upon her.

"And if art is what makes the difference between a show pony and a
standard field mare," Sir Winfred continued, "then art is also the reason
why there is so much variation and subjectivity in the show pony genera to
begin with. Especially in major events like competition. For show ponies,
like art itself, have no rules governing it. In both these fields there is
no objective gauge of measurement that one can use to define, judge, or
for that matter differentiate one show pony as being better than the next.
Thus, a show pony can be decorated and outfitted to the height of human
imagination. Or, they can be presented at the most basic level possible,
which would be that of a simple field mare, and still, both would be
equally capable of winning in competition. And if this is the case, where
no norm exists, then what is the point behind it all you might ask."

Sheila was as intensively intrigue by what Sir Winfred was saying as she
was totally confused by it. Which was the reason why she stopped lacing
all together and turned her full attention over to Sir Winfred. Something
that caused a soft shallowed sigh of relief to come from Heidi's panting
gagged lips.

Sir Winfred took a quick glance over to Sheila and upon seeing her
perplexing stare let out with a little chuckle.

"Ahh yes, I can tell from your expression my dear Sheila that my little
lecture here is about as clear as mud. And I must admit, there does seem
to be a certain degree of convoluted nonsense to it all. But fear not my
brave trainer. As soon as I expand a little more on the subject at hand,
you will soon find the enlighten meaning behind it all."

And after being politely told to be patient, Sheila returned to her
lacing. There was a little more vigor this time in accomplishing her
repetitive task. No doubt a result of catching a glimpse at how far along
Sir Winfred was. And as expected, Heidi did not care in the least for the
new aggressive mode of her handmaiden as she added a most distressing
grunt from her gagged mouth to each sharp jerk she felt.

"Now my dear," Sir Winfred bellowed forth after he tied off the corset's
laces of his ponygirl with a triple square knot, "the point of it all is
this. There is, in all truth, one, fundamental principle that does hold
check over it all. It is also the same central thesis that rules over the
world of art as well. It gives meaning when none seems to exist. It is
what separates a highly skilled craftsman from an artistic genius. And it
allows one to say, with great authority I might add, that this one is
better than that one. Simply put, it is the principle of shared
perceptions. The ability to experience with all our senses and then to
interpret that which seems all to real to us with our minds and our hearts
in a way that creates an awaking deep inside our souls, which quite
frankly can border on the sublime.

"We use the visible to describe the invisible. And when another person
experiences that which we have created, with their senses, they too will
see the hidden meaning and awesome enlightenment within. An artist creates
a painting, a sculpture, a melody and through that media of the senses he
imparts what he thinks, believes and feels to it. Then, when another
person see's, or hear's, of their work, they too are moved by the unseen
truth within. And the intensity of this shared enlightenment, or this
shared perception, can be as mild as a simple soft "Oh" of awareness, or
as strong and all encompassing as an epiphany of pure spiritual ecstasy.
It's all a simple matter of being open to the vast world around us and
then interrupting it's effect it has on us in a way that another person
can grasp that same meaning when they too experience it through our eyes."

Sir Winfred ceased for a moment as he gazed upon his hungry to learned
assistant. He could see that Sheila had not yet been hit by the bolt of
lightening that usually accompanies a person's immediate enlightenment.
But that was no matter. Few, if any, really understood what he was saying
right off. That's when he took a deep breath and continued.

"For example, when I say the word "horse", what immediately comes to your
mind?"

Sheila took a moment to think and then reeled off, "animal, tail, four
legs, mane, ears, hoofs, long snout, horse noises . . ."

"Very good," Sir Winfred said as he interrupted Sheila in mid sentence.

"Now, if you would, kindly do the same for the word girl."

Sheila took a shorter moment this time before listing, "smooth skin,
breasts, waist, hips, legs, lips, eyes, hair, voice . . ."

"Wonderful my dear. Now, what if I asked you to do the same thing, but
this time, list those characteristics of a horse that are "intangible". By
that I mean those attributes that describe the animal most distinctly, but
are not limited solely to one's senses."

Sheila gave one last hard tug on the laces before tieing them off. Again,
a particular distressing moan could be heard from Heidi. And one that both
Sheila and Sir Winfred were totally oblivious to.

Sheila turned her head away and put her hand on her chin as if in deep
thought. Then, after a minute or two, she slowly uttered the following
words "strength . . . power . . . endurance . . . bravery . . . beauty,
and maybe a certain amount of masculinity too?"

"Excellent Sheila! Very well done. A most impressive list too I might add.
Now then, if you would, please do the same for the word girl."

Sheila's response was understandably much quicker this time, but again
there was that thoughtful pause in between each descriptive word, "human
being . . . femininity . . . beauty . . . passive . . and . . . sensual."

"Very well done! Another most admirable and well thought out list."

Another beaming smile appeared on Sheila's attentive face. For awhile
there she felt lost and almost abandoned as if her inability to understand
what was being said to her was her fault. But with the encouraging words
from Sir Winfred her emotional state was doing much better now.

"Now then, those intangible characteristics you just mentioned, for both a
horse and a girl, they are what I would call the "invisible". And those
other descriptive words you named that pertained to one's senses are what
I would call the "visible". Do you follow me so far my dear?"

Sheila eagerly shook her head up and down in a way that almost mimic the
manner she taught Jasmine and Musk to perform it.

"Wonderful! Now, what we are going to do is to use the "visible" to
symbolically describe the "invisible" and thus create a glorious ponygirl
in the process. But, we are going to do so in a very artistic way. We are
going to use those descriptive characteristics from our senses of both
horse and girl, and some of them we are going to enhance and make bold to
the point of being most visually symbolic. While with others, we will
almost hide them from sight in order to play down there importance. We are
also going to do a little mixing and blending in subtle unique ways so as
to produce, in the end, a single homogeneous entity that is neither girl
nor horse, but pure ponygirl.

"A ponygirl that will win any show pony competition on simply looks alone.
And, when we are done, and you have them prancing their little hearts out
at the party, they are going to become true stunning creatures in motion.
High stepping ponygirls that will capture the heart, boggle the mind and
tug at one's libido. They will become the standard by which all other show
ponies are measured. That is, until someone else comes up with a better
ponygirl that dazzles one's perception as well as ours will soon be."

Sir Winfred ended his lecture with a little chuckle. He also ended his
direct eye contact with Sheila and causally walked over to Heidi. He
placed his hands around her much smaller and redefined waist to check if
his assistant might have gotten just a little carried away with tight
lacing the girl.

"Very nice work Sheila. Since both girls are not use to wearing corsets,
we must make sure that they are not under too much constriction. It would
not do well to have our ponygirls fainting after only a few prancing steps
right there in the middle of the party."

Sir Winfred then went to fetch a pair of scissors from the table to cut
off the excess lace. He knew it was going to be awhile before the
lightening bolt struck Sheila. It always took some time for his words to
make sense to people even after his elaboration. But he had faith in the
girl. Sooner or later she would get it. And if history had any say in the
matter, it would favor the later much more so than the sooner.

Sheila was still standing off to the side in a sort of dais. His words to
her were slowly sinking into her mind. The longer she thought about them,
the cleared there meaning became. There was almost a kind of oriental Zen
property to it all. The well defined and blending of the yin and yang as
well as trying to describe what cannot be described, but only felt. She
knew a little of this philosophy from a course in self defense she once
took a while back. The instructor always added some of his wisdom to go
along with what he was teaching her about self defense. And most of it
stayed with her.

A smile soon crossed her face and then her eyes lit up super bright. She
reacted as though she was just given some fantastic secrete recipe. All
she had to do was to get the ingredients and mix as shown to produce the
same wonderful results on her own. It was an awaking for her on the
highest level just like Sir Winfred said it would be. And, unknown to her,
it would be one of many to come once she was in jolly old England.

She anxiously waited for Sir Winfred to clip the last lace on Katie's
corset in order to ask him a question. It was about a thought she just had
with regards to the corsets and what he just told her. And as soon as the
sharp blade cut through the heavy lace she presented her question.

"Then, Sir Winfred, the corsets we put on the girls, the ones with the
high straight mid-drift and the brief flare area at the bottom, they are
used to enhance the female small waist as well as to create a sense of
strength in their appearance. Is that correct?"

Sir Winfred whipped around with a startled look on his face. He stood
there for what seemed to be the longest time just staring at Sheila. A
look that was making Sheila feel very uncomfortable with. That is, until
he finally did speak to her again.

"You are one incredible young woman Sheila. That is exactly correct! And
what a beautiful example to use to explain what I was saying. Please my
dear, if you would, lower the girls back down so I can show you even
better."

Sheila practically jumped over to the switch feeling so delighted with Sir
Winfred's comment. Maybe she finally did get it after all. And that
thought made her exceedingly happy.

As the girls were being lowered each one was letting out increasing noises
of discomfort. Sir Winfred was right when he theorized that the girls were
not use to wearing corsets, let alone "those" types of corsets. Those
corsets made them feel like they were being stretched in the middle while
at the same time being slowly cut in two. They had absolutely no freedom
of movement in their midsection from just under their naked breasts all
the way down to where it cut deep into their pelvis. And if it wasn't for
the slightly flared and padded bottom rim, there skin would have been
rubbed raw from the friction created between it and their feminine flesh
when they were in prancing mode.

Once the girls were adequately standing on both feet, Sheila quickly moved
back to Sir Winfred's side.

"You see here my dear", as he indicated with his hands as they surrounded
Katie's waist, "it's just like you said. From the back, you can see how
small her waist has become especially with respect to her much wider hips
now. This major contrast alone is a noted feminine trait that we have
enhanced and made very visible. But, with your critical eye, you were able
to see more than just that. You were able to see the distinct "V" like
formation in her torso that runs deep into her loins. And it is this very
straight angular build with it's definite masculine overtones that gave
you the impression of strength and power that was implied within it. Very
well done my dear."

Again Sheila was beaming like a full moon from all the gracious
compliments being bestowed upon her.

"But, there is more."

And with that one curious comment that caught Sheila's complete attention,
Sir Winfred twisted Katie a quarter turn. He wanted her displayed in side
view now for his next critical point in their lesson.

"Look here Sheila, in her behind area. See how much fuller her derriere
has become as a result of the corset? One can hardly see her butt plug any
more as a result of her supple flesh bulging out and around it like it is.
This too, the generously bigger and more rounded bottom, is another soft
feminine characteristic that we have made more visible to the human eye.
But, see here too, see how the whole hip and upper thigh portion of her
leg is made substantially larger as well. Again caused by the
redistribution of flesh from the tight corset. Now then, if this excessive
concentration of bulk in the girl's haunches was covered up by a
decorative pony skin, one might think that this formidable area of
strength was the result of added muscles. The cause of which might be from
many long periods of grueling exercise on some exotic ponygirl ranch, in
keeping with the visual theme of it all."

Sheila avidly watched and listen to everything Sir Winfred was showing and
telling her. She was like a sponge soaking up every last drop of knowledge
that was flowing to her.

Katie, on the other hand, was nothing but a complaisant rag doll hanging
quietly from her wrists. She offered no residence to being fondled,
twisted or displayed like some mad science project. She was too
preoccupied with her corset. After having all her weight put back on her
feet, the initial discomfort was now magnified ten fold. And in her severe
discomfort her mind began to wander with thoughts of how the women of old
could have worn such a torturous garment like this day in and day out.
Then suddenly she was twisted again another quarter turn so she was now
facing the table and directly at the diabolical couple.

"And from the front view, the contrast is even more dramatic. Look here,
above the top of the corset at her breasts. See how the corset has
affected them as well. They seem more grandeur in size with a bold,
healthy and projecting appearance to them."

Sheila took a few steps backwards and turned so she was facing the back of
Heidi. She looked at Heidi's middle, remembering all the words Sir Winfred
told her, and then seeing them for herself in her own ponygirl's changed
silhouette. Then she twisted Heidi without effort. First a quarter turn,
and then another quarter turn until she was face to face with her. She
could see the same effect in Heidi's breasts too. In fact, their
prominence was even more so now, given Heidi impressive bosom to start
with. A bosom that Sheila could not keep from touching in all their
amazing bountiful fullness.

"Yes, I see what you mean Sir Winfred," Sheila said as her hands went to
feeling and grouping her dear Musk's enhanced voluptuous bosom. "And they
feel a little different too, maybe firmer, and possibly even more erotic."
One of her hands slowly glided down Heidi's side, pass the full length of
the corset that held Heidi's middle in with such uncompromising strength,
and then down upon the smooth firm flesh of Heidi's bulging hips and tush.

Heidi was as still as a mouse before a big hungry cat. Outside she held
her position well, standing on both legs with arms held loosely above her.
But on the inside she was in complete turmoil. She had to endure the
discomfort of a sadistic corset that seemed to be crushing her in half.
She had to deal with the thought of becoming some degrading object of half
human and half animal origin. And now she had to find a way to accept the
physical sexual advances of a woman who made her skin craw with discuss.
It was not easy for Heidi to preserver under such intolerable conditions.
But she did. Her only guiding light was the thought that it would soon be
over with. Then, she could go back to her own life and live it the way she
wanted.

Sir Winfred was becoming a bit amorous watching his apprentice getting
"intimately" involved with her art object. So he decided to take a quick
look at his pocket watch. What he saw told him that he better get things
back on track fast, or else!

"Tell me Sheila," he said in a loud clear voice in hopes of recapturing
her attention, "besides the ascetic reasons for having the ponygirl wear a
corset, can you think of a "functional" reason for it as well?"

And as soon as he saw Sheila step back from Heidi and look at her with a
much cooler set of eyes, he went to the table for the next item on his
conceptual design list.

Sheila kept repeating the word "functional" over and over again in her
head as she tried to figure out the answer. There was only one thing she
could think of.

"Is it to help disperse the weight of the sleigh to a greater part of
their body instead of a small area that would have been covered by just
the harness belt alone?"

Sir Winfred was standing next to her now with two wide elastic bands in
his hand.

"Very good my dear! Correct on your first attempt. The harness belt that
they will be wearing is as you said, not wide enough for the weight that
is to be pulled. Using them alone will put far too much force in one area
of their body making control very difficult. But now, the belt can be worn
and the affect it will have on their body will be virtually negligible."

He then handed the elastic band to Sheila, but did not say a word. He
simply walked over to Katie and began to fasten it around her shoulders.

Sheila stared at the band for a few seconds noting that it was about three
inches wide, three feet long and extremely soft and pliable. She had no
idea what it was to be used for especially when the elastic part of it was
difficult to stretch beyond a certain point. It was thus necessary for her
to watch what Sir Winfred did with it in order for her to get an idea as
to what it was used for. And it took her only one look to figure it out.
It was a shoulder brace.

Sir Winfred was holding one end at the center of Katie's back and then
began winding it up, over and around her right shoulder. He then proceeded
to bring it down and back to where it started. From there, he did the same
with the other shoulder creating a figure eight pattern behind Katie's
back. At the back, where it overlapped itself, the material acted like
velcro sealing itself to itself. Sir Winfred then adjusted the elasticity
of the band so it was stretched out evenly through out it's run and used a
pair of scissors to cut off the excess.

Once Sheila understood what it was used for, it took her only a brief
amount of time to have it in place with the correct amount of tension
through out it's run as well. But the one thing she did not understand was
why it was being used.

"Excuse me Sir Winfred, but why do you want to use this band to keep the
girl's shoulders back? I would think that their body harness would be
sufficient enough to do that by itself"

Sir Winfred made a small sheepish grin. He loved the curious nature of his
apprentice and could hardly wait until they were both back in England to
begin her training in earnest.

"You would be correct in your assumption my dear, if . . ." he
purposefully left off the reason why just to see if she could figure it
out herself.

Sheila knew he was testing her, again. And in all honesty, she loved it.
She like trying to solve problems dealing with what she loved to do. But
this was a hard one. Based on the clue he gave her, she knew it had to do
with something about the harness. At first she thought there was not going
to be a harness, thus the need for the brace. But a quick look at the
table told her she was wrong. She could see the belt laying there and from
it were some straps that definitely made up a ponygirl harness all right.
The added shoulder brace just didn't make sense.

Sheila knew time was not in her favor, which was making her even more
frustrated. And adding to this was the feeling that Sir Winfred was coming
up behind her with the next item on the list. All she could do was to
plead her case and see what happens.

"Ok, I know the shoulder brace is there to pull the ponygirls shoulders
back, to make them look squared off and give them that masculine attribute
of strength and power, which coincides with their "V" shaped angular torso
created by the corset. So, with that going on, there would be no need for
a body harness, because that function has already been obtained. But on
the table behind me," Sheila turned about to face Sir Winfred directly,
and to finish her commentary, "there is a body harness waiting to be put
on. So, . . . ummmm," Sheila tried to complete her train of thought, but
there was no where to go. That is why she feel short of anything else to
say.

Sir Winfred was very proud of the girl to have gotten this far, and it
showed greatly in his face.

"Sheila, you are so close that it truly amazes me. And if it wasn't for
the lack of time, I know you would have worked it out for yourself. But we
need to move forward, and as such, I will just tell you.

"Everything that is put on a ponygirl is put there for both ascetics and
function. Sometimes the item used shares both reasons equally, like in the
girl's corset that we just talked about. Sometimes, like in a ponygirl who
works only in the field, the type of body harness used is purely
functional. But in this case, on a show pony, the body harness is . . ."

"For SHOW!" Sheila practically yelled it out interrupting Sir Winfred in
mid sentence.

Sir Winfred simply smiled back and shook his head in the affirmative. He
loved it when his pupils were enthusiastic about learning. It gave him a
proud feeling of worth, which in turned made him feel young again, if only
in his heart.

He then handed Sheila a pony skin, as he liked to call it, even though it
was entirely artificial. He then told her to put it on Musk, but only to
her waist, and to pull the legging part up to her calves.

Sheila was all gung-ho now. She took hold of the shoulder part of the suit
and flicked it out in front of her, then raising it on high to take a good
look at it. Her first reaction was that it had some weight to it. Not
really heavy as to be laborious to the wearer, just more akin to a thick
leather catsuit, even though the material was definitely not leather.

Her second reaction was in how pretty it was. It had an off-white color to
it with some areas darker or lighter than the overall norm. There were
some very light grayish tones and irregular sized and shaped spots to it,
down and behind the legs, with more of it concentrated at and below the
ankles.

The ponygirl suits did look quite real to her with it's blending of colors
here and it's concentration of color there. She soon came to the
conclusion that the suit seemed to be patterned off of an Arabian horse
considering it's dominate whitish color and then turning darker only at
the horse's extremities. She then caught sight of Sir Winfred placing
Katie's other foot into the right legging and decided to stop lollygaging
around and get to work.

While she maneuvered the suit up Heidi's legs, she did notice how unusual
the material was. It seemed to have some of the properties of spandex, in
that, it was form fitting and elastic. While at the same time the outer
surface had a kind of velvety smooth almost leathery suede feel to it.
Two qualities that she never seen together like this before. And as she
pulled the garment up over Heidi's visually impressive thighs, she noticed
that the stretching feature of the material was minimal.

Overall, Sheila thought it was quite an interesting garment. The small
amount of flexibility in the material allowed it to be molded for both a
perfect fit and movement, while the artificial textured surface gave one
the feeling that it was made from some kind of animal skin.

When she had the suit over Heidi's thighs with the rest of it hanging down
bunched up in front at the waist, she noticed that it had booties of some
sort. It did have an excess amount of material to encompass the foot,
except that the toe part was cropped off and at a severely slanted angle
to boot.

The top portion of the booties seemed to end at the base of the toes, but
underneath, it ended near the instep well behind the ball of the foot.
She bent down and began pulling the material up around Heidi's calf like
Sir Winfred wanted while at the same time making sure the rest of the suit
fitted the girl's legs properly. And when she was done Sir Winfred called
her over to the table.

"Now my dear, it's time to fit our ponygirls with there proper foot wear,
or as we call it in the trade, their pony boots or hoofs."

He then pulled a large shoe box close to him with the name "Jasmine" on it
and opened the lid.

An astonish expression crossed Sheila's face when Sir Winfred pulled out
the first pony boot.

"It's so beautiful and yet so strange Sir Winfred. The top part looks
almost like a lady's high heel boot, while the bottom of it looks exactly
like that of a horse's hoof!"

"And right you are Sheila. In fact, that is how it started out. As a
standard woman's fashion boot with a five inch heel."

Sir Winfred handed the shoe over to Sheila who took it from him and
examined it closely.

The high contrast in color was the first thing that caught Sheila's eye.
The hard slightly flared out base of the horse's hoof had that same dark
grayish/white color as the bottom of the pony suit, except it seemed to be
a shade or two darker with more of a satin finish to it instead of a flat
one. But the rest of the shoe, above the hoof, was a solid, dull, black. A
very strange color combination to say the least.

Sir Winfred then picked up it's mate from the box and began to explain how
it was created.

"You see Sheila, the shoe maker started with a woman's normal high heel
shoe. He then reinforced the entire length of the sole with metal that
extended up in back, pass the heel, pass the ankle and partially up the
back of the leg, falling a few inches short of where the calf muscle
begins. The fashionable leather that covers the woman's delicate foot was
replaced with another, thicker, more form fitting piece of leather that
encompassed her entire foot, ankle, and all the way up to her shin bone.
Then, the front of the shoe, from the tip of her pointed toe to half way
up her foot about where her instep was, is built up with a hard epoxy-like
resin to resemble that of a horse's hoof. Thus, the reason why a good part
of the shoe is invisible to the naked eye and buried inside the hoof."

Sheila placed her hand inside the opening and found that it indeed felt
like the interior of a lady's high heel shoe.

"As you can see, it slips on the lady's foot like any normal lace up boot,
although it takes a little longer because of the lack of flexibility in
it's outer covering. You can also see that there is a thin inner lining to
protect the girl's soft skin from the harshness of the rather austere
leather."

Again, Sheila's hand felt the interior of the boot. The lining of which
did in fact have a satiny feel to it with a thin amount of soft foam
behind it. She just could not believe the depth of forethought that went
into the design of it.

"Now, once the girl's foot is properly seated inside, all you have to do
is to lace it up nice and tight, and viola! You just turned a beautiful
woman's foot into an animal's hoof. It's the combination of the metal sole
leg support and the stiffness of the leather around her foot and leg that
keeps her up on her toes or hoofs if you will."

Sir Winfred then motioned for Sheila to follow him and watch how he
installed the first one. Then, once she seen how it was done, she could
easily repeat the same procedure on Heidi with the pony boots marked for
Musk.

As Sir Winfred was getting his chair situated, Katie was trying to sneak a
peek as to what her new foot wear was going to look like. She could not
see before, when Sir Winfred was explaining it to her trainer, because
there backs were to her. But she did hear what they were saying and it did
make her curious. She, like most women, had a thing for shoes. And being
made to wear something that bizarre might at least take her mind off this
damn tight corset she was so desperately trying to get use to.

But to Katie's chagrin, she still couldn't get a quick glimpse at them.
Sir Winfred was now sitting down in his chair with Sheila kneeling right
next to him, and both of her pony boots were right there between them.
Katie thought she could see them if she bent her head forward and down
enough, but her rumpled up pony suit was in her direct line of sight
making even that option null and void. There was just no way for her to
see them before they were booted on her.

"The first thing to do Sheila is to put on the short nylon that comes in
the box. This acts as a kind of slick surface against the satin lining
that allows the foot to slip into the boot far easier than it otherwise
would have."

Sir Winfred command Katie to raise her left leg up into a prance position
and then slipped the shear material on her foot and over her ankle.

"Now, the easiest way to get the boot on, after you have pulled the tongue
out of the way, is to grasp the shoe under the remaining part of the heel
and then guide it upwards while the girl wiggles her foot about to work it
in."

Katie could feel her foot slipping into something that seemed very stiff
and yet very smooth. She had to keep her whole foot pointed downward while
wiggling it from side to side because that's how it seemed the shoe was
made. It wasn't like a normal high heel shoe where she could bend and flex
her foot at the ankle to work it in until her heel finally plopped inside.
She just had to continue to wiggle, point and thrust her foot downward
until she felt that familiar feeling where her heel seemed to have fallen
into place.

"Once the foot is situated inside, it is a simple act to place the tongue
back in and then start threading and pulling on the laces. I prefer to
have the girl rest her hoof on my knee while I do the lacing. This way I
can keep a better eye on how the fit is progressing. It also keeps the
girl from forcing her foot to far into the toe of the shoe. A good portion
of her body weight is going to be supported by the heavy leather sides of
the boot as well as her toes and a small portion of the ball of her foot.
A good fit is when the back of the girl's heel is firmly placed up against
the back of the shoe. And once the shoe is completely laced up, the entire
foot and lower part of the leg will be as one. Which I will show you in
just a moment."

Sir Winfred went to work on the laces like an old pro. His pudgy hands
were moving like lightening threading the laces through the many tiny
eyelets and then tugging and pulling on them until the thick leather flaps
were a uniform fraction of an inch apart. The only time he would break the
routine was when he took the time to check how the leather was conforming,
or contouring, the human flesh inside it. It was only a matter of a few
minutes when he was done. He made his familiar triple square knot to
finish it off and then cut off the excess.

"There you have it! One shoed ponygirl. Now watch this Sheila."

Sir Winfred then gave Katie an order to move her foot around at the ankle.

Katie tried, but no movement could be seen.

"You see? The metal sole and the heavy leather have turned her foot and
ankle into just an extension of her lower leg. You will be able to see
this result more keenly in the way she walks and moves. And that stiff leg
carriage will only add to her over all ponygirl persona in the end.

"Now, once you have accomplished this part, there are still two more parts
to perform before you are finished. First, you pull down the gathered
excess of pony skin that is around her calf so it completely covers the
black leather sheath of the boot. And you keep on pulling it down until
you get near the hoof itself. Once you get there, to the top of the hard
hoof like so, you will see a small ridge going all-around it. And right
underneath that ridge is a deep groove. You then need to pull the material
over that slight ridge and tuck the edge of the pony skin inside that
groove. Use the little tool that comes in the box to make sure it sets
firmly inside it."

Sir Winfred removed a snub nose screwdriver-like tool from the box and
used the flat edge to force the skin into that groove.

"There is a velcor-like contact made in the groove so the material will
not accidently slip out. Once you have that done, around the entire hoof,
you will now have a very clean delineation line between the hard hoof and
the supple pony skin. But, as you can see, even though it looks nice in
it's color coordinating aspect, that delineation line still makes the
entire pony foot look too bold. In fact, it has a kind of artificial and
almost cartoonish look to it if you will. Thus, the reason for item number
two."

Sir Winfred reached back into the box, removed the white tissue paper that
once separated the two pony boots and pulled out what looked like a very
misshapen toupee.

"This is one of those little added tricks of the trade that will add
immensely to the overall effect. It is simply a swatch of color matching
hair on a thin strip of elastic. It is place around the lower leg just
above where the ankle would be like so. It fastens very easily in back,
right above the heel. And there you have it. One finished pony hoof."

Sheila was enthralled by what she saw. No longer was that the delicate
well formed foot of a young woman. No longer could that attractive and
flexible extremity be made more beautiful, more feminine, more sexy with
the right tre' chic heel fitted to perfection. No longer could it be or do
any of those things, for it was no longer human. It had become what Sir
Winfred had wanted to be, a pure animal hoof.

There was no doubt about it, nothing there looked even remotely human. The
added patch of hair that drifted over the top and sides of it made it come
to life in all it's unbelievable beauty. That added hair piece acted as a
veil or light mist to hide the pronounce visual effect that came as a
result of the pony skin and hoof meeting like it did. It even did
something magical to the heel part of the pony boot that stuck out like a
sore thumb in back. It softened it and played a kind of "peek-a-boo" with
it as the hair moved back and forth with grace as the girl moved. It even
changed the entire look of the pony boot itself. Taking what was once
bold, strong and hard upon the eyes, and then relaxing it, softening it
and making it look like it belonged there as if it was real!

When Sir Winfred removed the pony hoof from his knee and Katie placed it
next to her real foot, the contrast was utterly amazing. One would never
have thought that both belonged to the same person, or animal in this
case. Even when Katie raised herself up on her toes with her normal foot
until she was well balanced on both limbs, the comparison was even more
striking. The soft, flexible, highly structured human appendage of the one
versus the hard, rigid, simplistic animal hoof of the other.

The visual effect of having the two of them next to one another just made
them look so odd, like one of them should not be there. But which one was
anybody's guess now. That's how real the pony hoof looked. And if Sheila
tried really hard, to superimpose the naked human foot over the pony hoof,
she could easily see how the human foot sat sedately inside the animal
one. She could even see how much of the girl's weight was held up by the
tightness of the leather around her leg, foot and ankle. And again by the
metal sole support under it.

If Sheila was all gung-ho before, she was virtually chomping at the bit
now. She urgently wanted to get started on transforming Heidi's feet into
that of her beloved Musk's pony hoofs. So anxious was she that she didn't
even wait for Sir Winfred's permission. She simply did a quick about face,
jumped over to the table, took the shoe box labeled Musk and then jumped
right on over to Heidi. That same poor girl who was still sporting an
expression of discomfort from her corset.

Sir Winfred just smiled and tried very hard to keep from chuckling. His
apprentice reminded him of a frisky rabbit his young niece once brought
over to show him. But it didn't matter to him. He was just glad to have an
avid student on his hands. And one who seemed to be faster than he was in
shoeing a ponygirl. That's when he decided to get moving on the other pony
boot himself. It would not do well for his manly pride if his apprentice
were to pass him up on the final stretch when he had such a lead out of
the starting gate to begin with.

Katie continued to try and see what her new shoes looked like, but she was
foiled at every attempt. She even tried to catch a look at them by
glancing over at her friend Heidi, but her trainer was blocking her view.
The only way she could get some idea as to what they were like, was from
how they felt wearing them. But that wasn't much help either. For aside
from the toe part being heavier than normal, which was to be expected, it
felt like she was wearing one, of a pair of weird ice skates with stiletto
heels on them.

The rigid leather around her foot and ankle was akin to that of lacing on
a high top ice skate. Granted, the leather part went further up her leg
and all, but the overall effect was still the same--very snug and very
well supported. And when she put her weight on her foot, the only bad
part, aside from the lack of freedom in her ankle, was in the way her foot
was arch so severely. But given that, her toes actually felt good. Not all
squashed up into the point of the shoe like her usual stiletto pumps
caused her. And even though she knew, from listening to their
conversation, that there was no heel on it, darn if it didn't feel like
she had some kind of support back there.

Katie thought she could get use to these "pony hoofs", as they called
them, in no time at all. At least no where near the amount of time in
comparison to this damn corset she was forced to wear. And just as Katie
was becoming use to her first new pony boot, her other foot was shoed the
same way. She looked over to where Heidi was and it seemed like her
trainer was finishing up shoeing her as well. But before she could see
what those boots looked like on Heidi, Sir Winfred spun her around again
so she was no longer able to see in that direction.

"Very good Sheila." Sir Winfred said as he looked at the finished pair on
Heidi.

Sheila was feeling really good about herself. She was happy with learning
something new and how well it turned out in the process, as per receiving
another favorable comment from Sir Winfred. There was an anxious aura
about her that made her want to continue the transformation in earnest
just to see what the finished product was really going to look like.

Sir Winfred told her that it was now time to put the rest of the pony
skins on the girls. So both of them unfastened one of their corresponding
ponygirl's wrists from the above spreader bar and then guided it through
the correct sleeve of the suit.

Both Katie and Heidi were amazed by the disparity between what they felt
and what they saw when their hand was worked into the glove part of their
costume. They could see that this part was nothing more than a fingerless
and thumbless mitten. But when they worked their fingers into it, it felt
as though it was a standard glove with a tube for each finger and thumb
inside. All be it each was right up against the other in a straight line.

However, there was one important consistency between what they felt and
what they saw in relation to this same pod like glove. And that was in
it's lack of flexibility. Something that made them feel a twinge of
apprehension when they realized how useless their hand had now become. And
when their other hand quickly followed suit, their anxiety level was
raised another level as to how totally helpless they were. Even if both
their wrists were not once again attached to the spreader bar above their
heads.

Sheila was a bit mystified by something she saw while fitting Heidi's
hands and arms into the pony suit. She discovered a pouch-like flap
located at the wrist of one arm. She was going to bring it to Sir
Winfred's attention, but decided to first get the skin all the way on and
zipped up in back before venturing a question.

The nature of the material was very conducive to a nice easy fit with no
wrinkles or bunching up of material in any one area. And once Sheila had
the suit zipped up in back, all the way to the base of Heidi's skull, she
only had to do some minor pulling and jostling about to make sure it was
stretched evenly all over Heidi's body.

Heidi readily accepted the suit, in the beginning. For one thing, it was
the first article of clothing she was allowed to wear ever since coming
down to this freaky underground world of mad perversion. Which to her
seemed like eons ago instead of just a couple of days. Thus having
anything to cover her nakedness this extensively was a dream come true.

However, when the suit was finally put on all the way, what was left
"uncovered" became just as important to her as to what "was covered" by
it. Her breasts were covered, which was happily, contrary to what her
trainer lead her to believe. But her nipples and aureolas were left
uncovered. Two strategically placed holes allowed both parts to stick
right out there in the open, to be seen, to be touched and most definitely
played with by anyone who had a desire to. And given the fact that her
nipples seemed to be in a perpetual state of erection now, caused by those
damn ugly barbells, she knew they were going to draw a whole lot of
attention in just those two areas alone. But her concern did not end
there.

Her very private area was left uncovered as well. An oval area in the suit
that surrounded her clean shaven pubes was definitely an attention getter.
The thought of someone groping her breasts and pulling on her pierced
nipples was bad enough. But just thinking about what people might do to
her fully exposed pussy with her pierced clit hood was making her stomach
turn.

There was hope though. A kind of lesser of evils if you will. For the last
area to be left for the hungry vultures to pick at was her derriere.
Although she could not see it, she could still feel it in back of her.
Another oval opening that circled her butt like a warped bull's eye.

It felt kind of strange in a way, the manner in which her behind was left
hanging in the wind. Between the rather modest size of the opening and the
minimal stretch in the material, it felt like her whole bottom was being
pushed together and then funnelled through some pitifully small hole. And
for some reason, she began to picture her lovely rear end as nothing more
than two plump butt cheeks shaped into this amazingly big pucker. But it
was a very bitter pill for Heidi, and Katie, to take having their rear
ends naked, puckered and displayed like this. For they each knew that once
they were fitted with tails, their rear ends were going to be at the top
of the list in "grabbing" attention of many, many people. But once again,
under the circumstances, there was very little that either could do about
it.

"Here you are my dear," Sir Winfred said as he handed Sheila the body
hardness.

"It's not too difficult to figure out once you have the waist belt and
collar fasten in place. But if you need any assistance just let me know."

Sheila nodded her head in the affirmative as she took the harness in hand.
She looked at it for awhile admiring how attractive it was. The many shiny
silver metal inserts equally spaced along the grey colored leather straps
seemed to be a most becoming lay out given the color and design of the
pony suits. Then she held it up with both hands trying to make hide or
hair out of it's jumble of straps. It was an easy task to spot the three
inch wide waist belt and then the inch and half wide collar. It just took
some time to decipher the front from the back. But with a little finagling
about, Sheila had it all worked out.

The first part she strapped on was the collar. She tightened it up with
just the right amount of snugness. Not too tight to limit air restriction
or swallowing, and not too loose to make it look sloppy either. It seemed
kind of curious though, for it only covered about half the width of the
pony suited neck. Sheila thought that maybe Sir Winfred wanted to use a
much wider one, like a posture collar, to restrict the girl's head
movement and such. But considering how her mentor had left no stone
unturned so far, he probably had a good reason in designing it the way it
was.

The next strap to be buckle up was the waist belt. But before that one
could go on she had to loosely place a very odd strap arrangement down the
front of Heidi's chest.

It had a pair of one inch wide straps shaped into an "X", except that
these two straps did not cross over one another between the girls breasts
like one would think. These straps were shaped completely different. It
was as if two half ovals were facing one another, and where the curve
parts touched, they were fastened together at that point. Then this
connecting point would be placed right between the girl's breasts. The two
bottom straps would curve down and out to the girl's sides almost
following the bottom edge of her rib cage in the process. This descending
curved path would continue until they met at the waist belt slightly
behind the girl's back and connected there via a set of "D" rings.

The upper two straps curved over the top of the girl's chest and then over
her shoulders. They continued their curved path behind her until they
connected to their stubby buckled mates, which originated from the former
lower two straps a short distant up from where they were attached to the
waist belt. To keep these upper straps from slipping off the girl's
shoulders, two short half inch straps ran from the bottom center of the
girl's collar to the outer edges of each of these curved straps, just
below the collar bone. Another half inch strap, that buckled together
behind the girl's back below her shoulder blades, was used to keep the
wider curved ones taught in place behind her.

It was obvious to Sheila that this curved strap harness was just for show
now, seeing how narrow the straps were and how very nonfunctional those
stitched together sweeping curves would be if any real load was put upon
them. But once she had the waist belt firmly fastened along with that
smaller half inch strap above it, that studded grey curved harness did
have an interesting beauty to it. Especially with that off-white pony suit
as the background. Both items seem to compliment one another quite well.

The last strap to be buckled up was part of an intriguing crotch harness
that Sheila left dangling between Heidi's legs. She purposely left it like
that to get a small black box that she brought with her early that
morning. She didn't know if Sir Winfred's harness design would allow for
her idea, but she brought it all the same, just in case.

She took her little black box over to where Sir Winfred was just about to
run the crotch strap between Katie's legs. So to get his attention she
cleared her throat in a very noticeable way, just like her mentor did for
her. Then once he was looking at her she presented her idea.

"Sir Winfred, I was wondering, if maybe you might wish to include an item
that I brought for the ponygirls too. That is, before you get too far
along in finishing up with Jasmine's pussy harness."

Sir Winfred was surprised to hear what Sheila had to say. It seemed there
was no end to the number of times he was surprised by this unique young
lady's intelligence. Then his eyes caught sight of that black box she was
holding in her hands. His curiosity was getting the better of him as he
anxiously pondered what could be in that box that his vast experience
might had missed.

Sheila slowly opened the box while staring at Sir Winfred's face hoping
that her idea was going to meet with his approval. And when she had it
fully opened, the four shiny articles inside really did catch the old man
by surprise.

"By the Royal Queen herself! Ben Waas!" He said with a robust eagerness in
his voice. "I had completely forgotten about those little gems. They are
going to be perfect for our ponygirl's Sheila. I am so glad you thought of
them and took the initiative to bring them with you. I guess that just
goes to show you how age can affect one's thinking. Very well done my
dear! Very well done indeed!"

He would have taken Sheila in his arms and given her one big hug, but his
old English ways told him that it was much too early in their
teacher/pupil relationship to be so physically casual with one another. So
all he did was to take two of the shiny stainless steel balls in his hands
and carry them the short distance over to where Katie was waiting for him.

As soon as he picked them up, he noticed how they felt in his hands. They
were not just a simple pair of solid metal balls. There was a hollowness
to them. And inside that inner cavity was an object, another weighty ball
from the feel of it. Not only will the girls experience the unique
pleasure of having something to fill them and then meander about inside of
them when they pranced around before an elitist crowd of people. But even
the simple act of shifting their weight or inadvertently preforming a soft
gentle sway will give them a most unusual feeling as well. Those two inner
balls will be transferring their gentle rolling and rocking motion out
into the two larger ones and they in turn will echo out this sensual low
key vibration into the divine cardinal flesh that surrounds them. 'A most
interesting diversion to say the least,' Sir Winfred thought to himself.

And as soon as Katie caught sight of those two balls roaming around in the
old man's active hands, a look of extreme dread appeared upon her pretty
gagged face.

After Sir Winfred took first pick, Sheila removed the other two weighty,
rattling, metal balls and took them over to her own ponygirl to be.

Heidi was definitely not thrilled either as to where those two gigantic
paper weights were about to go. She had absolutely no desire to have
anything, least of all something that ugly or that sexually debasing,
forced up inside of her. That's why she took one big step backwards, or as
much as her tethered arms from above would allow, when Sheila brought the
first ball close to her pussy.

"Musk!" Sheila command as she looked straight into Heidi's fearful eyes,
"you get over here right this instant! This is no time to have
reservations about what is to happen to you. Or do I need to remind you
again who you are and what is expected of you?"

That subtle threat was all Heidi needed to hear. Even with her new skin
on she knew it would not afford her any degree of protection as her most
vulnerable areas were still fully exposed. So she quickly shook her bald
head in a flamboyant no in answer to her trainer's question and then took
two small steps forward with her new pony shoes firmly on her feet. The
sound of which sent a chill of excitement down Sheila's spine.

Sheila's expression quickly changed from one of an irate drill sergeant
ready to jump into the face of some lowly private, to that of a soft
adoring lover. She placed both balls in one hand and then, with her free
hand, began stroking her favorite ponygirl's pussy to make it ready to
accept the inevitable.

"That's a good, good ponygirl. Now did you really think that I was going
to shoved these little trinkets into your sweet sexy pussy without making
sure you were all wet inside first?"

Heidi took a couple of seconds before responding, not wanting to admit to
the obvious connotation of being a submissive lesbian that was implied in
her trainer's question. But she finally found the courage to shake her
head in the direction, and manner, that would be the least physically
distressing for her in the immediate future.

Sheila could see the anguish in Heidi's eyes. It wasn't the grievous
tormenting look that came from physical distress, because there virtually
was none. Heidi's look of woe was pure emotional. The result of a lesbian
woman diddling her most private and sensitive areas when she herself was
as straight as an arrow. And the most pleasing part of it, for Sheila at
least, was that it was actually getting her vanilla ponygirl very, very
wet.

"My goodness Musk! You're getting so wet and so quickly too that I do
believe you thoroughly enjoy being my devoted lesbian ponygirl."

Heidi definitely did not like what she heard, but what could she do with
her body betraying her like it was. The ongoing awakening that she might
want, no need, to submit to the will and desire of another person was one
thing. But the fact that the recipient of her submissive desire would be
to another woman was quite something else. Her body might not care from
whom played with it, but her mind sure did. That's why she closed her eyes
in shame while biting down hard on the cloth gag that kept her teeth only
a fraction of an inch apart now.

"Well I do declare! If my pretty little filly gets any more wet, I surely
doubt if she will be able to hold these precious toys inside of her."

Sheila mocking voice of a southern bell in affectionate humiliating
conversation with her prized mare was only adding to Heidi emotional
distress. But that was the least of Heidi's worries now. For Sheila had
just begun to slowly push the first Ben Waa into her dripping pussy.

Heidi's eyes closed even tighter when she felt that first kiss upon her
tender pussy lips. Her body twitched just a little in trying to accept
it's cool presents as it first began to french her, inside her warm moist
genital mouth. She even let out a long soft moan, it's length coinciding
exactly to the depth of it's passage into her. And when that slick shinny
ball stopped, to finally come to rest within the depths of her sexual
being, she let out a heavy sigh of remorse. It bothered her to think how
far she had descended into becoming such a non human entity, a mer
receptacle of someone's sick sexual pleasure.

Sheila, on the other hand, was all bright eyes and lusting smiles as she
remained focused on her beloved Musk's expression. An expression that
reflected a love-hate relationship deep within Heidi's submissive soul.
And as she pushed the second animated sphere into her play toy's
salivating pussy, to come to rest right next to it's menacing sister, she
knew that with only a little more time she could turn this cock loving
bitch into a first class lesbian sex slave oh her very own.

"If only I had a little more time my precious pony," Sheila whispered
softly into Heidi's ear as she slowly removed her glistening wet finger
from the girl's receptive hole.

Sir Winfred purposefully cleared his throat in a more than generous manner
to subtly remind his emotionally involved pupil that time was still a
factor. He had finished with his ponygirl without the intimate ceremony
that Sheila was going through. Just a little added man made lubricant from
a tube to the outer surface of the balls and soon they were sitting very
pretty and out of sight in their warm cubby hole. It might not have been
all that physically arousing for the girl having those two balls abruptly
thrust inside of her like he did. But, that's life. The Ben Waas were in
and the pussy harness could now be fasten in place. There would be more
than enough time for the girl to become aroused by the Ben Waas later when
she was moving about. After all, that is how those things were "suppose"
to work.

Sheila caught the audible inference from Sir Winfred to get her butt in
gear and quickly went to work with the remaining of the body harness.

There really wasn't much to it, but it was very pretty the way Sir Winfred
had it designed. Two straps, about a half inch wide, came down from the
front sides of the waist belt to follow just above the natural fold
created by the legs and torso. They ended at the two upper lobes of a
heart shaped pussy harness.

The pussy harness was nothing more than a one inch wide piece of leather
shaped into the outline of a heart. This heart shaped frame was slightly
concave to match the curved surface of the girl's triangle shaped pubes
that it was to rest upon. And when it was placed exactly so, it completely
covered the edge of the pony suit's opening while still leaving the entire
genitalia area in full view and aptly centered inside. Sheila marveled at
it's design, for the inside point created by the curving upper lobes of
the heart was situated right above the apex of the labia lips. It looked
like an arrow pointing directly at the girl's pierced clit hood in order
to draw more attention to it.

At the bottom of the heart shaped harness was another half inch strap that
ran under and then up the crack of Heidi's butt to be buckled to her waist
belt. Sheila noticed that in this butt strap there was a small hole with a
slit running through it. She new it was there for the tail, but it's
placement on the strap seemed to be to high up in relation to where the
hole was on the inserted butt plug. She thought about bringing this up to
Sir Winfred attention, but then decided to wait to see how things worked
out when she was given the tail.

When the back strap was secured in place, it put tension on the heart
shaped pussy harness that caused the fleshy outer area of the girl's pussy
lips to plump up in the opening. And this, slight bulging of genital
flesh, had a closing effect on the girl's pussy. Thus the Ben Waas would
stay safely inside with no chance of them popping out. No matter how
active or how wet the prancing ponygirls got.

As soon as Sheila had everything in place and all snugged up, she couldn't
keep herself from playing with Heidi's puffed out pussy, looking so
inviting the way it was. But as soon as she heard Sir Winfred's voice
addressing her, her hand disappeared from that luscious sweet spot like a
child who almost got caught with their hand in the cookie jar.

"So my dear Sheila, now do you see the reason for the shoulder brace?"

Sheila made a questioning expression wondering what in the world Sir
Winfred was talking about. But once her mind-set was raise to a much
higher level "on" the girl's body, then she knew what Sir Winfred was
referring to. She maneuvered herself into a standing position next to her
mentor and they both took a good long look at a much different appearing
Heidi. A Heidi that was well on her way to becoming a very exotic, very
erotic, half human, half animal creature of fantasy. And a Heidi who's
disheartening facial expression was no longer caused by just her corset
alone.

"Yes I do Sir Winfred. I see why the shoulder brace was needed. For the
harness is there just for show, to please the eye and has very little to
do with function."

"And can you also see what I meant about the mixing and blending of those
symbolic characteristics we talked about? Can you see that the entire look
of the girl is much different now? She still has her very pleasing female
form with her small waist and wide hips. But they are now presented in a
bold, strong, almost manly way with her square off shoulders and deep
angled torso. But then again, see how her body harness flows around her in
two big soft winding curves that directly accent her own two round
impressive female breasts. And down there, right between those two
powerful muscular legs of hers, is the emblem of pure womanhood. So
delicate and so beautiful in it's stark nakedness that it is brought out
even more so with that heart shaped harness. Now can you see the contrast
of power and softness, of obtrusive masculine strength and yielding
feminine flesh? And then the greatest contrast of them all, between human
and animal. All that I have spoken of, all that has given praise to her as
a viable human being with her mixture of pleasing femininity and masculine
pride. It is all held in check by that second skin she wears as if it was
her very own. And look at it, that color, that design, that texture, it
all screams out that this is not the skin of a human being, this is the
covering of an animal. And the type of animal that is declared with
strength and pride is set forth there in her animal hoofs. This, my dear
Sheila, is a ponygirl in the making!"

Sheila seemed mesmerized by Sir Winfred's words of passion. She was like a
child being told a magnificent fairly tale by her beloved grandfather. But
this story was true. Just as true as the hungry look on her face for more.

Then Sir Winfred moved in close to whisper in her ear.

"And the best, is yet, to come."

A smile of incredible satisfaction grew on Sheila's face. She then turned
in anxious anticipation of what inhuman item was next on Sir Winfred's
wonderful list. Only to be asked by her creative mentor if she was ready
to pin the tail on the pony.

That child like glow of intense enthusiasm readily beamed from Sheila's
face. And as she waited, almost bouncing in place for said tail, Sir
Winfred added a minor prologue to his prior question.

"But before the tail goes in," Sir Winfred said in way that reflected the
addition of a ho-hum clause to an otherwise very attractive contract, "we
must first bundle their arms behind them."

It really didn't matter to Sheila. She was more than willing to continue
the job no matter what item was next on the list. It was all a delightful
learning experience for her and one she would remember for as long as she
lived.

Sir Winfred then took his position back behind Katie after he rotated her
about face. Sheila positioned herself and Heidi the same.

"Now Sheila, after removing your ponygirl's right wrist from the spreader
bar above her like so, you will notice an opening there on one side of the
wrist with a slight excess of material running down the length of her
forearm. That added elongated pouch is in fact another sleeve. The purpose
of which, is to slip the other pod-like hand and forearm through it behind
her back. So, if you will, please do so."

Both Sir Winfred and Sheila went right to work while Katie and Heidi
remained silent and malleable like dolls. It looked like a fairly straight
forward process to Sheila, and one that at first seemed like a piece of
cake given Heidi's cooperative flexibility. But as the job progressed, it
was becoming more and more difficult to simply slip the left arm into the
sleeve. She soon found it necessary to reverse the process by having to
work the sleeve over the arm in minute increments.

Little by little she would stretch the material this way and that way in
what was becoming an ever increasing task akin to putting long fingers
into very narrow glove holes. It was apparent that there was more to this
piggy-back sleeve arrangement than met the eye.

"When you get far enough along Sheila, you will notice another little
opening on the other arm sleeve near the elbow. This small pouch like
opening is for the hand pod and wrist of the right hand to enter into. You
are going to find that both sleeves will soon be a very tight fit in due
course and one you must work at with care to make them both come out all
nice and smooth like. Don't rush it, or try to force it too much. All you
need do is to just coax them along and soon you will have a very nice "U"
shaped tube with no outward signs of a hand, a wrist, or the tapered
length of a long feminine forearm what-so-ever."

Sheila persevered to no end to make it happen. She did not push it like
Sir Winfred stated. But in the end, there were a few beads of sweat on her
forehead as a result of the hard work needed to obtain the desired
results.

"Once you have both arms securely in place, look about a few inches along
both ends of the doubled up forearms for a hole and a small draw string
exiting it. There should be two knotted strings per hole. All you need do
is to pull on the two strings, tie them off and remove the excess with the
scissors. What happens is that the outer sleeve of one arm grasp's around
the inner wrist of the other. And once both ends are knotted off it is
impossible to remove either arm from it's pouch."

This was the easiest of the entire process. And once done, Sheila simply
could not believe how smooth and hidden the whole doubled up arm area was.
There had to be some kind of thick expertly well shaped padding involved
to give such a flawless appearance. It must have taken a lot of expertise
to come up with some sort of seamstress formula to do something like this.
Something that Sheila had a lot of appreciation for and wouldn't mind
participating in either, if truth be told.

"Now, to finish it off, wrap the three equally spaced narrow straps from
the top of the waist belt around the folded arm area and then buckle them
to their corresponding mates waiting for them from which they came. At
this point both girls will not only have their arms totally useless to
them, but they will be void from sight by anyone looking for such human
characteristics there in."

When Sheila finished strapping them down she went to inspecting the whole
arrangement. It was delightfully solid all right. And except for some
token movement in the entire "U" shape tube, which only made the visual
image of their inescapable helplessness more appealing, it was as Sir
Winfred had stated. Their arms were void from view and totally useless as
any human appendage could possibly be, and still be present.

When Sheila turned Heidi around to take a good look at her, she could
easily see the reason for binding, or better put cocooning, the girl's
arms behind her. It was again what Sir Winfred had told her before, about
enhancing some attributes and hiding others. The arms and hands were
definitely a major human characteristic that needed to be played down in
creating the ponygirl image. He could have put them in a standard single
glove arm sheath, but then the podded hand part would have gotten in the
way of the girl's tail. He also could have crossed them behind her back.
Not in a backwards prayer position for neither girl was no where near
limber enough for that. But he could have simply crossed them in back with
the wrist of one near the shoulder blade of the other and kept them that
way with an extensive body harness. Then the ponygirl suit could have been
modified to cover the whole affair making it look as if she had no arms at
all. But as Sheila continued to look at Heidi, with that image in her
mind's eye of Musk standing there with no arms, it still didn't look
right. Oh it would have been an eye catcher at the party all right, and
one she would have been more than happy to create too. But the longer she
compared the two, the one before her eyes and the one in her mind, she had
to come to the conclusion that this one was far better. And again, it was
all based on Sir Winfred's idea of blending things, and using the visible
to describe the invisible.

Without arms, the look of the girl would have been shifted far to much
over to that of an animal, the pony part of the ponygirl equation. But
with the arms present, or better yet, with the "hint" that they were still
there, it balanced the ponygirl equation in a real fun and creative way.
Anyone viewing her from the front could plainly see that the creature
before them was still a viable human being. But, as the curious eye
traveled down along the upper arm, around the elbow and then going behind
the girl, to quench that curious desire to know, one is surprised with
seeing nothing! Just a tube like structure blending both well define
articulate hands and forearms into one shapeless mass. Thus, a major human
characteristic simply fades away into nothingness, and in an area that
really brings out another major attribute on the other side of the
ponygirl equation, their tail.

When the idea of the tail came into Sheila's mind, she turned in the
direction of Sir Winfred who was now in the process of bringing one of
those impressive tails over to her.

"This, my dear Sheila, is the most important attribute of a ponygirl. Even
though the pony hoof is more intricate in it's construction and much more
dramatic when first viewed, it is the "tail" that really brings out the
essence of the word "pony" in the name "ponygirl".

"Look at it my dear, and see how it moves and swishes about. See how it
catches and holds the eye in a heighten state of excitement. And when it
is at rest, in all it's dignified glory, see how it begs to be touched and
stroked. That is why it is extremely important for a pony tail to be more
than just an add on, or mer accessory. It must have the virtual soul of a
ponygirl crafted inside of it. It is the tail that truly brings the
ponygirl dream to life. And with the highly gifted craftsmen of Ms.
Davenport's workshop, I think these pony tails live up to that
expectation."

At the end of that little speech Sir Winfred handed that marvellous thing
of beauty over to Sheila.

Sheila starred at it for a few seconds, just enough time for her to wipe
the palms of her hands along the side of her spotlessly clean jeans. Then
she picked it up with both hands as if it was the legendary Excaliber of
old.

Sir Winfred left her with it knowing that she was more than capable of
figuring out how it was to be installed.

Sheila was captivated at how simple it was. Some fake long hair attached
to a center support that in turned ended in a plug. A plug that would then
be mated with the hollow plug that was already seated deeply into Heidi's
rear end. But the longer she looked at it, with that critical eye of hers,
the more details she picked up that made her first impression of
simplicity easily fall by the way side.

For one thing, the center support was in the form of a checked mark. The
shorter side of which was the end that went inside the butt plug. And as
Sheila held this part in her hand she could feel how heavy it was. She
surmised the reason for the weight was so it could act as a foundation, a
stationary point, for the rest of the tail to move from. With this end
firmly planted inside the girl's butt plug, the entire tail was able to
flow in the breeze when the girl moved as if it had life to it. She even
simulated the effect by grasping the butt end and slowly waving it from
side to side like a flag. By doing this, she was surprised to find how
light and airy the other side of the check mark was, given it visual bulk.
She smiled whimsically when she seen how the centered support formed into
a gentle rounded arch under it's own weight with the hair cascading down
and around from it like a spectacular waterfall. Sheila could not get over
how alive it felt as it floated in waves from side to side while in her
hands.

This beautiful part of the tail was indeed very impressive. It seemed to
be made entirely out of different lengths of hair to make it look more
real. And the overall color matched that of the pony suit, except that it
was a couple of shades lighter to make it stand out, but not brazenly so.
It even had the same grayish color that was selectively distributed in the
pony suit as well. But this darker color was localized to the root area
where it emanated from the hidden support and then slowly faded out with
the length of the hair until the last third of it was a spectacular white.

When Sheila took a closer look, she found that these wonderful hairs
weren't made of hair at all, which made sense after one thought about it.
If the tail was truly made from real hair, then given it's long and
massive appearance, it would have been much heavier than it was. These
hairs however were made from some sort of super light fiber that had a
unique and pleasant feel to them. One that Sheila enjoyed immensely when
she pulled it through her hand and fingers the way she did.

Then she noticed something else about it, no tangles. Each hair seemed to
keep it's unique individuality no matter what she did to it. It would not
kink, break or remain haphazardly interwoven with those next to it. In a
way, Sheila was a bit envious of it. Her own high maintenance blonde hair
was nothing as care free as this. Then she heard a distinct poignant cough
that quickly put her back on the right track.

Sheila took hold of the small ring on Heidi's collar and began to guide
her into a slightly bent over position. And with the highly restricted
corset on, Heidi had no choice but to bend at the hips now, and even that
required her to spread her legs a little in the process.

Once in position, Sheila unbuckled the strap that was going up the crack
of the girl's butt. Now she knew the reason for having the hole in the
leather much higher up than where the butt plug orifice was. She slipped
the plug end of the tail through the hole on the strap, which was made
bigger by the slit through it, and was now ready for insertion.

It took a bit of doing, not so much because of a size problem, but because
of the excess flesh that was being pushed down from the corset and the
tightness of the pony suit around the girl's ample derriere. These two
forces were causing the hole to be covered up by the girl's supple flesh.
So a little hunting and pecking was first required by Sheila. When she did
find the hole, she had to take some care in pushing the plug in so as not
to catch and pinch any unwanted flesh in the process.

Sheila was spurred on to be more aggressive in her task when she heard a
distinctive sharp yelp coming from Katie's cleaved gagged mouth. That was
an indication that Sir Winfred had his tail plug fully inserted and the
locking mechanism engaged.

A short time later Heidi too emitted a sharp painful sound of doom when
Sheila had her persnickety tail pushed deep into it's receptacle and
securely latched in. Now all she had to do was to manipulate the dual
fleshy cheeks around the tail structure that extended up the crack of the
girl's butt. Once she had that part nicely nestled in, she reaffirmed the
half inch strap back into the butt crack and over the tail structure with
the hole in the strap at the proper place just below the tail bone. Then
she threaded the strap through the buckle on the waist belt and tightened
it up. She told Heidi to go into pony stance and then made sure both the
pussy harness and ponytail was situated just like it should be before
adjusting the strap one last time.

"Well done my dear! I could not have done a better job." Sir Winfred was
back at the table again, sitting down in a nearby chair as he complimented
his pupil for doing such a good job.

"Would you care to sit down for awhile my dear? The last part of the
ponygirl outfit is the head piece, but it hasn't arrived quite yet. So we
might as well take it easy for awhile."

He then took out his pocket watch to check the time.

"My word! We must have worked faster than I thought. For I see that we
have plenty of free time. Which means there is no need to worry about our
current delay. So, if by chance you might have any questions for me,
please, feel free to ask them my dear."

Sheila did have a lot of question, but for some reason she couldn't
remember a single one of them. Then she looked over at both of the
ponygirls to see if they might stir her memory. But instead they seemed to
blank them out even more. No doubt due to how wonderful they were turning
out.

She thought about raising a fuss with them because they wouldn't stay in
pony stance. Then she thought again at what they were going through. What,
with the tight corset, shoulder brace, mummified forearms, their pony
hoofs and now their totally new appendage sticking out of their rear ends.
They were probably just trying to work the kinks out and get accustomed to
what they were wearing. It wasn't every day in their lives that they were
transformed from human being to servile animal in a matter of hours. And
they did seem to be trying their best to stay in one spot, of which those
Ben Waas were of little help either she speculated. Besides, they just
looked so good, and real, shifting their weight back and forth from one
pony hoof to the other like they were. And her precious Musk was the one
who always got her attention first. She just loved her projecting breasts
and positively adorable perky nipples. Then a question did come to her
mind.

"Sir Winfred, I was wondering about the girl's breasts. Why did you cover
them the way you did instead of showing them off like their butts? I mean,
it's not like they were sagging, or misshapen in any way. In fact, they
are very good looking. Very smooth and soft. Almost perfect in appearance
and symmetry. They practically beg for me to touch them, and cuddle them,
and stroke them, and . . . .

"Ummm, yes my dear, I do see what you mean." Sir Winfred quickly
interrupted his pupil from adding any more arousing erotic words of
passion that would soon have her up on her feet and playing with her
favorite ponygirl again.

"And your question is a most excellent one at that Sheila. You are correct
in saying that I could have taken them down that path of further erotic
nudity, and, for all the reasons you have mentioned as well. But I didn't.
In some ways it's simply a matter of choice, or personal preference. And
in others, one must look to the whole picture to find the correct way to
go, as did I. To be honest my dear young lady. I too was looking forward
to showing off their above average feminine charms. But again, everything
must be put in context, otherwise perspective is lost."

All Sir Winfred needed was that one look of confusion spread across
Sheila's face for him to continue to explain his reasoning.

"For example, picture in your mind, the ponygirls dressed as you said,
with bare breasts."

Sheila turned her head and looked directly at Heidi. A very lusting grin
soon formed on her face. One that did not go unnoticed by Sir Winfred.

"Now, picture her again, this time making the grand entry. Imagine her,
and Jasmine, prancing in perfect formation, being driven by a beautiful
coachwoman, you, sitting upon an exceptionally well crafted sleigh with an
exquisitely dressed and happy Madame Rouso riding in back. And after
having that image well entranced in your mind, what do you think will
catch the crowd's eye first?"

Before Sheila could open her mouth to answer, Sir Winfred blurted out the
answer.

"That's right! The girls breasts. Those big, beautiful, well formed,
youthful, quivering, jiggling and bouncing orbs of delightful arousing
feminine flesh. Of course the people will look further around as well. To
see how they are dressed, to the sleigh, Madame Rouso and even at you too.
But each time their eyes begin to stray to those other places, their
peripheral vision will pulled their focus back to the girls trembling,
swaying and vivacious breasts. Those energetic milk glands would virtually
dominate the entire scene and thus make the entire effect less than
grandiose."

For a second Sheila thought that Sir Winfred's explanation was a bit far
fetched. But upon further thought, upon her own interest in Heidi's
bountiful bosom, she could see the wisdom in Sir Winfred's words.

"Now then, if we cover them up, making sure in the process that both
girl's were the same size, and, making bare only their aureolas and
nipples this time. We no longer have animated breasts that steal the scene
if you will. What we do have however, is the hint of a pair of remarkable
robust female breasts that are sheathed in what looks like animal skin.
Animal skin that carries the observing eye from one particular part of
their body to another, and then off to a completely different area after
that. Why? Because it is all coordinated together with no one item or body
part dominating the whole. Does that answer your question Sheila?"

Sheila began nodding her head in a most impressive yes. She was about to
tell Sir Winfred how brilliant it was, the entire concept and all, but the
door to the room began to open and in walked Ms. Davenport. And not too
far behind her where two work unit Xmas maids, each carrying some
extravagant head piece on trays in front of them.

"Ah! And I see the remaining part of their costumes has arrived, just in
time I might add," Sir Winfred joyfully voiced as he leaped to his feet,
or as best a man of his advanced years could.

He made a clear spot on the table so the silent, smiling, gagged maids
with their tinkling ankle and wrist chains could put them down right there
on the spot. And when that was done, the identical looking maids did a
very nice curtsey and headed out of the room closing the door behind them.

"So, Sir Winfred, do the head pieces meet with your expectations," Judith
asked with a knowing smile on her face.

Sir Winfred lifted one of those Los Vegas type show girl head wear from
the table and did a through examination of it.

Sheila thought those extravagant head pieces were going to be very heavy.
But the way Sir Winfred handled them they seemed to be just the opposite.

"Well now Ms. Davenport, I do believe my assistant here could best answer
that question for you. If you would Sheila."

Sheila was both extremely nervous and uncontrollably curious to check out
the beautiful head covering as it was handed over to her. Her first
impression was to confirm what she had seen when Sir Winfred had it. It
was indeed very light. And what weight there was, was concentrated in the
stiff head wrap itself and not in the flamboyant mane. A mane that seemed
to sprout out from it like a spectacular fountain with a mass that was
easily twice that of the girl's pony tails.

The open cowl itself was made from the same material, and color, as the
pony suits. However, it was much less flexible in it's construction. It
also had a very thin layer of padding on the inside, like the pony boots
minus the slick satin material covering it. It seemed to be made to fit
like a football helmet, but it covered and fitted the rounded contours of
the girl's head with greater detail and precision. It even had a well
defined area in front, an oval opening, to let the entire face stick
through unobstructed.

Sheila surmised that the entire helmet like cowl was held in place by two
flaps that hung down from the bottom, much like a chin strap on said
mentioned helmet except more so. These flaps had some degree of stretch
and flexibility to them that was nearly equal to that of the pony suit
itself. The flaps also had a series of small holes along there edges. It
was obvious that these two flaps would be held together with small
diameter laces under the chin. And once they were laced up, the entire
area under the jaw would be covered to match the rest of their pony suits.

Along with the dangling flaps were a few dangling leather straps as well.
These were about a half inch wide and matched those on the body harness,
including the polished metal inserts. Sheila took it for granted that
these straps made up the bridal. But she was a bit puzzled on how simple
the bridal was. She was expecting something much more elaborate and bold,
maybe with blinders on it. But this one was made up with only two main
straps. One circling the head horizontally at the forehead and the other
wrapping around the head vertically just in front of the pony ears.

It was the ears on the horse's cowl that really tickled Sheila the most.
They looked so real in every way. There size and shape seemed to be in
exact proportional to the overall size of the ponygirl's head, thus not
allowing them to stand out like sore thumbs or be so diminutive as to be
lost in their long flowing mane. They even had that light pinkish color
inside of them, as well as the little extra tuff of hair at the tips.

When Sheila held the cowl out in front of her, she couldn't believe how
beautiful it was going to look on the girls. That's when she decided to
answer the question that was transferred to her.

"I don't know what Sir Winfred had in mind when he designed this Ms.
Davenport, but I do know this. They are going to be the cherry on the cake
once we have them in place. They are truly exceptional works of art, both
in design and craftsmanship."

Both Sir Winfred and Judith looked at one another with a knowing nod of
the head. Sheila was correct on both points. And her analogy was correct
as well. They were going to be the crowning glory that really brought out
the entire concept of what a ponygirl was.

"So my dear Sheila, let us not waste a second more." And after Sir Winfred
said that, he picked up the other head piece. Then both teacher and pupil
went off to their respective living works of art.

Judith noticed that the ponygirls still had their cloth gags on. So she
quickly lent a hand in there removal, doing Sir Winfred's ponygirl first
and then Sheila's.

While Katie and Heidi were busy working their mouths about, to remove the
discomfort left by their gags, they could feel the head gear being lowered
upon their bald heads.

It wasn't an all together too weird of a feeling for the girls. They both
had the opportunity to wear motorcycle helmets on a few occasions and the
process seemed to be very much like that. Except back then they both had
full luscious heads of beautiful long hair to contend with. But once their
head ornaments were fitted snugly in place with their soft lining adhering
conformably to their naked skulls, it wasn't all that uncomfortable. And
once their chin straps were laced into position, which only made their
helmets more at one with their entire heads, they did notice something
very strange.

It was their manes. They could feel something very pompous shooting out
from the top and back of their heads, and it reminded them of a ponytail
they wore when they were kids, only more so. It even had bangs drifting
out and down over their foreheads with a matching pair of long serrated
strands running half way along the sides of their faces.

They began to move their heads a little from side to side and then up and
down to get a better idea of what their new head covering was like. The
results told them that it was indeed a massive thing, but at the same time
quite light. It was obvious to them that the vast majority of it was
running down their backs, extending all the way down to their cinched in
waists, which they were finally getting use to.

When Sheila vocally told Heidi to bend at the waist so she could fasten a
strap that was part of her bridal, both girls discovered something else
that was totally different with regards to their new pony heads. It was
their sense of hearing.

At first, their hearing was noticeably reduced from having the helmet
placed over their heads. Then, when it was situated in the correct manner
with the chin flaps all done up, their hearing improved, but it was very
different. It felt like they were hearing things from the end of a long
tube and it was very directional. They found that by moving their heads
around, the intensity of the sound would either increase or decrease
markedly. It had to be the result of their elongated horse's ears that was
causing them to have this new sense of hearing.

Sheila was busy moving from side to side around Heidi's head trying to
figure out how to tighten up the horizontal strap. She could see how it
went across the girl's forehead, over her pony skin cowl and under her
lovely pony bangs in front. And she could even see how it passed along the
side of the girl's head right behind her cute ponygirl ears. But when she
looked behind the girl's head for the buckle to snug it up with, there was
none there. No buckle, and, no strap.

It was only under closer inspection that she could see that there was in
fact a strap there, and it did go behind the girl's head, but it did so
via a slit and hidden sleeve in the pony cowl. It soon became apparent to
her why Sir Winfred wanted it this way. So it would not offset the visual
effect of the girl's pretty mane as it flowed out of her head and down her
back. But that still left her with the problem of how to tighten up that
strap.

"Ah HA," Sheila exclaimed as she suddenly found the answer she was looking
for.

Hidden behind both ears she discovered a pair of miniature buckles. They
were so small that originally she mistook them for some of those shiny
metal inserts in the bridal harness. But once she did recognize them for
what they were, it was relatively easy for her to gingerly maneuver her
delicate feminine fingers into the tight valley between the ponygirl's
head and ear to make the adjustments. That's also when she found the
reason for having two of these buckle arrangements instead of just one.
With two buckles one could easily adjust the leather strap with all it's
decorative inserts so it was symmetrically placed across the girl's
forehead and still have those tiny buckles hidden out of sight behind the
ears.

When she had that strap done up correctly, she then moved on to the other
vertical one, which included the bit setup. But as she went to fetch that
curious bit, Sir Winfred quickly remarked to her, "Not yet."

She then looked over the top of the table and wondered what could possibly
be next since the bit seemed to be the most logical choice. Then she
spotted something resting on the far corner of the table.

"That must be it," she stated quietly to herself.

When Sir Winfred finished snugging up his ponygirl's forehead strap, which
took him longer because of his old pudgy fingers, he turned and saw Sheila
waiting for him with the make-up kit opened. He formed a pleasant smile at
the thought of how this lovely lady could read his mind so accurately now.
Then he clapped his hands together in anxious anticipation of the
project's soon completion.

"All set and ready to go I see, good! All we have left are just a few more
items and they will be finished. Now then, when it comes to making up the
girls faces, all I can tell you is the "look" I after. It will be up to
you to try and obtain that desired look that I am, umm, looking for, if
you will."

Both Judith and Sheila gave a little giggle with Sir Winfred's unexcepted
pun on words.

"What I would like to see is a fresh clean healthy face that really brings
out their innocent big eyes. Now, if you would do that while I see to a
very personal matter, we can then insert their horse bits on my return, in
say, 20 minutes or so."

Sir Winfred turned and took his leave. At this point in time, he had need
to visit to the rest room. One side effect of getting old made it
necessary for him to make regular visits to the louve. And this one was
well beyond it's desired time.

Judith saw a distressed look on Sheila's face. It wasn't from the lack of
expertise in the field. Most women her age had a wealth of practice in
making up their pretty faces. It was just that time was getting short and
she always seemed to take too much of it in performing the most menial
tasks. That's when Judith stepped in.

"Sheila, would you mind if I lent a hand with this part? I am simply
itching to do something and it might help things go a little faster as
well. You just show me how you want it done with Musk and I'll repeat the
procedure here with Jasmine."

She then took hold of Katie's ringed collar and aggressively moved her
over to where Heidi was in order to make the copying process easier.

Judith didn't mind asking for permission instead of just taking control,
which was her right. She knew her former assistant had already moved to
the next level in her expertise, and one where Judith considered her as an
equal now. Besides, she wanted to see how Sheila acted first hand when the
control reins were passed on to her.

Sheila was overjoyed with having Judith's help. And now she look upon her
task with great optimism. She even saw Judith in a new light too. Much
less the boss and more like a good close friend.

The first thing Sheila did was to pick up the bolt cutters sitting on the
table and used them to remove Heidi's nose ring. Judith watched with
surprise at what she was doing, but did not stop her. This was going to be
all Sheila's idea and she didn't want to ruin it for her. So after Sheila
was finished with the monster cutter, she passed it on to Judith to do the
same thing with Katie's little control ring.

Both Heidi and Katie began twitching their noses like curious little
rabbits. The removal of their nose ring was a most positive event for
them. But the offset of such a happy circumstance was that they now had
the proverbial itch that just could not be scratch, tried as they did. It
was Sheila who finally caved in first to their distressing predicament by
gently massaging Heidi's nose. Judith soon followed suit with Katie,
although her way to sooth Katie's discomfort was to simply pinch her nose
and wiggle it a little. Something that worked for Katie, but rudely so.

After that, Sheila conversed with Judith as to how she wanted to approach
putting on the girl's make up. Sheila thought about taking advantage of
their natural fresh young looks by putting on the minimum needed. And only
adding a copious amount of dark eye liner and a pair of false eye lashes
to really bring out their eyes. If Sir Winfred wanted that very feminine,
very innocent, doe eyed, Bambie the deer look, than that's what he was
going to get.

It took very little time for both women to work their magic on the two
girls. Both of which stood motionless in regal pony stance the entire
time. The only thing left after that was to apply some really bright
cherry red lipstick and they would be done. Or so Judith thought.

Judith was mystified as to the reason why Sheila was just standing there,
in front of Heidi and simply looking at her. At first she caught Sheila
staring at Heidi's face. Then she seen Sheila change her interest to that
of the girl's expose aureolas and nipples. And then again to her heart
shaped encapsulated pussy lips. It was as if Sheila was taking all three
area's into consideration for some reason. Then Sheila picked up a tube of
lipstick and checked the color by putting a smidgeon of it on the back of
her hand. She then took it over to Heidi's aureolas and compared the two.

As soon as she saw Sheila smile, she knew something was up. That's when
she watched Sheila apply that same color to both of Heidi's aureolas. And
after that, to the lips on her mouth. Judith was a bit perplexed by that.
Not so much with where Sheila was putting it, but the color she used. It
wasn't the bright cherry red that she would have picked, but only a
slightly, unostentatious, shade of red that was a shade or two darker than
the girl's aureolas to begin with. Judith was about to ask her why, but
she decided to remained true to her plan, playing the silent assistant,
which was getting harder and harder to do with each step of the way.

It wasn't until she seen Sheila use that same long wear lipstick on the
exposed surface of Heidi's labia lips that Judith's curiosity got the
better of her. And the answer she received back made her really pause and
think.

"Well, you see Ms. Davenport, Sir Winfred has this over all concept thing.
He wants to blend certain characteristics of what makes up a horse and a
girl while still maintaining those attributes that are pure and symbolic
of each in order to get the perfect ponygirl out of it. At least that's
how I understand it. That's why I did what I did with the lipstick. It's
kind of hard for me to explain it to you. But basically the whole idea is
to have certain parts stand out, but not to the point of being gaudy, I
think. I know Sir Winfred could explain it to you much better than I could
Ms. Davenport."

Judith nodded her head with a knowing smile. She did have some idea of
what Sheila was telling her. And even though Sheila wasn't comfortable
with explaining it to someone else yet, she did in fact understand it
perfectly.

Sheila passed the tube of lipstick over to Judith and she too did the same
with Katie. Except her series ended with it's application to the lips of
Katie's mouth right after she did the girl's labia lips.

At that point the ponygirls were done according to Sir Winfred's
requirements and thus ready to have the horse bit inserted. But Sir
Winfred was not back yet. Again, the long period of inactivity was causing
Sheila to become anxious. Time was ticking by and the weight of the hour
was even affecting Judith. For not only did she still have to arrange for
transportation of the ponygirls to Madame Rouso's estate, but she had to
get ready for the party herself. That's when she made another suggestion
of inserting the bit themselves, since it really didn't require that much
expertise to begin with.

Sheila quickly jumped on the idea as she lunged towards the table like a
race horse out of the starting gate. She picked up both bits and handed
one over to Judith, who was eagerly waiting for it with her opened hand.

It was as if Judith and Sheila were acting as one, as they simultaneously
said the word "Open" in a commanding voice to each of their corresponding
ponygirls. Both Katie and Heidi responded on command and opened their
mouths, but it was difficult. The connected flaps under their jaws were
acting like broad rubber bands with minimum stretch. So even though it did
allow them to open their mouths to receive the bit, it was not without
some effort on their part to keep them open.

Sheila expected this since she had the experience of lacing the flaps up
to begin with, but Judith didn't. So Katie's less than enthusiastic
response to keep her mouth wide open was seen by Judith as a sign of
reluctant cooperation of her part. And Judith's way in dealing with such
stubbornness was to be even more dynamic in forcing the rubber coated bit
into her mouth.

It was the repeated grunts and moans of distress coming from Katie that
caught Sheila's attention. She quickly came to Katie's rescue as she
informed her "assistant", most diplomatically, on the limitation of the
material under Katie's jaw.

Judith responded back with just a simple audible "awe" of enlightenment.
And then went back to forcing the bit in place with possibly a little less
zeal this time. At which point Sir Winfred came back into the room.

Seeing another political solution just unfold before her, Sheila took the
opportunity to ask if Judith wanted to talk with Sir Winfred, alone. This
way she could get the much needed practice of setting Jasmine's bit
herself.

Judith, knowing the actions of a concerned mother hen over her beloved
chicks when she saw it, accepted the suggestion without offense. And as
she casually walked over to where Sir Winfred was, Sheila stepped in and
began to work Katie's bit into place with great sensitivity.

Sheila was still a little confused as to how that strange bit was to be
fitted in correctly. For one reason, there was no horizontal strap from
around the girl's head to hold the bit in place and prevent it from being
pushed out. And then there was that build up of rubber material again, at
both ends and on one side of the bit. She wasn't at all sure in which
direction that was suppose to go. She thought that the position of the end
rings might give her a clue, but they only added to the confusion.

That's when she felt a present's behind her. And sure enough, when she
turned around, it was Sir Winfred standing there watching her with a
curious grin on his face.

"It's quite a curious thing, this horse bit of mine, don't you think? I
developed it especially for these two show ponies, and I will show you
why."

And with that, Sheila moved off to the side while Sir Winfred stepped up
to Katie. He then took hold of the ring ends of the bit with each hand and
told Jasmine to open her mouth wide.

"Now, normally when a horse bit is placed in a girl's mouth it is pushed
way to the back like so, and then kept that way with a strap around her
head."

Katie's eyes went as big as saucers as she stared out into the distance
with glassy eyes from having the bit stretched the corners of her mouth
back to the point of severe discomfort.

"As you can see, the result of doing this has caused the lips of the girl
to be stretched taught all along her upper and lower teeth. A very
unbecoming look for a show pony I must say. But, if we moved the bit
forward, just enough for the lips to regain their full feminine plumpness,
the look of the girl has become much more appealing."

A great sigh of relief crossed Katie's face when her mouth regained most
of it's normalcy.

"The question now becomes, how does one anchor the bit in this position?
Of course, one could use a mired of support and connecting straps and
thus, in the process, cover every inch of the girl's head and face. Which
defeats our original desire to have her face looking very natural and
unencumbered. Or, we can remove a molar from each side of the girl's upper
jaw and then line the opening with some metal material to protect the
surrounding teeth and gums. After that it would be quite simple to place
the metal rod of the bit in those two openings. Then all we need do is to
use a matching pair of vertical straps from the bridal harness to keep it
in place. And, the best part of this method is two fold.

"One, it would be easy for the ponygirl to eat and drink while wearing the
bit, which means drooling would no longer be a problem. And drooling is
such an unsightly act for a show pony to begin with.

"And two, it causes the corners of the mouth to rise ever so slightly.
Thereby creating a very attractive soft grin. Which is another one of
those little nuances that reaps major rewards in a ponygirl's over all
appearance."

Both Judith and Sheila were following the logical path that Sir Winfred
was leading them down with much curiosity and enlightenment.

Katie and Heidi were also following Sir Winfred's words as well. Except
when it came to that one major hurtle of having two of their teeth
removed. That was something that almost brought tears to their eyes.

"But alas ladies, we do not have the time for such an intensive task of
dentistry."

Such good news was like a reprieve from a long prison sentence for both
soon to be bitted ponygirls.

"So, I had to do the next best thing. I added a very special rubber-like
substance to the ends of the bit, and made it much thicker on one side of
it. This thick area is then placed up against the top molars like so. And
then the girl is told to bite down hard on the bit."

Katie automatically took Sir Winfred's narrative as a bonafide command and
brought her jaws together hard. She could immediately feel something
forming around her upper molars as her jaws were coming closer and closer
together at the same time.

"You see here, and then here," as Sir Winfred pointed to the girls front
lips and then to one corner of the her mouth.

"See how the lips are brought virtually together in front as if they were
not wearing a bit at all. And see here, at how the corner of the mouth is
push upwards by the rubber as the molars plunge in deeper and deeper into
it."

Sheila and Judith were almost all over one another as they were trying to
see the finer points of Sir Winfred's ingenious creation.

"Once there appears to be no more movement, I use these two narrow straps
from both temple areas of the wider vertical one to secure the bit in
place, like so. The rubber-like substance has now made a vacuum tight
connection with the back molars that is virtually impossible to break."

Then Sir Winfred grabbed both ringed ends of the bit and began pulling,
and shoving, and twisting, and turning Katie's head around as if he was
trying to remove it right from her shoulders. And all the while the bit
remained in perfect position. The result of which answered a concerned
question Sheila had regarding the strength of that same bit/tooth
connection. She was now confident that the bit would stay in it's place no
matter how hard she pulled up on the reins at the party, should the need
arise.

"Now, if you would Sheila, please do the same with your Musk while I talk
privately with Ms. Davenport."

The eager Sheila went right to work on her precious filly while Sir
Winfred slowly escorted Judith to the other side of the room.

Sheila followed Sir Winfred's example to the letter. Gently maneuvering
the bit in so it was only so deep in Heidi's mouth. Then twisting and
aligning it so the bulk of the rubber was right under the girl's upper
molars, centered on the exact same one's on each side. She then told Musk
to bring her jaws together, hard, which Heidi did. And because Sheila was
so curious as to how the thing worked, she poked a finger under Heidi's
lip and raised it up to watch the rubber-like substance make it's
unbreakable vice like grip around the teeth in that area.

Sheila was so engrossed with what was happening that she didn't even hear
the momentary raised concerned voice of Judith behind her. She just looped
the straps through the corresponding bit rings like Sir Winfred showed her
and it was done.

In doing this last part Sheila could see how these two straps not only
kept the bit in place, but also did the main job in keeping the pony
headdress down and secure on the girl's head. The remaining dangling chin
strap, from the vertical strap that went around the girl's head, was
primary just for show. And this fact was made particularly more clear to
her when she attempted to buckle this strap under the girl's chin. For
each time she tried to snug it up, she seen the buckle elongate with some
resistance in the process.

Then it hit her. The reason for the stretchy chin flaps and now the
expanding buckle. They were there so the ponygirl could still move her
bottom jaw. Something that would give her a more visual effect of being
alive and more horse-like instead of that constant boring locked-jaw look.
It would also allow her to eat as well. Eat, as in a cube of sugar as a
reward for being extra good. Sheila made a mental note to bring a few
sugar cubes with her to the party.

When Sheila was done with Heidi, she moved over to finish Katie's chin
strap that Sir Winfred had left for her. And when that was done, she was
about to check the rest of Katie's bridal when she felt the presents of
Sir Winfred, and Judith, right behind her again.

She turned with a joyful expression on her face, all ready for that
critical eye of her most creative mentor. She immediately began looking
for that ok sign that was related to both the bit installation and the
make-up job. But there seemed to be something wrong. It wasn't something
that she could point her finger at in either Sir Winfred or Ms.
Davenport's persona, for they still had that light of happiness about
them. It was just something that she caught in their eyes. And her young
woman's intuition would not let it's subtle importance go.

Sir Winfred took a step forward, right in front of two ponygirl's standing
shoulder to shoulder next to one another. The first thing Sir Winfred
looked at was the girls faces. His eyes were traveling all over them like
a head chef over a finished plate of exquisite cuisine. Then he suddenly
reached up and grabbed one side of Katie's ringed bit and began moving
Katie's head about as if looking for something specific. It wasn't until
he did the same thing with Heidi that Sheila heard him murmur something
about the absence of the girls nose rings. It wasn't enough to clue her in
as to it being a bad thing or a good thing. But it was enough to raise her
anxiety level one more notch.

He was about to say something when his attention was radically turned to
Heidi's nipples. Which was then carried over to Katie's colored nubs as
well. His head began to move up and down between one girl's face and
nipples, and then the same pattern on the other girl. Then his peripheral
vision caught sight of something else that resulted in him taking two
steps back, almost bumping into Judith in the process if she didn't take a
quick side step at the last moment. His forehead took on the furrows of a
frown while the rest of his face turned into something very disagreeable.
If Sheila was looking for some visual clue related to Sir Winfred's
disposition, what she got was making her stomach wrench with a bitter
aftertaste.

Sheila was about to say something, something that had an apology worked
somewhere at the beginning of it when she was startled by Sir Winfred's
words.

"Positively outstanding!" The tone of his voice had a surprised wonder
about it.

"Sheila, this is remarkable! And from what Ms. Davenport has told me, it
was all your idea as well. Bravo my dear. Bravo!"

Sheila almost cried when she heard that. An emotional relief mechanism
that was totally automatic. And when she was sure that neither Sir Winfred
nor Ms. Davenport were looking at her, she rubbed her eyes just to make
sure no tears escaped them.

"I never thought about the finer point of coating the girls lips the same
color as their aureolas and vulvas. And the color choice is most
excellent! Not too bold as to capture and hold one's complete and
exclusive attention. But yet, enough to raise a mild curiosity as to why
those three area's are colored the same. And the solution to which, is
quite an easy one to fathom. It is the symbolic meaning that is inherent
in those three erogenous zones themselves. A meaning that has both an
outright human and a very subtle animal connotation to it. Well done my
dear! Absolutely first class!"

Before Sheila could utter a thank you, Sir Winfred was talking again.

"I see you have removed their nose rings. And I concur. It did seem to be
a little too much leaving those steel rings in like they were. Both girls
have such pleasing feminine features, more so now with your exceptionally
well done make-up work. And if those rings were left in, I do believe
their harsh metal qualities would have overshadowed those sweet angelic
expressions most drastically. The bit alone is enough to symbolize the
domestication of a broken wild beast in contrast to their soft heartfelt
human aura. Once again my dear, very well done!"

This time Sheila was able to say a most touching thank you to Sir Winfred,
and one that she desperately wanted to attach a big warm hug along with
it for all that he had done for her. But Sheila was fearfully put off by
the old Englishman's stoic reserve as he gave only minor awareness to her
verbal thanks while he continued to assess the pair of transformed human
ponies before him.

Judith, on the other hand, seen the unwritten need for human contact on
Sheila's face and filled in the gap left by Sir Winfred. She gave her a
most affectionate warm and hearty hug with joyful whispers of sincere
gratitude laid upon it. She even told Sheila there was something special
planned for her in the very near future as a result of her great success
in helping to create these two beautiful well trained ponygirls. And with
news like that, Sheila's face lit up like a happy child who just found the
presents under the Xmas tree. Judith had to calm her down with sober words
of how the main event had yet to be played out and not to count her
chickens before they were hatched. At which time Sir Winfred had finished
his inspection and began to speak again.

"Well Ladies, there is only one last item to go and I think it would be
apropos if Sheila preformed the final task at hand."

Sir Winfred walked over to the table and collected the dark wooden box
that he initially brought in with him. He took it over to where Judith and
Sheila were standing, and when he was right there in front of them, he
opened the lid.

Both women let out with long astonished gasps when the sparkling things
inside took their breath away.

"I believe that all women should wear some manner of elegant jewelry to a
fancy grand ball, even if they are nothing more than a couple of ponygirls
to begin with. Don't you ladies?"

Sir Winfred was smiling from ear to ear as his rosy cheeks accented most
delightfully the devious little twinkle in his eyes.

Judith was the first to reach into the red felt lined box and extract one
of the six matching pieces of fine jewelry within. Sheila was still too
shocked, and nervous, to take one herself. She was quite comfortable
simply watching with eyes bulging out of their sockets as her now dear
friend examined it's magnificent craftsmanship.

The sparkling trinket was a remarkable work of art. It was only about the
size of a silver dollar, but it's regal beauty came from the fact that it
was expertly made from a platinum alloy with several encrusted diamonds.
The shiny metal took on the shape of a tiny horse shoe. And in those areas
where a nail would go, to fasten it to the hoof of a fictitious miniature
horse, that is where the diamonds were located.

The workmanship was superb as Judith held it up to the light to catch it's
full sparkling brilliance. She held it there by a slender pin that ran
through both ends of the cute little horse shoe. Her other hand was cupped
a short distance underneath it as a safety net if the unthinkable should
happen. It was obvious that the shiny pin was the means by which it was to
be worn by the lucky girl, or ponygirl in this case. The glittering bauble
had such a mesmerizing effect on both women that Sir Winfred had to again
ask Sheila if she would not mind doing the honors in order to break the
spell it had over both of them.

Judith immediately handed the priceless gem over to Sheila. The two acting
with extreme caution as if it was the most precious object in the entire
world. Which under the present circumstances was not too far from the
truth.

Once the exchange was made, Judith volunteered to remove the dull barbells
from all three area's of both girls.

Heidi and Katie were both looking forward to having those damn barbells
removed. They never liked the idea of having their nipples pierced, let
alone their sensitive and private genital area along with them. And having
those things taken out, for whatever reason, was a definite step forward.
Even though they knew something else would soon be replacing them.

Judith, being the task oriented person that she was, was none too gentle
in there removal. With each rapid pull of the bar through their virtually
healed holes, both girls gave a little twitch and a short gasp as a very
strange feeling was generated in the process. A feeling that neither of
them could identify as being pure pain or pure pleasure.

It was not surprising that Sheila went to her favorite ponygirl first. And
when she approached Musk with that shiny thing hanging from her finger
tips, Heidi too was immediately stun by it's uncanny beauty.

Heidi's big made up eyes were glued onto that dazzling piece of jewelry as
it came closer and closer to her right nipple. And for some unknown
reason, she found herself thrusting her chest out in a vein attempt to
receive such a beautiful adornment as if it was a metal of honor. She
didn't even mind when Sheila had to pinch and pull the tip of her nipple
to make the hole move visible and accessible. And when that pin was slowly
pushed through her tiny hole, her eyes closed in softness. For yet another
strange tingle emanated from her nipple, and this one seemed to flow
through her entire breast and across her whole body like a mini wave of
erotic pleasure.

Heidi was barely aware when Sheila found the hidden latch to which she
fastened the equestrian symbol of mastery with semi permanence. She did
however feel the addition of the second decoration to her other nipple as
another mini wave rolled across her body. And if these two trinkets
diverted Heidi's awareness from the discomfort of her ponygirl outfit,
then when the third one was carefully added to her clit hood, she was
definitely put on another plane of existence, if only for a very short
time.

Judith and Sir Winfred took a step back to see how the now fully outfitted
ponygirl looked while Sheila, the ever vigilant assistant, immediately
finished off the pair with much the same reactions in Jasmine. Then Sheila
joined her two mentors as all three were now gazing upon the two
unbelievable visions of bizarre mind boggling beauty.

"Musk, Jasmine!" Sir Winfred spoke out with authority, causing Judith and
Sheila to jump in surprise, and Katie and Heidi to respond with attentive
looks in his direction.

"Go and move about some. Get acquainted with your new outfits. Work
yourself into them. See what you can, and cannot do while wearing them.
But above all, don't fall! You know what happens to horses who cannot walk
don't you?"

Judith and Sheila started giggling like school girls at Sir Winfred's
subtle arcane reference to the glue factory. But Katie and Heidi did not
see the humor in it, especially when they seen the sober expression on the
old Englishman's face. That was enough for them to proceed with utmost
care as they each took small calculated steps in opposite directions.

It wasn't until both girls were a few steps away that they finally turned
and faced one another. And what they saw caused them to freeze on the
spot.

It felt like they were looking at themselves in a mirror instead at one
another. The unique difference that set one off from the other was no
longer there. It was even hard to see who the other actually was any more.
They just stood there, shockingly still, staring at each other, long and
hard. The only identifying characteristic was in their faces, and even
that seemed somewhat remote based on how extravagant their eyes looked and
with their mouths slightly contorted with that bit forced inside of them.

Their long time friendship made it possible for them to know one another
as well as they knew themselves. The color and style of their hair, how
they made up their faces, the style and cut of their clothes and how they
wore them. Even in their characteristic facial expressions, their minute
gestures or simply in the different way they carried themselves. But all
that was gone, and with it, all that made them who they were. They were no
longer a "who" as in two viable unique human beings, one named Katie and
the other named Heidi. They were just a "what" now. A bizarre thing, a
strange creature with some remote resemblance to being human, but just as
much, if not more, to something that was definitely not human at all.

They were looking at one another, but seeing only themselves in some
totally off the wall perverted erotic fantasy. And the longer they looked,
the less they saw of the "once upon a time" Katie and her dear close
friend Heidi. For the longer they looked, the more they saw of what they
had become, two ponygirls. One called Jasmine and the other called Musk.

Their eyes were moving all over one another's form and practically in sync
with each other. So much did there consciousness seem to follow one
another, that when one took a step in one direction the other followed
suit.

They kept on telling themselves how impossible this was, that it was only
a costume, pure fantasy, with no ties to being real at all. But the more
they looked, the more they moved, the more they felt themselves
encapsulated in their new skins, the more reality and fantasy began to
blend together.

They looked at one another's feet and seen only a pair of animal hoofs.
They could feel their feet all right, their human feet, inside what
appeared to be very tall high heel shoes. At least to their sense of touch
they were. But once again, what they felt did not match up with what their
eyes were telling them.

They began to move "it" around, feeling the toe part of their shoe sliding
along the floor and then watching the arc made by the hard animal hoof.
They raised their foot, and up "it" went, their hoof, with it's fringe
hair flowing softly around it. They held it there for a moment and then,
almost in unison, they brought it down to the floor with a thud. The sound
was definitely different from that of a woman's shoe. Then they took a few
steps backwards and then forwards. Again, the sound was of noted concern.
It wasn't the distinct, high pitch, petite sound of an elegant lady
walking in her fashionable high heel shoes. This sound was bold, hard and
heavy that echoed a sense of strength and power. The more they walked in
them the more they liked the sound, and the feel too. The area that met
the floor was bigger, wider, and it had a good solid feel to it, not like
their high heels which only made them self conscious of keeping their
balance at all times. Their new foot wear made them feel more confident,
and without a heel, there was no worry of having it catching on something
or going through something that might cause them to fall.

The only draw back was the lack of movement in their ankles and the sharp
in-line of their foot. But even that was something they thought they could
get use to in time. For the way the pony hoof seemed to engulf their
entire lower leg, it made it feel almost numb. Not as in the complete loss
of circulation, but more like a baby being wrapped up tight in a swaddling
cloth or wrapping oneself up in a thick quilt on a cold rainy day. It made
their lower legs seem warm, secure and as one unit, with no cramped up
toes or week shaky ankles. And if they walked more in a lift and drop
manner, like in a casual prance, it wasn't at all hard for them to get
around either.

The more they explore their new outer wear, the more they found a new
sense of being that came with it. It really didn't feel like just a
costume any more, as in some cute off the shelf fun thing where one size
fits all. What they wore felt more like a uniform denoting profession
status. A formal, extravagant, custom made, very restricted, all
encompassing ensemble that had an almost military feel to it.

Their pony shoes made them walk with a distinct repeatable bold step as if
out on parade. Their corset, shoulder brace, and mummified arms forced
them into an "at attention" silhouette reminiscent of a soldier's
shoulders back, stomach in and chest out stand of control, power and
pride. Their pony skin, bridal, harness and flowing mane and tail, were
exactly like a ceremonious military uniform with it's strong identifying
design denoting "what" they were and "who" they belonged to. And then that
final crowning piece of glory, which they displayed on their prideful
chests with pomp and splendor. Metals, up and down, attesting to their
loyalty, obedience and passionate desire to give it their all to the
cause. They all combined together to make them feel like they were really
something special. And that they were also part of something special as
well. Which definitely gave them a boost to their psyches and human self-
esteem. Even though a faint voice very deep inside them kept echoing the
words "exploited", "dominated" and "exposed".

"They make a very beautiful pair Sir Winfred," Judith said as she then
leaned in to him and gave him a kiss on the cheek.

"Oh, my word," exclaimed Sir Winfred as he was temporarily caught off
guard from the show of physical affection upon his person.

"And that goes double for me too Sir Winfred." Sheila too got into the
emotional display as she gave him both a kiss on his other cheek and a big
loving bear hug.

"Mercy me! I do seem to have the luck of the Irish in receiving such
wonderful thanks from such two beautiful ladies. But I must confess, if it
wasn't for the help of you, my dear lady Ms. Davenport, and you too my
most gifted assistant Sheila, then I fear that our present results would
be no where near this grand. So, I propose, that the three of us share in
the honors in creating such magnificent ponygirl creatures as are these
here two before us."

Sir Winfred put his arms around both Judith and Sheila, who were standing
on either side of him. And they too, put their arms around the massive
girth of the old Englishman in return. Or as much as they could,
considering.

A few minutes passed as all three bathed in the triumph of there once
insurmountable task that was hastily thrust upon them by their mutual
benefactor, Madame Rouso.

It was Judith who came back to the here and now first when the thought of
how much Madame Rouso was going to like them.

"All right everybody, this is no time for us to sit back on our laurels.
We still have a lot of work to do, which includes getting ready for the
party, and remember, time waits for no one."

And with that, Sheila went to get the two leashes and clipped them to each
of the ponygirls collared ring. She then brought them back over to where
Judith and Sir Winfred were discussing things and waited patiently for
them to finish.

It was a short conversation and one that made Sheila feel a little uneasy
about, at least about the part she heard. And when it was over with,
Judith once more took control of the situation.

"Sheila, hand me the ponygirls leads, and if you would, please escort Sir
Winfred out of the complex. I have been informed that a situation has
developed back in England and one that is in need of his personal
attention. And as such, he will not be coming to Madame Rouso's party
tonight, to all our most heartfelt sorrows."

At that point Sheila looked over to Sir Winfred with a look of complete
devastation. She tried to say something, but only her lips were moving,
more like quivering in fact.

Sir Winfred seen his former assistants look of despair and reached out to
comfort her in his arms. His stout, formal, English background had to take
a back seat this time around.

"Now, now my dear, no time for lamentation. You still have some very
important work to do and you need to stay focused and sharp to be at your
best for it. Besides, I have some very good news to give you as you walk
me out."

Sheila was listening half heartily between tear drops, but when she heard
him say "good news" she quickly regained her composure, and her curiosity.

"That's right Sheila," Judith said echoing Sir Winfred optimism, "so why
don't you help Sir Winfred on with his coat while I make arrangements in
transporting these two ponygirls over to Madame Rouso's estate. And when
you are done seeing off Sir Winfred, get yourself ready to. I had your
coachwoman's outfit all laid out for you in the same guest room you used
last night. And when you are done with that, come to my upstairs office
and wait for me. We will go to Madame Rouso's together."

Sheila then lead the way to the human coat rack and removed the old
Englishman's coat and held it out for him.

Sir Winfred gave Judith one last shake of the hand and a warm hug before
following Sheila's path.

Judith walked over to the far side of the table where a phone was located
on the wall. She didn't bother worrying about whether or not the two
ponygirls would follow her like well trained puppies, that, she took for
granted now. And right as rain, Heidi and Katie were clopping along with
their pony hoofs right after her.

Just as Judith was hanging up the phone after a detailed discussion with
the packing and shipping department, Sir Winfred and Sheila exited the
room. Now it was just Judith, Heidi and Katie alone together.

"Well ladies, or should I say ponygirl Jasmine and ponygirl Musk. This is
what they call the moment of truth. From here you will be taken with the
utmost care to Madame Rouso's estate. There you will be harnessed to her
sleigh and made to preform like you have been taught by the hand of your
trainer, Ms. Sheila. I expect only one, of two possible outcomes. Success
or failure. Success will give you back everything you once had, and more!
Failure, well, I think you have seen and heard enough to know what that
will bring for you. I wish you both good luck."

And with that, she tied the leads to a hook in the wall and then turned to
leave. When she got to the door, she stopped. She turned around and called
out, "Jasmine, Musk, face me, and present yourself in pony stance, now!"

Katie and Heidi quickly moved into position, shoulder to shoulder, with
their tails and manes flowing in the breeze as they turned completely
around. And as soon as they were both facing Judith, they took on the pose
that they were taught and waited patiently.

Judith returned their unemotional look of obedience with her own distant
look of authority and then spoke to them one last time.

"You two "will" do your best as ponygirls at the party, won't you Jasmine
and Musk?"

Katie and Heidi reacted without thinking as each shook their heads in that
flamboyant affirmative ponygirl style with their flowing manes adding
tremendously to the visual effect. But the absolute crowning touch came
when both of them produced a most robust horse's neigh in the process,
again, almost simultaneously.

Judith's face lit up with a most dazzling smile as she said only one word
in return, "Good!"

She then turned and exited the room closing the door behind her.

Judith began walking down the corridor with a sense that all was right
with the world once more. And when she accidently looked up, she caught
sight of Xmas ornament hanging from the ceiling.

It was a star of sparkling glory. And one she surmised was put there by
her most efficient and very arousing receptionist Trixie. She stopped for
a moment and watched it turn and twinkle for awhile. The meaning that was
inherent in it's shiny brilliance was not lost on her. She just kept
smiling and felt the warm goodness that the season brought with it
envelope her being. She was beginning to feel like a child again and how
everything was going to work out just wonderfully. It was a good feeling
and one she tried to hold onto as long as she could. But the adult in her
took over again as the though of "time waits for no one" echoed in her
mind.

Then she lowered her head and continued on her way. But that joyful child-
like smile was still there as she walked along.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 11 coming soon.

The party begins!

Stay tune!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Musker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





