BDSM Library - Leather & Lace, Co.




Leather & Lace, Co.
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young womans life is changed after she begin work at Leather & Lace as a temporary assistant.  The proliferation of bondage equipment and sexy lingerie lead her to question her own values as she falls into a new and exciting world.
Leather & Lace
Chapter 1 - Temporary Initiation
By the White Knight

I responded to a call from my temp agency to be at Madison and 63rd, at 9:00 am
on Monday morning, for an undetermined length assignment.  Short on money I
really wanted to make a good impression, hoping that they would keep me on for a
while, so I showed up a half-hour early.  Walking into the lobby of the brown
stone building, I was immediately met by a doorman.  He asked if he could help
me and I told him I was looking for the company name printed on the paper I
handed him.  He looked at the paper.  I blushed as he looked at me over from
head to toe and pointed to the curved marble staircase that rose to the second
floor.

"Models go directly to the second door on the right at the top of the stairs",
he said with a smile.  "Oh, I'm not a model", I told him with a shaky laugh in
my voice.  "I'm here as an administrative assistant temp".

"Pardon me, young lady", the elderly gentlemen said soberly.  "It's just that
you look pretty enough to be one of their catalog models.  Sorry again, mam,
first door on the left."  I turned away and walked quickly up the royal maroon
strip of carpet that covered the center part of the ornate stairway.  The door
at the top of the stairs was wooden framed with a frosted glass inset, which
bore the legend Leather and Lace, Co. in gold script.  I blushed again thinking
that the guard thought me to be a model for this company.  I screwed up my
courage and knocked on the door.  I had to knock a second time before a handsome
mid-thirtish man opened the door. 

"Hello", he said quietly.  "How may I help you?" 

"I'm Sharon Glasser, the temporary administrative assistant you requested from
Ad Temps", I replied quickly.  His face breaks into a grin.  "Excellent", he
exclaims.  "I'm Mike Thatcher, one of the three partners for our company.  We
lost our secretary sooner than expected to maternity leave last Tuesday and the
office has been a disaster since.  Come on into my office and we'll get through
the personal BS ASAP and then get you right to work."  He had an engaging and
warm manner about him that made me feel like I was walking into his family home
and was being greeted as an old friend.  He helped me off with my coat and hung
it in a nearby closet that he said I should use in the future.  He then lead me
to the coffee machine and asked if I wanted any.  We each made our own and then
walked into his office.  It mirrored the man before me. 

The room was paneled in a golden mahogany.  Plants lined the large picture
window.  A large wooden desk filled one corner of the office.  He ushered me
over to the plush leather couch and sat down himself in a chair across from me. 
He set his cup and saucer down on the table between us and I quickly mimicked
him.  Sitting back his face lost some of his charm as he asked in a sober voice,
"You do understand what type of company you will be working for Sharon?"  I
looked at him intently, I felt as if there was some test I had to pass here. 
"If you mean do I know that your company markets and sells lingerie and other
sexually related items", I replied directly. "Then, yes I do realize what type
of company I will be working for.  But I don't understand how that relates to
anything, I am just a temp doing her job, what could be the problem?"  He looked
away for a moment as if contemplating his answer, "Our Company makes quite a bit
more than just lingerie, and in fact what you referred to as 'other sexually
related items' covers quite a bit of ground.  We serve a very large clientele,
who have a wide variety of needs. We do our best to provide the products that
will let them achieve these desires.  These items include body oils, custom
condoms, vibrators, dildo's, leather and latex fetish clothing, leather and
Velcro bondage equipment, How to books and videos.... the list goes on."  He
looked deep into my eyes and said softly, "Sharon, the fact is that many women
are just uncomfortable typing memos and handling invoices which will include all
or at least some of these items, are you OK with this?"  I felt myself smiling
nervously, "I'm not totally comfortable about it, but yes I think I can handle
it." He leaned forward and spoke in that warm fatherly voice of his, "Good, you
see if you work out, we will need your services for at least two to three months
and I need to know that I can count on you."

"That won't be a problem, sir", I replied confidently.  "I am sure that you can
count on me." 

He looks me over closely and then nods his head as if accepting my answer; "All
right then let me show you to your desk."  We spent the next couple of hours
going over the tasks I would need to undertake on a daily basis; learning the
filing system and logging in to the computer network and reviewing the
computerized systems.  Basically, the job entailed looking after the three
partners appointments and correspondence.  I also had to understand the database
to research things, such as pricing that maybe included in their memos and
letters.  When Mr. Thatcher left I got down to the real work of cleaning up the
mess that had occurred in the relatively short time period that they were left
without a secretary.  By the end of the day I had all of their calendars
straightened out, there appointments for the remainder of the week set up and
most of their correspondence sorted and prioritized. 

"This is wonderful", Mr. Thatcher beamed.  "I am going to talk to your
employment agency immediately, but I can tell you right now that we will want
you for the remainder of our secretaries maternity leave."  He shifted to his
right and opened up one of the filing cabinets.  Pulling out a glossy finished
magazine he handed it to me with a warm smile.  "This is our catalog, not the
small abridged one that we send to our first time customers, but our complete
version that we ship to our more serious customers.  Please, take it home and
leaf through it so you can get a feeling for our company and its products."  I
held the catalog in my hands with a little bit of trepidation, as if it would
bite me or something.  The cover was nearly pornographic with the company name
in gold script over the outline of a heart, which was made of a golden rope that
was knotted at the top.  Inside the heart were two pictures.  One of a sexy
blond in a lacy crimson bustier and panties outfit, complete with matching
stockings, frilly finger gloves and high-heeled red satin slippers tufted with
puffy malibu feathers.  The other was of a gorgeous brunette, wearing a black
leather corset that made her waist appear minuscule.  Besides a seductive
come-hither smile she also wore a d-ring studded black leather collar, numerous
garters that attached to fishnet stockings and what looked to be six inch spiked
heels on black patent leather pumps.  I looked into his warm eyes and managed to
say, "Thank you, sir, that's very nice... of you."  Making a shooing motion with
his hands he responded, "Nonsense, my dear, now off with you, its after five
already."

I put the magazine in my handbag and went home.  I made a quick solitary dinner
for myself and ate it while watching a rather funny, yet mindless sitcom.  I
always liked the way that that slight dark haired Jewish woman wore all of those
extremely exciting clothes and yet never seemed to get a rise out of her lordly
British boss.  Turning off the TV, I rinsed the dishes and put them into the
dishwasher.  The place seemed incredibly quiet.  It had been only three weeks
since I had told my live-in boyfriend to move out and I still wasn't used to
being so alone.  Three short weeks and everything in my life had gone
topsy-turvy.  Leaving him had also meant leaving my job as we both worked for
the same law firm.  I thought of maybe calling him, but decided firmly against
it.

A nice relaxing shower was what I needed, so I headed in that direction picking
up my soft fuzzy pink robe as I went.  The shower was warm and delicious.  I
felt wonderful as I stepped out and dried myself off.  Slipping on my robe I
headed for my bedroom and a good book.  I snapped on the stereo to a soft rock
station to put a little sound in the place.  As I went to grab my book, I saw my
handbag lying on the dresser.  I thought of the catalog and groaned at the
thought of work interfering with my leisure.  But, then another thought popped
into my mind.  That catalog was pretty damn risque; I bet I can get a few
chuckles looking through it.  God knows I haven't had many of those lately.

I retrieved the magazine and sat down cross-legged on the bed.  I felt the
smooth glossy surface with the tips of my fingers and looked closely at the
brunette in the corset.  Her facial features, her breasts, waist, legs....
everything.  I looked at her with the truly critical eye of a woman and I was
astounded that I couldn't find anything wrong with her.  Then I laughed to
myself and thought that's because she looks so much like me!  Yeah right, I said
to myself.  I looked at her again, seeing the outfit this time and imagining
what it would be like to wear it.  How tight did it need to be to make her waist
that small and push her breast forward that much?  I felt myself being drawn
into the picture, as if it were hypnotizing me.  Shaking my head, I quickly
turned to the first page.

The two opened pages contained some pretty lace teddies and various types of
nightgowns.  I turned through the next pages that held your basic fair of
lingerie, including stay up stockings and matching slippers.  I paused upon one
page to see the blonde from the cover staring up at me with a wide inviting
smile.  What actually had caught my attention was that she was wearing a short
baby blue silk nightgown that I owned!  I looked at the picture closely, which
showed two views of the short nightie; front and back.  Yes, I was 90% sure that
I was right.  I went to my dresser and opened my lingerie draw.  The sweet scent
of potpourri greeted me.  I found the little gown and looked for the label. 
Sure enough, Leather and Lace, Co. was stamped on it.  I had brought this in a
local lingerie store so I guessed that not all of their business was done
through catalog. 

I looked back at the brunette in the magazine and then at the slight silk slip
in my hands.  What could be more appropriate than looking through the companies
catalog with one of there own creations on?  I shrugged out of my bathrobe and
raised my arms, letting the baby blue silk slide down over my still warm
breasts.  The material clumped just above my firm mounds and I then remembered
the band of elastic that was worked into the soft material and supposed to be
placed right below my chest.  Using both hands I gently pulled the bottom of the
material downward until my breasts slid properly into place.  Ohhhh, I murmured
to myself, as the soft silk rubbed against the tips of my nipples, giving me an
exciting little shock.  I arranged the dress properly; putting the spaghetti
straps parallel to each other, reseating my firm breasts in the barely
concealing silken triangles and smoothing out the remainder of the material that
barely covered me to my crotch.  I looked in the mirror over the dresser and
posed like the woman in the catalog.  I worked until I really got the
come-hither look in my eye and the appropriate thrust forward of my breasts and
tilt to my hips.  Damn, I do look like that brunette on the cover!

I hopped back onto the bed and continued to look through the catalog.  Next came
the more provocative lingerie; bustier's, corsets, push up bras, crotch-less
panties and some really wild costumes.  There was the standard French maid and
Playboy Bunny outfits, but there was also Arabian Belly dancer costumes, genie
outfits and some strappy spandex creations that I wasn't totally sure could be
put on without help.  Next were some extremely far out creations, made
exclusively of either leather or latex.  All of these were very form fitting and
extremely provocative.  Fetish Wear was the label used at the top of the page. 
The women all looked like they were poured into these outfits.  It couldn't be
comfortable I thought, until I spotted the brunette again and sure enough she
was sporting a wide smile.  Now, I know models are supposed to smile, but hers
seemed really genuine.  So I revised my estimate on the clothing's comfort level
and moved on. 

Shoes were represented in many shapes and colors.  Almost all of which could not
be found in your standard shoe store.  There were boots, pumps, sandals and
slippers, most of which sported heel heights of four inches or more.  It was
easy to see where the high heels from the cover had come from.  Following this
were the normal range of dildo, vibrators and body oils.  I didn't look to
closely at these items as I continued to flip the pages. 

Bondage Equipment labeled the following pages and I was actually amazed at how
much there was of it.  Leather and Velcro wrist and ankle restraints and collars
in many different sizes and colors.  I was further astounded at the variety of
different ways they had found to make a gag!  Balls, plugs, rings and even
penises were used to fill the poor young ladies mouths and throats.  One of the
pictorial sales pitches showed a series of pictures representing the proper
application of a large red ball gag, and there she was again.  The brunette held
the ball against her coffee painted lips; her eyes seemed to twinkle with
anticipation.  She opened her mouth to its full extent, but the ball refused to
go past her pearly whites.  Using the tips of the fingers on both hands she
pushed the ball behind her teeth in the next panel and then buckled it behind
her head.  Finally in the last panel she faced the camera full on, the red ball
distended her coffee covered lips obscenely wide.  The leather of the strap bit
into each cheek tightly, but through all this you could see the excitement in
her eyes.  Her excitement seemed to flow into me and I could feel myself
beginning to respond to the erotic image... whoa, I said to myself and returned
to flipping pages.

Toward the rear of the catalog were magazines, books and videos dealing with the
entire gamut of sexual desires and fetishes.  I really wasn't looking closely
when all of a sudden something caught my eye.  It was a picture of Mr. Thatcher
dressed in a classy dark jacket, shirt and slacks outfit.  This was not the
remarkable part of the picture though.  His picture was on the cover of a VHS
tape entitled 'Bondage 101'.  In his hands he held a leash that was attached to
the collar surrounding the neck of the beautiful brunette from the cover, who
was kneeling at his feet!   Her hands were bound tightly behind her, yet she
looked up at his face with what I can only describe as.... adoration!  I began
to meld with the picture once again, imagining myself in the brunette's skimpy
custom, kneeling at this strong man's feet.  I began to get hot and my hands,
moved to my vagina without me thinking about it.  I had not put any panties on
and the nightdress had ridden up my thighs, so there was nothing to slow me from
reaching the ever-increasing warmth between my lower lips.  I felt the heavy
leather collar as it rested upon my shoulders. The tight bodice of the corset
that thrust my breasts upward and whittled, down my already slender waist.  The
heavy manacles on my wrists, which kept them from reaching out to touch the
incredibly sexy man before me.  Finally, I felt my feet arched to the amazingly
high heel of my black leather pumps.  "Ohhhhhh, Ohhhhh", I moaned as I closed my
eyes and lay back against the bed.  My fingers rubbed briskly against my clit,
sliding into the folds of skin to find the true tender spot.  Those wonderful
digits of mine moved even faster setting me on fire and building me up to an
incredible climax.  I found myself arching my hips against my fingers, pushing
my pulsating pussy against them even harder.  Oh, and then I came and I came and
I came...  My body jerked and my hips rotated upon their own over excited
volition.  Hmmmmm, yes, it was glorious.  I felt warm and as happy as a sated
cat.  I lay there in my golden glow, thinking that it had never been this good
with old what his name... and then my body stiffened and my eyes popped open. 

I finally realized what had just happened.  I had fantasized about being the
women in the picture bound at my boss's feet and this was the result!  Oh, God
what am I doing.  I quickly calmed down and rationalized the situation.  Men cum
to pictures of naked women in suggestive poses all of the time, why shouldn't I
be able to do the same?  No it wasn't your standard fantasy, but surely it was
just an aberration.  With that thought in mind, I cleaned up the room, putting
the catalog back in my bag and went to sleep.

The next day went quietly and mainly uneventfully.  My duties kept me busy
enough so that I did not need to reflect to often over what had occurred the
previous evening.  Answering phones, sorting memos and arranging calendars were
simple yet exacting tasks, especially when handling three different superiors. 
Almost all of my communication with them seemed to be through are computerized
E-Mail system.  I saw Mr. Thatcher in passing, moving from meeting to meeting. 

The other two partners were out of the office again today, but I was amazed at
the amount of work that they would have me handle via E-mail and fax.  The law
firm that I had worked for previously barely used their E-mail system and
everything was still done the old way, face to face.  I was also surprised at
how cordial they both were in their requests and their hopes that I was enjoying
working for the company.

That evening, alone in my apartment, I couldn't hold off thinking about the
night before.  What had I been thinking of?  I did my normal evening workout and
than ate my dinner, while I watched jeopardy.  My thoughts strayed to the
catalog, and I said to myself, 'You don't want to go their girl friend'.  I
tried hard to put the whole thing out of my mind.

That proved to be impossible.  The catalog was like a magnet to my thoughts.  I
knew that I had to look at it again and find out what and how it was having this
effect on me.  Finally I broke down and retrieve it from my bag.  Turning off
the TV I turned on the stereo, pushing the pre-set button that turned me to a
local classical music station.  I was hoping that the soothing music would allow
me to examine the magazine-like catalog in a library like environment.

Rather than adjourning to the site of the previous evenings uncertainties, I sat
down on the couch in the living room.  My hair was still wet from my shower so I
smoothed at back against my head so that no loose drops of water would fall on
the magazine.  I left my fuzzy bright pink bathrobe on this time and tucked my
pink Isotoner slippers under my rear end as I settled myself.

Opening the magazine I looked at each of the catalogs offering more closely than
I had the night before.  Trying to be as clinical as possible, I read through
each products attributes.  I read the small articles that they included to
inform for their readers concerning the differences, between different fabrics. 
Cotton, nylon, satin, silk all had their differences in feelings they conveyed
to the wearer's body.  They seemed to be subtly pushing women buyers toward
choosing the more expensive fabrics.  The closing of the article stated that no
matter which fabric was chosen, that any of these creations would 'warm their
partner's heart'.  I didn't think that that was the part of the person's partner
that would be warmed, but I did agree that satin and silk had a move exciting
feel than nylon.

The lingerie section was rather lengthy and it took me quite awhile to read
through it all.  In a way it was the most comfortable part of the magazine for
me to read, because I already had experience in the area.  Even the fetish
clothing and heels didn't faze me.  No I had never worn clothes exactly like
that or heels that high, but their basic task was still to turn on the person's
lover and this I did understand.  I had numerous times purchased dresses, skirts
and blouses cut more provocatively than modesty dictated simply to please my
male suitors.  Just last New Years I wore a strapless satin mini dress that
showed off a good portion of my breasts and had a hem the extended barely four
inches past my crotch.  The black strappy sandals that went with the dress
sported a very high heel, so yes these products I could relate to.

The 'toys' section of oils, creams, condoms, didlo's, vibrators, etc., I decided
to skip through.  I had never used any of them and since I had basically always
had a boy friend I had never seen the need for the more female oriented items. 

I slowed at the 'bondage' section and worked through the extensive array of
leather goods.  There were many items that without the aid of the pictured model
wearing them, that I would not have been able to tell you what they were or what
the purpose was.  There were sets of straps that immobilized the torso, legs or
entire body.  Leather sleeves and straight jackets.  My head began to spin with
the multitude of bondage permutations that all of these different types of
bindings would allow.  How many people were using these items that necessitated
such a large selection?  I had previously thought that only the biker and gay
crowd got into this type of scene.  But, the articles that accompanied this
section were aimed at seemingly normal people.  There was even a few letters of
glowing endorsements, all of them from what I would refer to as 'normal' people.

One from Jenny R. in Scottsdale, AZ., stated that she was the mother of two and
that bondage and particularly Leather and Lace's fine products had saved her
marriage.  The free catalog and a few purchases had led her and her hubby into
an exciting fantasy world that they both could share and enjoy. 

There was also the pretty brunette to consider.  Her image graced many of the
publications, pages and in every one of these pictures she looked happy,
serene... content.  Yes, that would be how I would describe her!  Even in the
picture on the video cover where she was kneeling at Mr. Thatcher's feet, she
looked content and satisfied with her situation.

These thoughts began to shake me from my clinical reviewing techniques and make
it much too personal.  I decided that was enough for now and went to bed.  I
tossed and turned for a bit, while my mind roiled with questions, but I finally
fell into a fitful sleep.



On Wednesday I met the one of the two remaining partners and was surprised to
find that she was a woman.  Every bit of correspondence that I had handled for
her was addressed to L. Grant.  I had always assumed that the 'L' stood for
Larry or Lou (as in Lou Grant of Mary Tyler Moore fame).  Lucinda was a very
good-looking lady in her late thirties who always dressed perfectly.  Custom fit
suits, long form fitting skirts with boots or high heels.  She seemed a bit
brusque when we were introduced, but later seemed to soften towards me. She even
took time to show me the "product closet" which was really better classified as
a small storeroom.

"I don't know your inclinations my dear", she said pleasantly, but this room
should be able to satisfy any that you may have I blushed fiercely, but said
nothing.  "You really should spend some more time with our products, so that you
know what we are talking about when we refer to a certain item."  Lucinda had a
pointer like rod that she seemed to always be carrying.  Using it she sorted
through some plastic looking bikini briefs.  With a flick of her stick it flew
from the table and into my quickly responding hands.  "Edible underwear", she
informed me.  "Go ahead take a bite, it won't hurt you."  Tentatively, I did
take a little nibble.  "That's actually pretty good", I said in surprise. 
"Apple cinnamon, but it's really not the "in" thing this year."  She pointed out
some other items, like the sexy French maid costume and the sky-high heeled
pumps and sandals that were consistently in demand.  I had seen all of these
items in the catalog, but somehow being near them was making me terribly
anxious.... exited. 

Next she pointed out some top-half mannequin bodies that were encased in
extremely tight-laced corsets.  "These are custom made to each individual and
you would be surprised at how many of them are ordered each year.  Literally
thousands, my dear.   You see there isn't a body in the world that one of these
custom fitted wonders can't help to look better.  The stomach is tightened, the
back straightened and the breast thrust forward and upward."  As she spoke her
wand followed the path of her words up my hips and into my narrow waist, then up
and over the top of my firm breasts.  It suddenly became very difficult for me
to breathe.  I could feel my nipples harden beneath my purple silk blouse and
the heat build between my legs, as I looked down at the tip of her baton which
still rested on the top of my breasts.  She continued frankly staring at my
body, then suddenly and somehow non-chalantly the stick was lifted and she
turned away.  "Actually", she said over her shoulder.  "It would be difficult to
enhance your figure my dear, but..." Lucinda looked back at me with a devilish
smile, "there is always room for improvement."  I started to breathe again as
she continued about the room.  I wasn't sure what she had done to me, but the
sexual tension in the air had been as thick and sweet as honey.  I could almost
see my body through her eyes flowing into one of these tightly laced satin or
leather corsets... 

I was lost in my musings when a box was thrust lightly into my mid-section. 
"Now this is the hottest seller of the year", she informed me.  I looked down at
the box and saw that it was a complete 'beginners' set of Velcro bondage
restraints and straps.  "Yes, this is really a wonderful item.  In fact it is
the perfect gift to add spice to an existing relationship or excitement to a new
one.   The really wonderful thing about these Velcro restraints is that one or
the other of the partners in the relationship can put themselves into
self-bondage before their lover arrives.  Think about it..." It was again
becoming impossible to breathe.  Lucinda opened the box in my nerveless hands
and sorted through the enclosed items.  "You strip down naked", she continues,
"or my personal favorite dress up in some really sexy lingerie, like a form
fitting bustier, hose and heels.  Then you lay down on your bed and use the
ankle restraints to spread your legs toward the respective corners." She holds
up one of the restraints to show it to you more closely.  "It's really simple to
use, just close the Velcro fasteners around the leg of the bed and then shorten
the strap to the proper length, lastly you slip the smooth nylon cuff around
your ankle.  Ankles are a cinch, no pun intended", she informed me, "but the
wrists are a little more difficult."  Her eyes are intent upon the contents of
the box, but I can't help but feel that she has some spell over me.  I literally
can't move and the growing fire between my legs must be making my panties wet. 
"The first wrist is easy, but the second requires a little more coordination." 
My breathing is coming in short breaths and I am sure that at any minute Lucinda
will notice my distress.  God, what would she think of me.   Fortunately, she
continued non-pulsed, "You shouldn't put on the wrist restraints just yet
though, or you would not be able to use some of the best parts of the kit. 
First you should pop in the ball gag, as it needs both hands to apply properly." 
She dangled the ball gag up before my eyes with the buckle perched on the end of
her baton.  She studied the large yellow ball and the thick black strap.
"Sometimes you have to push a little bit to get the ball behind your teeth."  I
nodded my head knowingly remembering the pictures in the catalog.  As she
returned the ball to the box it brushed my cheek and I almost involuntarily
opened my mouth to except the huge foreign object.  "Next, you should bind your
first wrist.  But, before you bind your last you should slide on the Pe Est Ta
La Resistance... the satin blindfold.  Ahh...." she said softly.  "Imagine your
boy friend coming home and finding you, his beautiful present, neatly wrapped
and bound upon your bed. Let me tell you, my dear, you will not be going to
sleep early on that night."  She laughed and closed the lid of the box.  I went
to place it back on a shelf and she laughed again.  "No, no, my dear, you keep
it", she said with a warm smile.  "You do like I said with your boy friend, it's
my little gift to you."  I still hadn't gotten my breathing back to normal and
as I started stammering out an unintelligible uttering.  My mind raced I
couldn't possibly take this.... I don't even have a boy friend anymore...
Lucinda pooh-poohed my meaningless refusals and reached below a counter to
retrieve a large plain brown shopping bag.  She deftly took the box form my
hands and put it in.  She plopped the handles of the bag around one of my still
out stretched hands and said, "That's all right, you don't have to thank me, my
dear.  In fact we encourage our employees to use and experiment with our
products.  What better advertising can we get than a glowing recommendation from
one of our workers to their friends?"  My soundless mouth finally closed as I
thought over the veracity of this last statement.  "To that end we make this
room available to everyone in our employ.  You can generally keep anything in
the room, with the limitation that you may only take up to two hundred dollars
of product per month.  For the some of the more expensive items, like the
corsets and boots, we do allow for a certain amount of borrowing.  It really
very easy, just log in to the computer at the door and recorded your purchase. 
The price, at cost, will be credited against your balance and that's it!"  As
fast as she could speak she completed the transaction, proving exactly how easy
it was.

Lucinda took me by the arm and led me back to my desk.  "Well, that was
enjoyable", she smiled.  "Sometimes I get so involved in the business aspects of
it all, that I forget the more personal side of our trade."  She smiled and then
returned back to business, "Opps, I almost forgot.  Don't forget to get that
letter to Emerson out before the end of the day." Consulting her watch, she
continued, "You had better hurry, it's already half past four."  Turning on her
heel she strode back purposefully to her office.

I was still basically numb, from what had happened in the storeroom.  Beneath
the desk I flapped my short black skirt up and down a couple of times trying to
cool off the heat that had built between my thighs.  Every time I thought that I
had myself back in control, my leg would rub up against the shopping bag that I
had placed there.  Black nylon rubbing against brown paper somehow created quite
a strong electrical shock in my hungry sex.

Groaning inwardly, I took some deep breaths and got down to work.  I had to
correct the letter for Lucinda.  She had dictated it into her voice recorder and
I had put it down on paper exactly as she had said it, but when she looked at it
on paper she decided that she wanted to move things around and re-word some of
the sentences.  I was extremely used to this after working in a law office for
almost two years, so it was easy to immerse myself in my work. 

At the dot of five Lucinda was there, fortunately the printout was emerging from
the laser printer just at the same time.  She quickly read through it. 
"Perfect, my dear", she stated.  "Just get it into the last mail and your
finished for the day."  She looked me in the eye and winked.  "Then go home and
have a pleasant evening."  I blushed profusely, lowering my eyes to avoid her
gaze, but ostensibly to fold the letter and seal it into its waiting envelope. I
dropped the letter into the mailbox outside the office and hurried home.

I didn't know what to do with myself when I got there.  The box in the shopping
bag taunted me.  It was like it was calling to me.  Come... come play with me. 
I took it off the kitchen table and put it in my bedroom closet.  Needing to get
sex out of my head I slipped into one of my workout outfits, put a sweatband
about my forehead and started one of my more demanding aerobic videotapes.  By
the time the tape ended I was breathing heavily and sweating hard. 

Stripping tiredly from my soiled clothing I dropped them into the hamper and
took a warm shower.  The warm water was wonderfully refreshing.  My relaxing
mind started to think about the box in my bedroom closet.  What good is it I
thought dejectedly to myself; I don't have anyone to share it with.  I knew I
would have to do something though.  Every time I thought about the beginner's
bondage set a knot would form in my stomach and an impossible level of
excitement would well up within me. Each time it became difficult to breathe...
I had to do something!  While I was blow drying my hair an idea hit me like a
physical blow.  It was what Lucinda had said; a person could put herself into
bondage using this kit, ostensibly to wait for her lover.  Well, there wouldn't
be any lover coming tonight, but that didn't mean that I couldn't try out the
restraints and other stuff on myself!  I finished drying myself off quickly and
raced naked into the bedroom. 

I grabbed the box and opened it, swiftly spilling the contents onto the neatly
made bed.  The bed was a full sized four-poster so it was easy to find places to
attach the wrists and ankle restraints.  As described, by Lucinda and in the
instructions, I shortened the straps so that they would hold me spread to the
four corners of the bed.  Looking down upon my completed work, I began to get a
little scared.  What was I leading myself into?

Deciding that I had to take some time and really think through what I was doing,
I thought back to Lucinda's impassioned description of earlier in the day.  She
had said something about strapping yourself down naked, or her personal favorite
in a bustier and panty outfit.  I had one of those I thought to myself.  I had
brought it looking to bring some excitement into my previous relationship. 
Unfortunately I purchased it during the basketball playoffs and he never even
turned from the set to see me in it standing in the doorway to the bedroom. 
Before he had come to bed for the evening, I had wrapped it back up and slid it
into the back of my lingerie draw. 

I removed the wrappings and lay the baby blue bustier which black lace trim down
on the dresser.  The matching panties, stockings and even the frilly finger
gloves followed.  By taking my time in dressing and pampering myself, I felt
that I would have plenty of time to think through what I was doing.   

I slipped on the lacy G-string like panties.  My dark bush showed plainly
through the thin nearly transparent material.  I brushed my wavy auburn hair out
so that it shinned with red highlights and wrapped itself around my eager face.  
Remembering the brunette in the catalog, I used a coffee colored lipstick and
brown toned eye shadows to compliment it.  I put just the faintest hint of rouge
on to highlight my cheekbones and then sprayed on a little White Shoulders.  I
was doing everything that I would do as I prepared myself for a lover.  These
simple motions, things that I had not done in quite along time, were making me
hot.

I snapped myself into the tight confines of the soft blue bustier.  Except for
the black lace trim I could see right through the transparent lacy material.  I
stared at the flat of my stomach which displayed my "inny" belly button, then at
my firm pointed breasts which showed off there dark circles around the nipples. 
I rearranged my chest in their strapless cups, showing off more of my cleavage
to my imaginary lover.  Unrolling the powder blue stockings I pulled it expertly
up my calf, over my knee and up to mid thigh I clipped the lace trimmed top to
the bustier's attached garters.  Finishing the second leg, I stood and looked
into the mirror.

I posed a little and made eyes at my own reflection, but then I decided
something was missing.  I went to my closet and returned with a pair of black
leather pumps.  My party pumps I called them as their heel was almost four
inches and therefore the only thing they were useful for was party.  I slid into
them and now felt that the picture was complete.  Now I looked just like the
models in the catalog and I was perfectly ready and prepared to try out my new
'toys'.

Walking over to the bed I sat down in the middle of it.  The white goose down
comforter which gave way to my weight, puffed up around my sitting form.  I went
to move my feet towards the corners of the bed and caught a heel in the
comforter.  From the noise it had made I was afraid that I had ripped it, but
close examination revealed that my fears were unjustified.  One to each hand I
pulled off my pumps and tossed them towards the closet.  I wasn't ripping my
favorite bed spread for anything.  Looking down at my stocking clad feet I had
the unreasonable feeling that my outfit was incomplete and I just couldn't shake
it.  It was also beginning to ruin the whole event.  My eyes looked imploring
towards the closet, at my shoe rack and the cubbies compartments that held
slippers and such... "Yessssss, I said to aloud in a happy voice.

I jumped from the bed and ran to one of the cubbies, pulling out my soft black
leather ballet-like slippers.  They had a padded insole and a little bow that
made them ultra feminine.  I slid them on and smiled, wiggling my toes in the
soft leather as they melded themselves to my feet.  I set myself back down in
the center of the bed feeling perfectly ready to start my little fantasy. 

From my sitting position I stretched both legs towards the bottom corners of the
bed.  As I worked my ankles towards each of the ankle restraints I began to
realize that I had placed them a little further apart then I had anticipated. 
Sliding down toward the foot of the bed I took the first nylon cuff in my hands. 
A shiver of anticipation flowed through me.  I opened and closed the Velcro
clasp a couple of times to see how it worked.  That distinctive scratchy sound
as Velcro clasps were opened and closed began to take on a whole new and erotic
meaning for me. I pulled against the strap and found that it would hold against
all of the strength that I could muster.  Satisfied I wrapped the first cuff
around my right ankle closing the Velcro pads solidly against each other.  The
black nylon cuff hardly moved as I pulled and twisted my leg against it and its
very secure attendant strap. 

The left ankle was more difficult.  I had to slide my rear end back towards the
middle of the bed and then spread my legs almost as wide as I could stand in
order to reach it.  Next I had to bend over at the middle like a runner doing
stretching exercises to grab the far cuff and place it about my ankle.  I sat
there for a moment looking down at the restraints that separated my ankles.  I
had made the straps shortest for each of the ankle restraints, thinking that I
wanted to be sure to make the bindings tight.  This left less than a foot of
nylon strap tethering each ankle to the bed's respective posts.  I could feel
the muscles in my inner thighs protesting the abuse caused by the wide open
letter V that my bound legs formed.  I shrugged off the slight discomfort,
writing it off as part of the whole experience.

With my hands supporting me behind my back, I started to play with my new
'toys'.  I rotated my feet from right to left, watching the interplay of colors
and feeling the sensual touch of each of the different fabrics.  The black nylon
cuffs were wound ever so tightly around my powder blue nylon stockings.  Their
was very little give in the cuffs, but each move sent the feeling of the harder
nylon rubbing against softer nylon stocking rocketing up my spine like a mild
electric shock.  I shivered and flexed my feet in the cozy interior of the soft
black slippers, revealing in the feel of the warm pliable leather that
surrounded them. 

This type of slipper had always been my favorite.  From time to time I had found
them in satin, but this latest pair were made of soft kidskin.  They best
resembled warm up ballet slippers, minus the strap across the top of the foot. 
The throat was a little deeper however showing off the joining of my toes to my
feet through the light blue stockings.  A little lace-string bow was formed at
the tip of the throat.  The strings used to form this bow actually encircled my
feet, holding them firmly into the slipper without the obtrusiveness of the over
the foot strap.  I loved the look of the black leather as it flexed over and
around the contrasting baby blue nylons.

I was too anxious to take any more time appreciating this beginning of what I
now realized was my first bondage experience.  Reaching to my left I picked up
the ball gag included in the set.  The instructions, showed those unimaginative
pencil-like drawn outlines of how to properly to apply the gag.  Holding each of
the gags straps close to the ball, as shown in the instructions, I lifted it up
in front of my lips.  Opening my mouth to except the cold rubber, I... chickened
out.  Did I really need to gag myself to fulfill my fantasy?  That ball seemed
awful big, I thought.  I remembered that the only time I had ever opened my
mouth up that widely was at the dentist office and that had undeniably bad
connotations. 

The brunette in the magazine didn't seem to have any problem with the gag, I
recalled.  Still needing a little moral support, I reached for the catalog that
I had earlier placed conveniently on the bedside table.  In my current position
though I could no longer reach it.  Bending and twisting my body I finally
managed to snag the magazine and flipped it open to the appropriate page.  The
brunette smiled invitingly at me, seeming to say 'the waters fine, come on in
and join me'. 

Sighing, I mimicked her movements in the pictorial.  Opening my mouth as wide as
I could, I pressed the ball up against my teeth.  Just like in the picture the
ball refused to go easily beyond my pearly gate, but I was able to hold the ball
with my teeth freeing up the use of my hands.  I applied increasing pressure to
the thick ball, pushing it into my mouth and spreading my jaws ever wider.  Pop,
all of a sudden the ball was past my teeth and into the interior of my mouth. 
Using my tongue and fingers I maneuvered it into the most comfortable position
possible.  Grasping the slack straps, suspended from either side of my mouth, I
tightly buckled them behind my neck.  Straightening up, from looking at the
magazine, I realized that the gag wasn't as uncomfortable as I had feared. 

In the mirror above the dresser, I could see my reflection.  My coffee colored
lips were tautly stretched about the large yellow ball.  The black leather
straps pulled the distended corners of my mouth even further.  Yes, now I looked
just like the brunette in the magazine.

I tried to talk through the mouth-filling gag and was rewarded, by a garbled and
mainly unintelligible nasal whining sound.  Screaming into the gag produced a
small increase in the volume, but I was certain that I would be unable to be
heard at any great distance.

Lucinda's instructions told me to secure one of my wrists at this point and that
is exactly what I did.  I had to lie flat on the bed to reach the left wrist
restraint, while twisting my body sideways to be able to use my right hand to
secure the cuff.  I pulled at the black nylon and found that it was as well
attached as my ankle bindings.  Rolling back, I reached out my right hand to
make sure that I could find the final strap.  I looked at it as closely as I
could from my fettered position, memorizing its placing upon the pillow and
where the Velcro pad was located. 

Finding the black sleep mask at my side, I used my remaining free hand to slide
blindfold over my head and put it into the proper position before my eyes.  I
pulled the elastic strap down behind my head and released it, allowing it to
bury itself in my thick locks.  Reaching upwards I felt for the pillow and found
it.  My hand slithered upwards until it found what it was looking for. 
Stretching I grasped the strap just beyond the cuff and held onto it tightly.  I
didn't try to attach the final cuff, as I knew that my imaginary lover would not
be there to rescue me from my self imposed bondage.

I lay back soaking up all of the sensations that were filling me and exciting
thoughts that ran through my mind. My body was tightly stretched across the bed. 
Even my well-toned muscles protested this unusual treatment.  Realizing that I
had made the binding just a shade to tight made me feel good, rather than bad. 
Certainly my imaginary lover would not have let me get away with making my
bindings so loose that they didn't convey at least a tinge of discomfort.  This
was called bondage wasn't it?  Therefore, I reasoned, I should feel bound.

I pulled tentatively against my bonds feeling their unrelenting pressure.  I
could flex my legs at the knees and bend my elbows, but that was about all. 
Twisting from side to side was possible, but offered me no way out of my
situation. The total darkness that surrounded me added immeasurably to the
experience.  I could no longer see my movements, so now my ears listened
intently for each and every sound that came forth from my struggles.  I screamed
into my gag, just because I could and the realization that no one could hear me. 
The nasally whine sounded like a far away siren, even to my hyper active
hearing.

I thought of my imaginary lover looking down upon me.  His steely gaze would see
the supine from of a lovely young women bound spread upon his bed.  Her shapely
form enhanced by the see-through baby blue bustier, the lacy g-string panties
and the smooth nylon hose.  Each ankle and wrist tightly graced with restraining
black nylon cuffs.  Warm, inviting lips widely encircling the ball gag in her
mouth would remind him of other things that they could be stretched about.  The
black satin blindfold which would proclaimed to him, 'I am yours...  All of
me... Do with me what you will".  And finally the soft and thick white down
comforter that would seem to suck his waiting damsel into to its warm inviting
depths, while providing brilliant contrast to all of the other colors involved.

I was getting so hot immersing myself in the fantasy, but one unpleasant feeling
kept intruding.  My right hand that I was using to grasp the strap was bothering
me.  Partly because it was cramping a little, but mostly because without the
cuff at least loosely secured, the scene was just not complete. 

Working with my fingers, I moved to remedy this situation by spreading cuff open
and wrapping it about my wrist.  The key was to make sure that it was secure
enough to hold my wrist, but still be accessible to my fingers to be opened.  
Holding the cuff with my fingertips I rolled my wrist against the firm pillow,
stopping as soon as I heard the first touching of the Velcro fastening.  I slid
my fingers between the two fasteners and pushed the cuff back open, making sure
that I could get myself out of what I was about to get myself into.  Confident
that I could do so, I re-rolled the cuffs fasteners gently together.

Finished with my task and feeling content that I had followed the scene
described by Lucinda to the letter, I lay back and returned to my fantasy.

My imaginary lover moved to sit by my side.  Slowly and with deft fingers he
started to slowly massage my slipper covered feet.  He did not remove the soft
kidskin, but rather used it to enhance the wonderful feel of his fingers
kneading my soft peds.  His hands move up my leg to my right ankle caressing and
rubbing the taut muscles in my calf.  Firm fingers pushed into the soft skin and
stretched muscles about my knee.  His strong hands moved slowly and inexorably
upwards.  Together he uses both hands to knead my inner thighs, working out the
kinks in these most highly abused muscles.  His fingers continue to work upon my
sensitive inner thighs even after his massage had finished.  His touch lightly
caresses the satiny smooth nylons around the insides of my knees and moves
upward, till they almost touched the lacy strip of cloth that covers my
quivering sex.  I groan loudly through the gag, trying to impart to him that I
need him... NOW!  But he ignores my plea; removing his hands completely form my
thighs.  Oh, please God, let him be opening his fly!  I listen intently, but
heard nothing.  Soon his hands return, sliding up my firm belly until they have
cupped both breasts.  He expertly kneads my firm mounds sending shivers of
excitement coursing through my fettered form.  Helpless, I twist and moan
constantly under the spell of his ohh so sensual ministrations. 

My hips are beginning to gyrate wildly upon their own accord.  I am hotter than
I ever imagined that I could be, I need to fulfill my sexual needs and I need it
now!  I slide my fingers beneath the right cuff and push upwards and was
rewarded by the sound of opening Velcro.  Pulling against the binding cuff, I
expected it to part, but it didn't.  I pulled harder and still the cuff held. 
Scared, but working to remain calm, I tried again to slide my fingers between
the fasteners.  Again the sound of opening Velcro, but still the cuff refused to
release me.  In all of my rolling and gyrating I must have attached more of the
Velcro than when I had started out.

Now I began to really get frightened.  What was I going to do?  I was thankful
to know that I would not be stuck here forever, because I knew that the cleaning
lady would be in on Friday and would surely find and release me.  But that was a
full day away and I was totally sure that I didn't want to be found bound to the
bed like this, by my cleaning lady.  Frantic I really began to struggle against
my nylon bindings.  I used all of my muscle power straining against each of the
tight cuffs one at a time.  Finally I just began to thrash upon the bed hoping
that one of the fasteners would work itself loose.

Totally spent I gave up on my useless struggles and layback to except my fate. 
I laughed to myself as I realized that I was now getting the full experience of
actually being bound and not being in control of the situation.  Rather than
feel sorry for myself, I decided to escape back into my fantasy.

My lover had left me this way purposefully.  He wanted me hot, raving hot, but
unfulfilled... until such time as he desired.  He kissed me about my aching jaw
caressing the sore muscles, so softly and gently that I actually became glad
that the gag was there.  His hands moved to my breasts as his kisses continued
to rain on my cheeks and neck.  My breast surged against the lacy fabric rubbing
gently against my nipples and causing them to snap to attention.  Pushing the
offending material out of the way, his thumbs and forefingers closed about the
firm bullets, which topped my tits.  He began to twirl them between his fingers,
making the sensitive tip longer and harder.  Giving them a little pinch an
electric shock flowed directly from tips of my nipples to the fire burning
between my legs.

Turning my wrist desperately in the right wrist cuff, I pushed my fingers as far
forward under the nylon material as I could and then lifted upwards.  The Velcro
opening sound followed and with only a slight tug my arm escaped from its
imprisonment as my hand slid through the half open cuff.  

Not bothering to remove any of my other fetters, I sent my fingers down to my
aching cunny.  Cumming was all that I could think about.  Pushing the annoying
little lace triangle out of the way I tried to stimulate myself the way my
imaginary lovers organ would have.  Two and three fingers dived into my lower
mouth at a time.  In and out I pushed my hand until my muscles started to ache,
but for all my efforts, I couldn't get that satisfying depth of penetration so I
changed tactics.  Moving my hand to the top of my vagina I slid my fingers
between my soft wet fore skin and began rubbing my G-spot.  Faster and faster I
rubbed and flicked that tender mound of flesh. I felt the seductive pull of my
remaining bonds as my legs and arms pulled desperately against them.  My hips
were gyrating wildly to the beat of the rumbling orgasm that was building up
within me.  A fiery path swept itself through my body as I began to orgasm.

"Aaaaaaagggggghhhhhh", I moaned in ecstasy through the mouth-filling gag.  Yes,
yes, yes, YES, I thought to myself as my fingers continued their dance and my
second orgasm burst upon me.  More, more I whispered to myself.  I was biting
down so hard on the rubber ball in my mouth that I was sure that I would either
bite right through it or break my teeth before this was over.  Oh, God, yes...
again I came in a thundering climax. 

I slowed down the pace of my swirling fingers, thoroughly enjoying the post
orgasmic warmth.  Unlike last night, this time I knew what I was getting into. 
There was no self-recriminations only the pleasant thought filling my head, that
my wildest fantasy had turned out to be every bit as good as I thought it would
be.  I lay there totally spent, resting contentedly.  To tired to even remove my
bindings.




Leather & Lace
Chapter 2 - Learning the Ropes with a Twist
By the White Knight

An annoying buzzing noise brought me back to reality.  As the cobwebs of my rest
began to fade, I kept wondering what the damn buzzing was.  With a monumental
effort, I lifted my arm and removed the satin night mask.  Slowly my eyes
focused in the direction from which the sound was coming. 

"Shit", I mumbled through the gag as my eyes popped open.  The noise was my new
alarm clock and it was 7:00am in the morning!  I lunged for the noisome clock,
but couldn't reach it.  Twisting to my left I freed my wrist and then quickly
removed my ankle restraints.  Finally I was able to silence the racket caused by
the alarm. 

Unbuckling the gag, I found that I had a hard time removing it.  My jaw really
didn't want to open far enough to let loose the ball.  Only by using my thumb
and forefinger to encircle the ball behind the strap, was I able to gain the
necessary purchase to pry it loose.  Working quickly I stripped the bed of its
nylon attachments and put all of the equipment back into its box.  The closed
box went into the shopping bag and was placed in the back of my walk-in closet. 
Carefully, I peeled off my worse for wear bustier costume. 

I looked at the battered outfit and felt that it had served me well last night
and it should really get a chance to be seen by my real fantasy lover.  Whenever
I find him, at least.  I took the hose and the rest of the outfit to the
bathroom sink.  Filling the basin I put in a dash of Wool Lite.  Then I quickly,
but carefully hand washed the fragile garments.  Finishing, I left them to soak
while I jumped into the shower.

As the hot steamy water revived my aching muscles, I thought of what had
occurred the night before.  I couldn't believe it, but the facts spoke for
themselves.  Not only had I very much enjoyed myself during my first bondage
fantasy, but I had fallen asleep afterwards bound and gagged in my bed!  This
was absolutely amazing.  I had barely even heard of bondage prior to the
beginning of this week.  I hadn't even done anything sexually that was outside
of the usual norms.  Yet, here I was undergoing absolutely incredible orgasms
while I was helplessly bound.  What the heck, was going on with me?

I didn't have time to mull over all these thoughts as I had so much to do before
I could be on my way to work.   I rinsed out my garments, gently draining all of
the excess water and then placing them all side by side along the shower curtain
bar.

I went into the bedroom and quickly threw on a bra and panties. My make up came
next.  I decided to stay with the same colors from the prior night, as not all
of it had come off in the shower.  This way I knew that I could make it all
blend in and no one would be the wiser.  Pearl stud earnings were applied in
haste.   Grabbing my white short sleeve cashmere sweater shirt I slid it on.  I
chose black panty hose and pulled a pleated black wool skirt from the draw
below.  Quickly pulling on these items I raced to my closet for shoes.  I almost
stumbled over my party shoes and then I looked down at them and thought why not.

Despite the ache in my jaw, which had not yet dissipated, I truly felt like
celebrating.  I slid each of my arched soles into the black patent leather
heels. The pointy heels were a little difficult to walk in, but they made me
feel sexy.  And just now, that was exactly how I wanted to feel. 

Taking a couple of Multigrain bars and a small bottle of orange juice, I drove
off to the office.  It was very important that I get to the office on time
because I really didn't want to loose this job.  Kicking my boyfriend out had
been the right thing to do, but the financial reality was that he was paying a
goodly portion of our expenses.  With my job also terminated, my meager savings
had dwindled rapidly.  I had no intention of going back to my parents or giving
up my apartment and lifestyle.  Therefore, I had better get my cute little tail
to work.


Walking in I sat down and surveyed my desk.  Even though I was coming in a
half-hour early every morning, there were always new assignments on my desk when
I arrived.  I saw Lucinda, talking to one of the people in the art department. 
She smiled and nodded towards me in recognition.  With a jaunty little tune from
Snow White running through my mind, I set to work.

Deeply immersed in correcting a memo, I didn't notice that Lucinda had come up
to my desk and was looking down at me.  I flinched in surprise when she spoke. 
"Good morning, my dear", she said silkily.  "I trust you had a rewarding
evening".  I blushed like a schoolgirl, looking down, not even able to meet her
gaze.  "It... it... was fine", I stammered lamely.  "Yes, I suppose that it must
have been, my dear", she continued knowingly.  "Oh, and by the way I think your
outfit this morning is particularly smashing.  I would however, button just one
more button as the black lace of your bra stands out so much against the
background of your white sweater."  I looked down at my chest and realized that
she was exactly right.  I didn't even remember putting the sexy bra on, nor
noticing that the cashmere shirt had been opened so low.  My fingers nervously
fastened the button.  "Perfect", she said as I finished.  "Now just relax, my
dear.  There is no need to be nervous, believe me you are among friends."  I
gathered my nerve and looked up at her with a shy smile.  She smiled back and
with a wave of her hand she was gone.

I wondered about the bra and my unusual display of breasts.  I had consciously,
put on the heels as a celebration of my sexuality, but had I also unconsciously
done these other things.  There wasn't an easy answer to the question, so I got
back to work.

Shortly after lunch I received a phone call from customer satisfaction
department (read complaint).  The women on the other end of the line said that
she had a particularly irate customer on the phone and would I please handle it. 
When I told her I didn't know what she meant and that I was a temp, she informed
me that my predecessor Kay always handled the tough ones and she really didn't
know where to turn.  If it was part of the job, I figured that I should at least
try to handle it so I told her to patch the person through.

Trying to get off to a good start with the customer, I said, "Good afternoon, my
name is Sharon. How my I help you."  An upset women's voice came through the
earpiece loud, but not screaming, "You can send me a product that works, is how
you can help me."  I paused not knowing exactly what to say, so she filled the
gap by continuing, "We... I purchased, the multi pack stimulator from you and no
matter how I try I can't get the damn things to stay put.  I can't figure out
these straps out at all, and.... well its just really driving me crazy."  I
scribbled down exactly what she had said.  Then I asked for the product number,
as I had seen them displayed in the catalog.  "Mam, I am just subbing for the
person that normally works here, but I promise you that I will talk to the
appropriate people and get back to you within the hour".  The lady paused, and
calmly said, "Thanks, that would be wonderful.  My name is Karen Moran and I
would really like to get this thing working before my husband comes home, so I
really appreciate it your getting back to me so quickly."  She left me her
number and I set to work. 

I looked the product number up on the invoicing database screen, but that only
gave me a short description and the price.  From this research though I did
learn that 'AT' at the beginning of the product code stood for Adult Toys.  I
retrieved my personal catalog from my bag, and flipped to the proper section.  
Finding the product number, I could see by the picture that the 'Multi Pack
Stimulator' was in fact a set of dildo's, with straps to hold them in both your
vagina and asshole at the same time.  The description explained that the larger
penis-like one was a powerful vibrator and the smaller dildo was referred to as
a butt plug.  The picture showed a computer-generated rendition of what the
apparatus would look like if it were held appropriately together in thin air. 
The leather strap set had one thick strap going around the persons middle and
multiple thinner straps running down between the legs.  Nothing really showed me
how it all fit together.

I went looking for any of the partners, but they all were away from their desks. 
The clock was ticking, so, I did the next best thing that I could think of.  I
went to the product room.  I walked through the aisles of goods and found the
shelf with a copy of the Multi Pack Stimulator.  The cover of the box showed the
lower half of a woman wearing it, but it wasn't clear how the thin straps were
coming together to hold in the pseudo penises.  Opening the box I found that the
instructions were less than helpful.  I personally couldn't make any sense out
of the diagrams or the written instructions.

I picked the box up and set out to leave when my eye lit on a pair of panties
that were the same baby blue color as my bustier and even had black lace trim. 
I didn't really like the G-string that had come with the outfit so I decided to
walk over and take a look.  I reasoned that if I was going to save that outfit
for my hopefully soon to be found lover, than I should at least pick up a pair
of panties that I like to go with it.  The panties were French cut and made of a
soft silky material.  The waist, leg openings and a strip right down the center
of the crotch were highlighted with bands of sensual black lace.  Picking up the
delicate panty in both hands I was surprised when the crotch split open. Oh, my
God, how perfect!  I quickly imagined binding myself up for my lover as I had
done the night before and him being able to penetrate me without messing around
with the silly G-string.  I had to have them.  At the door I did as directed and
'purchased' the panties.  I went to leave when I realized that I hadn't
accounted for the Multi Pak.  I didn't know how the inventory system around here
worked, but Lucinda had been insistent that I sign out whatever I removed from
the 'product closet'.  Re-entering the system, I quickly charged it to myself.

Back at my desk I slid the panties into my bag and then tried to figure out the
'stimulator set'.  Without putting the damn thing on myself, I could not begin
to fathom how these thin straps would hold their charges in.  I really wanted
this job, but I wasn't about to walk into the toilet, insert a couple of dildo's
into my nether regions, just to figure out how to properly apply the straps.

Neither Mr. Thatcher, nor Lucinda had returned to their offices, but Mr.
Harrison was in.  I had only barely met the man and was a little nervous about
going to talk to him about such a sensitive issue.  I laughed at myself, when I
realized what I had been thinking.  Heck, this is what people do here so this
could hardly be called a sensitive subject.  Never the less I was still a little
uncertain.

I knocked on his open door and said quickly, "Could you help me with a customers
problem that I am trying to resolve."  Looking up for what he was writing at his
desk, he smiled at me and responded, "Sure I can, young lady.  Step right in and
take a seat.  I won't be a minute, but I would just like to finish this
thought."  He looked back down at his work and I did as instructed and sat down
at on the sofa near the coffee table.  His office was a lot like Mr. Thatcher's,
but where Mr. Thatcher had plants he had paintings.  Sunset at a lighthouse with
water splashing about its rock base, seascapes and a few sailing ships decorated
his walls. 

Gazing down at the coffee table I spotted a copy of the company's catalog.  I
couldn't help but stare at the lovely brunette on the cover.  "She really is a
beauty, isn't she young lady?" he said warmly as he sat down opposite me. 
"Excuse me", I responded looking up to meet his eyes.  "The brunette you were
looking at so intently", he prompted me.  "Yes", I answered honestly, "She is
very beautiful".  He sighed lightly and said, "Yes, she is at that.  You know
you look an awful lot like Ann."  I didn't know what to say, so I just gave him
a shy little smile.  "Yep, when Michael called me and told me that we had hit
the jackpot with the temp the agency had sent over, he also said that your were
almost the spitting image of his wife.  Now that I see you up close, I can tell
he was right." I had been blushing from the praise; I was receiving when all of
what he said hit me.  "His wife..." I stammered before I could stop myself. 
"Sure is", he answered, "They've both worked here, in one way or another, for
years." He looked at me and could see my obvious interest, "How about a I tell
you a little background about this company, my dear?"  I nodded my head quickly.

He stood up looking off in the distance for a moment, before he turned back to
me.  He had such an engaging manner about him that I could not turn away.  He
was the oldest of the three partners, probably around his late 40's, but he
seemed to act like everyone's friendly father.  His crusty warm voice told this
tale.

"I started the company back in '82.  I was a salesman at the time and I saw what
all of the other mail order catalogs were doing were doing in this field and I
thought to myself that I could do it better.  Well, I spent the next five years
building this company up with very little staff and hardly any money to spare. 
One day I get a call from this firecracker, Michael.  He's a young 27, with an
MBA and he's working for one of the competition.  He's in finance and he
convinces me that it would be a good idea if we could meet.... You see he was
trying to get me to sell my company. 

I knew that of course, but he was paying for lunch so I agreed.  We hit it off
from the moment we met.  It was like I had known him forever and we were life
long friends.  Instead of just cutting him off at restaurant, like I had
planned, I brought him back to the warehouse that I was running the business out
of back then.  I showed him around and he looked closely at just about every
product that I offered to the public.  He commented on the quality of the
products and said that my line was much better and more extensive than his own
firms.  He left me that day with a hearty handshake telling me he would call,
but I never thought that I would see him again.

Two weeks later I came to work as usual and found Michael sitting on the stoop
in front of the warehouse.  'I want to come work for you', he said to me flat
out.  I told him he was crazy, that the business was only throwing off barely
enough money to support me.  I couldn't very well afford to pay someone of his
caliber's salary.  He wouldn't be swayed.  Said, he would work for nothing if he
had to, but he felt that he belonged here.  He also said that he had a lot of
ideas how he could financially turn around the company.  What did I have to
lose, so we shook hands and he was on board.

He did things that I would never believed possible.  Made us a real company for
one thing, which greatly changed our tax picture, but that was just the start. 
He bowled over the bankers and the zoning boards, getting us money and space for
expansion.  In six months we had made such strides, that not only could we
expand, but we could also afford to feed ourselves.

That's about when his wife showed up.  It was Ann who actually changed the
complexion of the company to what it is today.  But, I'm getting ahead of
myself.  Like I said we were still short of money and couldn't afford the
clerks, accountants and secretaries we really needed to run our expanding
company.  Michael and I worked long hours, everyday and often worked on
weekends.  So there she was one Saturday handling the bills, in a loose
sleeveless sweet shirt, shorts and sneakers, she was about your age at the time. 
When I had been introduced, she told me that she was tried of not seeing her
husband.  So if she couldn't see him at home, at least she could be with him
here. 

She was a godsend.  Got all of our paper work in order by organizing a platoon
of college kids that were looking for summer employment.  Her husband's idea,
but she made it happen. 

One weekend Michael and I were doing the manual labor of actually unloading a
truck of our catalogs into the warehouse.  It had just arrived from the
printers.  Ann sat there during lunch leafing through the catalog.  When we
finally sat down, tried and hot from our exertions.  She looked at us both and
flipped the catalog onto the table.  'That thing is not going to sell your
products', she said disdainfully.  We looked at her dumb founded and started to
make negative noises... 'It doesn't sell me and I don't think it will sell your
other customers either', she said positively certain of her position.  Not
wanting to insult her, but totally exasperated, I asked what was wrong with it
and what we she would do to fix it. 

She felt that it was geared strictly towards a male viewpoint.  Yes, males were
the most predominate benefactors from our products, she agreed, but it was women
who more often then not made the purchases.  She cited the customer mail that
was almost 90% from women, either praising or complaining about our products. 
We had to make the catalog 'female friendly', she proclaimed.  "How?" I asked
again. 

To start with I would change the cover.  Look at it, block letters and a picture
of a lovely smiling woman in skimpy lingerie.  We are not Frederick's of
Hollywood and we shouldn't make ourselves look like it.  On a blank piece of
computer paper she drew a heart.  She put two stick drawings in the heart and
labeled them lace and leather.  In Script about the top of the heart she wrote
Leather and Lace, Inc., then used her pencil to shade in the background on the
page.  Her husband took the pencil from her when she finished and gave the heart
a double outline, made it look like rope with a knot at the top.  Ann explained
her idea which, as you can see, has been the tone of our cover ever since.  In
fact the cover on this years catalog and many of the other pictures inside are a
tenth anniversary reprint of that groundbreaking catalogue.

She also pointed out that with the exception of the lingerie section, none of
the rest of the products were modeled at all.  I told her that there were
pornography laws against, such things and we could not do that.  No of course we
can't show vaginal or anal penetration, but how about a picture of a woman
getting a sexy massage with oil gleaming on her back.  And what about all of the
bondage equipment, it just lays there in the catalog like it was in some museum
showcase.  I'll bet you there are no laws about showing someone modeling wrist
or ankle cuffs, collars or blindfolds.  Her husband and I looked at each other
and back at Ann and we knew that she was right.  We would have to re-shoot at
least part of this catalog, Michael said to me.  How, I asked.  Where will we
get the money for the reprinting and where are we going to get models that will
agree to these types of pictures?  Michael said that he would get the money and
Ann said that she would find the models.

The next Saturday, as agreed, we all met at the photographer's studio.  I was
dismayed to see Ann walk in with only one of our normal models.  "Is this all
you could get", I asked dejectedly.  'What more do you need", she replied, "than
a blond and a brunette."  I looked behind her for the brunette, and then I
realized what she meant.  "You don't mean to say..." I began.  Before I could
say anymore she had stripped off her standard college sweat shirt top.  Ann had
a perfect size six body, with flat stomach and large firm breast, which her
orange bikini top barely held in check.  I looked over at her husband, he smiled
and said, 'It was her idea and once my wife has made up her mind its damn near
impossible to change it.  'But the bondage equipment...' I asked incredulously. 
Michael looked sheepishly at the floor.  I turned my gaze back to his wife.  Ann
turned to the blond asked her to go get ready for the shoot.  When she turned
back to me, she said flat out, 'My lord and master over there, is a true bondage
enthusiast.  I love him so I go along for the ride.'  I looked aghast at what
this beautiful young woman was saying to me.  She patted me on the arm and said
to me, 'Harry, its OK.  This isn't the first time that I've worn leather
restraints and as long as I stay married to this old lunk (she reached over and
gave Michael's arm a squeeze) it probably won't be the last time.'

She was right of course.  Her and Mary, the blond, worked through the weekend. 
About a hundred of the many thousands of shots ended up in the catalog.  Sales
boomed that year and we have been growing ever since.  I tried to get Ann to
come on board as marketing director, but she refused.  Said she wasn't
qualified, but she would look for someone that was.  That's where Ms. Grant came
from.  Ann contacted countless agencies and interviewed hundreds of executives
before she presented us with Lucinda.

'And that pretty much is that, as they say', he finished.  'Thanks for listening
to an old dog like me.  Every once and awhile its nice to relive your
beginnings, but what was it you needed my help with, dear lady?'  I beamed at
him and thanked him for telling me the company's history and then I outlined the
customer's problem.  I finished by telling him the steps that I had taken trying
to figure out the problem for myself.  'What did you conclude after your
research?' he asked with interest.  I hemmed and hawed not wanting to demean the
instructions.  'Go on, you can tell the honest truth to 'ol Harry?'

'First I didn't understand, why the product just didn't use one thicker strap
between the legs', I began, 'But excluding that, I concluded that I wouldn't be
able to figure out how to use it without putting it on myself.'

'Exactly', he exclaimed excitedly.  'Let me see those instructions", he asked. 
I handed them over and he read them quickly.  "Unnhhh,  Unnhhhh, Uuuunnnnhhh",
he mumbled to himself.  'A man wrote these, not someone as you so aptly put it
'who had put it on themselves!'

"Now here are the answers to your questions", he said like a knowledgeable
college professor.  'First, we do have a similar product with a single strap
down the center.  Its more functional, but a lot less pretty.  Therefore we sell
a lot more of these, remember women are a main consumer.' He paused for a second
to catch his breath, 'Second, take the vibrator and the butt plug out of the
box'.  A little nervously, I did as instructed.  Holding one in each hand.  'Now
turn them upside down and look at their bottoms.  At the base of each of the
fake penises there was a thicker piece of plastic, with a thin lateral opening
at the top and another shelf below.  'The idea is to fit the thin leather straps
into the notch in the bottom', he took the vibrator from me and pulled the four
leather strips out of the box.  He slid in the fist strap and than quickly the
others,  the straps slid between the two pieces of plastic and were held in
place by the opposing solid 'L' like projections beneath the base.  Holding only
the straps, he shook the eight-inch cock up and down, yet none of the straps
popped out of its holder.  'You see', he asked.  I smiled like a school girl and
said, 'Yes, Yes, now it makes sense.'  Putting all of the pieces back into the
box I made to leave, thanking him for everything, and saying that I had to get
on the phone to the customer from Texas.  His voice stopped me as I reached the
door, 'Just two things before you go, young lady.  First, explain how it works
to the customer but warn her that it's easy enough to get in, but it's the
getting it out that can be tricky.  Tell her not to try to take the straps out
while the dildo's are still in her, I am told that it is nearly impossible. 
Simply undo the waist belt and remove them one at a time.' He paused.  'Second,
write a draft of how the instructions should read, using what I have told you as
your basis.  Give it to me tomorrow afternoon and then I will go have a little
talk with our copy department manager.'

Going back to my desk, I called Karen from Texas, and explained how the gizmo
worked.  I also gave her the warning as directed by Mr. Harrison.  She thanked
me profusely.  Then in a whispery voice she confided in me, that she was playing
a game with her husband. He had requested that she be stripped on the bed when
he got home, with the Multi Pack Simulator running and a blindfold on so that
she wouldn't know when he arrived.  As he put it, she further explained, 'He
wants me so hot when he gets there that he'll think he's riding a wild bronco! 
Oh, oh, I've got to go and get ready.  Bye and thanks again.'

Finished with that, I resumed my normal workload.  A lot of which had
unfortunately backed up.  It wasn't until almost five o'clock that I started to
work on re-writing the instructions.  Looking at the way the current
instructions were written, I couldn't easily figure out how to mimic that same
style.  Trying to write them from scratch was equally difficult as I kept coming
up with questions.  A little after five o'clock, Mr. Thatcher came out of his
office and told me to go home.  There isn't anything that you are doing now that
won't wait until the morning, he assured me.

Staring at the unfinished assignment in front of me, I decided not to argue and
folded my notes and put them into my bag.  From the box under the desk, I
retrieved the instructions.  Then in a burst of inspiration I figured that I
might need any one of the pieces of equipment to examine while I wrote the
instructions for their usage.  I pushed everything into my bag.

At home I went through my normal routine.  Aerobics, shower and then food.  When
I was finished with my dinner, I sat down at the small kitchenette and opened my
bag.  I retrieved my notes and the instructions.  Next I laid out each of the
pieces and set them on the table before me.  My newly acquired panties tumbled
out of my bag with the other equipment, so I neatly folded them and put them
aside.  I closed my eyes and tried to imagine how that customer from Texas would
have done it.  Nothing.  Maybe I just wasn't cut out to be a writer of
instructions, I consoled myself.  All I could see behind my closed eyes was a
blindfolded female, bucking like a bronco, beneath her husbands touch.

Then I kept coming back to what Harry had said earlier, you couldn't properly
explain how to use the product, unless you had used it yourself.  I looked down
at the assorted equipment and my new panties lying on the table and smiled
devilishly to myself.  'Why not', I said to myself, 'I've already paid for it.'

Moving everything into the bedroom, I laid each of the items out neatly on top
of my bureau.  From the closet I removed my bondage set and put that equipment
on the bed.  The bustier and stockings had already been removed from the
bathroom, prior to my shower.  I took the bustier from my lingerie draw, I saw
that it could probably use a little ironing, but now was not the time to for it. 
I would make everything as it was the night before with the exception that this
time I would add the 'Nitro charged Multi Pack Stimulator' to my ensemble.

First I put on my new panties.  The silky nylon panels were not see-through like
the rest of the bustier, but the baby blue color was a perfect match.  Despite
the fact that it was unusual to be wearing panties that were split from stem to
stern, I still liked them much more than the G-string.  The material was smooth
and even the lace was softer and much more comfortable than its less expensive
predecessor had been.  Machine made nylon lace can tend to be very scratchy, but
this lace, that gently rubbed my pussy with every move, was more little a sweet
caress.  I vowed to myself, to get as much of the companies superior products as
I could, before my brief tenure ran out.

I fixed my hair and make up.  Snapped myself into the bustier and slid into the
hose.  Retrieving my favored slippers, I put them on also.  Looking at myself
critically in the mirror, I decided that I passed muster, but with a devilish
smile I added small amounts of perfume in all the places that a man would love
to find them.  Behind my ears, in the cleavage of my breasts and down between my
legs.  Oh god, I wanted a man!  That was something else that I vowed to rectify.

Moving to the bed, I efficiently set up the restraints.  It was a lot easier the
second time around.  The comforter was off, this time and destined for the
laundry.  Taking off my clothes before showering I had noticed a familiar smell
in the air.  It came from the bed.  I did not see any wet spots, but my hand did
find a damp area were some of my secretions must have fallen.

Soft flannel sheets covered the bed.  Pink, with little white hearts.  I placed
a pink hand towel in the center of the bed, just were I expected my butt to
rest, to make sure the sheets were safe.  Surveying my handy work, I could find
no flaw, nor could I think of any other things to do that would keep me from my
next groundbreaking step.

I stared at the pieces of the stimulator set.  I was sure that I wanted to do
this, God I wanted to experience what Karen from Texas was feeling, but in the
back of my mind it was still a little scary.  I had never used a vibrator or a
dildo.  Only at slumber parties in my teen years had I ever even seen them, but
I was much too timid at the time to even hold it to my crotch like some of the
other girls did.  This is what you get from a sheltered up bringing, I thought
to myself.

Not stalling any longer, I picked up the thick leather waist strap and buckled
it tightly in place.  Positioning myself appropriately, I looked over my
shoulder into the dresser mirror.  On the back of the black three-inch thick
strap were four D rings from which the thin leather straps were suspended.  I
adjusted the belt a little to the left so that the dangling cords were evenly
spaced across my rear end.  Now came the hard part. 

The directions had said to put the butt plug in first, but I couldn't bring
myself to do this.  I had never had anything go into my anal passageway that
wasn't medically related and I wasn't about to make that my first step.  I
picked up the vibrator, instead.  It was described as being eight inches long
and I didn't doubt it one bit.  Only one of the few lovers that I had had in my
short adult life, had sported a penis this long and his hadn't been as wide as
this pseudo one. 

Leaning my butt up against the bureau, I gathered my courage and put my free
hand between my legs.  Pushing the lacy material further apart I was gratified
to feel that the excitement of getting ready had already begun to make me wet. 
Closing my eyes I fantasized about being bound upon the bed with my imaginary
lover lapping voraciously at my warm, all so deserving, sex.  I stopped my
ministrations reluctantly, as I felt properly lubricated and didn't want to
waste a good orgasm.  Using both hands, I maneuvered the head of the rubber cock
against my waiting lower lips.  Pushing slowly forward, I grunted as it first
went in.  Changing the angle slightly I continued to push the thick penis into
me.  Before it had gotten all the way in it seemed to refuse to go any further. 
Pushing harder and twisting, I sighed happily, as I saw the base settle firmly
against my vagina.  I could feel my muscles tensing around the fake cock,
seemingly trying to push the invader out.  This gave me understanding into why
the straps were needed.  Without the use of my hands to hold it in, eventually
the false cock would be expelled from my warm slick opening, especially once it
started vibrating.

Taking a deep breath, I prepared myself for the insertion of the butt plug.  The
directions mentioned the application of K-Y jelly to my rear entrance, prior to
using the plug or in lieu of that Vaseline.  I didn't have any idea what K-Y
jelly was, so I got out some Vaseline.  I first reached between my legs to find
my rear entrance.  This I did, but I also found out that it was very difficult
to get around the base of the vibrator to get to it!  I tried again and realized
that the directions had been right.  Dejectedly I pulled out the vibrator.  Oh,
I loved those squishy, sucking sounds it made as it left its new home.  They
reminded me of memories of hardened manhood sliding in and out of my all so
happy love tunnel.

Applying the Vaseline was now a snap.  I put plenty around the entrance and even
used my index finger to push some of the slippery substance into the tight
little hole.  I held the smaller and slimmer penis with both hands.  It was made
of a stiffer rubber than the vibrator.  I realized why as soon as I began to
press the head against my bunghole.  It didn't want to go in!  'Great', I
laughed to myself, 'I've got the only dildo in the world that's afraid of the
dark.'  I bent over and pushed harder and then even harder...  I straightened
and gasped involuntarily, as with a pop it  finally made its way inside.  Taking
more deep breaths, I bent again and worked to push it the rest of the way in. 
It refused to budge and the pressure I was exerting in that region, was not what
I would describe as pleasurable.  Thinking that it was like the vibrator, I
tried twisting and turning it but to no avail.  It was a fact that all the
pressure that I could bring to bear was just not sufficient to get the job done.

Not to be stopped in my quest, I waddled over to the corner of the dresser. 
Standing on tiptoes I straddled the corner and placed the base of the dildo
against it.  I braced the base firmly against the corner with one hand and
balanced myself with the other.  I knew what I had to do, but I didn't want to
do it.  Feeling the arching of my feet begin to tire, I looked down to see the
soft leather slippers arched to my feet like the ballet counterparts that they
resembled.  Closing my eyes, I gave up my struggle and let my own weight push
the dildo into me.  'Oh, Ohhh, Ohhhhh,' I moaned in surprise I let it in bit by
bit.  Now I knew what it was like to be impaled!  Ohhhhh, I sighed as the
thicker middle made it's way into me and then the rest followed quickly. 

Hurrying, I slipped the vibrator back in with very little difficulty.  I thought
at one point that I could feel the two penis' pressing against each other
through my thin inner walls, but I really wasn't sure.  Drawing the first strap
between my legs, I understood why the customer from Texas had had problems.  It
seemed easy in Mr. Harrison's office sliding the cord into the slot in the base,
but this exercise was anything but easy.  If you had your lover to help you it
would be a cinch, but self-use was a trial.  Bending over I had to use my
fingers to first find the slot, then work the cord into it.  The problem was
multiplied, because of working from back to front you had to work around the
base of the vibrator to secure the butt plug first.  Also getting both of the
notches to line up without being able to see what you were doing, was a
nightmare.  Let me tell you, that there are few things more difficult then
bending over at the waist while you have dildos buried within your vagina and
buttocks.

Finally I got all four cords through each of the appropriate openings.  I used
the small brass buckles on the front of the belt to attach the thin straps.  I
made sure that they were tight, simply because I had gone to too much work to
see one of these orifice filling dildo's slide out by accident.

Sitting down on the bed I quickly attached my ankles to the opposite corners of
the bed.  The gag came next.  My mouth, at first, refused to be pushed to the
limit needed to enclose the ball, but just when I thought it would not work, the
ball popped into place.  The buckle caught in my hair, for a second, but was
quickly freed.

I then used my left hand to apply the cuff to my right wrist.  This was the
fail-safe method that I had learned by my previous evenings exertions.  All I
had to do was leave the cuff a little loose.  Loose enough that if I relaxed my
hand it could slide through the cuff.  Also a long as I kept my right hand
formed into a fist, it wasn't going anywhere.

The blindfold was applied and then my remaining free hand traveled down between
my thighs.  By feel I found the base of the vibrator, between the numerous
cords, and the switch that would empower it.  I didn't know what to expect, but
I had my own ideas.  I flicked the switch on.

Quickly, I moved my wrist to the final cuff and rolled it tightly into its
restraint.  My bondage complete and all of the other accessories in place, I lay
back to embrace the entire experience.  But, as soon as my focus was off that
action, I began to feel the motions of the vibrator.  It was aptly named as it
did exactly what its name suggested, that is it gave off a constant vibration. 
However, I had had no previous experience in this area and I didn't truly
understand how that simple thrumming was going to effect me.

"Ohhhhh", I mumbled around the yellow ball.  All of my actions up to this point
had been building the excitement within me.  Right from the very start just the
thought that I was going to bind myself, virtually helplessly, to the bed made
me hot.  Each additional adornment, such as the sexy lingerie, the gag,
blindfold and especially the Multi Pack Stimulator added to the intensity of my
arousal.  Within seconds of activating the quivering cock I was on fire.

The rubber penis in my lower mouth, rubbed vigorously against the G-spot just
within my widely spread lips and all up and down my sensitive inner walls.  This
by itself would have been more than enough to send me over the top, in my
already excited state, but that wasn't all that was happening to me.

"Uummmphh, Uummpppphh", I said despite the gag.  The gag was forgotten as a gut
wrenching volcanic orgasm built within my enflamed body.  Arching my back I
thrust my pelvis skyward, which despite my restrained position, lifted my ass
entirely off the bed. The vibrator shook the most at its base.  Those taut cords
that I had pulled through the base of the pseudo penises were also vibrating.  I
could feel the narrow straps thrumming against my flat stomach and tight buns,
sort of like a guitar string that had been plucked.  These same cords also
passed through the base of the butt plug, which gave the same effect as having
two instead of one vibrator in me. 

My hips thrust upward on there own accord, my mind no longer in control. 
"Aaaarrrrgggghhhhh", I moaned gutturally into the heavy ball.  The softer
motions of small penis in my anal canal were something I had never experienced
and the combination was driving me crazy.  My hands were balled into fists so
tightly that they hurt.  My slippers dug into the bed allowing my knees to flex
and let my pelvis go wild.  Strong leg muscles felt as taut as steel cables.

In minutes the fire between my legs was an inferno and yet it still built.  My
breathing was coming in gasps and I thought the pressure between my wildly
spread legs was going to kill me.  "Ohhhh God, Ohhhhhhh God, Ohhhhhhhh Yes. 
Yessss.  Yessssss", I mumbled incoherently as I came in the blockbuster of all
orgasms.  I thrashed from side to side, ripping at my restraints with all of my
strength.  The waves of release continued to crash into me like breakers against
a rocky shore.  More and more waves swept through me, until my sexually charged
body tingled from the roots of my hair to the leather covered toes of my feet. 
I screamed with delight into my gag as the monstrous orgasm finally ended. 

As my body began to relax, in the warm after glow of sexual release, the thought
that I had died and gone to heaven filled my mind.  The large prick bound into
my body had other ideas than letting me relax, though.  The constant vibrations
did not cease with my orgasm.  The cords did not stop their thrumming and the
plug in my rear passage way did not cease its seductive motions.  Rather than
bask in release, I could feel my body tensing towards another round. 

At that point I almost released my wrist and stopped the process before it got
really underway, but I stopped myself.  Would my imaginary lover turn off my
strapped in vibrator after only one set of orgasms?  I doubted it. 

It took a little longer this time.  My strength had been taxed during the first
go round, so I couldn't keep my butt lifted off the bed.  This slightly retarded
the motions of the butt plug.  The muscles in my inner thighs were sore from the
strain of being spread so widely, combined with my earlier pelvis thrusting, and
they just wanted to rest.  The base of the vibrator continued to vibrate
viciously against my G-spot.  Soon I was shifting my buttocks from cheek to
cheek, which intensified the building fire.  Higher, higher, higher the pressure
built.....

"Yeeesssssss", I screamed once more as the wave spread through my body.  I
pulled at my restraints, making my whole body as taut as the skin on a drum. 
"Ohhhh, Yessssss", I murmured, loving life and everything about it.  Again and
again the waves passed through me, not as intense as the previous orgasms, but
marvelous just the same.  Once again the sexual release subsided, and this time
I really wanted to relax and enjoy it. 

The vibrations of the fake penis, were beginning to be uncomfortably insistent. 
This time however, I didn't feel the building of the orgasms that I come to
expect.  It just seemed to get me to a very high level of excitement, but not
take me over the peak.  The excitement that at first was fun in the warmth of my
last orgasm, became down right annoying.  The fake vibrating cocks motions,
became onerous rather than sensuous.

Before the entire mood was ruined, I opened my right fist and slid through its
attendant cuff.  Quickly, I reached down and switched off the tiresome vibrator. 
Ahhhhhhh, much better, I thought to myself.  My body was tired and spent, but
that warm after glow of the two wonderful sets of orgasms made me feel great.  I
just lay there for a few minutes basking in my glorious state.

Reaching, over to my left wrist I undid it's bindings.  I inched the satin night
mask upwards onto my forehead, but did not remove it.  Using both hands I undid
the gag and placed it on the bedside table.  I checked the alarm and turned it
to the on position.  Using a blanket I had earlier set besides the bed, I
covered myself from toes to torso.  Attaching my right restraint appropriately,
I then lowered my mask and carefully bound my remaining wrist.

In the warm after math of my personalized love making session, I lay contentedly
in my restraints.  Luxuriating in the feel of my bondage and ensemble I drifted
off to sleep.




Leather & Lace
Chapter 3 - The Wager: Part I
By the White Knight

When I sat down at my desk on Friday morning, I found two notes.  One was from
Mr. Harrison, telling me to set up a meeting with the head of the copy
department for 10:00am on Monday, as his schedule was too cramped to fit it in
today.  He added that he would like to review my version of the instructional
documentation first thing Monday morning.  The second note was from Mr. Thatcher
asking me to see him as soon as I arrived. 

Using a compact mirror I checked my face and hair.  Smoothing my skirt as I
stood I walked to his office and knocked on the open door.  He smiled as he
looked up from some pictures he was reviewing. 

"Good morning, my dear", he said warmly.  "Please take a seat." He gestured to a
chair in front of his desk.  I sat down and returned his greeting.  He asked me
how I was getting along now that my first week was nearly up. I responded
truthfully that I was enjoying working for Leather & Lace very much.  Mr.
Thatcher was pleased to hear that and went on to tell me that all of the
partners were extremely pleased with my work in general and especially the way
that I really put all of myself into my assignments.

Then he launched into an explanation of a new project that he would like me to
work on.  It seems that the company was going to add a new line of 'bondage
kits'.  Not like the nylon restraints that I had, but kits that would form a set
of stocks, a suspension frame. a padded saw horse, something called a St. Greg's
cross and more.  He empathized that as much as possible of the construction
would be handled by our sub-contractor to make the assembly as easy as possible
for our customers.  He went on to tell me that the company received thousands of
requests per year asking if we knew where they could get wooden constructs such
as these.  If there were thousands making this request, there were probably
multiple thousands interested, he reasoned.

All of the kits would require sets of restraints to be included with them. 
Therefore we as a company we are going to need more leather straps, cuffs,
collars and belts in a whole variety of sizes, shapes and colors.  My role was
to help put together a computerized slide presentation that would be used to
convince our leather working sub-contractor to reduce or at the very least hold
their current prices, due to the increased volume.  This was very important to
the company, because there had been rumors that prices on leather goods were
going to go up a minimum of ten per cent this year.

As he finished his little speech, he came around from behind his desk and rested
his hand on my shoulder.  If anyone else had done that I would have read them
the riot act, but from him you could tell it was not a sexual move, just
something to bring two people closer.  He looked deep into my eyes and said, "We
are going to need your all on this project.  In the past we have always depended
on your predecessor, Kay, to handle these assignments.  She isn't here and you
are, so we really need your help to make this work."  Meeting his strong
concerned gaze, I told him not to worry and that I was sure that I could handle
the job.  Fantastic he responded, and then as he escorted me to the door, he
informed me that someone from the advertising group would be E-mailing me the
pictures to be used in the presentation.

The rest of the day went by uneventfully.  I began the project by taking the
provided computerized pictures and placing them into a Power Point slide show. 
It was slow going to make the pictures look exactly correct and they need to be
shuffled and re-shuffled to keep up with the ever-changing sales pitch.  It was
fun in a way because Mr. Thatcher worked with me closely.  Looking over my
shoulder at the screen to make suggestions and requests.  He always had a warm
smile and a word of praise to reward my efforts.

Quitting time came and I hurried home.  I maintained my normal schedule
aerobics, shower and a light supper.  I knew that I didn't have a lot of time
for fun and games tonight because I had agreed to go out with one of my few
remaining girl friends, Marcy, to a nearby nightclub.  I say few remaining,
because many of my friends had been mutual friends of my previous boyfriend, so
my list of friends had dwindled dramatically.

Our night out was basically a bust.  We were both dressed in moderately sexy
mini dresses, so we had quite a few males interested in us.  Unfortunately, they
basically feel into two categories; the preppies that were so impressed with
themselves and felt that you should be also and the wolves that did everything
but drool as the pictured you naked.

We left shortly after mid-night.  I invited Marcy in for a drink and we sat in
the living room, sharing are standard lament, 'where have all the good men
gone'.  Sipping white wine we talked about what would make the perfect man.  As
I spoke more and more I found myself using Mr. Thatcher as my role model.  He
was taken, of course, but somehow I needed to find myself a younger version of
the same mold.

I went to bed a little worse for drink.  Feeling sorry for myself, Ann had her
Michael, where was my partner I asked the universe?  I am in no way a holy
roller, but I do believe in God, so my last thought for the night was a prayer
to him to help me find my perfect mate.

I didn't get out of bed until noon the next day.  Then I forced myself to do all
of those little chores, which had piled up during the week.  Dry cleaning,
laundry, food shopping and house hold cleaning. This done I decided that I had
one thing that I had to do for work before beginning anything else, for my own
pleasure.  Of course the job I had in mind to do, could of course be viewed as
pleasure, but that just made my work all the more enjoyable.  My assignment was
to come up with a better way to put on that Multi Pack Stimulator.  The way I
had done it on Thursday worked, but the difficulty I had encountered could be
viewed as a real turn off to the customer.  So at four-thirty in the afternoon I
stripped naked in my bedroom and calmly surveyed the pieces of equipment that I
had laid out on the bed. 

Inserting both of the dildos into myself and then trying to put the laces in had
been a bust as far as I was concerned, there just had to be a better way.  I
picked up the butt plug and looked at it.  This had to go in first, that I knew. 
But, what if the laces were already secured into the base of the dildos before I
started I thought.  Then I would just have to insert the two of them and buckle
the straps to finish the process.  I threaded the thin cords through both
dildo's but each time I tried put in the butt plug in I would always drop the
vibrator which would slide off the straps.  After multiple variations I finally
got it right.

First, I buckled the thick belt about my waist and  then I reached between my
legs and grabbed the dangling cords.  Holding the butt plug in front of me, I
threaded the thin straps into its and pushed it into my anal passageway, using
the end of the dresser impalement method.  Grabbing the dangling cords once more
I inserted them through the base of the vibrator and then pushed it home. 
Needless to say I had already greased the way for my rubber friends.  Finally I
buckled them tightly into place.  Perfection, I sighed in happiness at my
achievement.

They felt good in my nether regions, so I decided to keep them in as I wrote up
the instructions on how to use them.  It seemed apropos to me.  I walked
gingerly into the living room, not wanting to walk too quickly or take strides
that were to long, because of what the movement caused my buried buddies to do
to me.  An interesting feeling to say the least, but I baby stepped my way into
the room and sat down on the floor before the coffee table.  I loved to sit on
the floor there and write at the small table.  Today I had to sit sort of
sideways, on only one cheek, but I still loved the experience.  The thick shag
rug felt soft and yummy against my bare skin and tickled me in places that it
normally wouldn't be able to touch.  Within an hour I had things pretty much the
way I wanted them.  All I had to do was type it up on Monday morning and give it
the Mr. Harrison as soon as I was done.

The little bit of walking that I had to do with the dildos strapped into me had
interested me very much.  Subtle changes in my walk, especially putting a little
more swing into my hips, sent them into the most exciting of motions.  So I
decided to try a real bump and grind walk while wearing them.  The best way to
do this is to put one foot in front of the other and shifting the hips in sync
with your feet.  Doing this in bare feet was OK, but a true bump and grind
needed high heels.  I put on my party shoes and pranced around the house, each
bump and each grind sending tingles through my body.  I found myself cupping my
breasts in my hands and squeezing the tips of my nipples.  Without much warning
I felt an orgasm nearing.  I quickly lay down on the plush shag carpet  and
turned on the vibrator.  Using my fingers I helped myself achieve climax in a
matter of seconds.  When my orgasm ended I quickly switched off the vibrator and
just lay back to enjoy the feeling.

The remainder of the weekend went by quietly.  I played with my toys from time
to time and experimented with different ways to use my cuffs.   Sunday night I
rewarded myself for working on Saturday, by sleeping bound to the bed.

Monday, was total chaos.  I barely had time to type up my instructions and put
them in Mr. Harrison's mail, before everything got crazy. Lucinda and Mr.
Thatcher had together asked me if I would be willing to work late this week to
complete the presentation.  I agreed, knowing that I would get paid overtime
past five.   To show how happy they were, they decided to throw in a bonus. 
They were going to increase my product room allowance from the standard $200
dollars, up to salesmen level of $500.  I smiled and thanked them.  No, it
wasn't money in my pocket, but it showed me that they cared about my
contributions.  The whole office seemed focused on this presentation.  We worked
non-stop from nine until eight that night.

Just before lunch Mr. Harrison came over and thanked me for a 'great job' on the
instructions.  He also told me that the Copy Department director was very
impressed with my work also, and when my current job finished he might be able
to find a place for me.  I beamed from ear-to-ear and thanked Mr. Harrison for
the opportunity.  He told me that I had earned it, and to think nothing of it.

Everyday that week went like this.  Up even earlier than normal.  Get to the
office by eight in the morning and leave at about eight at night.  Go home do my
aerobics, shower and eat.  Then I would read a book, or if I had any energy left
over, thumb through the company catalog.  I basically decided that I wanted to
over haul my lingerie collection and I was trying to decide what to get.  I
often fell asleep dreaming of the soft sexy creations.

One day as I ate lunch at my desk, Lucinda spotted me looking through the
catalog.  She came over and asked me, 'Have you decided what you want to
purchase yet?'  Closing the catalog I told her that I hadn't.  I told her my
basic idea as my eyes wandered back down to Ann's shapely body on the catalog. 
'Why don't you get one of those?', she asked.  It took me a few seconds to
understand that she was talking about the corset.  'Oh no, I couldn't....', I
began demurely.  'Of course you can', Lucinda responded as she took my hand. 
She led and I felt compelled to follow. 

She took me directly to the women in charge of fashion, Andrea was her name, and
said that I was interested in a corset.  I blushed when Andrea looked me over. 
She called over an older woman who began to take my measurements.  I thought
they would just need the standard three, but she took more like ten.  Marking
them down on a chart by her side. 

Andrea looked to me and asked, "What do you want the corset to look like".  I
gave a lost shrug and told her I had no idea.   Lucinda spoke up for me, 'I
think she should start with a satin model, leather can come later.  She strikes
me as the slightly modest type so go with the half-cup.  Give her a four-inch
pull with double lacing.  Six garters not four.'  Andrea's assistant wrote this
all down quickly.  Lucinda pointed to one of the corset encased mannequin
torso's, "That's basically what I'm describing, go take a look.  I really think
that you will love it, my dear'.

I walked over to the mannequin and looked the corset over.  I touched the soft
sensuous satin, marveling at the feel.  As my fingers traveled around it I felt
the firm ribbing.  I stopped there and traveled the ribbing with my fingers. 
From behind me Andrea pointed out that all of the ribbing was stainless steel
now and was much better then whale bone.  I asked for and was given a measuring
tape with which I measured the waist, twenty inches, pretty tight I thought. 
Lucinda saw what I was doing and said, "Your customized corset will actually
have an eighteen inch waist."  I looked at her stunned.  "You have a twenty-two
inch waist and I am requesting a four inch pull, that leaves eighteen inches." 
I was having a hard time imagining wearing something that was going to squeeze
my middle that small when Andrea chimed in.  "That's the smallest pull we offer,
young lady.  Some people opt for more pull, but I think that a 'four pull', for
short, would be best to start with.'

I nodded my head not knowing what to say.  "Now what color, would you like your
corset to be", asked Andrea.  I looked back at the model on the mannequin and
replied, 'Exactly like that'.  Bright red , with black side panels, lace and
trim.  It was beautiful and I couldn't wait to try it on. Lucinda spoke to
Andrea quietly.  I was told that they would start work on it immediately, and
that I would have to come in for three fittings.  It would be ready in two to
three weeks.

Leaving I wondered if I had used up my entire bonus on that one item.  I knew
from the catalog that custom corsets started at $350 and went up from there.  I
mentioned this to Lucinda and she said that she had already asked the same
questions of Andrea, who had assured her that the garment would come in under
$250.  My mouth dropped open.  Lucinda smiled at me and reminded me that I was
paying cost for all items I purchased.  'How much would it have cost without my
discount?', I asked.  'Oh, somewhere around $500 or $550', she answered off
handily.  'By the way my dear', Lucinda continued.  'You just purchased the
entire corset set, that includes two sets of seamed hose, a pair of satin elbow
length gloves and a pair of shoes.  Boots are extra, but don't worry, I am sure
that we can find you something interesting in our shoe selection.

Going back to work was difficult at first, because all I could think of was the
red satin corset.  The amount of assignments that faced me soon brought my mind
back to the business at hand.  I went in for two of my three fittings during the
week, which made me love my personalized creation all the more.  I felt like a
kid waiting for Christmas to arrive.

Towards the end of the week I was called upon, to look up some information
concerning the last presentation that the company had made to a sub-contractor
Arch Leather Goods, Co.  I found the appropriate file and began to review it. 
What I found were dinner menus, food and liquor shopping lists and the address
of a house in Vermont.  After awhile I was able to piece together that last
meetings were held at the client's offices, during the day but were continued
into the evening at Mr. Thatcher's vacation home, which was obviously nearby. 
From the shopping lists which were written in neat script, that I recognized as
my predecessor's hand, she had been there orchestrating everything.  Catering,
shopping, meetings, changes to contracts, anything and everything that needed to
be done.  I wondered who was handling all of this, for this trip.

I walked into Mr. Thatcher's office to give him the information that he had
requested.  He thanked me and I turned to leave.  Curiosity kills the cat they
say, I couldn't help but ask who was handling all of the functions that my
predecessor had handled on the previous trip.  He stood up and replied easily,
'Actually Lucinda has agreed to take care of all of that.'  My mouth must have
dropped open, 'But, she's the director of marketing.  Isn't that going to lower
her credibility to the client when she has to make her part of the pitch.'  He
shrugged his shoulders and said, 'We're short handed and this is very important
to the company and she's the low-man on the totem pole.  So my dear, unless you
are volunteering, Lucinda has to do it.'  That stopped me in my tracks.  Then
the thought occurred to me why shouldn't I.  This place was going to be a morgue
while the partners were away and this couldn't hurt towards getting me a full
time position.  Besides it just didn't seem right to me to have Lucinda do that
kind of work.  She was one of the companies leaders, not a worker bee like me. 

'Yes', I said, more to myself than to Mr. Thatcher.  'Yes, I am volunteering to
handle the managing of your trip and any other details that arise.'  This time
he was speechless.  When he regained his composure, he gave me a warm smile and
shook my hand, 'Welcome on board, my dear'.  He then told me that he would talk
to Lucinda and that he was sure she would be by soon to hand over the trip
itinerary.

I had barely gotten back to my desk and have a few seconds to reflect on what I
had just done, when Lucinda ran around my desk and hugged me.  'Your an absolute
gem, my dear', she began almost in tears.  'Michael told me what you've done and
what you said about me... you're simply wonderful.'  With a final squeeze she
regained her composure quickly and set out on briefing me as to my new
additional responsibilities.  I would have to travel up there on Saturday to
make sure that the caterer and everything was in order.  Mr. Thatcher, would be
arriving Monday evening with Mr. Stanton, the president of Arch Leather Works. 
He would be there for two days, then she would be in for the next two days.  If
all went well with there meetings than Mr. Harrison would follow on Friday for
the wrap up meetings.  She hugged me again and left.

Friday came quickly and I packed, for my business trip.  Not knowing entirely
what was expected of me I packed a wide variety of outfits including two evening
gowns.  I figured what the heck, at the very worst they will just sit in the
trunk of the car. 

Saturday was awhirl of activity.  The long car ride was followed by shopping and
meeting with the caterer.  Then taking the time to figure out where everything
could be found in an unfamiliar house and where to put away all of the supplies. 
The house itself was large and needed time to familiarize myself with.  There
were four bedrooms upstairs and one more downstairs.  I had been assigned the
downstairs bedroom.  It had a beautiful full sized bed with posts at each corner
that were easily six feet tall.  The bed had a warm quilt comforter and I was
asleep shortly after my head hit the pillow.

Sunday saw me supervising a cleaning crew, during the morning.  They had already
been there during the week, but I was to inspect everything and have them
correct anything that needed fixing.  That afternoon, feeling that I had
everything as under control as it was going to get, I set out to relax.  They
had set up a beautiful recreation room as an extension to the house.  It was
wood paneled with high ceilings and warming skylights.  I sat down on a
comfortable couch and sipped my diet ice tea.  I must have drifted off when I
was awakened by someone calling my name.

Still fuzzy from my nap, I replied, 'Yes.  I'm in here.'  Dusky light was
filtering in from the overhead skylight, so I guessed that it must be late
afternoon.  A light snapped on and as I blinked my eyes to adjust, I heard Mr.
Thatcher say, 'There you are Sharon.'  I stood up quickly and said, 'I didn't
expect you until tomorrow night.'  He looked concerned at my discomfort and
replied, 'I really am sorry about that, my dear, but my friend Arch here decided
he like to have a little pow wow, prior to the morning meetings.  I would have
called but the darn batteries in my cellular ran out of juice on my way up here. 
I hope this doesn't cause you any problems.'  At about this point I started to
worry about what I must look like, waking up from a nap and wearing casual
clothing.  'No of course not, Sir', I responded.  'It's just that I don't have
anything for you to eat for the evening and well... I must look a fright.  I'd
like a few minutes to go and change.'

'First off, you look lovely as always, my dear', Mr. Thatcher said with a warm
smile.  'And second,....'  He pointed to Mr. Stanton, who had come a little
further into the room.  He held up a brown paper bag and said, 'I've got enough
dinner for everyone.  Chinese, a little shrimp, some beef and mess of
vegetables.'  Despite his slightly gravely voice Mr. Stanton had an easygoing
manner that made me like him right off the bat.  Still a little unsure about my
outfit, I smoothed my sweater skirt a bit and then walked forward on
slipper-clad feet, to relieve Mr. Stanton of his burden. 

I used the microwave to warm up the food and placed it about the dining room
table.  The men came in at my call.  Dinner went smoothly with the normal polite
chitchat. Afterwards they settled in at the recreation room wet bar, as I
cleared the table.  Placing the remaining food in the refrigerator, I gathered
up some snacks for them to have with their drinks.

Re-entering the room, I placed the bowls of nuts, pretzels and trail mix on the
bar.  "You must have been reading my mind, Sharon,' Mr. Thatcher beamed.  As he
spoke he put an elegant glass of wine in front of me.  'Thank you, for
everything, but now just relax.' He nodded to Mr. Stanton.  'This rascal and I
are just discussing the actual value of his products, to our newest endeavor.  I
keep telling him that rope is every bit as good as leather restraints and he
just refuses to see my point.'  Mr. Stanton laughed heartily, 'What your boss
refuses to accept, young lady, is that leather cuffs are much more convenient
and comfortable than rope.'

I sipped my wine as the argument flowed around me.  They had quickly gone beyond
Mr. Thatcher's weak ploy in saying that rope could replace leather restraints,
on our new line of products.  Now, they were into an intense discussion as to
which medium was more comfortable.  Mr. Thatcher claimed that he could bind a
woman securely, yet comfortably for an extended period of time using his special
'pre-washed' rope.  He further went onto say that his work would definitely be a
damn site more pleasant to look at then leather straps.  Mr. Stanton, chuckled
at the younger man, but not unkindly.  How 'pleasant' it looks is a totally
subjective qualification, he commented.  And though I am much more partial to
the look of a fine leather cuff or strap, I don't think that is the issue here. 
Comfort is the issue, and I say that my padded cuffs have it all over your
ropes.

'Why don't you just try it', I said quietly to myself.  They both turned to look
at me, so I nervously added, 'Mr. Harrison says that only someone who has tried
it for themselves can really understand how to use it... or I suppose how
comfortable it is.'  Mr. Stanton's head popped up, 'That's an excellent idea,
young lady.'  He looked at Mr. Thatcher and continued, 'We need an independent
third party to test our theories.'  Mr. Thatcher, snapped his fingers, 'Of
course that's a perfect idea.  But, its going to take until mid-week to get one
of the models up here.'  He frowned, then snapped his fingers again, 'I'll call
Ann and get her up here.  She'll have to get a sitter but she can probably be
here by mid-night.'  Arch laughed loudly.  'Without meaning any disrespect to
your lovely wife, I would hardly call her and independent third party.  No I
think were going to have to give up on our quest and simply agree to disagree.'

'What about me', I asked in a squeaky voice.  Part of me couldn't believe what I
was doing, but the other part of me wouldn't stop.  'Excuse me, my dear', Mr.
Thatcher replied quietly. I had their full attention now, so I blundered onward. 
'I am a temporary working for this company, just give me your word that you
won't fire me if I end up disagreeing with you and I'll be as independent as
your going to get.  I'm perfect for this assignment, being new to all of this I
don't have any pre-conceived notions, and....... During the two weeks I worked
for you, I have become very interested in bondage and I can't think of a better
place to start than with two experts such as yourselves.'  I blushed and shied
away from looking them in the faces, my earlier bravado flying with the wind. 
'That would be wonderful, Sharon', Mr. Thatcher said carefully.  'But if you are
sure that you want to do this it must be as a model, with all the rights that
entails.  Are you sure that you want to do this, my dear?'  I saw warmth and
concern when I met his eyes and whispered, 'Yes'. 

'All right then its just a matter of the two of us coming up with some rules on
how this contest will take place', he told me.  'Please, feel free to add your
own comments or concerns if any arise.'

'The same type of bondage, once using rope and the second time using leather
restraints and or straps?', Mr. Thatcher started.  'No, they must be different
bondage's.  We don't want the young lady matching our styles we want her to tell
us which is the most comfortable form of restraint', countered Mr. Stanton. 
'Agreed', said Mr. T.  'What's your preference', Mr. S. asked.  'Hog-tie
position.  My wife says I have the most devilish way of making a comfortable
bondage into a challenging one.  How about you?'  Mr. S. seemed thoughtful,
'Standing, feet on the floor arms overhead. I'll see your challenge and raise
you, she has to be wearing high heels during the suspension.'  I could see the
gleam in Mr. T's eyes, 'I'll call your heels and add breast bondage to my
position'. The two men stared at each other totally oblivious to my being there. 
"Done", cried Mr. S.

I laughed a little nervously, forcing them to remember that I was a part of this
little adventure.  "I'm not really sure that I understood everything you two
gentlemen were talking about', I began.  'But it sounded to me like you have two
separate 'bets' going.  The first, as we discussed, to see which medium is more
comfortable and the second...'  I paused to look into both of there eyes. 
Neither of them showed the least sign of malice.  It just seemed to me that men
will be boys and they had gotten a bit carried away with themselves.  'The
second part, is to see who can make their bondage situation the most...
challenging.'

Mr. Thatcher coughed a little and said, 'you are quite correct, my dear.  We had
forgotten to take your limitations into consideration.  Mr. Stanton and I will
tone down our enthusiasm and return to the main issue at hand.'  Smiling I shook
my head at the two older men, 'you missed my point, gentlemen.  I just wanted to
know what I needed to be the judge of during these two ordeals that you have
concocted for me.'  I paused, not meeting there eyes to add, 'I want to
experience a true bondage situation.  I assure you that your enthusiasm will
only make it better for all of us.'  I stopped for a moment not sure that I
could go on.  'Lucinda gave me the Beginner's Bondage Set and I have been
experimenting with it.  So if you wish to add accessories, a gag and or
blindfold, that's fine with me.'

'You are an extraordinary women, my dear', Mr. Thatcher replied warmly.  'Here
Here', Mr. Stanton concurred.  I blushed as Mr. T. continued, 'I need to get a
few things together and you my dear need to be wearing less clothing.  It is
important that you be able to feel the rope so that you can judge upon its
comfort.  So if you would be so kind as to put on something appropriate we can
start.'  I turned obediently to my room.  'No, no, my dear', Mr. S. said making
me stop in my tracks and turn around.  'If your looking for the whole 'bondage
experience' as you call it, you never leave until you are dismissed or told to
leave.  Also whenever you address one of your principles, you should address
them as Sir or Mam, depending on their sex.  Do you understand young lady.'  I
looked towards the floor, like a schoolgirl caught doing something naughty and
responded softly, 'Yes, sir'.  Mr. T. nodded his head and Mr. S. said, 'Very
good, you may go now.'

Once I had closed the door, I stripped naked in a flash.  I thought of walking
out in just my birthday suit, but I knew that that would just lessen my
pleasure.  I needed a sexy outfit.  The bustier was out as it covered my breasts
and while I didn't know what they had meant by breast bondage, I was sure it
meant that my breasts would need to be bared.  Searching through my belongings,
I found the perfect items.  A black and gold bra and panties set.  They were
from Victoria's Secret and therefore of exceptional quality.  I added a black
satin garter belt and black hose.  For my feet I added my favorite soft black
leather slippers.  They hadn't mentioned anything about heels in this scenario
and if I was going to be bound for any length of time I might as well be as
comfortable as possible.

Feeling sexy and wanting to strut my stuff, I opened the door and approached the
two men.  Mr. Thatcher's eyebrows rose a bit, but otherwise continued to regard
me normally.  Mr. Stanton on the other hand, jaw had dropped open.  'My God', he
said. 'She's a dead ringer for your wife.'  Mr. S. smiled at me and answered
responded, 'Yes, put a curly brunette wig on the young lady and she could
certainly pass for my wife.'  Then he spoke to me.  'My wife also has an amazing
body, but you are a shade taller I would say.  About five seven?', he asked. 
'Yes, sir', I replied saucily.  'And what would you have me do first, Sir'.

'Come closer, my dear', he said in a voice that held a tone of command.  I
walked to within three or four feet of the two of them.  'Remove your bra', Mr.
Thatcher's voice continued to be warm and friendly, but it definitely now was
one of command.  'Yes, sir', I responded automatically as I removed my breast
covering.  'Very, very good', he said eyeing my chest.  'Thirty-six B or C', he
questioned me.  'C is more comfortable, but I can squeeze into a B', I
responded.  Mr. Stanton glared at me and cleared his throat.  'Sir', I added
quickly, at once understanding his meaning.  He reached out and cupped one of my
breasts, not fondling it, just feeling it.  I flinched a little at first, but
quickly relaxed.  I was getting very excited by the entire situation and I was
sort of sad that he wasn't fondling me.  'It is wonderful, to be young', he
opined.  'Your breasts are exquisitely firm and just the proper side of large.' 
He paused, so I responded, 'Thank you, sir'.  I sighed a little as his hand left
me.  'Yes', he said talking to Mr. Stanton, 'I believe that I will start with
the breast bondage and then work on the main position afterwards.'  Mr. S.
nodded sagely, but did not say anything in reply.

'Turn around and  cross your wrists behind you, my dear', Mr. Thatcher
commanded.  Doing as instructed, I soon felt rope encircle my wrists.  In less
than a minute he was done.  I tested the bonds and found that there was a little
give to the rope, enough to ensure that they weren't cutting off my circulation
at least, but not enough to allow me any chance of freeing myself.  What was I
doing?  I was standing between two men, nearly naked, while they were setting
about to take away my freedom, bit by bit.  Shouldn't I want them to stop?  I
smiled to myself.  Yes, I guess that I should, but I don't!  'Turn around once
more, my dear', Mr. T. told me.  I turned and faced the two men.  Mr. T. was
folding a rope in half, so that it formed to equal sized pieces.  He slid the
rope around my waist and then threaded the twin taped ends through the eye
formed at the center of the bent rope.  Putting one hand on my stomach, he
tugged the rope tight, until it bit into my soft flesh.  'Spread your legs a
little wider, my dear', he requested.  I moved my slipper clad feet about
eighteen inches apart while responding, 'Yes, sir'.  He passed the rope between
my legs, so that the twin cords rested right up against my vagina.  He slid the
ends between my back and the tight waist rope, then pulling to tighten the cords
he tied them off behind my back.  Quite a bit of extra rope dangled between my
legs, but no explanation was given as to why.

'This is sometimes referred to as a rope chastity belt.  It is best applied
without your wearing panties,' Mr. Thatcher informed me.  'That information was
simply for your own edification, young lady and should in no way be taken as a
request.'  I nodded my head and replied, 'I understand, sir'.  The ropes were
not painful, even the one digging into my middle.  All I felt was a little
uncomfortable pressure. 

'Please sit down on one of the bar stools', he commanded waving vaguely in the
direction of the bar.  I walked over to the chairs, turning I backed up against
one.  Using my bound hands to make sure I would that I would find the center of
the stool, I shimmed my way up onto the high perch.  I rested my feet on the bar
between the stools legs and watched as Mr. Thatcher prepared what looked like a
small lasso.  'Lean forward, my dear', he said.  I knew what he was looking for,
so I thrust my chest forward.  Encircling my left tit with the cord, I noticed
that it was narrower than the rope he had used earlier.  He tightened the cord
around the base of my breast until he noticed me wince.  Using the same motions
I remember my father use when he hand tied his own fishing flies, he wrapped the
cord about my tit.  Five more perfect spirals formed about my breast.  Each as
tight as the first, they formed a tight rope cuff about the base and the first
half of my breast.  The result of this was that the top of my breast looked like
a balloon about to burst, as all of the flesh that could not fit within the
confines of the tight cord was pushed forward. 

'How does that feel, my dear', Mr. Thatcher asked as he stepped back to admire
his handy work.  Still looking down at my bloated breast, I replied in a tight
voice, 'It feels like your going to win the discomfort part of your bet, sir.' 
I took a deep breath and continued, 'But, don't let that stop you from
finishing.  I knew that there had to be a tougher part to this bondage stuff
than I had been playing with and this seems to be one example, sir.'  As he
began to work on my remaining breast, he spoke, 'That is correct, my dear.  I am
sure that when you have heard people discussing bondage they use anachronisms,
such as B&D.  This stands for bondage and discipline, what you are currently
experiencing is the discipline part.  We use this to increase the level of
sexual tension in our partners and sometimes to simply remind them who is the
master of the situation.  He completed his work on my second breast and now I
had two angry red balloons sprouting from my chest.

Mr. Stanton closely examined the work, shaking his head and whistling softly. 
'An absolute work of art, Michael.  Even to the fact that you have managed to
make each breast look exactly the same size as its twin.  I know how difficult
it is to do that and yet you made it look effortless.'  He made a half serious
half comical bow and added, 'You are a true master of the art, sir'.  Turning to
me he said, 'were that I was twenty years younger.  I would give all of those
young bucks vying for your attentions a run for their money'.  I blushed at his
gallantry, but I didn't want to tell him there weren't any 'young bucks vying
for my attentions' at the moment.

Mr. Thatcher again performed his rope-folding trick, but this time the rope was
much longer.  Threading the ends through the eye at the fold he formed a small
double cord circle.  He knelt down before me and commanded, 'Lift your feet up,
my dear'.  I did as instructed, but it wasn't easy.  I again had to use my bound
hands to balance me while I did so.  'Very good', Mr. T. said as I felt the rope
encircle my ankles.  'You may lower your feet back to their previous position'. 
I placed my slippers on the metal bar and leaned forward to watch my boss work. 
He circled my ankles once again with the twin ropes, then passed the rope
between my ankles circling the horizontal bindings.  This served to tighten the
initial coils, which now made neat white furrows in the sheer black stockings
that sheathed my legs.  I knew without even trying that it would be impossible
to escape these bonds.

This completed he began to wind the rope tightly about both legs, encircling
them in neat perfectly spaced spirals upward over my calves.  He stopped just
below the knee, where he again passed the rope between my legs to circle four of
the horizontal coils.  He stood up and retrieved another rope and prepared it in
the same manner.  Looking at his rope work, I marveled at its neatness.  Exactly
like on my breasts, the rope coils were so exactingly placed that they seemed to
form a single sleeve covering my lower legs.  Balancing myself, I lifted my legs
up for a better view, 'That's wonderful', I said in admiration to Mr. Thatcher. 
He looked at me and then at Mr. Stanton.

'You forgot to say, sir, my dear', Mr. Thatcher shook his head sadly.  'In a
normal bondage encounter you would be disciplined for that lapse.  Since you are
helping us settle an argument and new to this game, I feel some leniency is in
order.  Of course you must be punished in some way', he said off handily, as he
turned to Mr. Stanton. 'Do you have any suggestions?'  Mr. S. looked thoughtful,
'you were going to gag the young lady before you were finished, weren't you?' 
Mr. T. answered, 'Yes, of course'.  Mr. S. smiled, 'And do you have any
particularly unpleasant gags on the premises?'  Mr. T. also smiled, 'Yes, I do,
as a matter of fact.  A harness gag that my wife wore only once and has since
refused to use again.  The ball was to large for her.'  Mr. Thatcher was
reaching into one of the cardboard boxes he had brought into the room.  'An
excellent idea, Arch', he commended his friend.  'It will be uncomfortable
enough to be labeled as a punishment and at the same will keep the young lady
from making more gaffs.'

I figured that I wasn't going to get a say in this as Mr. Thatcher placed the
leather straps at the top of the harness over my head.  I opened my mouth with
out being asked and was rewarded by the hard rubber ball being pressed into the
opening.  Mr. T. placed one hand behind head and provided more and more pressure
until the huge red ball parted my teeth enough to lodge itself.  There was no
popping of the ball behind my teeth like with my more moderately sized ball gag,
it just went in a tad more and then stopped.  It only got worse as he fastened
all of the contraptions buckles, behind my head and neck and below my chin. 

There was no mirror to view myself in, but I could feel that my mouth was spread
too widely for my lips to encircle the ball.  In fact I would bet money that
most of what surrounded the ball was bright white teeth.  My jaw felt strained
beyond endurance.  I thought that maybe I would have preferred the normal
discipline to this so-called 'punishment'.  Even my aching breasts couldn't
compare to this new level of discomfort.  I didn't try to run from the pain, nor
make my principles stop.  Instead I embraced all off the feelings flowing
through me.  The soft caress of the ropes encircling my legs, the discomfort of
my bulging bosom and the sweet agony of my gag.  Even the flexing of my leather
slipper covered feet molding themselves to the steel bar that I was perched on,
was part of my musings.  I was helpless, bound and gagged before strong men. 
What could be more fulfilling than this?

I had no fantasies what so ever about being taken against my will, but I sure
wish there was a younger principle involved who would sate the growing hunger
between my legs.

Mr. Thatcher continued his work.  I wasn't entirely sure what he was trying to
accomplish, but if totally immobilizing me was his goal, he was succeeding
admirably.  The next bindings started just above my knees, with the same double
coil of twin ropes tightened by wrapping the line around the bindings.  It was
more difficult for him to pass the rope between my bound legs, but he expertly
wormed the cords through, twice, using his fingers to spread my soft flesh. 
'Scouch, forward on the stool as far as you can, my dear', he asked warmly.  I
realized that once that I had been 'punished' all malevolence towards me had
vanished.  Again balancing myself with my hands I slid my butt forward until
only about half of it was still on the leather seat.  He continued his wrapping
of the soft cords about my legs until he had entirely covered my black
stockings.  This left him only inches from the furnace between my legs.  As his
hands wormed the circling bindings between my legs, I couldn't help but groan.

My eyes popped open when Mr. T. asked, 'Are you all right, my dear'.  I blinked
for a minute and mumbled into my gag.  Realizing that wasn't going to work, I
nodded my head up and down.  Accepting my answer he completed his final knot.  I
bit hard on the ball, trying not to groan again as his fingers brushed up
against my panties.  I was so sensitive down there that I swear that I could
feel my short curly hairs pushed inward by his unintentional touch.  God, I hope
that I'm not as wet as I feel and his fingers come away damp from my juices!

I watched him carefully but he didn't seem in anyway put out, so I decided that
my fears were unjustified.  'You may sit back now, my dear', he told me.  Once I
had done this he turned the rotating seat of the stool ninety degrees to my
right.  Positioning himself behind me he began the same process on my arms. 
Starting a little ways below my shoulder blades and working downwards.  The
first binding pulled my arms uncomfortably towards each other, straining my back
muscles and forcing me to sit a little straighter.  As he coiled the rope about
my arms he was pulling them backwards, this made me bow my head forward.

Looking down at my legs, I again marveled at the perfection he had achieved in
my bindings.  My lower appendages appeared more like a mermaids tail than female
legs.  Only my knees and feet displayed my black stockings, every other inch of
them was covered with the soft white rope.

His ministrations behind my back had started to border on painful.  With each
wrapping of the cords he had brought my arms closer together, until I thought
that my elbows would touch each other.  The only reason that I think that they
didn't is because he performed one of his securing bindings just above the
elbow.  This one wasn't as rewarding as the last, as there were no erogenous
zones in the area and it pulled my arms more tightly together.  My shoulder's
ached from the strain, but it was bearable all the same.

Finishing the inverted rope pyramid that covered my arms, he turned to Mr.
Stanton, 'what do you think, old friend, ...the card table?'  I am not a fan of
rodeo watching, so I had no idea what a 'hog-tie' was and didn't understand why
they wanted to place me on a table.  'It's more comfortable than the floor, ' he
responded.  Mr. Thatcher scooped me off the stool and carried me over to
leather-covered table in the corner.  As he lowered me onto the surface, I felt
the padding beneath me give to my weight.  I don't know if he could notice my
surprised look around the harness gag, but regardless he explained, 'Specially
built, my dear.  The leather cover is supported by three inches of foam padding. 
Below the table are sixteen handles, two to each of the octagonal sides, which
can be used for rope, or...', he nodded to Mr. S., 'for leather straps.  You
might remember pictures of it from our slide presentation.'  I looked up at him,
as best as I could.  'This was the prototype for that kit.'

'Now to finish off your confinement, I will be rolling you over onto your
stomach', he informed me.  I was on my side at the time, so it only took a
little pushing to tip me over.  'Oooopppphhh', I groaned loudly as the wind was
knocked out of me.  Despite the padding the weight of my upper body mashed my
already near to bursting breasts, into the tabletop.  It was like being pressed
into a vice and I had to struggle to contain my rasping breathing.

No one jumped to help me, in fact the two men simply looked on as I stopped my
senseless side-to-side shifting and my breathing calmed down.  The excruciating
pressure in my breasts finally became barely bearable.  'If you remember, my
dear', Mr. Thatcher began, 'this is the discomforting addition to my bondage
scenario, that you will be grading me upon.'  If I had been able to talk, I
would have told him that he had gotten an A plus, with extra credit to boot!

'Are you ready and able to continue, my dear', he asked with true concern in his
voice.  I shook my head doggedly in the affirmative.  Using both hands he lifted
my legs from the ankles off of the table.   Reaching a ninety-degree angle he
stopped.  Holding my legs now with only one hand, he used the other to pull some
of the loose rope from behind my back.  As I felt my waist rope shift and felt
the rope between my legs loosen, I knew where he was but not what he was doing. 
I quickly found out the use of that so-called chastity rope belt.

Forcing my legs downward, until they were almost touching my buttocks, he slid
the rope between my ankles.  Wrapping it once around those bindings, he then
used the remainder of the rope to attach my ankles to my wrists.  I guess there
wasn't much rope left because he pulled my wrists so close to my ankles that it
made my body bow from the tension.  As his hands left my tightly bound body, I
tried to relax.

My ankles in effect tried to spring back to a more comfortable position. 
'Aaaarrrrgggghhhh', I groaned loudly. The movement of my ankles away form my
butt, pulled the rope between my legs taught as a bowstring.  Not only did the
ropes bite into the tender flesh of my lower mouth, but also the ropes somehow
got one of my cunt lips in between them!  It felt like someone had put a steel
clamp on that sensitive part of my anatomy. I stopped all movement and tried to
imitate a statue. 

'Oh no', said Mr. Thatcher in concern, 'I can just imagine what happened.  I
really should have warned you about that possibility.'  Rolling me on my side
again, he continued, 'Let me see if I can fix this'.  Mr. Stanton seemed to know
what he intended, moving behind me to help keep my ankles close to my ass.  Mr.
T.  worked on the ropes between my legs, even with all of the other pains that
were passing through my body, his touch sent shivers through my body.  'There we
go, I will just move the ropes to each side of your, ummm... vagina, and that
should alleviate the pressure.'

Mr. Stanton pushed me back up onto my stomach.  'An incredible piece of work',
he said, 'Pure artistry'.  Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Mr. Thatcher,
wiping his hands on a handkerchief.  Great, I sighed to myself, now he knows for
sure that I am hotter than a bitch in heat.  This embarrassing thought made me
forget all of my other discomforts. 

The two men talked about me clinically, like doctors.  Talking about my fine
lines and how the rope just melds into my milky white skin.  They talked about
how the rope between my legs, would keep me from moving very much.  Very much, I
thought to myself, how about not at all!  They even commented upon my insightful
choice of outfits and the sexy yet comfortable slippers I had selected.  Truly,
the young woman has serious potential they concluded.  I wasn't sure what they
meant by that comment, but I preened at it nonetheless.

My ears perked up as Mr. T. said to Mr. S., 'How long should we leave the young
lady bound for?'  Mr. S. was quiet for a moment than replied, 'its ten now, how
about until midnight'.  I couldn't help myself, 'Whaaaattt', I blurted into the
huge red ball.  Even to my ears it came out sounding more like 'Uuuuupppp'.  Mr.
T. said, ' No, my dear, I don't think we need to 'up' the time limit.  Two hours
should be sufficient.'

With that the two men moved back the bar and turned on the large screen TV, to a
football game.  In the position I was in it was very difficult for me to turn my
head to look over at them.  I stole glances once in awhile but that was all I
could manage.  Mostly I just looked at the brown leather table top in front of
me.

My body was still bowed, and despite Mr. Thatcher's help with the ropes between
my legs, I had to keep as still as possible.  As my legs became more tired more
pressure was placed on those damning cords.  I tried to pull at my ankles, with
whatever arm strength that I had remaining but this only made it worse.  My poor
cunny was now being squished between the two ropes.  Besides this, my aching
shoulder blades and the God-awful gag I was anything but comfortable.  Laughing
to myself, I realized that I couldn't imagine my employer losing the discomfort
part of the bet.  A hog-tied mummy with its mouth propped open with a huge ruby,
is how I imagined myself.  I had wanted a true bondage experience and I had
certainly gotten my wish.

From time to time they walked over and checked on me.  Asking me if I was OK and
reviewing some of my bindings.  I loved it when one or the other would run their
hand over some of the ropes.  I needed to be touched, badly.  The best, though,
was when I was rolled onto my side so Mr. Thatcher could make sure that my
breasts weren't damaged.  He tickled the nipples of both  tits with the tips of
his fingers until they sprang to attention.  'Perfect', was all that he said. 
So as the rolled me back onto my stomach I surmised that the rise they had
gotten out of my nipples meant that my breast were still functioning properly.

The football game finally ended and the news came on.  Shortly after that the
two men were back, undoing my bindings.  I couldn't believe that it was over. 
At first I didn't think that I could possibly survive two hours, but now that it
was over I was unsure as to where the time had gone.  After the initial pains
had subsided, I found that I was left with sort of a nagging discomfort.  The
rope between my legs had only become an irritant rather than a torturous device. 
I must admit that when the gentlemen weren't looking my way I even jerked my
feet a few times to use the ropes as a stimulant for my fireful cunny.   Even my
bound breasts got used to the devilish treatment.  Only the damn huge ball gag
never became bearable.

Fortunately, the gag was removed first.  Working my jaw muscles to release the
ache, I started to say, 'That was....' I never got to the next word.  'No, no,
my dear', Mr. Stanton said, 'don't say anything now until you have tomorrow's
experience to measure it against.'  I thought about it and replied, 'All right,
sir.'  The cords binding my breast almost popped off when their knots were
released. 'Ohhhhhhh', I sighed in relief.  The rest of my ropes came of quickly. 

I was helped into a standing position by the table and was surprised to see that
I needed the help.  It took a few minutes for the blood to start flowing
normally throughout my body.  My legs tingled from thighs to ankles.  I was
handed my bra, but shook my head no.  'You've already seen them, sir, and right
now I'd just like to leave them unconfined.'  I did a few minutes of aerobic
warm up exercises to loosen up my tight muscles.




Leather & Lace
Chapter 4 - The Wager; Part II
By the White Knight

 'Thank you very much, my dear', Mr. Thatcher said as he watched me bend and
stretch. 'You have been a marvelous help this evening and I wish you a wonderful
nights sleep.'  He was obviously giving me permission to leave.  'No, thank you
very much, sirs', I began, 'It has been an honor to receive my first full
bondage experience at the hands of two such distinguished gentlemen.  But, I
have a favor to ask you, sirs.  Actually a rather large favor...' I trailed off
trying to gather my courage to make my request.  Looking up I noticed that Mr.
Thatcher had lost his clinical look and was turning a bit white.  Mr. Stanton
looked equally uncomfortable. 

'Ahhh, my dear', Mr. Thatcher said before I could continue, 'I am a married man
and there are certain limitations that, that imposes upon me....'  Now I
realized what they were so worried about, trying not to smile, I said, 'Oh no,
that's not what I am referring to, sir.  I've seen the pictures of your wife and
children, I'm not trying to cause you any trouble.  It's just...'  I really had
their interest now, but it was tough to get the words out.  I had thought about
them during my entire captivity, but now found it difficult to utter them. 
Finally I blurted, 'I would like you to tie me to my bed  for the evening and
then unbind me in the morning....sir'.

The men both smiled.  'Extraordinary', Mr. Stanton said. 'My dear young lady we
salute you and would be happy to accommodate your wish.'  Mr. Thatcher looked at
me warmly and asked, 'Are there any special instructions that you would like to
give us concerning your over nights restraint?'  I nodded my head, and said,
'Yes.  I would like to have my wrists and ankles bound to the corners of the
bed, and to be gagged and blindfolded.  I would appreciate if you could find a
gag that is more comfortable than the one we used earlier though, sir.'

'Not a problem, my dear', he answered.  'And you no longer have to refer to us
as sir, your bondage session is over'.  I smiled past my fears of telling my
true feelings, 'Actually I wouldn't really feel comfortable calling you by your
given names and I kind of like it.., sir.'

He nodded sagely, 'that's fine young lady.  I am sure that you want to freshen
up, a little so just call us when you are ready.'

As I left for my bedroom, I overhead Mr. Stanton, say something about 'my boy...
' and 'what a truly extraordinary women...' I didn't know what these things
meant, but I had other plans in mind so I let it slide.   Stripping out of my
few pieces of clothing, I utilized the bathroom to take a quick sponge bath. 
From the back of the closet I removed my multi pack stimulator from the suitcase
I had secreted it in.  Five minutes and I had the dildos strapped securely into
me.  From the draw I had assigned to nightclothes, I pulled out a set of pink
silk pajamas.  First the top went on.   It was loose and roomy,  resembling a
man's work shirt with a wide lapel.  The elastic waistband of the bottoms,
rested on top of the leather belt about my waist.  I looked at myself in the
full-length mirror on the door and decided that the dildos and straps couldn't
be seen.  The cords running over my butt showed a little, but I knew how to
handle that.  I slid into a pair of pink nylon Isotoner slippers and opened the
door. 

'Gentlemen', I called, 'I could use your assistance now'.  I raced back to the
bed and pulled off the quilt.  I laid down, spreading my extremities towards
each of the posts in preparation.  I didn't have to wait long.  I could tell as
they walked in that there was some type of tension between them.  Mr. Thatcher
carried rope in his hands and Mr. Stanton was burdened with an assortment of
leather straps and cuffs.

They both started to talk at once.  Mr. T. excused himself and said something
like guests first.  'My dear', Mr. Stanton began, 'you didn't specify what type
of restraints that you would like to be used in binding your lovely form to your
bed.  I have tried to explain to Mr. Thatcher, that after all of you time that
you spent in rope tonight, that you probably would like a change of pace'.  He
held forth his goodies.  'However, Mr......'

I cut him off quickly and raised myself onto my elbows.  'Gentlemen, I apologize
for not being more specific in my request.  And I am truly sorry if I have
caused any rift between two such wonderful friends.'  I paused thinking how best
to frame my next words. 'What I would like for tonight is to be bound with
rope...'  Mr. Thatcher beamed and Mr. Stanton looked grim.  I hurried on with my
explanation, 'sort of a continuation of our earlier contest.  Then tomorrow
night, I would very much like to sample your wares Mr. Stanton.  I think this
will give me a much better appreciation of both of your conflicting claims, so
that I can make a truly informed decision.'  Both men were now smiling, so  I
smiled also.  Lying back down, I spread my arms towards the opposite posts. 
'Whenever you are ready, gentlemen?' I said with a slight questioning tone to my
voice.

Mr. Stanton put his leather goods down on a chair and waited for Mr. Thatcher to
do the honors.  We were both surprised, when Mr. T. handed him two of the ropes
and said, 'They say many hands make light work, would you mind helping me
fulfill this beautiful young lady's request?'  Mr. Stanton laughed a little,
which relieved any of the existing tension in the room and agreed readily.  As
the two men worked, Mr. Stanton asked, 'So you like the spread eagle position,
my dear?'  I blushed a little and replied, 'If you mean tied to the corners of
the bed, yes.  It's the only position I have been able to achieve by myself with
my nylon restraints'.  He looked into my eyes, 'by yourself, my dear?  Why don't
you get your boy friend or... lover to help you.'  They had finished their work. 
I was now bound tightly, but not uncomfortably to the bed.  There I was in my
silk PJ's talking to two men as if we were sitting at the kitchen table.  I
laughed at the sheer incongruity of the situation.  'If you mean to ask, if I am
gay', I replied, 'the answer is a definitive NO!  And as for my boyfriend I
kicked him out over a month ago.  Besides I don't think he would have cared for
this new passion I have developed.  He was rather a stuffy sort, not  very
inventive, which is part of the reason he's history.'

I had said more than I had wanted to, but it had just sort of spilled out. 
'That's really very sad young lady', said Mr. Stanton with real concern in his
voice.  'At such a time in your life, when you are delving into a whole new
realm of excitement, it is a terrible thing not to have someone to share it
with.'  He shook his head sadly.  'Maybe Mr. Thatcher and I can come up with
someone, whom you might like.'  He didn't give me a chance to contradict him, as
he finished with, 'Yes, I think we owe it to you to at least try.'  How do you
argue with that, I thought.

'Time to go to sleep, young lady', Mr. Thatcher said changing the subject.  He
was holding a gag that looked like a scarf with a ball in the center.  I opened
my mouth and the bulge in the scarf slid in easily.  As he bound it behind my
head he explained that it was a favorite of his wife's and that it had a beanbag
in the center.  It was a mouthful, but Ann was right, it was much more
comfortable than a ball gag.  Mr. Stanton placed a white satin sleep mask over
my eyes and slid the strap into place behind my head.  He then did the nicest
thing that anyone had done to me in a long time.  He kissed me on the fore head
and whispered, 'Sweet dreams'.  Then I felt the comforter being draped over my
bound form.  After a few moments, I heard a light switch click and the door
close.  Despite the aching of most of the muscles in my body, I luxuriated in
the feel of the soft ropes and swiftly fell into a deep sleep.

'Sharon, Sharon, wake up',  someone was calling.  Slowly, my senses returned.  I
am not what you would call a morning person.  As my eyes cracked open, I
realized that I could see.  Obviously the blindfold had been removed.  The gag
was also gone and I could see and feel them working on my wrist and ankle
bindings.  No, Dorothy, I said to myself, it wasn't a dream.  No reason to be
embarrassed, just relax, I told myself.  They gallantly had left the comforter
to cover me as they removed my restraints. 

I smelled the coffee before I saw it.  Mr. Stanton nodded towards the drink and
said, 'Thought you might like a little pick me up while you get ready.  You had
a long night last night.  I hope that you slept well.'  I smiled the best smile
I could muster upon waking and responded, 'Thank you for asking and yes, I slept
very well.'  Both men moved to the door.  'We will leave you alone then.' 

When they left I jumped out of bed... and felt every muscle in my body ache.  I
couldn't go through the day like this.  Stripping the dildos out of me and
washing them off, I hid them away.  I carefully folded and put away my silk
pajamas, then found the widest open area in the room.  Naked, I ran through a
fifteen-minute aerobic workout, concentrating on bending, stretching and other
muscle relaxing exercises.  I felt better as the hot water of the shower
cascaded over my body.  It stung a little when it hit my breasts, so I turned my
back to the spray, figuring they might be a tad sensitive for a while.  The
pulsating water did wonders to relieve the tightness in my shoulder blades. 
Performing my normal routine of getting ready for work, I dressed quickly and
headed for the kitchen.

The men were talking business, and except for a brief exchange of good mornings,
they basically left me to myself.  As we drove to Mr. Stanton's office and we
chatted about the countryside, the weather and his company.  Mr. Stanton also
asked me questions about myself, where I had gone to school, about my previous
employers and such.  He seemed surprised to hear that I had gone to very
expensive all girl college and that I had previously worked for a prestigious
law firm. 

I explained that my parents were quite well off, so their 'little girl' had to
go to all of the proper schools, but that school and I never really got along. I
didn't have the aspirations of many of my peers towards climbing the corporate
ladder or marrying someone just to fit into a certain social class.  The law
firm I began working for just sort of fell into my lap, when I was graduating. 
At one of my parent's parties, I was introduced to a very nice 'eligible' man. 
Dave and I didn't have much in common, so he talked about his work.  After
telling him that I had taken a few law classes, but really had no idea what I
want to do for a career, he came up with an interesting suggestion.  Work as a
legal secretary.  If you find that you like the law you can go back to school
for your degree.  To me it was a way out of my parent's home, to my father it
was a wonderful idea. Within a week, I was working at the Dave's firm.

I found the law part of the work dreary, but the administrative end of managing
two to four lawyers' schedules was like manna from heaven to me.  I loved being
in the 'know' on all the major going's on in the office.  Being part of the
team, you might call it.  My favorite part was knowing that I could make that
onerous task look easy.  No I wasn't one of 'them', but they respected me
none-the-less. 

I paused in my recollections and Mr. Stanton asked, 'But why did you leave, it
sounds like you had a good thing going there?' 

As I was slowly assimilated into there culture, I began to think that maybe my
parents and peers weren't all wrong.  So, I started to date Dave.  It was never
what I would call a big romance, but we seemed to have fun at all of the social
events.  We started living together shortly afterwards.  If I had done this with
someone other than Dave my father probably would have disinherited me.  So, life
went on and on ...and on.  After the newness of it all had worn off, I started
to realize that this was not what I wanted.  If we weren't out, he was glued to
the Television set.  To make matters worse, CNN or sports were all he cared to
watch.  Even when we started talking about it, it just didn't get any better.

After almost a year of this, I woke up one morning and decided enough was
enough.  He seemed to be shocked when I asked him to leave.  It was a pretty
ugly scene and I just wanted to get away from everything that reminded me of it. 
I resigned from the firm that morning, agreeing only to stay on long enough for
them to find my replacement.  Mom refused to let Daddy cut my allowance off, so
I was able to continue paying my rent.  Needing to pay the rest of my expenses I
went to work at a temp. agency.  Looking over at Mr. Thatcher I added, 'that is
what brought me to Leather & Lace, and I am glad that it did.  I really would
like to thank you and all of the people at the company for making me feel so at
home.  Even in such a short time, I feel like I am part of the team and I have
enjoyed the experience quite a bit.'  I wasn't trying to lay on the soft soap,
what I was saying was true.

Mr. Thatcher looked at me and said in that warm way of his, 'you are a part of
the team, my dear, you have proved it since the first day of your employment. 
Now, that you have joined us its evident that you are 'assimilating' yourself
into our culture.  After this trip we will have to have a discussion about more
permanent employment within our company.'  I liked the way he emphasized our
company, but my mind also keyed in on the 'assimilating' myself into their
culture.  He was correct, that is exactly what was happening to me.  But, where
the law firm was boring and stodgy, this company was exciting and vibrant.

The workday seemed to take a long time to get through.  I ran the computerized
screen show at a meeting of over twenty people.  Then it was take notes and make
myself useful.  At four o'clock Mr. Thatcher sent me back to the house to
supervise the caterers.  We were throwing a dinner party, for all of the senior
people of Mr. Stanton's company. 

The caters arrived on time and everything went smoothly.  I felt comfortable
enough by five-thirty to leave the manager alone and adjourned to my room.  I
didn't have a lot of time so I limited my activities, to my aerobic workout,
showering and dressing.  I was still incredibly horny from the night before and
wished I had time for a little release, but duty beckoned.

Mr. Thatcher and Mr. Stanton, had spoken of the planned event, and had said that
they would be wearing Tuxes.  I was deemed the hostess for the party so I chose
to wear one of the gowns that I had brought with me.   The plush black velvet
dress, was backless with a halter-top.  The collar that I buttoned behind my
neck was gold, as was trim that was used to accentuate the gowns lines.  The
bright trim lined both sides of my halter top, the V of which did not close
until it reached, the matching gold belt.  This was done very discreetly,
however, so that there was plenty of material to totally surround both of my
breasts and showed almost no cleavage.  The cut of the halter was so ingenious
that it made my breasts look like two separate black peaks. 

The dress itself was tight around my tush and thighs then flowed straight to the
floor.  There was a little flaring at the bottom, but it really wasn't needed. 
It wasn't needed because of the gold line that ran down the right side of the
dress.  It was really two sets of lines of gold trim that overlapped.  What the
trim was highlighting was a slit that ran from floor to thigh.  If I wanted to
show off a little leg all I had to do was shift myself appropriately, but
otherwise they would be fully covered.  I wore the black satin garter belt and
sheer black hose.  The matching shoes were a sexy pair of suede 'T' strap pumps,
sporting a three plus inch heel.  I finished off my ensemble with gold earrings
and a thick gold bracelet.  I wore my hair up, in a Jane Seymore style, leaving
just a few curls to dangle next to my ears.

The evening went off splendidly.  Mr. T. and Mr. S. were in rare form, making
all of the others feel comfortable.  Champagne and wine flowed freely and a good
time was had by all.  I had many pleasant conversations, but most of the people
attending our small banquet were married so everything was kept pretty tame. 
Only one of the men got a little out of line and a stern word of warning from
Mr. Stanton stopped him in his tracks. 

As the party broke up, I ushered people to the door where there were hired cars
to take everyone home.  Mr. T. had made it clear to me, 'that no one was going
to drive away from his party with too much drink in them', so I had set up this
alternative.  By the time the caterers and cleaning people left it was nearly
eleven.  Mr. Thatcher said to me, 'It's rather late, my dear.  Are you still
game to continue our contest?'  I nodded and smiled at Mr. Stanton before
replying, 'Actually I am looking forward to it, sir.'  Mr. T. smiled also and
then said, 'Wonderful.  When you are ready meet Mr. Stanton and I in the
basement.'

Going to my room I checked my make up and added a few splashes of perfume. 
Touching up my hair, I smiled at my reflection and left for the basement.

The room was similar to the recreation room above, with the exception that it
included a pool table and a large wooden frame near the far wall.  They were
congregated next to this frame and looked surprised to see me so quickly. 
'Weren't you going to change, my dear?' questioned Mr. T.  'Unless its a problem
for you, sirs', I began.  'I would like to wear this outfit during the remainder
of the contest.'  As I spoke I crossed my wrists above my head and spread my
legs about two feet apart, showing off my black stockings to just above the
knee.  They still looked skeptical so using one hand I parted the slit up to my
thigh.  Then I pointed at my shoes and said with a smile, 'I have come prepared,
high heels and all, sirs.' 

Both men laughed.  'You are truly amazing young lady', Mr. Stanton began.  'Your
dress is just fine, but your shoes... well, let me just say that they aren't
high heels.'  I started to argue, but a wave of his hand cut me off.  He walked
over to me and handed me a box, making motions with his hands that I should open
it.  Setting it down on the pool table, I did so.  Once I pushed the white
tissue paper aside I was greeted to a marvelous site.  Black patent leather
pumps, with a narrow pointy toe, all resting on a six-inch spike heel.  The tip
of the toe and half of the spike heel where covered by gold plate.  They were
exquisite.  I lifted one from its cocoon of tissue paper and ran my fingers over
the steeply arched sole of the pump.  The patent leather gleamed like a shinny
mirror.  Mr. Stanton said, 'One of my subsidiaries makes most of the shoes that
you see in your catalog.  I took the liberty of checking your shoe size while we
were in your bedroom last night, for just this purpose.'  He paused and then
added, 'Do you like them?'

I gave him a hug, and a kiss on the cheek, 'There beautiful.  No they are better
than that, they're exquisite!'  I felt like a kid at receiving a birthday
present and it showed.  'But, how did you know that I would be wearing black and
gold tonight?'  He nodded his head towards the table next to the frame, on which
were three other boxes.  'These were my first choice', he explained.  'Not only
because they are lovely, but also because I thought you would wear the same bra
and panty outfit as last night.  However, I do know who women like to change
their minds so I came prepared.  Those boxes contain similar pairs of heels in
red, white and plain black.'  I looked at the table in awe.  'They are all
yours, my dear', he finished.  I gave him another hug and said, 'I'm sure that I
will love them all, but I must confess that I don't think that I will be able to
walk in them.'

'Highly understandable, young lady', he answered, causing me to sigh in relief. 
'Walking in heels like this takes quite a bit of practice.  But, we wouldn't be
asking you to walk in them, only stand in them!'  I looked at the sky high heel
dubiously and Mr. Stanton continued, 'Shall we begin?'

Taking the shoes from me, he escorted me over to the frame.  The room had a
normal eight-foot high ceiling, which the top of the frame almost reached.  It
was made of heavy varnished wood that sprouted steel cables from the four
corners and the four points of the compass.  'Is this another one of your kits,
sir?' I asked Mr. Thatcher.  'The deluxe version, not in the catalog yet', he
replied with a smile.

Unlike last night, tonight's bindings went fairly quickly.  I was asked to hold
out my wrists and padded leather manacles were buckled into place.  They were
fastened very tightly, but the foam rubber padding made them very comfortable. 
The cuffs were just like I imagined them from the picture that I had seen in the
catalog.  Thick black leather with chrome D rings and buckles.  Mr. Stanton
reached above me and pulled upon the cable above my head.  It came down with the
whining sound of machinery.  Using the snap clasp he attached both of my wrists
to the end of the cable.  He nodded to Mr. Thatcher and I heard the ratcheting
sound of a winch.  I watched as my hands went from waist level, to chest level,
then eye level and finally over my head.  Mr. Stanton nodded again and the cable
stopped its upward progress.  My arms were above my head, but not uncomfortably
so; I waited for what was to come.

Mr. Stanton knelt down in front of me and attached similar cuffs to my ankles. 
The black cuffs were so tight that they seemed to meld into my legs and become
part of my black nylons.  He then undid the clasps on my shoes and removed them.  
My arms had not been tight before, but now without my high heels I was left
standing on tiptoe so as not to be left hanging entirely by my wrists.  Before
this could become uncomfortable, he placed the new heels beside my feet.  I
lifted my right foot and used my stocking clad toes to feel there way into the
pump.  I found the heel and slid inward down the steeply arched sole until my
toes were tightly ensconced into the narrow leather confines.  Doing the same
with my left foot released all of the strain on my arms, but now I had to worry
about balancing in the six-inch heels.

I swayed and shifted my feet from side to side, trying to get used to new shoes. 
My ankles had to work hard to keep my feet from shifting in the high spikes. 
This made me reminiscent of my first attempts to wear high heels as a young
girl.  Putting on those two-inch pumps for the first time and practicing in them
for hours, so that I could walk without stumbling.  Then being so proud and at
the same time self conscious as I walked down the center aisle at church to
communion.  I wondered if all of the boys were looking at my feet and thinking
that I must be 'hot stuff' because I was wearing heels.  As I began to get the
feel for my new shoes, I realized that if I wore these in public that all of the
'boys' would definitely think I was 'hot stuff'.
 
Mr. S. had left for a minute and now returned with a metal bar.  The bar was
able to contact and expand as desired.  He looked over to Mr. T. and who said,
'Two feet should be enough.  She is new to this and I doubt that she could take
the usual three or more feet'.  I had no idea what they were talking about,
until looking more closely at the bar I saw that it had eyelets at each end. 
This must be a spreader bar, I now understood and they must be talking about how
far that they are going to spread my ankles.  I looked down at my feet, which
were comfortably set about eight or ten inches apart.  Two feet? Three feet or
more?  What in these heels?  They must be crazy, I thought.

'A shade under three, I think', answered Mr. S.  'Two and nine, lets call it. 
Remember this is the stressful part of my bondage scenario.  I am sure that you
made a lasting impression on the young lady with your breast bondage last night. 
If I am going to be able to overcome that I will have to push this enchanting
woman to her limits.'  This was another decision that I wasn't going to get any
input into, of that I was sure. 

It is at first difficult to think of yourself in such a submissive role, but it
is freeing in other ways.  You get a certain sense of freedom, in letting
someone else control your actions.  In this case if I had been asked I was sure
that I would have opted for a smaller spread, but another part of me would
always have wondered what the larger would have felt like.  In this way the two
gentlemen had made the decision for me and I would reap both the trials and the
tribulations of the affair, without being mad at myself for choosing the more or
less difficult path.

Mr. S. knelt again and commanded me to spread my ankles.  I did as requested,
trying to achieve the required distance.  The strain on my ankles and the
pressure of my toes pushing into the pointy toes of my shoes magnified as I
spread my legs.  Mr. S. attached the spreader bar to one ankle then had me
spread a little further and attached the other ankle.  This made for a very
unstable platform on which to stand.  I found that I was using my hands to hold
to the cable above my head to make it easier to balance myself.  Actually my
hands were wrapped around a six-inch length of rubber hose that encircled the
steel cable.  I had not understood the necessity of this little addition prior
to this point, but now I was very happy to take advantage of it.  Holding on to
a steel cable with my bare hands, would not have been possible for very long.  I
needed this help in order to remain standing in my pumps.  I soon wanted out of
the painful heels, but I realized that was the 'trial' part of this bondage
situation.  If I did that, or fell out of my heels, I would just have to get
right back into them and start all over again.

I looked down again and saw Mr. S. attaching the cables coming from the bottom
corners of the frame to a second set of D rings on my ankle cuffs.  When he had
both the left and right leg clasps in place, I heard that distinctive ratcheting
sound of the winch.  Both ankle cables were pulled at the same time.  They went
slowly enough that I was able to slide the toes and heels of my shoes sideways
into the new position, without 'falling out of them'.  When the winches were
stopped, the cables were tautly strung to there respective corners.  Looking
down at the uncomfortable set up, I saw the left cable attached to the outside
D-ring on my leather ankle cuff.  The inside D-ring was clasped to the spreader
bar.  The bar ran its nearly three feet between my widely spread legs and then
terminated in another chain link attached to the inside D-ring on my right ankle
restraint.  The outside ring was pulled tightly to the corner by its attached
cable.  Very effective immobilization, I thought to myself.

Mr. T. stood and buckled a leather belt about my waist.  It was studded with
D-rings around its entire length.  He used two of these D-rings to attach the
cables from the East and West points of the frame to my sides.  Again the
ratcheting commenced and did not stop, until the belt was pulled tightly enough
that is was squeezing my stomach.  Just when I thought they were done, I heard
the winch start again and my arms were raised upwards.  The cable pulled my arms
till they were taut, but not high enough to take any of my weight off of my
high-heeled perch.

The final ingredients to my bondage were a gag and blind fold.  'My dear, pardon
me for this gag', Mr. Stanton began, 'but Mr. Thatcher and I have decided that
we had to make your gag at least partially as uncomfortable as last nights.  If
we did not do this he would have an undue advantage in the scoring.'  He held up
the gag for me to see.  It was a penis gag.  The rubber phallus was thick and
about four inches long.  Yes, I could imagine that this would be as
uncomfortable as last nights.  'I can see you point, sirs', I sighed in
response, 'we couldn't let any unfairness creep into my decision, now could we?' 
Smiling I opened my mouth to except the rubber cock.

I generally like to try new things.  While I had never used this type of gag
before I had blown a number of men before, so I wasn't anticipating any
problems.  It always amazed what a man would do to get a good blowjob.  He would
stand on his head and whistle Dixie, if he knew that that would be his reward. 
I could make Dave do anything I wanted for an entire evening, by just whispering
in his ear what was waiting for him at the end of the night.  For myself, I took
it as a personal challenge to see how much of my lovers manhood that I could get
into my mouth and down my throat.  I had even learned to drink his cum, simply
because of how crazy it made him.  Ahhh, if only I could have made him more
interesting.  Or if only he had taken more control, and behaved like a man....

I could tell that the two gentlemen before me would not have been as easily
manipulated.  In fact at the moment the shoe was on the other foot.  The penis
slid easily between my lips, despite its unusual width.  It was only as the
final few centimeters went in that I could feel it press up against the roof of
my mouth and back of my throat. I had to fight off my gag reflex as it was
pressed home.  Unlike a real penis this one did not bend quite as easily and
felt like a fully erect cock from the moment it went in. Usually I have time to
work up to that feeling and get used to it, but now wam bam thank you mam.  The
leather straps were buckled behind my head and I was left with my mouth
stretched widely open and my throat stuffed with a circumcised rubber head.

The blindfold would have been anticlimactic if they hadn't started one of the
stupid devices you use when you're learning to play music.  The metronome gave
off that loud tick tick sound that you couldn't block out, making you aware of
every second that passed and making every minute seem twice as long.  I wasn't
sure which one of their ideas this was, whomever it was fiendishly clever.

Two hours started to look like an eternity.  Even my dress, which I had picked
to wear for the eroticism of being bound in it, was becoming uncomfortable. 
Spreading my legs so much had caused it to be pulled taut against my left leg
and when that wasn't enough it began to bunch up beneath my rear end.  Not that
it was exactly painful just one more nuisance. 

The cuffs held my wrists as comfortably as possible, but I was still putting a
lot of weight against them at the tops, which were digging into the back of my
hands.  The penis gag made breathing through my nose necessary, and generally
just was a pain in the neck.  The pumps though were truly the punishment item
they were intended to be.  Even after learning the trick of moving my heels more
towards the center and my toes towards their respective corners, they were still
downright uncomfortable.  Painful is probably a more appropriate term, but I had
a hard time using it in my mind, as I was the one initiating it. 

Human feet are simply not made to have their heels held six inches in the air. 
This forces much of the weight of your body down the steep incline of the shoes
sole and into the tight confines of their pointed toes.  Usually your weight is
spread out evenly over your entire foot, say if you are wearing sneakers.   With
heels though the amount of surface area that your weight is spread upon is what
is left of the sole that touches the ground.  That is to say basically the area
about your toes.  To make matters worse, as the height of the heel increases
more of the sole is need to create the arch from toe to heel.  Consequently less
of the sole is available as surface area against which your weight can find
purchase.

Yes, I had much too much time to think while being bound like this.  Suffice it
to say, that my toes were being squeezed into my mile high pumps and if it
hadn't been for the gag I would have been begging for their removal after the
first fifteen minutes.   I don't think that I would have had a problem handling
the pumps, if my legs weren't spread so far apart and if I could move them a
bit.  But, there was no relief to be found for my pain peds in this position.

In honesty I could get out of this if necessary.  They had given me a ball to
hold in one hand and I was to drop it if the situation became too intense for
me.  I refused to do so.  Instead, I worked on soaking up all of the feelings
passing through me.  The painful ones as well as the few pleasurable ones.  Yes,
despite my painstaking position, I was still sexually excited.  In fact I had
been dying for some sexual release for almost two days now.  The new bondage
position continued to warm my aching loins.  This in itself had both pleasure
and pain associated with it.  Oh, God did I need to cum!  Time wore on.

Unlike last night where I knew that the men were always close by, tonight they
left me in silence.  Only the beat of the metronome filled the air.  I wasn't
sure if they were still there sitting quietly watching me or if the had
adjourned to the upstairs.  They did check on me at intervals, I suppose to make
sure that I had not dropped the ball.  But also to make sure that I hadn't
'fallen out of' or more likely kicked of the killer heels.

About twelve hours later, or at least that's what it seemed like; I felt the
cable holding my arms begin to loosen.  'Time is up, my dear', Mr. T. said
brightly.  I felt one of them remove my pumps from my aching feet.  My poor peds
were almost paralyzed, so it took me a few moments to recognize the feeling of
my comfortable slippers being put onto my feet.  My scrunched toes were giving
off that pins and needles feeling that you get from being out in the cold to
long as the circulation returns. 

One man stripped out the penis gag, while the other freed my ankles.  After I
had gotten used to the penis gag, I had decided that it wasn't as bad as the
harness gag with the huge ball.  It left my mouth with that same kind of
slurping sound that you hear when you're giving a blowjob. I wondered if I had
done that unintentionally or if that were normal?  The blindfold and the wrist
restraints quickly followed. 

Mr. Stanton held my arm and led me over to a waiting chair.  I slumped into it
exhaustedly.  This bondage had been much more strenuous than the previous
evenings.  'How do you feel, my dear', Mr. Thatcher asked me.  'I don't think
that I am supposed to divulge that information until tomorrow morning, sir', I
responded.  He looked at me kindly and said, 'your trails are over young lady. 
You have seen both worlds, as it were, and are now in a position to make a
judgment.'  I looked over at Mr. Stanton, 'Your not trying to get out of binding
me to my bed tonight, are you sir?', I asked.  'No, of course not, my dear', he
responded quickly.  'Then I believe that I should reserve my judgment until the
morning, sirs', I finished. 

Mr. Thatcher laughed and Mr. Stanton joined in.  'We have been out foxed by a
nubie sub, Arch', Mr. T. said.  'How do you like that.'?  Mr. S. laughed again
and responded, 'I love it.  I don't think I've had this much fun with any of our
models, since the time we bound your wife for the first new style catalog.' 
That little remark breathed new life into my tired bones.  'If you gentlemen
don't mind I would like to take a shower and prepare for bed.  I would
appreciate if you could be available in, say half an hour?' I informed the happy
gentlemen.  They made depreciating gestures and said that they would be there
with 'bells on'.

I made it back to my room and stripped.  Did some stretching exercises and then
took my shower.  Sliding the stimulator pack in, I took a few more seconds and
turned the vibrator on.  It felt so good, but just as I was nearing my climax,
someone knocked on my door.  I quickly turned off the vibrator saying loudly,
'Just a minute'.  I threw on my pink silk PJ's and slid into my pink slippers. 
I couldn't do anything about my flushed face so I opened the door.

'I am sorry to rush you, my dear', Mr. Thatcher started.  'But it getting late
for us older people and we've got a full day planned for tomorrow.'  I responded
a little shakily, 'No problem, I was just doing some stretching exercises to
relieve some muscle tension.'  I laid down upon the bed and said, 'whenever your
ready'.  They bond me the same as the previous evening, with the exception of
using leather cuffs and straps rather than rope.  The beanbag gag and sleep mask
were put in place and then I heard the door shut.

Unlike last night I did not get to sleep easily.  I tried shifting my hips and
rubbing my buttocks back and forth, hoping to shift the dildo's enough to get me
off.  I had little success.  I was simply bound too tightly.  Groaning through
the gag in frustration, I lay back totally spent. 


At breakfast the next morning I could tell that both men were anxiously awaiting
my decisions.  After I had been unsuccessful in my masturbation attempts, I lay
exhaustedly with little to do but think.  Therefore I had given plenty of
thought to what I was about to say. 

'Good morning, gentlemen', I said as I poured myself a cup of coffee.  Setting
up a dish of fruit and adding a cup of yogurt I sat down at the table.  I looked
at the two men and began, 'I am sorry Mr. Stanton, but I think that I preferred
rope to the leather restraints.  I truthfully have a difficult time saying that
one was more comfortable than the other, but I liked the personal touch of the
rope.'  Mr. Thatcher looked smugly at his friend.  I continued quickly, 'On the
other hand Mr. Thatcher, your original thesis that rope could replace leather
restraints, is well... all wet.'  I paused as Mr. T. frowned and Mr. S. smiled. 
'I truly don't believe that you could ship your kits without Mr. Stanton's
wonderful leather goods.  Mainly, because of there ease of use, but also because
they are comfortable.  My final word on the subject is that an admitted expert
bound me.  Mr. Stanton has attested to this himself and he seems to be an expert
in his own right.  Now, if a lesser rope man had bound me, it is doubtful that I
would have reached my current conclusion.  Therefore, for the most common
bondage enthusiast leather restraints are probably the way to go.  Again, I am
new to all of this but that is the way that I feel.'

I sipped my coffee and ate a little of my food.  I felt that I had assuaged both
of their egos without straying from the truth.  'Mr. Stanton', I began again. 
'You won the most uncomfortable bondage scenario.  I didn't think that anyone
could beat your breast bondage, Mr. Thatcher, it was masterful, but....' I let
my voice trail off and shook my head.  'I know that I will love the pumps you
have given me,  ...worn properly that is, Mr. Stanton.  But, used in a
punishment capacity, they were far more uncomfortable than the breast bondage. 
Anyhow gentlemen those are my decisions.'   Both men looked pleased with my
answers and I was happy that I could give each of them one of the accolades,
with a clear conscience.  But what I said was true.  In point of fact my feet
were still so sore that I was wearing flats today, rather than the more normal
office wear of mid-sized heels.  With my plaid skirt and white shirt I doubted
that anyone would even notice the small incongruity.




 Leather & Lace
Chapter 5 - Painful Lesson in Sisterhood
By the White Knight
 
The workday went much as it had the day before.  More meetings and more notes. 
The tone of these meetings was positive and I took that to mean that Mr.
Thatcher was going to get at least some of the concessions that he was looking
for.  I was finally released from my duties at 4:00pm, in order to go back to
the house and see if Lucinda had gotten there yet.  I drove as fast as the law
would allow and than a few miles an hour faster hoping that I would beat Lucinda
to the house.  I desperately needed sexual release by this point.  In fact
throughout the day I had had to squirm in my chair a few times to relieve the
pressure which still resided between my legs.

There were lights on and a Mercedes in the driveway.  I had not won my race.  I
went into the house looking for her.  'Lucinda', I called.  Strangely I heard
her voice coming from the direction of my bedroom.  When I walked in I was
shocked and embarrassed by what greeted me.

Lucinda had spread all of my toys on my bed.  The multi pack stimulator, the
beginners' bondage kit and even my crotch less undies.  She was dressed in a
short leather jacket, a leather skirt and high-heeled boots.  She held her baton
in both hands and looked at me sternly.  'I have been told that you settled a
dispute between Mr. Thatcher and Mr. Stanton. Is this true?'  I didn't know what
she was so upset about and decided to ask her, 'I don't understand what the
problem is Lucinda....' I yelped and jumped backwards.  She had slashed my
outstretched placating hands with her baton and it stung like the dickens. 
'Silence', she shouted.  'Is this true or not?'  I rubbed my burning hands and
answered, 'Yes, it's true'.  Lucinda continued her questioning, 'And in doing so
did you sub for the two gentlemen?'  I looked at her blankly.  She rephrased the
question, 'Did you play the part of the submissive for the two gentlemen?'  I
looked at her, if she had already heard the story than she should know that I
had.  'Yes', I answered not wishing to feel the bite of her stick again.

'Why, did you do that', she asked me sternly.  I answered honestly, 'I wanted a
real bondage experience, with someone beside myself.  I thought what better
place to start than with two experts, such as Mr. Thatcher and Stanton.'  She
nodded her head accepting my reply.  'Did you try to seduce the gentlemen in
anyway?'  Now I got mad, 'I most certainly did not....', I shouted.

'You stupid little girl', she cut me off as she yelled at me.  'You wanted a
'real' bondage experience so you went to two married men.  Well, let me tell you
what you actually got.  You got what they call, 'love bondage' from those two
nice gentlemen.  Excluding the love making part of course.  They play with their
wives, girl, they wouldn't know 'real' B&D if it kicked them in the butt. '  She
poked me in the ass with her wooden rod as she spoke.  'I led you down the road. 
I gave you every opportunity to come to me and let me be your teacher and this
is how you repay me?'  She made the last statement sound like a question. 
'Lucinda', I began.  'How could I know?'  The short cane landed viciously on my
buttocks.  'OOOOhhhhhh', I yelped.

'Open the box on the bed', she commanded.  I had tears in the corners of my eyes
but I did as instructed.  Inside was my new red and black satin corset.  'This
was to have been the present I would give to you to introduce you to the B&D
world, now it will be a mere portion of your punishment.'  She paused eyeing me,
daring me to speak.  'Oh, yes', she continued, 'you will be punished for how
shabbily you have treated me.'  She stared at me and commanded, 'Strip naked
immediately.'

I kicked off my flats and shimmied out of my pantyhose.  Skirt and blouse came
next, leaving me in only my white bra and panties.  'All of it', she commanded
as I paused.  I unhooked my bra and slipped off my panties, letting them fall to
my feet.  I self-consciously crossed my hands over my pubic hair.  'Hands at
behind your neck', Lucinda commanded.  I put my hands quickly in place.  She
walked around me, running her short staff over my sensitive skin.  'You wanted a
taste of true Bondage and Discipline; well here is your chance.  You will refer
to me as Mistress and I will refer to you as.... slave.  You will do everything
that I instruct you to do.  If you deviate in anyway from those instructions,
you will be punished.'  She walked around to my front and looked me directly in
the eyes.  I couldn't help but lower my eyes to the ground, as I was stared
down.  'Do you understand and except these conditions?', she asked in a quiet
cobra like hiss.  Lucinda was giving me an out.  Right now, one chance only. 
Either I took whatever she wanted to dish out to me or I never learned what she
meant by a real B&D experience.  I was afraid of my punishment, but somehow it
excited me also.  My sex started to heat up when she had mentioned that word and
had not cooled off since.  'May the slave ask a question?', I asked quietly,
keeping my eyes on the floor.  'You may', she responded.  'If I agree is this
for tonight or for always', I dared to ask.  She laughed at my obvious
discomfort, 'you're agreement is only for this evening', she informed me.  'But,
let me warn you, if you are truly a slave, you will be the one who wishes to
continue this arrangement.  In fact you will beg to be allowed to continue to
serve me or some other dominant.'

Was I truly a slave?  Is that why I loved to be bound and was excited by all of
these things that would have sent shivers of fear down my spine only a few short
weeks ago.  As for punishment, I had just survived breast bondage and the high
heel torture.  And I found that either didn't turn me off.  In fact I even like
the breast bondage a little bit.  Did all of these things make me a slave?  And,
if I am inclined in that direction did I really want to know?  'Yes, mistress',
I told Lucinda, 'I agree to your follow your instructions.'  I needed to know.

'Hold out your left hand', Lucinda commanded me.  When I did so, the baton
flashed so quickly that I didn't even see it.  But I felt it. 
'Ooooouuuuugggghhh', I howled as I grabbed my wounded hand.  Now there were full
tears in my eyes.  I shifted from foot to foot and put my sore hand under my
armpit.  I looked up at her.  'Very good', she said.  'I had to know if you were
sincere.  If you had questioned my right to snap your hand or even asked why I
had done it, then I would have had serious doubts about you.'  I wasn't sure
whether I had been complimented or insulted, so I remained quiet.  The baton
stung like a school ruler, but did no lasting damage, so my hand quickly stopped
hurting.

'The first order of business is to get you dressed', Lucinda told me.  'Put
these on', she ordered.  I took the fine black silk hose form her and rolled one
expertly.  Sitting on the edge of the bed I unrolled it over my calf and up my
leg until the lace top rested upon my thigh.  The second stocking went on just
as quickly.  She reached into the box and pulled out the lovely satin corset,
then handed it to me.  'Hold it up in front of you, and turn sideways, while I
work on lacing this garment.'  Doing as instructed I felt her thread the lacings
throughout the entire corset.  First she did them loosely, just enough so that
if I lowered my hands it would stay in place.  'Now, stand before the corner
post of the bed and hold it with both hands', she ordered.  When I was in
position, she began to tighten the laces.  I was glad that the material was
soft, because it tightened about me rapidly and I figured that leather wouldn't
be anywhere near as comfortable.  I groaned, as she pulled hard on the laces. 
'Normally, I would let you learn your corset more slowly.  Reducing your waist
size by only two inches or so the first couple of times...  But, lucky you, I'm
going to let you have all four inches of pull on your very first try!', Lucinda
said snippily.  Putting her knee on my butt, she pulled with all of her might. 
I groaned loudly in protest.  Try to imagine putting your waist and chest into a
vice and then slowly turning the handle to tighten it.  This is what I was
feeling.  I found that it was getting more and more difficult to breathe as
first my diaphragm and now my chest was becoming tightly confined into the satin
garment. 

Lucinda walked around me attaching each of the six garters to the top of its
respective hose.  'Go look in the mirror', she commanded.  I walked over and
gasped at the sight.  'Oh my God, is that really me', I stammered.  My normally
small waist truly looked like the narrow opening of an hourglass that everyone
associated with corsets.  The dip from my rib cage to my hips was no longer a
gentle in turn, but was now more like a dramatic twin canyons.

I looked over my shoulders at my back and saw that there were no gaps in the
material.  My legs were covered with the silk hose and I visually checked the
seams to make sure that they were straight.  The canyons at my waist seemed even
larger when you looked from hips upwards.  My ass cheeks formed white globes of
firm flesh above the stockings and below my red corset. 

I turned forward and ran my hands upwards over the taut satin until they reached
the black half cups, which held my breasts.  I re-arranged them into the most
comfortable positioning that I could find, but it was still a tight fit.  My
twin mounds were forced upwards and together, making my chest appear to be one
nearly flat shelf, jutting away from my body.  Only the dark line of the crack
between breasts, gave even the hint of cleavage.  My dark aureoles peeked over
the top of the material. The corsets constant pressure made it difficult to
breathe normally, so I found myself taking more short intakes of air. This
caused my pretty shelf of warm flesh to rise and fall to my quickened breathing. 

'Do you like what you see in the mirror', Lucinda asked in a raspy hiss.  'I
love what I see', I gasped in delight, '...Mistress.' I added quickly.  I had
learned from the gentlemen that failing to title your principle appropriately
would lead to severe discipline.  'Do you love yourself or the garment', Lucinda
asked softly.  'I love the way the corset makes me look.  To me this is the apex
of sexy, Mistress'.  Lucinda caressed my naked buttocks with her stick.  'Who do
you want to see you, when you wear your sexy corset', she asked sweetly. 
Embarrassed, I didn't answer right away.  'Ooooohhhhhh', I cried as the hard
wood met my buttocks, with a resounding crack.  'You must tell me the truth, or
I will punish you further, slave', she said sternly.  'My imaginary lover,
mistress', I groaned, dejectedly looking at my feet.  Walking in front of me she
used her black rod to push my head upward and looked into my eyes.  'Is your
imaginary lover a man, or... a woman?', she asked with a look that worried me. 
With growing trepidation, I closed my eyes and answered truthfully, 'A man,
mistress.'  I tightened my body expecting the blow that never came.  'Ah', she
said knowingly.  'And why do want to dress so sexily for this imaginary man',
she queried.  Now we were on familiar territory.  I had thought about these
things quite a lot so my answers came more quickly.  'To inflame his desire of
me, to match my own desire for him', I replied.  Lucinda smiled, 'so you wear
this garment that you 'love', because it excites your imaginary lover.  Does it
excite you, also?'  I blushed and looked down.  'Yes, Mistress', I responded
softly.

Her leather-gloved hand reached down between my legs.  I gasped as her fingers
ruffled through my pubic hair and briefly touched my cunt lips.  She raised the
glove to her eye level, so that we could both see that it was glistening with my
juices.  'Tsk, Tsk, Tsk', she said.  'My you are a little bitch in heat aren't
you?'  I took this as a rhetorical question and did not respond.  'You've barely
been touched and you are hotter than a furnace.'  She paused and smiled at me. 
'You are hot, aren't you slave?' she asked.  Feeling miserable at my increased
embarrassment, I moaned, 'Yes, mistress.'  Her smile widened, 'And just how hot
are little slave girl.'  Just thinking about it was making it worse.  'I'm
burning up, mistress!'

'Put your hands behind your neck and spread you legs', Lucinda commanded.  She
stood in front of me; the baton tucked under one arm.  Using both
leather-encased hands she slowly caressed the insides of my thighs. 
'Ooooohhhh', I groaned in pleasure.  She ran her hands around my legs, sliding
them over the soft silk of my stockings, playing with the elastic of the
garters, but always ending near my lower mouth.  With both of her hands
caressing my thighs just below my hungry lips, she asked, 'Do you like this?' 
My breathing was becoming ragged, 'Yes, mistress.  I love it!', I responded not
opening my eyes.  'Then you would like me to continue rubbing you... at least
enough to let you have an orgasm, wouldn't you?', she asked in that snake-like
whispering hiss of hers.  'Yes, mistress.  Please, mistress let me climax,' I
begged.  Her hands continued to touch my inner thighs, but only lightly brushed
against my mound from time to time. 'How long has it been since you last came.' 
I blushed.  'You know', she continued since you last jerked off'.  She used the
crude male term for the act, but I was so sexually frustrated that I didn't
care.  'Last Friday', I moaned.

'So what would you do for me if I allowed you to achieve climax', she asked.  I
didn't like the way she said allowed and I definitely didn't like the way this
conversation was turning.  'What would mistress, want me to do?', I asked
quietly.  The Cheshire cat smile returned.  'Why, dear slave I would want you to
knell between my legs, put you head under my skirt and eat me until I came, of
course.  When I am finished I would like you to clean me off with your tongue,
so that all of my juices are swept away.'  I stiffened as her fingers now boldly
rubbed my aching sex.  'Do you want me to make you come', Lucinda asked me
slyly.  'Aaaaarrrrrggghhhh', I moaned in frustration.  'No, mistress.  I do not
want you to make me come.'  Her smile faded and she removed her hands from my
sex.  'A fair answer, but truthfully not the one I expected.'  She paused then
asked, 'If I had been a man, would you have knelt in front of me and sucked my
cock?'  I raised my eyes until I was looking into hers and responded, 'If you
were my male lover, then yes, I would have done so.'  She sighed and said, 'Ah
well, so much for fun and games.  Its time to get back to your punishment.'

'Pick up the red heels from the chair over there and put them on', Lucinda
ordered.  There were two open boxes on the chair by the door.  One held the red
heels and the other the white heels from the night before.  I went to bend to
retrieve the red ones, and I almost busted a gut.  Or at least broke some ribs. 
'Stupid slave', she chastised me.  'When you are wearing a corset like yours you
never try to bend at the waist.  If you are very athletic you could bend at the
hips, while keeping your back straight, but most women dip.'  I looked at her
perplexed.  'Crouch straight downwards, until your butt is just over your heels. 
The key is to keep your back straight', she informed me.  I did so balancing on
the toe pads of my feet as my heels came off the ground.  I extracted both of
the heels from the box and stood up.

I had not had time to closely look at these pumps before and now I could see
their obvious differences from the black and gold pumps.  This pump had a thick
red ankle belt to top it off, graced with a bright gold buckle.  The spike heel
was not as tall as yesterday's selection either, probably around five inches or
so.  Higher than I liked, but better than the six plus inch heels on the black
pumps.  Of course now that I had them, I couldn't figure out how to get them on. 
I knew that I couldn't bend over that far, what was I to do?

'Oh, sit down on the end of the bed' Lucinda said realizing my predicament.  She
knelt before me and slid my foot into the steeply arched interior.  Once my toes
were firmly in place she buckled the soft leather tightly about my ankle.  The
left foot followed next.  'Stand up', she ordered.  Doing my best to keep my
back straight and only bending at my hips, I balanced myself on the tall heels. 
Using my hands, I levered myself forward off of the bed into a crouching
position and then rose into a standing position.  She threw the red satin gloves
to me and said, 'Put these on and then march down to the basement, slave',
Lucinda commanded me. 

The soft satin flowed onto my arms.  I walked awkwardly in my new heels.  These
were much more comfortable than the black pumps and I wondered if yesterdays
shoes had been cut a half size to small.  I decided that I would check it out
and return them if necessary.  'Ooouuuccchhh', I yelped and almost stumbled as
her wicked rod slammed across my naked white moons.  'Your posture is terrible',
Lucinda informed me.  'Straighten that back and walk properly.  You look like
you have some type of dysfunctional disease.'  I straightened my back, but I was
having trouble mastering the heels. 

'Stop here, and just walk back and forth', she ordered.  For the next ten
minutes she treated me like a sergeant and a recruit learning to march.  Walking
right along side of me, she would switch a leg or buttocks at each faulty step. 
Crack. The thin wood rod would land against my soft flesh.  I quickly got used
to the pain and only winced now, at each stroke.  'Come on, slave', she chided
me.  'You've worn high heels before.  The concept isn't any different now, you
just have to concentrate more.'  Come on heel and toe land at the same time....
One foot in front of the other...  These and other like implications rained upon
me.  'In time you won't even have to think about it.  Wearing them will become
as second nature as wearing any pair of heels', she assured me.  Finally, I made
two passes properly, so she called a halt and ordered me into the basement.

The wooden frame and all of the restraints that we had used last night were
still out.  Lucinda didn't waste anytime and quickly buckled cuffs around my
wrists and ankles.  Unlike last night she attached a spreader bar between my
wrists, which separated them by about three feet.  A similar bar, set at the
same width, also fettered my ankles.  She attached the twelve o'clock cable to
the eyebolt in the center of the spreader bar separating my wrists.  Using the
winch my wrists were drawn above my head, but she stopped it well before they
had last night.

'OOOOOhhhhhh', I screamed and jumped forward.  She came from behind me and
showed me the whip that she had just used to blister my butt.  'This is referred
to as a short bladed whip', my mistress instructed me.  It had a foot long
braided leather handle and a dozen or so short strips of leather branching from
the top. 'It's best used against breasts, inner thighs anywhere the skin is
tender and prone to easy damage.  These softer and wider blades do no permanent
damage to these sensitive areas, but I am sure you will find them effective.' 
She disappeared behind me.  I closed my eyes and tensed my body, pulling my butt
forward as far as possible.  'No, no, no slave', Lucinda said snappily.  'Move
your legs back here, then bend forward and give me a good target, otherwise I'll
try this next whip on a more sensitive location.' 

Oh God, oh God, oh God, I muttered to myself.  She was going to whip me.  That
was my punishment, I now realized.  I slid my feet backwards and leaned forward. 
My back was forced to stay straight because of the corset and my legs were taut
like cables because of the spreader bar and the heels.  My strained shoulder
blades were holding most of my body weight.  Bright ringlets of hair fell
forward about my bowed head, which hung between spread arms.  My hands balled
into fists and I closed my eyes expecting the worst.  It seemed like an eternity
waiting for the blow to be struck.

'Aaaaiiiiieeeee', I screamed.  This whip was much worse than the last.  My
entire rear end felt like it was on fire.  Again Lucinda proceeded to show me
the cruel weapon.  'This is also a multi bladed short whip, but the strands are
braided and narrower and at the end of each is a knot.  The braids are worse the
leather strips, but it is the knot at the end that really makes this one so
dangerous.'  She slid behind me again.  'You've moved again slave' she called.
'Back into position.'  Biting my lip, I moved my aching posterior back where she
wanted it.  Thwack! 'Aaooohhhhhhh', I gasped as I sucked in air.  The initial
pain of this weapon had not been as intense as its last counterpart, but the
pain in my buttocks continued to build and build.  I winced in continued
discomfort as Lucinda showed me the paddle she had used on me.  'This is
obviously a paddle, the same type used by many prep schools to initiate members
into their fraternities.  As you can see though it has been slightly modified. 
Holes have been drilled over the entire surface.  This means that the air will
not be allowed to form a cushion between you and the paddle.  It is much more
efficient this way, my dear slave.'

She walked in front of me tapping the paddle into her second leather-covered
palm.  'Your punishment will consist of three dozens strokes.  One dozen with
each of the whips you have just experienced.'  My eyes widened and I gasped. 
Three dozen, oh my God!  'All slaves are initiated into their submission, by the
formal administration of a whipping.'  She paused looking at me perhaps waiting
for me to object. 'This will be your initiation to slavedom, and you are to
follow these rules:  First, you will count each stroke as it lands, saying the
number and than thanking me for whipping you.  Finally you will ask for another. 
Second, you must not loose count of the strokes that have fallen upon you;
otherwise we will start over at one.  Third, if at any time during the
proceedings that you decide that you do not have what it takes to be a slave,
then you are to say 'mercy mistress'.  Any other imprecations, such as stop, no
more, I beg you... will be ignored.  Only 'mercy mistress' will stop your
punishment.  Do you understand these rules?'

Taking a deep breath, I answered, 'Yes, mistress'.  I couldn't stop now.  I had
to know where I fit into this B&D / S&M scene.  I had already determined that I
loved bondage.  The more painful aspects that I had already encountered hadn't
seemed so bad.  In some ways they were exciting.  But, now submitting to a
whipping... by a woman mistress, no less.  My curiosity told me that I had to
find my place.  Bowing my head between my arms, I prepared for the worst.

'Oh, one last little indignity that I forgot to mention', she started.  Ding,
ding, and ding.  I looked up to see her shaking two small brass bells in her
hand.  'These will be attached to your nipples.  I am sure that you will find
that they produce a most interesting sensation when worn in this way.'  Her hand
reached down to my chest and pushed under the tight material of my half cups. 
Finding my left nipple, she squeezed and rolled it between thumb and forefinger. 
When my nipple hardened to her manipulations, she pulled it painfully upwards
and outwards.  'Oooohhhhh', I winced.  She followed a similar routine with my
right nipple.  Soon both distended nipples were a full inch above the tight half
cups.  I watched as she took the clamp attached to one of the bells and let it
close slowly over the nipple.  My eyes widened, as the pressure of the clamp was
released on the sensitive skin.  'God Lord, that hurts...mistress', I stammered. 
She applied the second clamp and then brushed her hands against both of the
small bells making them ring.  'AAArrrrrgggghhhh', I yelled staring down at the
small little seemingly inoffensive clasps that were causing me such pain.  My
rasping breathing, made my chest rise and fall rapidly.  I saw the bells swing
and sway to this motion, pulling on the tender tip of my nipples.  Unbelievably
I felt the painful pressure send almost electric shocks into excited sex organs. 
I had almost forgotten how much I was dying to orgasm, being so concentrated on
my upcoming ordeal.  Now, my fire was back with a passion.  'Uuuuugggghhhh', I
moaned in frustration.

TWACK.  'OOOOOWWWWWW', that was the hardest shot yet.  TWACK.  My body jerked
forward, my mouth opened but I held in the cry.  TWACK.  My rear end burned
across both cheeks.  'Well, I guess you like being spanked so much that you
don't want me to stop', Lucinda said lightly.  'So far we are going for fifteen
strokes, unless you decide not to count the next one that land also'.  TWACK. 
'One', I cried realizing my error. 'Thank you mistress, may I have another.' 
TWACK. 'Ohhhhhhh', I moaned.  This one was worse as she only hit the right
cheek.  'Two', I groaned.  'Thank you mistress, may I have another.'  TWACK.
God, the left cheek.  'Three', I pried out between my gritted teeth.  'Thank you
mistress, may I have another.'

The paddle continues to land on my bare ass.  Each stroke heightened the pain in
my posterior and at the same time shook me enough to cause the bells to ring. 
The burning pain across my pink buttocks and the pleasure / pain shocks from the
nipple clamps made my sex ache.  I hurt so badly.... and it made me so hot. 
God, I wanted to climax.

TWACK.  'Nine', I whined breathlessly.  'Thank you mistress, may I have
another.'  I tensed my buttocks muscles for the next stroke.  It didn't land.  I
could feel my muscles quivering from the tension of trying to remain clenched. 
TWACK.  'Oooooowwwww', I yelled.  She must have used both hands and swatted me
against both cheeks.  My buttocks were pushed forward by the force of the blow
and my knees nearly buckled.  'TEN', I snapped anxiously, beginning to
straighten.  'Thank you mistress...may I have another.   As soon as I had
managed to bring myself even closely into position...TWACK.  'Arrrrgggghhhh', I
groaned in pain.  This time my knees did buckle and all of my weight was being
supported by my twin-cuffed wrists.  'Elllevvvveeenn', I stammered, from my
crouched position.  My rear end was positioned directly over my spread ankles,
rotating of it own accord.  The pain was incredible.  TWACK.  Without even
waiting for me to regain the proper posture, Lucinda sent a sizzling under hand
cut upwards against my butt.  My tired legs found the strength to spring me to
attention as I screamed, 'TWELVE', through the pain.  The paddle had clipped a
piece of my pussy and the pain from that was so great it was like all the others
before hadn't counted.

'Oh, poor baby', she crooned.  'It seems that I went just a little bit too far
with that last stroke.'  My body was still in shock, legs taut as cables
standing straight up.  Lucinda began to gently rub my sex and another jolt
passed through my body.  All of the pain seemed to transfer into the sexual heat
burning between my legs.  It was like someone had switched the current from DC
to AC.  Her hand rubbed back and forth over my love mound.  'Ohhhhh, yes', I
groaned closing my eyes and relaxing.  I felt something hard slide between my
wet pussy lips, it felt like a dildo with a head and a stiff body.  'Yes,
Yessss, Yesssss', I moaned in ecstasy as she pushed and pulled the stiff penis
in and out of me.  I quickly began to squat down to meet her thrust and impale
myself further on the hard rod.  It wasn't as pliable as my own dildo when it
went deep into my love canal, but I loved its every movement.  'Yessss, Yesss...
Oh Yeessssss', I moaned as my breathing quickened and my orgasm neared.  Even
the bells bouncing on my chest were adding to my unbridled excitement.  Lucinda
slowed her movements, 'Beg slave.  Beg so that I will let you cum.' Her
manipulations had almost stopped.  My wrists suspended me as I hung as low as I
could, doing everything possible to push the dildo into me.  'Please, Please....
Pleaaaaaseee, mistress', I wheedled and whined in frustration.  'Please make me
cum.' The Cheshire smile was back, 'of course I will dear slave... If you will
eat me.  What do you say?  Yes or No.' I threw my head back and screamed in
anger and frustration.  'NO, MISTRESS', I cried as tears slid down my cheeks.

She immediately pulled the object out of my cunt and said easily, 'Assume the
position, slave'.  I continued to cry frustrated tears.  The whipping had hurt
like hell, but it hadn't made me cry.  This sexual teasing had though, and it
was wearing me down.   I tensed my quivering butt muscles once again.  Crack. 
'Aaaaaiiieeeeeeee', I screamed once more.  The blow had landed on my back this
time.  If was definitely the braided whip and while some of the strands had
landed on the thick protecting satin, the rests landed across my naked shoulder
blades.  When I finally regained my breath, I stammered, 'One.  Thank you
mistress may I have another.'  Swish. CRACK.   I was thrust against my bonds by
the weight of the blow.  'Two', I said through gritted teeth.  'Thank you
mistress may I have another'.  Swish.  CRACK.   'OOOoooowwwwoooo', I moaned. 
'Threeeee', I whined and then I thanked Lucinda and asked for the next stroke.

'Oh, my', she said.  'You should see your back.  All these little pink lines
running everywhere, with some larger pink dots where the knots landed.  I looks
almost like a road map.'  Pink lines I wondered, hell they felt like open
wounds.  'I don't think that I would wear that see-through shirt of yours
tomorrow.' Lucinda finished with a smirk.

Swish.  Crack.  'Four, mistress.  May I have another.'  She moved to my legs now
starting at the top of my right thigh and working downward.  Each time the whip
connected with my leg, the braided strands would wrap around it until the knot
landed.  Four strokes down my right leg and four strokes up my left leg. 
'Eeelllleeeveeen, mistress.  May I pleeease have another', I stammered out
tiredly.  'I don't think that you should wear stockings tomorrow either, dear
slave', Lucinda teased me.  'Unless of course you want everyone to know that you
were whipped the night before'.  The last one came down sharply between my
shoulder blades, pushing the air out of my lungs in its intensity. 
'Twwweeellvveee', I groaned.  'Please mistress may I have another.'

'Oh, you would like another', Lucinda asked.  'Well, I thought that we were done
with this whip, but... if you really want another one with it I would be happy
to do so.'  My tired mind processed what she was saying and I screamed, 'NOOO. 
No thank you mistress.  May I please have another with the last whip.'  She
smiled, 'Of course you can slave.  But first I thought I'd try this again.'  Her
hand began to rub my sex once more.  This time looking down I saw it was the
handle of the whip that she was thrusting into me.  AC switched to DC, and my
tired body doggedly began to respond.  'Nooo, Nooo, please don't do that again,
mistress', I begged.  'But, you do want to cum, don't you?', she asked
continuing her manipulations.  Yes, I wanted to cum so badly it hurt.  My
resistance was crumbling about me.

'No animals, no groups... no women', I mumbled to myself.  I had made this rule
up when I was barely eighteen years old.  I had needed it after my disastrous
first love affair.  At seventeen he convinced me to let him have me.  In only a
few months he had convinced me that it was all right for me to give him
blowjobs.  But soon he wanted more.  Unknown to me he had been seeing another
girl.  A senior.  She was as desperately in love with him as I was; I found this
out because he brought us together one evening.  My parents were out and when he
arrived at my house, she was with him.  Right out he told us that he had been
seeing, each of us separately, but now it had come time for us to serve him
together.  I don't remember how he convinced us, but he did it.  All three of us
naked on the soft carpet went at it.  We alternated sucking his cock, riding it
up and down from the top position, or kissing and fondling him while he screwed
the other.  I wanted him so much, that it all seemed to make sense.  When he had
come as many times as he possibly could, it had gotten nasty.  He started
calling us sluts and ordered us to kiss each other.  If we complained he slapped
us and finally ordered us to eat each other.   At the end of the evening after
everyone had left, I decided that I had never felt worse about myself then just
then.  In the shower I made up my rules.  I called up Ami and told her what I
was feeling and that I couldn't do this any more.  She agreed and finally we
confronted our soon to be ex-boyfriend.  He laughed when we told him it was
over, threatening us with public humiliation.  We laughed back and told him if
he tried that we would tell, every girl in the school that we had almost went
all the way with him, but when we saw how small his penis was we couldn't stop
laughing.  I thought he was going to hit us, but he just turned red and stormed
away. 

'No animals, No groups, No women'.  Lucinda continued thrusting the handle of
the whip into my aching sex organ.  'Hmmmm', she asked silkily.  'Are you ready
to pay the fee for sexual release or shall we get back to your punishment.'  I
hung frustrated and tired in my restraints.  'No women...' I mumbled.  More
determinedly I continued, 'Please continue with my punishment mistress.'  I
winced and bit my lip as the whip handle slipped out of my sex.

'Assume the position', Lucinda ordered once again.  I straightened my legs and
leaned forward.  I opened my tired eyes as I felt a cool wind blowing against my
overheated love mound.  My eyes widened as I realized that the wind was coming
from Lucinda's remaining punishment instrument.   She was rotating the whip in
such a way that the leather blades were revolving like the propeller on an
airplane engine.  Worst of all though was that the leather fan was getting
closer and closer to my poor cunny.  'No...no.... Your not going to whip me
there?' I stammered in disbelief.  She just smiled at me and raised the whip a
little closer. The rotating blades finally met my love mound, in a constant
slapping motion.  'Ohhhh..... Ohhhhh......Ohhhh', I stammered again and again. 
My body stiffened as each and every muscle tightened to fight off the flying
fingers of pain.

'No... Not there', I said more forcefully.  She smiled again and replied, 'Oh
yes, dear slave,....THERE!'  SNAAAPPP.  Lucinda slammed the whip upwards into my
exposed sex.  'Aaaaiiiiiiieeeeeeee', I howled in pain.  My whole body jerked
towards the ceiling, but there was no hiding from the intense pain that flashed
through me.  Compared to the other strokes this one would have been considered
light, but the tender skin that the thin leather strips smacked made the whole
area burn. 

'Count, slave', Lucinda commanded.  I had almost forgotten as my mind was
blanked by the newly experienced agony.  'One', I shouted quickly.  'Thank you
mistress, may I have another'.  I added more breathlessly.  My body had stopped
taking in air for a few seconds and I almost had to remember how to do it. 
Gasping, my chest heaved, sending the dangling bells to pealing brightly.  The
disregarded discomfort of my nipples resurged itself until it was a prominent
factor in my pain infested body.  Swish.  SNNNAAAAPPP.  I screeched and tried
desperately to pull myself upwards and away from the incredible torment.  This
one had been only as hard as the last, but only the tips of the whip seemed to
find my furry love lips.  'Two', I croaked and asked for my next stroke. 
Lucinda took her sweet time between strokes.  Sweat was pouring down my now
slick form. 

'Put your heels back on the floor, and get back into position', Lucinda ordered. 
Looking down at my feet I hadn't realized that I was standing on my tiptoes like
a ballerina.  The pumps themselves remained married to my feet by there strappy
closures.  I slid back into position.  I could feel the muscles between my legs
twitch uncontrollably, expecting the next slicing stoke.  SNNAAPPP.  I didn't
have long to wait.  I almost asked for mercy then, but I bit my lip and held on. 
The cunt whipping and my counting continued.  In between the strokes Lucinda
softly rubbed my clit and the little nub within.  Just as I would begin to relax
and close in on that elusive orgasm... WHAP.  The next blow would land.  I
thought at first that this would turn me off from wanting to climax, but it had
exactly the opposite effect!!!  A sexual frenzy over took my confused mind. 
That pleasure and pain line that they talk so much about began to blur.  I cried
out as my cunt cringed at each blow and than breathlessly pleaded for her
caress.  The kiss of the whip and the careful caressing just missed getting me
off as I cried in total frustration, 'Twelve'.  I yelled and pulled at my bonds. 
'Please mistress, may I have another... Please', I begged pitifully.

At first she didn't answer me.  Then dropping the whip on the table she
emphasized the movement by saying, 'No, Sharon.  Part of your punishment is that
you won't be allowed to orgasm.  Also I think its time that you and I had a long
talk'.  Realizing that any further imprecations would be useless, I hung tiredly
in my bonds and cried softly.  Now that the possibility of me achieving orgasm
had been taken away, my entire mind turned to the pain.  My whole body felt
battered and my lower lips felt like ground meat.  But, I knew that I had
survived the first whipping.  Later I would decide what part of this new
experience I would allow into my love life.

Lucinda undid my bonds quickly and helped support me over to a soft love seat. 
I winced as I tried to sit.  Knowingly, she pulled me towards her so that my
tear streaked face rested in her leather-covered lap.  This allowed my weight to
rest on my side and not my blistered bottom.  Her fingers flowed softly through
my now tangled locks.  It was very comforting, almost motherly.

'When I was a young girl', Lucinda began softly, 'I had an awaking such as
yours.  I was only nineteen, at the time though, so I was easily influenced to
do whatever my master wanted.  All I wanted to do was please him.  Two years,
while I was in college, I was this man's slave.'  Her voice had taken on a
dreamy, reminiscent tone.  'While I don't think that I was ever quite as
beautiful as you, my dear, I wasn't bad either.  My long platinum blond hair,
combined with my firm tits and lithe form made me the desire of many men.  But I
only had eyes for one.'

'He was the one who introduced me to whipping', she continued.  'He took loving
care to explain each of its many facets... and like you nearly found out, showed
me that applied properly you can achieve orgasms.  Many of them even more
intense then the pain, which had just been inflicted upon you.  In essence, he
made me want to be bound and whipped... his love slave.'  She paused, realizing
that I was no longer crying and listening intently.  'You dear Sharon', she said
softly. 'Are at those same cross roads.  If the right person comes along I have
no doubt that you will make him a wonderful slave.  But you must be very careful
to pick the right person to be your master.'  She laughed a little, 'I had
thought that you might actually like a mistress to guide you into this new
world, but you have obviously decided that only a master will do.'  Then she
surprised me with a question I had only recently begun to think about.  'What do
you want your fantasy master to be like?'  I gulped down air, blushing as I
spluttered, 'A lot like Mr. Thatcher... except younger.'

Lucinda chuckled.  'Of course', she said.  'You really liked your little bondage
encounter with those two.  Hmmmm, so it's going to be a true 'love bondage'
relationship for you.  Not bad, young lady.  Mike and Ann are very good role
models.  She's strong in many ways, like you, and I have never seen her act
submissive to him in normal every day life.  Yes, that would be good for you.  I
only wish I had been as smart about my own entrance into this type of life.' 
She sat quietly for a moment.

'What happened to make you stop, being his.... love slave?', my excessive
curiosity made me ask. 'You said you were only with him for two years.'  Lucinda
breathed deeply.  'I should have known from the beginning that something was
wrong with the whole relationship.  He was a history professor at the State
College I was attending and quite a bit older than I.  The end was what he gave
me for my twenty-first birthday... or actually who he gave me to I should say. 
He lent me, or maybe sold me, to two other masters who were making a whipping
film.  For four days and nights, myself and another young girl were scourged and
screwed.'  She shook her head as if to clear her thoughts, before continuing. 
'They were both true masters.  We were constantly in fear of not pleasing them
and at the same time kept on the edge of imminent sexual climax.  Only when they
were truly ready would they allow us to cum.' She looked down at me and
explained, 'don't misunderstand Sharon that is what an experienced master does
for his love slave.  It is the wait and the anticipation that makes the final
release all the better.  But these men weren't our chosen master's and they were
more interested in inflicting pain upon the two of us then in any of the sexual
gratification that they demanded.'  She shuddered.  'These men were truly
sadistic.  One of them would jerk off on my reddened rump while the other
continued to beat me.  Then they would switch places and repeat the process. 
They did this multiple times to both of us and not just our asses were the
targets of their wild whippings.'  Her eyes glared into mine.  'My back, my
buttocks, my thighs... my chest and yes, even my cunt felt this treatment.  To
add insult to injury, they even had us blow them to excite themselves enough,
because they had come so many times that they couldn't arose themselves through
their own efforts.'  Lucinda's gaze softened and she took on that lazy
reminiscent attitude once again.  'After two weeks of recovering, I resumed my
place as love slave to the professor.  Finals exams were do during the next few
weeks and I was able to reduce my visits to practically nil.  As soon as finals
were over and grades posted, I packed my car and left.  I didn't even return for
the graduation ceremony.  If fact I never returned.'  She paused thoughtfully. 
'I am sure that he found some other young neophyte to serve him, but I couldn't
do anything about that.  You my dear I can help and if you will let me I will
help you.'

I didn't know what to say.  All I did know was that bondage; even the agony of
being whipped held a certain fascination for me.  They excited me beyond any
other type of thrill that I had yet experienced in my young life.  'I think I
would like that', I replied guardedly.  'But, how will you be able to help me?' 

Lucinda laughed.  'You see you are not all submissive.  That question is way to
straightforward for a true submissive to ask.'  She helped me sit up, my crotch
was extremely sore, but I could at least sit now.  Sliding her hands onto my
shoulders and looking softly into my eyes, she said, 'I can be your friend....
your sister, if you will.  You young lady are going to need a lot of advice as
you enter this arena.   What limits should you set on how rough your B&D play
will be?  How do you communicate this to your lover / master?  Even such simple
things such as what to wear to really set him on fire.'  Looking at me with her
big ice-blue eyes I could feel a warm that I had never known existed in them. 
'I have plenty of people will to share my bed... but, I am running a little low
on people that I can call friends.  What do you say honey?  Do you want big sis
to help you out or not?'

It was tough to believe that this was the same women that had been whipping me
so mercilessly just a few minutes before.  But now I understood that she was
teaching me a needed lesson about the new world that I was entering.  It could
have been a very dangerous lesson in the hands of the wrong person.  I felt a
warm towards her that I had not felt in all long time.

I put my hands onto her shoulders and beamed at her.  'Thank you, Lucinda' I
gushed.  'I think we are already friends.... but, to be able to share this new
world with another woman, that would be wonderful.'  She helped me upstairs and
got me out of my sexy costume.  Brooking no argument, she had me sit in the
large tub while she bathed me.  A bottle of white wine and the warm water did
wonders to restore me.

I soon found myself asking her every question that I had ever imagined about
bondage, both physiological and physical.  Her answers were wonderfully
reassuring and informative.  Lucinda related anecdotes of adventures that I
would never, could never have even dreamed up!  But, the feelings she spoke
of... the overwhelming, almost additive feelings.  The desire to please and the
need to be pleased all commingled into a steady flow and the promise of a
beautiful relationship... with the right person of course.

She helped me dry myself after my bath and kneaded soothing oils into my still
aching flesh.  Knowingly, the remarkable woman steered clear of my sex and let
me attend to that area myself.  I was still a little unsure of her 'no strings
attached' attitude and this reassured me greatly.  After drying myself one more
time, I slid into my silk pajamas and our discussion continued. 

When I was beginning to nod off she helped me back to my room and put me to bed. 
'Do you trust me?' she asked as I lay there.  Tentatively I replied, 'Yes, I
think, I do'.  She smiled at my less than enthusiastic response.  'Don't worry I
am not going to take advantage of you... despite how delicious that would be. 
What I am going to do is bind you to your bed.'  I smile back at her and said,
'That's awfully sweet of you... but I don't understand, why?'  Her smile
widened.  'Very simply, because I don't want you to cum.  You remember it was
part of your punishment.  Of course, now I have two motivations.'  As she spoke
she began to bind my ankles to the appropriate posts.  I didn't try to stop her,
or deny her right to bind me.  'And what is this second motivation of yours....
mistress', I asked.  If I was being bound I should use the proper title for
Lucinda and also I thought that I would get better results with honey.  'It
simple really, my dear', she said softly.  'I intend to make sure that you don't
have an orgasm until we find your Mr. Right!'  I looked at her incredulously as
she finished tying off my final wrist, 'You've got to be kidding!!!' I exploded. 
While my mouth was wide open she popped in the ball gag.  She laughed as she
asked again, 'Do you trust me, dearest?'  Taking my time, I slowly nodded my
head.  'Good, because I think I know of the perfect person for you.  Oh, I could
be wrong my dear, but I think he would fit the bill rather nicely.'  I pulled at
my bonds and tried to squeal questions past the heavy rubber, but my efforts
were useless.  'Relax, my dear.  You will find out his name and everything about
him in due time.... but, for now you must be kept in the dark.'  With that and
another laugh, she slid my satin sleep mask in place.  'Good night, dearest',
she called as I heard the light switch click.  'Pleasant dreams', she chuckled
as the door was closed.

Taking deep breaths I calmed myself and my racing thoughts down.  There was
nothing that I could do about anything just at the moment.... being bound and
gagged spread eagle to a bed does have that effect.  Resigning myself to another
sexually unfulfilling night, I let the warmth of the comforter surround me and
drifted off to a dreamless sleep.




Leather & Lace
Chapter 6 - Audition with the Mystery Man
By the White Knight

The next morning Lucinda didn't leave me out of her sight the entire time.  We
ate and talked, but she brushed aside all of my requests for information about
my proposed pairing.  At work it was much the same.  I attended every meeting
that she did and was even taken to lunch with her and the other executives. 
Only for a few minutes did she leave my side and that only to hold a quiet
conversation at the end of the room with Mr. Stanton.  He looked at me covertly
a number of times during that brief discussion and ended nodding his head and
smiling as he kissed Lucinda on both cheeks.  I thought that they must have
reached some mutually beneficial business arrangement, based on the way that
they were acting.

That night Lucinda and I ate out and then continued our rap session from the
night before.  She allowed me to do my aerobic workout and even joined me at
about ten o'clock.  Of course all of my requests for further information on Mr.
Right met the same stonewall.  I was bound to my bed as was now usual.  But
tonight I was bold enough to ask for the more comfortable, beanbag gag.  Smiling
at my temerity she said, 'You really should practice with the tougher gag... but
I suppose that it would be all right.' 


My jaw greatly appreciated her indulgence the next morning.  In fact by now I
was feeling pretty much back to normal.  The marks on my body had faded, and now
the aches and pains of my last ordeal had passed also.  Lucinda watched me as I
dressed.  Suggesting pieces of my outfit as I went along.  What I ended up with
was an outfit that I had basically worn a number of times at the office before. 
Gray wool pleated mini skirt, black sleeveless form fitting shirt, black hose
(using garters and stockings rather than pantyhose) and normal black leather
boots.  I say normal boots, because Lucinda complained about them.  'The heel
should be higher and spiked to really be sexy' she lamented.  The heel was only
a little over two inches and was blockier for better traction in snow and bad
weather.  Besides I thought to myself, I am going to work I don't need to be
dressed to kill. 

The shirt was really sexy, as it left no doubt as to my obvious endowments.  The
upper portion of the garment, from slightly above the tips of my nipples to my
throat, was made of a transparent black material showing off an amazing amount
of cleavage. This I covered up with a blazer, which matched my skirt.  I was
surprised that she had not complained about this, as it was she who had
suggested this particular shirt.  The cut of the blazer showed only an innocent
V of white chest.   She refused to allow me to wear the satin bra that I would
normally with this garter belt, but was kind enough to let me put on the
matching panties. 

Lucinda had me model my outfit for her, so she could 'see all of the lines'. 
When I was getting tired of doing this I finally asked, 'what's going on here? 
What's so important about the way that I dress when were going to the office.' 
Lucinda pooh-poohed me and said in a sisterly fashion, 'I told you that I would
be giving you advice.  Well, we are starting with wardrobe suggestions.  In my
estimation it's always a good idea to, within reason, advertise your wares.' 
Knowing her wardrobe, I believed what she was telling me.  Without a doubt some
of her outfits made her look twice as beautiful as her basic attributes.

At work that day, things were the same as the previous day.  Meetings, breakout
discussions and more meetings were the daily fare.  During the meetings that Mr.
Stanton attended I felt him looking at me a number of times.  The few times that
I meet his gaze, he would just smile and give a slight nod of his head towards
me. 

Later that afternoon with everything basically concluded, Mr. Stanton led us on
a tour of the plant.  'This is the models room', he said as he opened a door and
turned on the light.  The room was filled with four vanities and cubicle-like
changing stations.  'Through that door is where we do most of our shoots.'  We
walked on and entered the room.  It was dark except for one spotlight that was
centered on a stool in front of a trio of reflective white screens.

'My dear', Mr. Stanton began.  'Lucinda and I have been discussing your
situation and I think its time that we all had a little chat.'  My face
reddened, but before I could say anything he continued, 'I told you that my
Thatcher and I would like to be able to help you find someone that could match
your, ahhh... exuberance for life and help you in enjoying it to its fullest
extent.  Lucinda and I, have come up with the same person... separately I would
add, that we think may meet with your approval.'  My eyes widened at this
statement.  'We would like you to meet him, my dear...'

I cut him off before he could finish his sentence.  'I would love to meet him',
I stammered.  'Just tell me where... and when....' This time I was cut off. 
'How about here and now', a voice said from the darkness at the back of the
room.  I shaded my eyes and peered into the gloom.  I couldn't make out anything
because of the glare of the spotlight.  I started to walk forward and the voice
chuckled, 'No, no, no, my dear.  Do not step forward.  I am to be the master
here, so I must first 'approve of you'.  Upon completion of that condition, we
will have our first.... meeting.  If you enjoy that encounter you can than
'approve of me', if you don't well than you can tell me to go to... to get
lost.'

'I'm not sure that I like this arrangement', I said getting my back up.  He
chuckled again, 'I wouldn't like it either.  But my two friends here have tried
to set me up before and to say that each of their previous attempts was a
disaster would be putting it kindly.'  Mr. Stanton and Lucinda looked
uncomfortably at each other and refused to meet my gaze.  'Both of them say that
your special.  In fact the gentlemen has stated that you're my perfect
counter-part and the lady has referred to you as my 'soul-mate'.  Hefty praise
coming from these two, my dear, but we will have to see.'  He paused.  I waited
for him to continue.  Looking into the darkness all I could tell about him was
that he had a nice warm voice.

'The question, my dear is do you trust these two?', he asked.  I looked at them
and they now met my gaze.  Lucinda even nodded her head.  'Yes', I answered.  'I
trust them'.  He chuckled once more.  'Boy you are young and naive, aren't
you?', he said off-handily.  I glared into the darkness and responded sharply,
'Perhaps I am.  But, I can tell you right now your not wining any points with me
by degrading me or my friends.'  The son-of-a-bitch had the audacity to clap at
my angry statements.  He stopped quickly as he saw my face redden and I was just
about to let him have it again.  'No, no.  Don't be angry.  Truly, I applaud
you.'  He paused.  'I apologize but that was part of my testing process.'  My
questioning looks probably made more sense than any questions that I could have
formed at the moment.  'You passed admirably, by the way.  A woman with no
spirit, regardless of how wonderful she is at... in the sack, is basically
useless, as far as I am concerned.'  By this point I was as confused as I could
get, or so I thought.

'The second part of my testing may be even more repugnant to you than the first
part', he said in his warm deep voice.  'Now I would like to see how well you
respond to a master.  So I'll ask, you again, do you trust Lucinda and Arch?' 
Silence followed.  Lucinda nodded again, but I could see that something had
bothered Mr. Stanton. 'Yes', I answered simply.

'Good, then by proxy, you must also trust me', he informed.  'You see now I will
ask you to do certain things and I wish to see how you respond to them.  Is this
agreeable to you?'  He had a good voice; I'll say that much for him.  Different
than Mr. Thatcher's, it generated that same type of concern and oneness that
made you feel good... like you really mattered.  'I don't understand', I
answered.  'Why can't we just sit down and talk and find out if we fit together
or not?'

'Blame it on your friends. Unfortunately for you, the earlier blind dates these
two have tried to foist off on me have been less then wonderful.  One young
lady, whom good 'ol Arch set me up with, stalked me for three months when I told
her it wasn't going to work out.'  He explained with that rye chuckle of his. 
Mr. Stanton looked madder about what the stranger was saying, than upset by his
mistake.  I wondered why, but I was more concerned with what he was telling me. 
'Time is a wasting, Sharon.  Are you willing to take my orders, or not?'

'Answer me two questions', I responded.  'And then I will agree.  First, when do
I get to grade your performance and second, what is your first name'.  More of
his warm laugh greeted my ears.  'Boy, oh boy you do have a lot of spirit.  I
think that I am beginning to like you already.'  He said this so warmly... as if
he had known me all my life... that it gave me shivers up my back.  'OK', he
answered.  'That's reasonable.  First.  You are obviously a smart lady, so I
have no doubts that you are already 'measuring my performance'.  Second.  My
name is Gregory.  Greg to my friends... but, for now, you can call me master.'

I smiled in the direction of his voice and really hammed it up.  'What wish or
desire can I fulfill for you first, master', I said huskily.  Silence followed
and my smile faded.  'Is that the tone of voice that you would normally address
your master in or is that the tone of voice that you think that I would like to
be addressed in?'  Damn, playing games with him didn't seem like such a smart
thing at the moment.  All I could do was tell him the truth.  'It's the tone I
would use if you had had a hard day and I was trying to make you feel better. 
To play with you.'  He was quiet for a few seconds. 'Fair enough', he finally
responded.  But for the time being lets just kept it simple and straightforward. 
Yes, master or No, master will suffice.'

'Yes, master', I replied softly.  I thought I saw a little bit of movement in
the darkness, but I wasn't sure.  'Remove your jacket'.  As I undid the buttons,
Lucinda moved behind me to take the coat as it became free.  'Turn to your left,
so that I can see your profile'.  I did so and stood still, my chest jutting
proudly forward.  'Turn back toward me and knell, as you would before your
master', the voice commanded me.  I quickly knelt upon the hard wood floor
trying to imitate, what I had seen Ann do on the cover of the video, Bondage
101.  Keeping my knees together, I rested my butt on my heels while keeping my
back as straight as possible.  Unlike Ann though, who looked up adoringly at her
master, I looked down demurely at my folded hands, atop my knees.  He left me
like that for about a minute.  'You may stand now', he ordered.  After I had
complied he added, 'Place your hands behind your back and help Arch slide the
leather sleeve he is holding over your arms.'  I looked behind me.  Mr. Stanton
was holding a narrow black leather funnel like item.  I had only seen them in
the catalog and didn't know what to do.  Lucinda's soft voice whispered
instructions, which allowed me to slid into the partially opened sleeve.   My
arms went in until they were almost shoulder deep.  Mr. Stanton then pushed my
arms towards each other above my leather-covered elbows, while Lucinda zippered
the leather triangle tightly shut.  My arms were pulled tighter and tighter
together, just like Mr. Thatcher's hog-tie.  I grimaced as the zipper reached
the top of the sleeve, but otherwise I accepted my incarceration quietly. 
Straps from the arm binder were taken from under my arms, criss-crossed below my
throat, passed over each shoulder and buckled in the rear.  Ostensibly they were
there so that I couldn't shrug my way out of the tight leather binding my arms. 
'Spread your legs', the deep voice commanded.  Lucinda was already kneeling
besides my leg attaching a leather restraint around my left ankle.  Mr. Stanton
joined in, attaching a matching cuff to my right ankle.  He then used a small
metal spreader bar to separate my ankles by a little over a foot.

The sensation of being made helpless in front of an unknown stranger was
beginning to warm my loins.  I shifted my arms within the sleeve as much as I
could and waggled my leather-sheathed hands back and forth.  I ate up the
sensation of the soft leather against my skin and the immobility of my booted
feet.  I was totally at the mercy of these three people.  Two of which, despite
the trails they had put me through, I now considered friends.  There is
something about the sharing of this intimate sexual sensations that help bind me
to each of them.  My breathing had become more shallow and quicker.  Looking
down as the last small pad lock was attached to the spreader bar, I saw
something that made me blush brightly.  My nipples had hardened as my excitement
increased and were now pushing out through the thin black fabric like miniature
missiles.  I prayed that he wouldn't notice.

Next Mr. Stanton placed a blindfold apparatus in front of my eyes.  He gave me a
few seconds to look at it, but soon buckled it in place.  The stranger was
taking no chances.  Sometimes the satin sleep masks would shift and need to be
reset into the proper position.  This item was made of leather, with foam
padding around the eyes.  The black leather was cut so that it resembled large
wrap around aviator glasses.  With it installed tightly about my head, I had
little doubt that there would be no chance of me seeing anything my principles
did not want me to see.

I heard someone walk onto the hard wood floor.  I wanted to tilt my head toward
the sound, but I remained standing bound with my head straightforward.  I felt
him walk around me, looking me over... examining me.  It was like being a slave
at auction... and somehow this thrilled me.   'Ohhhhhh', I jumped in surprise as
he flicked one fingertip against my traitorous nipple.  He then cupped both of
my breasts with large strong hands and gently kneaded them.  'Hhhhhmmmmm', I
moaned letting my head fall backwards in ecstasy.  All to soon his hands left my
breasts and caressed their ways down my sides.  Inwards at my taut waist and
back out again over my wool clad hips.   His hand slid further back to my rear
end, where he smoothly and gently let his fingers massage my 'starved for
attention' cheeks.  'Yeesssssss', I hissed in delight.  He pulled me forward so
that his crotch could rub against mine and for the first time I could feel that
he was as excited as I.  One of his hands left my buttocks and slid down below
my skirt.  I gasped as his fingers expertly came in contact with my damp satin
panties.  Gently he caressed me through the soft silky fabric.  I could feel his
fingertips softly pushing down my curly hair until he just barely touched my
mound.  'Ohhhh, Goddddd', I groaned.  He could have thrown me down on the hard
wood and taken me right in front of Lucinda and Mr. Stanton and I wouldn't have
cared!

'Haaarrrrmmpphhh', Mr. Stanton cleared his throat.  'I think that if you two
want to explore this part of a relationship any further, that you should get a
room!'  He paused, then added, 'Have you any other questions that you wish to
ask the young lady or are you done with her for now... sir?'  In my hazed sexual
stupor, I barely realized that he had spoken.  The stranger though reacted as if
an order had been given and he pulled himself, all too quickly, away from me.

I could hear him also breathing heavily and he seemed to take a few minutes
before he continued his questioning.  '

'You are certainly a beauty' he said making me blush.  'You seem like a very
normal young lady... and I can't remember seeing a woman generate more heat than
you.'  I am sure that my cheeks were cherry red.  'It would seem to me that I
would be a fool, not to pursue this relationship...' He paused.  'I have but one
more question....'

'Do you really want to be a slave?', he asked gently.  I wanted to just say yes,
to his warm sexy voice, but instead I replied softly, 'I want to be a male
masters submissive female partner'.  I emphasized the word partner.

'Ms. Grant, Mr. Stanton', he called.  'Are you both in agreement that Sharon and
I should attempt this partnership.'  I waited expectantly, but heard no sound. 
'Don't worry', his warm voice told me, 'There both nodding, yes'.  Mr. Stanton
cleared his throat again and said, 'Yes, I am all for it as long as you take
your pairing out from under my roof.'  Lucinda laughed.  'That's an excellent
idea.  Sharon, why don't you and your mystery man here use the cottage for the
evening?  Mr. Stanton has graciously offered me the use of one of his guest
rooms for the night.  Is that acceptable to the both of you.'

Before I could say YES!!!, the stranger was already talking. 

'I am agreeable', he said strongly.  'But, you dear Sharon, must also agree to
my conditions.'  He paused.  I tilted my head towards the sound of his voice and
hung on his every word.  'I have been told that you have a self-bondage routine
that you impose upon yourself.  Is this true?' he asked.  I felt myself blush
further as I nodded my head and answered, 'Yes, master'.  He paced for a second
in front of me.  'During this game of yours I understand that once you have
bound and gagged yourself, you fantasize that your imaginary lover comes to you. 
Is this true?'  I felt my face burn redder.  I hung my head and said miserably,
'Yes, master'.  He paced for a few seconds again, and then stopped.  'Do you
trust me... really trust me', he asked.  I looked blindly in the direction of
his voice and replied equally softly, 'Yes...yes, I think that I do.' 

He chuckled at my reply and did a fair to middling Bogart impression, saying,
'My dear I think this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship.'  He laughed
and I laughed with him.  'I want you to go back to the cottage and set yourself
up for your fantasy lover.  If we are both lucky I will be able to fit the bill. 
If not, at the very least, I guarantee you an interesting evening.  What do you
say my soon-to-be slave girl?'

Smiling I replied quickly, 'Just tell me what time, oh master'.  He laughed and
walked away from me.  From a distance he called, 'Seven-thirty, my dear girl. 
Seven-thirty.'

I blinked my eyes as the blindfold was removed.  Soon I was free of all
restraints.  Both Lucinda and Mr. Stanton refused to answer any of my questions
about the mysterious stranger.  Finally Mr. Stanton rewarded my persistence with
this nebulous response. 'I think this way will be the best for everyone
concerned.'  I bridled at such an answer and countered it by requesting, 'At
least tell me if I was wearing the blindfold because he is hideous looking, or
something terrible like that.'  Lucinda snorted at my comment.  'Sharon, you
should know that we wouldn't pair such a cute creature as yourself with anything
so cruel', she admonished me.  Then she put her arm around an uncomfortable
looking Mr. Stanton and said, 'No, she doesn't have to worry about that at all,
does she... Arch'.  Mr. Stanton cleared his throat and said, 'Aahhhh, no, of
course not'.

'It is five o'clock now, my dear', Lucinda remarked.  'Why don't you take off
and prepare for you big evening.'  I blushed once again; because she knew
exactly what preparations I intended to take.  Then she did something that
really surprised me.  She reached over and pulled me towards her, giving me a
hug.  'Good luck', she whispered in my ear.  'Oh, and one last bit of advice. 
Don't put on the 'stimulator'... I don't think you will be needing it tonight!' 
I blushed redder, hugged her back quickly and ran for the door.

The drive to the cottage seamed to take forever.  Once inside I found myself
running around from one place to another like a spinning top.  The excitement
was almost too much to bear.  I was breathing so hard that I could feel my heart
pounding against my chest.  My stomach was in knots.  I had to do something to
calm down.  Running through my normal evening routine was the only thing that I
could think of.

I quickly stripped off my 'slave auction' clothes, as I had come to think of
them.  Putting on my spandex workout suit I went through three quarters of an
hour of my normal aerobic exercises.  I followed this with a steaming shower and
soon felt better.  Looking at the clock I could see that it was already
six-thirty.  My breathing quickened immediately and the knots in my stomach
returned.  The thought that I was finally going to meet my 'imaginary lover' was
making me feel faint.  My heart pounded so hard that I thought I would have a
heart attack.

Trotting naked into the kitchen I poured myself a good portion of white wine,
and took a healthy swallow.  Then walked back into my bedroom.  At Lucinda's
behest I had cleaned up everything in the morning.  I pulled off the quilt
bedspread and folded it neatly into the corner.  Then I attached the nylon
restraints to each of the four posts of the bed.  I laid the gag and sleep mask
down on the soft flannel sheets.

Quarter to seven, my heart pounded.  I took another large swallow of wine.  I
did not want to get drunk or even tipsy, but I knew that wine mellowed me out. 
Already I could feel its warm glow spreading through me.  My breathing slowed a
little and the knots in my stomach receded some.  I laid out my sexy bustier
outfit on top of the dresser, everything from hose to frilly gloves.  Then I
re-applied my make up.  Brushing out my auburn hair I let it fall loosely about
my shoulders.

I slipped into the baby blue bustier.  After the read corset it no longer seemed
to fit into the 'tight' category, now I thought of it more as form fitting.  The
touch of the silky crotch less panties sliding up my thighs was heavenly.  I bit
my lip to keep my hands away form my flaming love orifice.  My hard nipples
showed clearly through the transparent material.  Another swallow of wine and
then I unrolled the powder blue stockings unto my shapely gams.  Their attendant
garters were fastened into place.  I flexed my toes and slid into my soft yummy
black leather slippers.  The frilly gloves went on last.

I walked over to the mirror on the back of the bedroom door and check my outfit. 
Smoothing a little here and tugging a little there, minor changes a most. 
Satisfied I finished my wine and took the glass into the bathroom.  I rinsed it
out and set it besides the sink.  Not wanting to smell of the sweet grape, I
brushed my teeth and gargled with some Scope.  Snapping my fingers I ran back to
the dresser and retrieved my White Shoulders from the top draw.  I had almost
forgotten it!  A couple dabs behind my ears, between my breasts and even down
near my lately ever-hot furnace.  All the places I would love to see him nuzzle!

It was ten after, definitely time to apply my restraints and other accessories. 
Being well versed now, in the proper procedures I had little trouble connecting
my widely spread ankles to their respective posts.  I opened my mouth wide and
accepted the hard rubber ball.  I had thought of using the soft beanbag gag, but
had decided against it.  My coffee colored lips stretched tautly around the
bright yellow ball, was a much more sexy site.  I bound my left wrist into its
nylon cuff and then slid the black satin mask over my eyes. 

I laid my right wrist into the final restraint, but found myself hesitating.  If
I bind my last wrist correctly, there would be no way out.  I would be putting
myself totally at the mercy of a man I don't even know!  The dice I had been
rolling lately had all been coming up as winners, I thought to myself.  Not once
had craps been the result of my risk taking.  Starting with my current job,
which quickly got my mind off of what his name.  Then trying out bondage and
finding that I really liked it.  And now just over the last few days, each of my
successive bondage encounters had turned out wonderfully....  Well, the whipping
ended up wonderfully, because I gained a true friend.

One more throw of the dice.  I grasped the cuff with my fingers and expertly
wrapped it about my wrist.  I made no attempt to leave it at all loose and a few
pulls against the restraint showed that it was securely fastened.  I tested all
of my bonds, now.  What a terrible thing that would be if after all of my hard
work and gut wrenching one of the bindings would fail!  Fortunately they were
all tightly intact.

There isn't too much that you can do to make yourself look sexier, when you are
tied spread eagle upon a bed.  But, I did my best.  Flattening my back, arching
my breasts and pelvis upwards.  I straightened my legs and arms as much as
possible.  Lastly I just lay back and relaxed. 

Oh, shit.  How is he going to get in!  I had locked the door on my way in as I
always do.  Damn it, I should have thought about that.  I'll be lying her all
night long waiting for him to come and he'll be locked out!  Great, another
night of sexual frustration!

Without warning I felt my slipper being lifted off my right foot.  Strong hands
began to massage my sole and heel areas.  'Hmmmmm', I murmured around the gag. 
This was heavenly.  His hands slid over the soft stocking and took up residence
about my toes and toe pad.  He flexed my toes and rubbed the pad just at the
right places.  If it weren't for the gag, I would have bitten my lip to keep
myself from crying out in delight.  A young lady must appear demure and chaste
even in the most intense circumstances.  Of course at the moment I was a bound
and gagged slave so I yelled without abandon, 'Yesssss... Yesssss... Ohhhhh....
Yeesssss'.  Finishing on my right foot, he chuckled at the sound emitting from
my gag as he replaced my leather slipper.  I flexed my sated foot sensuously in
the soft slipper, loving the feel of the warm leather against my skin.  'Oh, so
you like these slippers, do you?', he remarked observantly.  I nodded my head
and flexed my foot once again.  'Well, then such a pretty covering on such a
lovely appendage should be rewarded', he warmly announced as his hands once
again took up their ministrations.  He pressed the soft leather against my flesh
as he kneaded my heel, sole and finally toes.  'Aaarrrrggggghhhh', I groaned
delightedly.  What he was doing to me was so wonderful, so sensuously sweet,
so.... It was almost as good as sex! 

He moved on to my left foot.  As he lifted off the slipper he gave me a little
tickle with the tips of his fingers against my captive sole.  I jumped a bit
surprised and wiggled my foot in its restraint.  I began to tense wondering if
this was a prelude to some type of tickling session.  'Relax Princess', his warm
voice said soothingly as his dexterous fingers worked over my loving left ped. 
'I figured you could use a good massage after all you've been through this week. 
Especially your poor abused feet.  After Da.... Arch, told me what he had done
with you.'  I couldn't see him, but I had the feeling he was shaking his head. 
'Those two should have taken it easier on such a neophyte.  But, knowing them,
once they get into their one up-man ship mode... well you ended up taking the
brunt of their ego's.'  I listened to the concern in his voice and wanted to
both reassure him and clear names of the two gentlemen.  'It wasn't that bad', I
mumbled through the thick yellow ball.  'I even liked most of it.'  He laughed,
and said, 'I'm glad that you feel that way, but what Da. Arch did wasn't even
remotely fair.  Making you stand in six and a half inch heels, in a pair of
pumps that generally run tight, must have been hell.'  Damn it, I knew it. 
Those bloody heels were a half size to small!  His wondrous fingers made me
forget all about it though as he removed every little kink from my grateful ped. 
Replacing the slipper he once again rubbed my foot and if anything it was even
better than the first time.

Strong hands moved up and around my ankle. Caressing the smooth nylon as they
flowed over my restraining cuff.  The tips of firm fingers plowed furrows in my
skin, up and down the sides of my calf.  'Besides being a delight to look at,
your legs are in excellent shape', he commented.  'There is something about a
shapely female leg graced by pretty hosiery that is extremely sexy', he
continued warmly.  With one hand he gently pulled on and let snap back one of
the taut garters holding up my stockings. 'These of course are the icing on the
cake.'  He resumed his massage of my left calf and just when I thought I
couldn't stand any more he moved his attentions over to my right leg.  'Ohhhh,
Goddddd', I moaned dreamily.  All of the anxieties and tenseness that had
earlier filled me, dissolved into nothing.  Warmth spread through my body.  His
expert manipulations, the glass of wine and the 'freedom' of being bound
helplessly left me more relaxed then I had ever felt before.  I didn't have to
worry about responding to his caresses, because I could not.  Everything was in
his hands.... and they were warm, tender and inviting. 

'If my hands were free, I would applaud your wondrous legs', he said with that
rye chuckle that I was quickly thinking of as his trademark.  'They seem to go
on forever and they are.... perfect!'  I stirred languidly from my mellow funk. 
'Thank aerobics', I said into my mouth-filling gag.  His hands had moved up over
my knee and were kneading the fleshy part of my thighs.  The muscles were
tightly stretched there, because of my widely spread ankles.  'Actually, I
prefer to thank you', he remarked non-chalantly.  'Aerobics may be the exercise
that made your legs look this good, but you are the one who should be proud of
your achievement.'  My fogged mind registered something as out of place, but I
couldn't quite place it.  Then it hit me!  He was responding to everything that
I was saying.  How could this be?  Even knowing what I had said, my ears
couldn't make sense out of the inconsistent sounds that made it through the gag. 
'What are you telepathic', I demanded into the yellow ball.  His laugh resounded
in the room, 'Nooo.  Of course I'm not telepathic.  I am just unusually good at
understanding gag-speak.'  What the heck was he talking about?  'What's that', I
asked.  He stopped his massaging of my right thigh. I could feel his weight
shift on the bed between my legs.  'This will never do', he said in a mock angry
tone.  'You getting all tense again and over nothing. If you kept this up I am
going to have to replace your ball gag with a penis gag, because not even I can
understand a women when she has her throat full of rubber cock.'  His hands
again found my legs, now with one on each thigh.  He started running his hard
fists up and down my inner thighs, working specifically on the tensed muscles
that joined at my crotch.  'Ohhhh, yessss', I murmured as his dug furrows up and
over my blue stockings and then upwards across my naked inner thighs.  'Please,
Please...', I moaned.  I so wanted him to put his hands to work on my love
mound.  'That's it just relax, Princess', he said softly.  'And just to ease
your mind of all of those questions you were so anxious to ask about, don't
worry.  Unless something drastic happens, I firmly believe we will have a long
night together and I promise there will be plenty of time to ask anything you
want.'  His hands were dangerously near my love mound now.  He had changed his
manipulations so that he was now using the tips of his powerful digits and every
once and a while they would brush against the lace trim of my baby blue crotch
less panties.

'I must apologize though', he said warmly.  'Because I am the one leading you
into trouble.'  He paused and I wondered what he was referring to.  'All of my
gabbing has of course made you wonder about different things', he continued. 
'So now I will make you a promise to remedy the situation', he breathed in a
very sexy tone.  'From now on, no more unnecessary words.  I promise to let my
hands, lips and perhaps just one other part of my anatomy do my talking for me.' 
I smiled to myself, as there could be nothing more pleasing to me.

True to his word his powerful hands began to work their magic.  'Ohhhh
yyyyeessss', I groaned as his attention shifted to my pelvic region.  He did not
go directly for my love mound, but instead loving massaged all around it.  His
hands slowed their movements and then softly I felt his first kiss against my
inner thigh.  Warm juicy kisses rained upon my appreciative upper legs.  With
his teeth he would pull playfully at the top of a stocking or garter belt
whenever they seemed to get between his hungry lips and me. 

'Aaaarrrrggghhh', I screamed as I strained against my bonds.  The bed creaked as
I used all of the strength in my body to free my arms.  I had to get free.  I
had to be able to grab his head and plug into my love canal.  I moaned in
disgust as the tough nylon and tight cuffs remained secure, despite my best
efforts.  Breast bondage was not torture.  Six inches heels were not torture. 
Even Lucinda's whipping was not torture.  This was torture.  Knowing that you
will climax, but not when your master will let you reach that peak.  'Oh God
help me.  Pleaaaasse, get between my legs', I screamed. 

Perhaps taking pity on me, he slowly worked his way up to my vagina.  His
fingers brushed aside the damp fabric of my panties and parted my burning lower
lips.  A warm skilled tongue darted in and went right to work on that most
sensitive little mound of flesh.  Back and forth he lashed me.  Each stroke
driving me further and further into a sexual frenzy.  I was a volcano and I was
finally going to be allowed to blow. 

His tongue maintained its steady brisk strokes, pushing the little piece of
flesh between my legs up and down or side to side.  Every once in awhile he
would divert his attention to suck on one or the other of my lips.  I loved my
gag.  I knew if it weren't in my mouth right now I would have bitten through my
lip. 

Never, ever had I experienced anything this great.  I started to squirm as my
orgasm finally began to rumble to the surface.  'Nooooo.... Nooooo....', I
screamed into the gag as he levered himself upright and his tongue left my
aching pussy.  'Pleaaaassseee... Pleeeaaasse, let me cum', I wailed.  I felt him
getting off the bed and now I was desperate.  I again struggled fruitlessly
against my restraints.  'Aaannnnnything... Annnyyything... I'll do anything you
want.  Pleeeaasse', I begged shamelessly.

'Now, now dear slave', he said soothingly.  'Only I can decide when it is time
for you to achieve orgasm and you need to learn that'.  I could feel his tugs
and pulls against the restraints at my right ankle and then it was free.  The
cuff was still on my ankle, but the nylon strap must have been released from the
pole.  'Besides', he continued warmly, 'you really didn't want your first orgasm
as a slave to be so mundane... did you?'  As my left leg was freed I kicked them
both up and down on the bed in anger and frustration.  'Mundane', I screamed
into my gag.  'You call that mundane?'  Now his rye chuckle made me angry. 
'Princess, calm down and quit acting like a kid', he said sternly.  'I am not
like anyone you have ever known, so you can either trust me or you can take a
hike.  Which will it be.' 

It was like getting hit with a pail of cold water.  He was right I was acting
like a spoiled brat, wanting to get my way.  Here I am playing the submissive
and yet I still wasn't willing to give up control.  I stopped my kicking and
said, 'Sooorrryyy', into my heavy rubber mouth covering.  He patted my leg and
continued warmly, 'That's better, because I think you are going to really like
this part.'  Holding my legs together he lifted them up into the air, from my
left side.  As he came the point where they were straight up toward the ceiling,
he asked me, 'Can you hold you legs like that for a moment.'  I nodded my head,
yes and I felt him let go.  In a couple of seconds I could feel a slight tug
against the cuff on my left ankle.  I heard him move to the other side of the
bed where I felt a similar jerk against my right ankle restraint.  I shifted my
legs slightly forward and realized that they were now tethered somewhere behind
me.

Slowly, my right leg was pulled from its right angle (90 degree) position. Not
straight backwards, but rather towards the corner post.  110 degrees, 120
degrees, finally at 130 degrees he stopped.  If he was trying to fold me in
half, he was succeeding admirably.  It was very difficult to kept my left leg
straight, with my right pulled back so awkwardly.  I didn't have to worry for
long as he quickly 'helped' me out.  My left leg was the next to be dragged back
towards its appropriate post.  In fact I think he went even a little further
with this leg than he had with the other.  Apparently he also thought so. 
Moving back to my right leg he adjusted it just a tad tighter, making them even.

'Straighten your legs', he admonished me.  My legs had buckled at the knee
during this process.  I tried to do what he asked, but I met with no success. 
Laying flat on the bed with my legs spread this widely was taxing.  To
straighten my legs while in this position seamed impossible!  'Arch your feet
like a ballet dancer so your toes point towards the wall and not the mattress.' 
I did so and found that this did help me to meet my goal, but I wasn't quite
there yet.  'Now, slide your butt forward and tilt your pelvis upwards', he
instructed me.  Sure enough, I felt my knees lose their flex and my legs
straighten into position.  I was a little startled when I felt my toes touch
something.  With a little wiggling of each foot I was able to identify the
object as the posts to which they were attached! 

'Thank you', I said sincerely around my gag.  I wouldn't say that I was
comfortable, but his helpful advice made sure that it wasn't torturous either. 
'I call the position that you are now in the 'back-breaker'', he informed me. 
'Being as you now have first hand knowledge of this position, I am sure that you
can see the accuracy of the name.'  I felt a rope passed under my waist and
cinched tightly over my diaphragm.  'Even though you are in good shape, you will
not be able to maintain that position for long, so I am working up a little prop
to help you out,' He informed me as he slid a rope about my stomach.  Twisting
the rope he made sure the knot was below the center of my back.  The rope
trailing from the knot was pulled under my rear end toward the foot of the bed. 
'There are two ropes coming from the one wrapped to your waist.  What I am doing
is tying off each of them to the corner posts at the foot of the bed.'  I felt
first a tug towards the right and then one back towards the left.  The rope over
my waist dug tightly into the baby blue nylon mesh covering my diaphragm.  The
pressure reminded me of my previous experience with my new corset.  Everything
he said though was true.  Regardless of the ropes slight discomfort, the strain
on my back arms and legs was largely reduced.

I heard a rustling of material and then felt him 'walk' on his knees up the
center of the bed.  If someone had painted a bulls-eye directly over my cunt, it
could not have been any more the center of attention than I am sure it was now. 
My legs formed a big wide V right to the heart of my heat.  Despite everything
else, all I could think of was now he had to let me cum.  There is nothing that
he could possibly do that could make me more helplessly available to whatever he
desired.

He laid a hand on each widely spread leg just above the knee and stroked me
slowly downward.  Caressingly his hands followed the trail of my powder blue
stockings towards my exposed sex.  Agonizingly they parted around my mound, like
Moses parting the waters.  I squeezed my eyes closed beneath my satin mask and
stifled a cry of frustration.  He kneaded my twin cheeks and casually let his
fingers stray towards my burning bush, every now and again.  Finally his digits
found there way back to my clit and I felt him part my lips.  Please, God let
him eat me again, I prayed.

I was justly rewarded as his lips began to kiss my legs from one nylon-sheathed
knee to the other.  His kisses worked there way downward, slowing at the lace
tops of my stockings.  He loved playing with my garter belts and teasing me as
he closed upon the area of my body that demanded attention.  Next his teeth
pulled at my split briefs.  I groaned in frustration.  It was so difficult
learning to be totally submissive to my new master.  I wanted to demand for him
to service me, but I knew that I could not.  He was in complete control and
through the agonizing wait I learned the beauty of my position.  When his lips
finally found my lower lips I almost cried in delight.  His experienced tongue
once again brought me to the edge of climaxing.   I went to scream as he stopped
his ministrations, when....

Something heavy was placed against the opening to my love canal.  Whaaattt....
my thought was interrupted as I felt his firm thick manhood drive into me. 
'Oooooffffffff', I gasped as the air was pushed form my body.  I had been hot
for so long there was no problem with lubrication and with one swift piercing
stroke he had embedded his weapon to the hilt.  I had never been probed so far
before.  I didn't know if this were do to the fact the he was exceptionally long
or because of the advantageous position he had bound me into.  All these
thoughts ran through my head, but all I could think of was... Thank you lord! 
He began deep penetrating inward and outward strokes as he gave one of his
chuckles, 'You really don't have to call me lord, my dear, and master will do
just fine'.  I hadn't realized that I had said it out loud, but right now I
couldn't careless. 

His hefty member plunged downward and than slowly was drawn backwards until only
the head of his cock remained within me.  I gasped each time that he buried
himself into me.  Oh, god it felt sooooo good.  His hard rod was touching places
within me that had never been touched before.  But, it wasn't his length, size
or width that was the most outstanding part of his performance.... it was the
motion.  Slow measured strokes.  The way he would slowly bury himself within my
love canal and than stop for a second or two.  He would somehow cause his
ever-hardening member to twist within me and then he would begin his equally
slow withdrawal.  At the apex of his movements, when only a small portion of him
was inside my burning lips, he would perform his little twisting act again. 
Shivers ran up and down my body when he did this, as he was rubbing right up
against that tender little g-spot of mine.

I was burning up with sexual heat and abandon.  In fact I found it amazing that
I had not cum yet.  Those slow beautiful strokes of his didn't force an early
explosion, but rather allowed the incredible fire within me to become even
hotter.  The pressure that was building within me was so intense it was almost
painful.  At one point I thought that I might even faint.  I had to work hard to
breathe as deeply as possible through my nose to get enough air to keep me
going.  Again I thanked my bonds, because I knew that if I wasn't bound in such
away that I couldn't move... I would have been humping my pelvis against him
until I came.  If I had done that or if I had been with another man, especially
what his name, and I was this hot I would have come long ago.  Then I would
never have experienced this excruciating ecstasy.

I could feel it coming closer and closer to the surface.  There was a rumbling
within me that reminded me of an oil well before it blows.  His steady piston
like strokes just kept on fueling the fire.  Yes, hotter... hotter.... hotter,
with each impaling pass.  'Oh, yes.... yeessss ... yeeeessssss!!!.  I bit down
hard on the firm rubber ball and began to lose conscious thought.   'Oh my
God... Oh my God, ....Ohhhh mmyyy GOD!', I moaned and finally screamed as the
tidal wave crested and swept over me. 

The relief and pleasure were so intense that, once again, I almost passed out. 
Only the fact that Greg began to quicken his strokes, which threw a new
stimulation into me kept me going.  Oh, yes, it was just so good.  The waves of
pleasures just continued to roll over me.  One after another, after another.  At
first I strained at my bonds, my whole body tensing to the massive explosion
that passed over me.  With each successive wave the intense pressure,
transformed into warm pleasure.  'Aaaahhhhhhhhh', I finally sighed in
contentment as my orgasms waned.

Just because I was done, though didn't mean that my master was finished with me. 
He continued to pump in and out of me.  In and out he plunged, as if he could do
this forever.  With my climax completed I now became more aware of my
restrictive position.  The rope biting into my stomach and the nylon restraints
that held me bent over nearly in half became the prevalent things in my
thoughts.  My back ached.  My arms and especially my legs were strained beyond
belief. 

Maybe he was telepathic....  When I was nearly at the point of feeling extremely
uncomfortable, he reached forward between my spread legs and began to fondle my
breasts.  Over the course of the past few days, they had become very sensitive. 
His soft gentle movements began to re-kindle the fire within me.  Kneading both
breasts, he pushed and pulled at the covering material until my nipples were
free.  Together he twirled both of them between his thumb and forefinger.

'Ohhhhh, yes', I groaned in delight.  During this entire time he had continued
to pump me with pure pelvic strength.  His strokes had reduced in length, but
had picked up quite a bit of speed. In fact he was now pounding into me like a
trip-hammer.  Unbelievably, his wondrous actions were actually bringing me back
to the point of climax.  Higher and higher I climbed....  'Ooooowwww', I cried
into my gag.  Both of his powerful hands had pinched the tips of my defenseless
nipples, simultaneously.  The pain / pleasure response flew down into my cunny
like a bolt of lightening.

Boom.  A new and incredible orgasm, washed through me.  Within seconds I heard
him grunting and his breathing become heavy.  He plunged his tensing cock to the
hilt as he exploded into me.  The force of his cum was so heavy and so strong
that I could actually feel it striking my soft inner walls.  He soon joined me
in cries of ecstasy.  'Oh, yeah', he cried out, 'Squeeze me tight and drain me
good...  Wwwwoooooeeeee'.  Doing my best in my awkward position, I used my
pelvic muscles to clamp down on his pulsating rod as hard as I could.  'Oh,
yeah', he cried out again, 'that's great... just keep that up for just a little
while more.'  He continued to pump more and more of his hot creamy fluids into
me. 

Finally, he gave one of his rye chuckles and seemed to be finished.  He went to
pull out of me, but stopped as he felt my pelvic muscles clamp on him even
tighter then before.  'No yet', I cried into my gag.  'Don't leave me, yet. 
Hold me.... please master.'  He didn't try to pull out and soon I felt him
gently caressing the insides of my legs.  Not in a sexy fashion, but more in a
gentle and caring way.  'I can't think of a good way to hold you in this
position, Princess', he said to me gently.  'When your free though I promise
that you can have all of the cuddingly you take.  In fact, I should warn you I
am a world class cuddlier.' 

He laughed and I laughed into my gag.  I let him loose and basked in that warm
after sex feeling, while he undid my bindings.  The rope went first.  Then my
ankles were released from their cuffs and my legs were again allowed to lie on
the bed.  My gag was removed next.  As I worked my jaw, the restraints were
removed from my wrists.  He did not remove the black satin mask.




Leather & Lace
Chapter 7 - Mystery Man Revealed
By the White Knight

 'OK, Princess', he said warmly.  'You can take off the blindfold and find out
who your mystery lover really is.'  Blinking my eyes as I adjusted to the
brightness of the room's lights, I focused on my not-so imaginary lover.  Dark
hair, blue eyes, warm smile, large frame and a good build... 'Jeeezzzz, you look
awfully familiar... don't I know you from somewhere', I asked him.  He showed
more nice white teeth and replied, 'Try from someone, Princess'.

'From someone...', I repeated mystified.  Then I thought back to when he was
talking to me earlier.  Each time he would talk about Mr. Stanton, he started
saying, 'D' or 'Da' something.  I smiled at him.  His build and rugged face of
course, 'Your Arch Stanton's son.  I can't believe it he set me up with his own
son!'  My face turned serious as another thought popped into my head, 'But, how
can you be his son.  Lucinda told me he married late in life and was married to
a woman fifteen years younger them him?'

'Lucinda was talking about Cassy', he replied with a smile.  'She's my step-mom. 
My mom died in a car accident when I was twelve.'  His smile faded as he spoke. 
'Oh, God', I said as I reached out and took his hands in mine.  'I'm so sorry
for you.'  His face brightened as he said, 'It's all right Princess.  They say
time heals all wounds and I have found that to be generally true.  The only
remorse that I have now is that she won't be there to see her grand children
born.  But, enough of that depressing stuff.  You had a thousand questions to
ask me when you were gagged and I doubt the number has decreased, so why don't
you get them off your chest.'

At the mention of my chest, I realized that I was half out of my bustier top. 
With a grin I said, 'Not that I have to worry about modesty with you, but it
will make me feel better'.  I said as I stuffed my breasts back into their tight
cups.  Looking back up at him I asked quizzically, 'Why do you keep calling me
Princess.'?  He shrugged.  'Lucinda and dad told me quite a lot about you.  Good
background.  Well-to-do parents, etc.  So there was only two ways that I think
about you, either as 'RB' for rich bitch or 'Princess''.  He probably saw the
storm building on my face, because he quickly continued, 'don't get mad, Sharon,
I think of my self in the same way.' He chuckled although in my case it would be
rich bastard. Of course neither of us was born out of wedlock, or from another
woman outside of our parents marriages... the terms don't really technically
fit.  Also I am not a fan of vulgarity, so I have thought of you as 'Princess'
for the last few days.  I came to like the way it sounded in my head and then
when I met you earlier today... Well, it just seemed to fit.'

How can you get angry at an explanation like that, I wondered as I shook my
head.  'All right I give', I said.  'Princess, is OK with me.  But, what does
that make you... the prince?'  He also shook his head and looked thoughtful, 'I
never thought about it in terms of myself'.  I snapped my fingers and said, 'My
Lord!'  He looked at me and said, 'Hhuuuunnnn'.  I continued quickly, 'When we
were making love earlier you said that I didn't have to call you lord, that I
should just call you master.  Well, if we decide to continue this relationship
and you insist on calling me Princess all of the time, I want to be able to
refer to you as my lord when were playing.  You know as in my lord and master.'

He laughed and looked me hard in the face.  'You are a breath of fresh air', he
said in a serious tone.  I started to expound on that thought, but he cut me
off, 'Do you mind telling me whatever you were going to say a little later', he
asked.  His hands had softly come up and cupped my face then slid further behind
the back of my head.  'There is something I would really like to do first....',
he breathed softly as our lips met.  Like his lovemaking our kiss started slow
and soft and then turned quickly to passionate and sensual.  He finally broke
the warm embrace, saying, 'I've wanted to do that since this afternoon.  Then,
just now when you were talking, I found that I couldn't kept my eyes off your
lips.'  It was my turn to smile and laugh.  'Hey, no worries.  I'm glad you
couldn't help yourself.'  I turned on a serious yet soft look and added, 'But I
really feel like you have me at a disadvantage....' I giggled.  'Even out of my
restraints.  Because you know quite a lot about me, but besides your being a
great lover I don't know anything about you.'

He got up off the bed and held out his hand to me.  'Come with me, Princess.'  I
took his hand and I let him help me off the bed.  He led me to another room off
of the family room, where I had started my bondage experiences.  Candles
flickered around the lip of a large whirlpool tub.  A bottle of champagne sat in
a silver bucket of ice, complete with two fluted crystal glasses.  'It's
beautiful' I gasped in delight.  'But, why do I get the feeling that I am not
the first woman who has ever received this kind of treatment from you?'

'On the contrary, Princess', he said softly as he gazed into my eyes.  'You' re
the first one that's ever made it this far.  I'm sorry if that sounds a bit
ominous, but its the truth.'  He picked up both of my hands and held them in his
own.  'What I going to tell you next is probably the most important thing I am
going to tell you tonight.  This is very important to me and if your don't agree
with what I am about to say, we might as well just call it a night.'  I didn't
dare breathe; all I could do was wait for him to tell me whatever was so
horrible a secret that it made him this serious. 

He eyes locked onto mine as he started his tale.  'I am twenty-seven years old. 
About two years ago I realized that I was sick of the singles scene.  I began to
hate the bars and the women in them, because they all seemed to be the same. 
One night, a weekend... maybe even a full week and then they and you were off to
find some other conquest.  The whole thing left me feeling empty.  It got to the
point that I would rather stay home alone in my apartment, then have to deal
with another empty encounter.  Don't get me wrong, my John Thomas ruled me as
much as any other man, so I didn't sequester myself entirely, I just realized
that I wanted more.  It didn't take me to long to figure out that what I was
looking for was what my mom and now my step-mom had with my dad.  A real
relationship with someone I could care about and who would care about me.'  He
paused shuffling his feet and looked down at the floor.

I touched my hand to the side of face with my fingertips, this startled him, but
he did not pull away.  'Are you trying to tell me that you want to get
married?', I asked him softly.  He nodded his head, yes.  'I don't understand
the problem.  Why are you so afraid to tell me this?'  Looking up at me he said
with a very serious look on his face, 'Let me put it more directly.  If your not
looking for a possible long term relationship.... you know, marriage, kids
commitments... then I think we should just call it an evening.'

'You've got to be kidding' I laughed.   His face-hardened and he looked deadly
serious.  'Greg, what you're describing is what I think of as every girls
dream', I said gently.  'Personally, that's pretty much what I am looking for...
just not with my parents as an example.  I want to find my other half, my
partner for life... someone who will excite me and whom I will be able to do the
same for.  I think were talking about the same thing.'  His face softened and he
nodded his head in agreement.  'I would love to know the kind of women you must
have been running into though, that would make you shy about mentioning the word
marriage?'  I said this with a laugh and really didn't expect an answer... at
least not at the moment.  With a smile, he said, 'Later.  Why don't we get in
the hot tub and get comfortable.  I have the feeling that were not going to be
going to bed for a while.'

We never did make it back to bed the night.  In the pool we talked and laughed
and shared our histories with one another.  He was correct his background was a
lot like my own.  Mr. Stanton had attended Yale University and was determined
that Greg do the same.  But, Greg didn't want to have anything to do with it. 
His attitude was I love you dad, but I have to go my own way.  'I ended up going
to UCLA', he told me.  'Mainly because it put distance between my loving family
and me.  I guess I just wanted to be my own man and when my mom and dad were
around they insisted on doing everything they could for me.'  Not knowing what
he wanted to study he mainly took business courses.  UCLA had a great film
program and he needed to fill up some electives so he tried his hand at it.  He
ended by majoring in business and taking a minor in filmmaking.

In his junior year he did a summer internship at a large accounting firm.  It
was OK, but in his senior year he did a stint with a small film company during
his summer months.  This was his calling and he knew it.  After school though he
found out there were thousands of other young people struggling along the same
path and the jobs available were few and far between.  He worked for free, for a
few months with one company.  Then he decided to take the road less traveled, as
he put it, when an out of the way opportunity presented itself.  'I went to work
for Harmony Communications, which is a company that produces bondage magazines
and videos.  It wasn't to hard to one up my competition when I told them what my
father produced and that I had been involved with bondage in one form or another
since I was thirteen.'  He saw my shocked expression and decided that that last
statement needed more of an explanation.

'Hold on Princess', he said soothingly.  'I didn't say I participated in it, at
least not then, I said I was involved in it.'  I was sure what he was saying,
but all I could think was, 'Wasn't that about when your mother died.'  I blurted
this out and then wished I hadn't.  He looked sad, and answered, 'Yes, just
about the same time.  That's when Cassy came into the picture.'  He paused to
get his thoughts together.  'You're step-mom', I prompted him.  He shook his
head and continued, 'at the time, I only thought of her as 'that bimbo'.  My mom
died in a car accident and dad, well he nearly broke down.  He put a good face
on for me, but soon he couldn't hide the fact that he was hitting the bottle. 
He stopped playing hoops with me, showing up at school events... everything was
just going into the shitter.  Then one day he came home drunk, with an arm
around Cassy for support.'

'They went into his and moms bedroom and closed the door.  I listened outside
the door for awhile and heard something that I hadn't heard for along time... I
heard my father laugh.  I was mad at my father for being with this woman, but on
the other hand I hoped that maybe this would break him out of his downward
spiral. 'Oh, she broke stopped his slide, but she also didn't leave.  The next
thing I knew she was moving in.' He paused shaking his head.  'Oh God, how I
hated her back then.  This beautiful young girl, about your age at the time, was
all of a sudden replacing my mom.  Despite her many attempts to reassure me by
telling me that she wasn't trying to take the place of my mother, I still hated
her.  Money chasing bimbo, was all I could think.'

'Reluctantly, I had to give her credit.  My father quit drinking excessively and
once again began to get involved in my life and help me through my own grief. 
At first, I tried to push him away because of Cassy.  But, I needed him as much
as he needed me.  He didn't try to justify Cassy, just simply stated that he
needed her.  I hated her even more.'  He sighed.  'That changed very quickly,
though, in a way I would never have thought of.  On my way to school one
morning, I passed by my father's bedroom door and heard sobbing.  I had earlier
heard the car pull out of the driveway, so I was sure my Dad had let for work. 
What then was going on?  I opened the door expecting to tell the silly bimbo to
shut up, but my jaw dropped open and no words would come out.  Cassy was
kneeling in the corner of the room, bound by her wrists to a heavy marble stand. 
The type you put an expensive Chinese vase on.  The vase had been removed and in
its place was to a large iron ring that her leather cuffed wrists were bound to. 
Her back and buttocks were a mess of pink and red weals.  The offending
instrument lay on the floor besides her.  I picked up the many bladed whip and
stared at it incredulously.  Only her sobbing brought me back to reality.  As I
released her, she nearly fell into my arms.  I removed her gag, then held her
and rocked her gently.  I didn't know what to do... I didn't know what to say...
What I did know was that I was angrier than I could imagine with my father.  How
could he have done this to her.... even if she was a bimbo, no one deserved
this.  My heart hardened and I resolved to have it out with the bastard.  I must
have been muttering words of that nature, because Cassy all of a sudden
stiffened.  She pushed herself away form me and said, 'you won't do anything of
the sort Gregory.  Your dad needed to do this and I was the one that goaded him
into doing it', she told me in a determined voice.

'Do you know that your father blames himself for your mothers death', she asked
me.  I shook my head no.  'He does.  Your mom died on a Sunday morning going to
get bagels and the newspapers.  Your dad would normally do this every Sunday
morning, but the night before at a party he had gotten pretty drunk so your mom
let him sleep in.  You see he felt that if he hadn't gotten so plastered the
night before, it would have been him that was driving the car and not your mom',
she softened her voice as tears formed in my eyes.

'Your fathers a good man.  I idolized him when I first came to work for his
company.  He was a strong, caring man whom's presence seemed to make everyone
about him feel like family.  He didn't deserve what happened to your mom and it
certainly wasn't his fault.'  She paused and looked at me.  'He had to exorcise
his demon and I convinced him to use me to do it.'  She shook her head.  'I may
not look it, but I am part Chinese.  My great grand mother taught me many things
and somehow I know this is what your father needed.  I also know that I was the
one that was graced to be able to give him that gift.  So please, don't hate
him.  If I'm right, he will have gotten over his own self-hatred and be able to
once again enjoy life.  Please Greg, don't do anything rash.  I really do love
your father and if he loses you I am not sure what he'll do.'  I stared at her
totally confused, but finally I agreed to her suggestion. 

In the days that followed I saw that what she said was true.  My father was just
like his old self and there weren't any repeats of the terrible beating.  'We've
been close, ever since', he said.  He gave me a sly grin, 'Of course that's how
I learned all about bondage. She explained her passion for bondage and hinted at
the effects that it would have on a male, meaning of course my father.    One
day I walked into their bedroom, looking for some money and found Cassy bound to
the bed.  Dad was gone for the day and I needed the money, so I shrugged my
shoulders, removed her gag and asked her if I could borrow ten dollars.  'Of
course you can Greg', she said as if she were sitting in a living room chair and
not lying bound to her bed in sexy lingerie.  I got the money and turned to
leave... 'Ah, Greg', Cassy called.  'You need to put the gag back in, otherwise
your father will know that you were here.'  I looked at the large ball gag and
said in my best thirteen year old macho voice, 'That doesn't look all that
comfortable....' She assured me that she could handle it.  'Well, I was thinking
that maybe I could come back after school... you know before Pop gets home and
put it back in for you?'  She smiled at me and a tear formed in the corner of
her eye, 'that would be very thoughtful of you dear.  Thank you.'  I couldn't
handle all of the emotions I felt at the time, so I simply fled the room.  

Cassy and I became friends and allies from then on.  If she wasn't up and around
when Dad had left for the day I would go and check on her.  Her eyes would
brighten when she saw me.  I would remove her gag or sometimes, at her request
take her entirely out of her predicament.  Later that day of course I would have
to put her back the way that I found her.  One day I couldn't find her at all
and I didn't learn till the next day that she had been bound in the 'dungeon'. 
She showed me the locked room in the basement that was used for their more
ambitious escapades.  Swearing me to secrecy she handed me a copy of the key to
the room.  Obviously, this taught me quite a lot about bondage at a very early
age.  'Do you get the picture now, Princess', he asked as he finished his story.

'Oh, yes', I smiled at him devilishly.  'But I just have one question.  Are you
going to build a dungeon in our home?  Hmmmmmm?'  He returned my smile and put
his arm over my shoulder as he slid closer.  'Would you like me to put a dungeon
in our home?  Hmmmmm?', he asked me.  'Of course', I said.  'If it would make my
Lord and Master happy.'

We continued to talk, drink and eat cheese and crackers.  Before we turned into
fish, we decided it was time to get out.  Looking at the clock we saw that it
was nearly four in the morning.  As we dried off, Greg told me, 'Look I am
having a great time and I would really like it to continue.  What do you say we
forget about sleep?'  His warm voice and smile left me no choice.  'And,
ummmm... what did you have in mind to do with poor little 'ol me', I asked with
a smile and sassy attitude.  He laughed, 'Not what your thinking, Princess.'  He
must have seen the disappointment on my face.  'Hey, Sharon', he said seriously. 
It not that I don't find you sexy, or want to make love again, it just that
talking with you is wonderful.  I was thinking we could go out to an all night
dinner I know and grab a bite to eat.'  My smile returned.  'Do you jog?' he
asked me.  I looked at him quizzically and shook my head, yes. 'Good, because
we're going to eat dinner food we really should do something to work it off. 
Besides it's only about two miles away.

So we jogged to the dinner.  I hadn't been running for a while, but he never
pushed the pace so it was an easy time.  It's funny how good company can make
even greasy spoon food taste great.  We talked about our hopes for the future,
including things that people don't normally talk about on first dates.... like
kids and God.  We both agreed that we wanted to have children, not for a few
years but it was definitely in the plan.  That discussion led us to God.  Greg
opened the discussion by saying, 'you used God's name quite a bit, tonight. 
Thanking him, calling on him, etc.  You do believe in him don't you?'  I blushed
and looked down at the table.  'Yes', I responded.  'But, I sort of was getting
away from it lately.  I mean....  well my sexual desires and God.... well, they
just seem to... conflict.  Don't you have a problem with the two?'  He took my
hand and answered, 'No, I don't have a problem with the two and I don't think
you should either.  Look the way I see it God just wants us to find our mate,
have children and raise them with a good sense of right and wrong.  I can't see
Him getting upset about what happens between a man and a woman that are
consenting and working towards His main goals.'  He smiled.  'Besides, God
wanted us 'procreate'... and if this keeps our love lives exciting and alive, so
that we have a few nippers.... well there you go.'  I looked up and brightened. 
I wasn't totally convinced, but it certainly did bear some further thought. 

'OK, so you believe in God.  How about pre-destination?', He asked.  I shook my
head showing that I didn't understand the question.  Greg explained, 'That means
that though you have free choice, God knows before hand what choices you are
going to make and therefore knows what your destiny is.'  He looked at me and
took both of my hands.  'You and I may be pre-destined to be joined.  It may be
written up there on some big chalk board, Sharon and Greg will be as one.'   He
paused.  'Look, my father only recently talked me back into coming back east. 
He's always wanted me to work for him, but I still would rather make it on my
own.  So if you had been here two weeks earlier or two weeks later, we probably
would have never met.'

'I get it', I said.  'Maybe we are meant for each other.  I've never had a first
date like this one... and I'm not even referring to the sex.  I mean that I have
never talked liked this to anyone before. Its like I have known you all my
life,' I stopped for a minute and then asked, 'what you said about missing me if
I weren't here in two weeks concerns me.  Are you going somewhere?'

'Not anymore', he smiled.  'At least not until you and I figure out how or if we
fit together.  You might say that you have become the linchpin in my father's
plans to keep me in the area.'  Returning his smile, 'And how exactly did I do
that?'

'My father is determined to see me come and work with him at his company.  I
love dad, but I really don't want to do that.  You see I want to earn the rights
to manage the company on my own, not be handed it from my father.   Despite what
he thinks, I may never decide to take the helm of the company if I don't feel
that I could do as good a job as my father at running it. I have told my father
all of this and his answer to that was for me to go to work for Leather & Lace,'
he explained.

I couldn't help but blurt out, 'you've got to be kidding.... we are going to
work together?'  He smiled his most engaging smile and replied, 'Actually, I
will be one of your bosses.  They want to bring me on as a junior partner.'  He
paused and reached out to take my hands in his.  Quietly he said, 'I would have
refused that offer as well, ...except for you.'

Now the light began to dawn.  'This is wonderful', I beamed.  'But, I don't
understand why you would turn down the chance to work at Leather & Lace?'

'I know Mr. Thatcher and all of the partners very well.  They are great people
and I know their not going to give me a job, just to give me a job.  So I will,
rightfully so, be expected to earn my keep.  The job they want me to do is
basically understudy all three of them so that I can get a feel for the entire
company.  Truthfully, it is a great opportunity.... but I am just not sure that
I am cut out for running a company.  I really would like to put my own mark on
the company and become a part of the team.  Not just be thrust into it by
circumstances and nepotism', he concluded. 

I gripped his hands tightly.  'I shouldn't be the one giving you this advice,
specifically because I do have my own ulterior motives (I gave him a sly wink),
but I think you have to try it.  Go for it; see if it's for you.  L&L is a great
place to work.  I've only been their a few weeks and already I feel like I am
part of it.  I am sure that it will be the same for you.'  I gave him another
sly look, 'Besides, wouldn't you just love to have me working under you?'  His
laughter shook the room.  Fortunately there weren't many patrons to upset so
only a few heads looked over to see what was happening.

We walked back to the A frame hand in hand, like two teenage kids.  Yes, this
was the beginning of a very good.... and interesting relationship.


Work the next day was all a fog for me.  Mr. Harrison arrived early in the
morning for the closing meetings.  He and Mr. Stanton had a few quiet words
before the meeting started and a number of looks were thrown my way by both
parties.  They were smiling though and I could just imagine what they were
saying.  Despite my best efforts I blushed profusely.  Heck, he had been the one
who had introduced his son to me.  Why should I be embarrassed by what, I am
guessing, everyone knew went on between us.
  
Later in the day Greg showed up.  My heart leapt within me when I saw him.  I
couldn't believe that his warm smile could make my pulse quicken so.  Good Lord,
I felt like a schoolgirl again!  He didn't worry about pretenses or what anyone
thought he just walked directly over to me and gave me a kiss on the cheek as he
said, 'Hello, Princess.'  Giving my shoulders a one-arm squeeze he released me
and walked over to Mr. Harrison and Mr. Stanton.  He couldn't cross the room
though without shaking hands or trading kisses with at least twelve of the
staff.  Everyone was so glad to see him back; it was like watching the return of
the prodigal son.

At least one of the younger women gave him a more than sisterly kiss and when he
wasn't looking stared daggers at me.  Tough luck I thought, as I smiled my 'he's
mine now' smile back at them.

When he reached the two men they started discussing something in earnest. 
Within a couple of minutes Mr. Harrison was waving to me to join them.  
'Sharon, I am hearing unconfirmed reports that you and this lug here are seeing
each other,' he said in mock horror.  'Please, dear, say it isn't so.'

Playing the shy school girl I replied, 'I am sorry Mr. Harrison, but I just
can't do that.'  I looked up and said with my best Cheshire grin, 'In fact I
think we are going to be seeing quite a lot of each other in the future.'  I
emphasized the words 'a lot' so that the double meaning could not be missed.  
Greg gave his trademark chuckle.  Mr. Harrison threw his hands up in the air. 
'You cad you', he railed at Greg.  'You have already corrupted this poor
innocent waif of a girl!'  Greg put up his hands in surrender.  'Don't blame me
dad set me up with her', he said as he pointed at his father.  Mr. Harrison's
horrified gaze shifted to Mr. Stanton.  'Arch, how could you have done such a
thing?', he asked dumbfounded.  Everyone involved was near bursting with
laughter.  'Actually, I asked him to', I chimed in.  'I just couldn't see any
other possibility.  In fact at the time I couldn't see much of anything at all.'  
The illusion to my blindfold at the time of our introduction was not lost on the
group and finally the laughter came forth until the two older men were almost
rolling on the floor.

Greg looked at me and smiled.  'Since these two gentlemen, can't seem to get
themselves together, I will relay their auspicious request.  They would like the
two of us to attend dinner tonight at my fathers home.'  I wondered if things
were moving too fast.  This was uncannily like taking me home to meet his folks. 
You know that awkward meeting of the prospective in-laws.  Somehow he read my
mind.  'Hey don't worry everyone that is going to be there knows you... and
loves you.  You should worry more about me when I have to meet your parents. 
How do you think your father is going to feel about his little angel going out
with a man who produced bondage films.'  He paused with a glint in his eye.  He
was telling me quite a lot without actually saying it directly.  This was no
one-night stand.  This was a long-term commitment he was talking about.  I felt
warm all over.  I looked up at him and wondered how I could feel so much love
for this man that I had just met and hardly knew.

'I had had other thoughts about ways to spend the evening.  You were supposed to
call, if you remember correctly', I chided him. 

His smile knew no bounds.  'Ahhh, finally I have found a woman who has her
priorities straight.'  He sighed.  'Sorry to disappoint you, but I really don't
think we can get out of this.  When I strolled into the house early this morning
Lucinda and Cassy set upon me like a pack of wolves.  I apologize darling, but
truly nothing was sacred with them.'  My cheeks colored once again as I imagined
exactly how graphic that conversation must have been.  'To make a long story
short the two ladies were extremely happy for both of us and despite the fact
that it was only a first date, they have determined that we all needed to
celebrate.'   His eyes softened as they bore straight into my sole.  'Look
Princess, I know I am coming on like a bull dozer, but I have a real strong
feeling about you.... about us.'

Tears formed unbidden in my eyes.  I felt warm and wonderful.  Reaching upwards
I cupped his face in my hands and said softly, 'That's exactly how I feel,
Greg.'  Standing on tiptoe I just brushed his lips with mine.  His eyes had
closed expecting a longer kiss.  I laughed and lowered my hands, 'Always leave
them wanting a little bit more, my aunt used to always say.' 

He reached for me, slid out of reach.  'You minx', he smiled as he stopped his
futile chase.

'Now, now', I scolded him.  'You get to choose the how and especially the when,
during our games, so it's only fair that I get my turn.'  I smiled my prettiest
at him.  'Partners, remember.'

He opened his arms, enticing me forward.  Fun was fun, but this was much more
important.  I took a couple of quick steps forward and felt his strong arm
encircle me.  He kissed my hair lightly as my head rested on his chest. 
'Partners, it is', he agreed. 

'So I take it the young lady has consented to have dinner with the old fogies',
Arch said with his normal joviality.

'You had better watch who you say that around dad', Greg admonished his father.
I don't think Cassy, Lucinda or the Thatcher's would appreciate that remark.  Of
course if you are only referring to yourself and the gentlemen to your right
well, then yes, the lovely lady has consented.'

'Just wait a minute there you young whipper snapper', Mr. Harrison said in his
best imitation of a crotchety old man.  'Is that anyway to talk to your future
boss?'

'I hope so, Harry.  You know I love you like an uncle, but what you get is what
you see', Greg replied sincerely.

'Greg the truth is that I am very happy with what I see.  You may have doubts
about your skills or questions about where you fit into the organization, but I
don't,' Harry responded equally seriously.  His face turned into a smile and he
continued, 'besides, in your case the apple didn't fall far from the tree.... Oh
course I am referring to your mother's side of the tree.' 

The men laughed and chatted some more, but we soon broke up and went our
separate ways.  Greg drove me directly to his parent's house.  I tried to
protest about wanting to change my clothes, but he pointed out the error of my
ways.  His parents always had their dinner parties early.  Refreshments and
talking first, then a full blown dinner, followed by the men adjourning to the
study and the women retiring to the living room.  'I know that it sounds old
fashion', he sighed.  'But, that's the way it been for as long as I can
remember.'   I thought about it and decided that it sounded kind of nice.

The house wasn't the mansion that I had created in my minds eye, but it wasn't
what I would term small either.  The house was a six-bedroom colonial, excluding
the maid's quarters.  The grounds were beautifully landscaped, with multiple
types of shrubs, flowers and a few strategically placed dogwood trees.  The
driveway was huge and boasted a four-car garage.  I counted six cars, three of
which I knew.  Lucinda, Mr. Harrison and Mr. Thatcher must already be inside.

I was so nervous as we approached the door that I nearly was trembling.  Greg,
somehow read my discomfort and moved his hand from mine to up around my
shoulder.  He gave me a smile and a little squeeze and rang the bell.  Almost
instantly the door was opened and a gorgeous woman with stunning long blond hair
greeted me.  She held my hand in both of hers and said, 'You must be Sharon.'  I
nodded my head as she continued.  'After all that I've heard about you young
lady I feel like I know you, but just for the record I'm Cassy Stanton.'  I
blushed, just imagining all of the things that people were telling her about me.  
Quietly I replied, 'I feel like I know you also... Greg's talked about you quite
a bit also.'

His stepmother threw him a glance and Greg shrugged his shoulders, looked a
little sheepish and said simply, 'Everything...' Her glance softened as she
asked, 'Everything?'   He nodded his head and replied, 'Even what Dad doesn't
know'. 

Nodding her own head she looked back to me.  Before I knew what was happening
Cassy pulled me forward and gave me a kiss on the cheek.  At the same time she
whispered in my ear, 'I know that this is all a little overwhelming, but
relax... you are among friends.'   My eye caught the hint of movement to my left
and then I saw her.  Good God it was like looking into a mirror!  'You must be
Sharon', Ann Thatcher said as she held out her hand to me.  'You couldn't be
anyone else; because my husband is right you could be my double.  Ten years ago
that is, but I sure wouldn't have any problem recognizing you.'  My jaw dropped
open I really didn't know what to say.  Finally I stammered out, 'It's... It's a
pleasure to meet you Mrs. Thatcher.'  She gave me a shocked look.  'Please, call
me Ann.  Mrs. Thatcher, coming from you, makes me feel old.  Now do what Cassy
says and relax.'  She squeezed my hand and gave me a warm smile, 'don't worry we
will all have time for some girl talk later on.'  I wasn't sure what she meant,
but I smiled back stupidly and told her I was looking forward to it.

After I got over the shock of seeing myself ten years from now, the evening went
off beautifully.  Everyone was extremely nice and treated me like I was already
one of the family.  It was wonderful, like a new extension of working at L&L.  
Dinner was a real party affair.  The men gathered around the barbeque cooking
steaks and chicken and the women setting up a host of cold dishes.   Everyone
had a drink or two, removing any of the tension that I had previously felt.  We
ate at two long picnic tables and enjoyed the food and general small talk.

Afterwards we all helped clearing away the remnants of dinner.  This job
accomplished the men and the women started to break into separate groups.  Greg
and I walked back into the house together, but he veered off into a paneled
study following the rest of the men without a word to me.  I felt a hand on my
arm and turned to find Lucinda guiding me towards another room.

Now it was just us women and I quickly found myself the center of attention. 
Where did I go to school?  Had I done much traveling?  You know the normal run
of the mill stuff.  Basically it was Ann and Cassy doing the asking.  Lucinda
just seemed to relax back into a large wing backed chair and sip at her drink. 
She had a wicked little grin on her face as she interrupted our genial
conversation asking, 'And did Greg enjoy finding you bound to your bed in your
skimpy blue corset Thursday night?'  Ann stopped talking in mid-sentence.  The
room turned deathly quiet.  I felt my cheeks burning red as I looked at her. 
Her eyes were laughing at me.  Daring me to answer her intimate question. 
'Yes', I said as boldly as I could.  'I think that he enjoyed it very much.  And
for the record it was a bustier, not a corset, Lucinda.'

Cassy, who was nearest to me, gave me a pat on the arm.  'Thata girl', she cried
and then began to laugh.  Ann laughed, but continued to look angrily at Lucinda. 
'I'm sorry Sharon', she said to me.  'We, at least Cassy and I, were trying to
ease you gently towards that subject but some people just can't leave well
enough alone.'  She glared daggers at Lucinda.  'Relax, Ann', Lucinda said
unrepentant.  'You know as well as I do that our little women's club discussions
always center around bondage or S&M in one form or another.  If Sharon is going
to be one of us let's not mislead the poor girl.'  Cassy jumped in obviously
siding with Ann, 'OK, thanks Lucinda.  But, there is life outside of bondage...'
She looked over at me.  'We just wanted you to feel comfortable before we...
moved on into more interesting topics.' 

'Thanks, everyone', I said quickly.  I felt nervous, but excited at the same
time.  'Look, I'm really new to this whole thing and Lucinda's right I'm dying
for advice.  I would really love it if you would just tell me what I should be
trying to do...  What I should be looking for...' I paused.  'I'm not making any
sense am I?'  They all shook their heads no.  Great.  'OK, for example I can't
wait to work with Greg, but I'm not sure how to handle working together.  Could
you give me some advice?'

Ann piped right up, 'Oh that ones right up my alley.  Look Sharon, when you are
working together do not disagree with him in front of others.  You can carefully
question his position on a certain issue, but only once.  Then clam up and wait
until you can get him alone.  Remember he is your boss and despite your
relationship outside of the office, he has to be seen treating you the same as
everyone else.   Does that help any?'

'Yes, that's great', I beamed.  Then more shyly, 'Can I ask you a more personal
question?'  Ann nodded her head yes.  'What was it like making those bondage
videos with Mr. Thatcher.'  The words tumble out of me, but gods I was dying to
know.  Ann laughed and responded, 'the best part of making those instructional
bondage video's was what you didn't see on tape we released.  After he had
finished tying me into whatever position was required, he would take some time
out to drive me to the point of sexual frenzy.  Kissing, caressing, fondling....
you name it and he did it.  Then he would turn back to the camera and explain
about the position and the way he had positioned the ropes or straps to enhance
my comfort or the esthetic look of the bondage.  Before the videos were released
he edited out all of the sexual teasing scenes, but just watch the movies
closely and you'll be able to pick up on it.  One minute you see me calmly being
tied to, say a chair and then there is a cut scene and Mike is explaining my
bondage.  Most likely you will see my chest heaving and my face flushed.  If he
had really got me going, you'll also see me straining at my bonds.'  Her face
took on a contented glow as she looked towards the ceiling and continued
dreamily, 'those were good times.  I still have the unedited tapes and when he's
out of town and the kids are asleep sometimes I watch them while I....' Ann
flushed a bit as she realized how far she had opened up to almost a complete
stranger.

'That's really beautiful', I said sincerely.  'I only hope Greg and I can share
such wonderful experiences.'  Cassy laughed gently and the other joined her.  'I
wouldn't be too worried about missing out on any experiences with Greg.  He and
his father are two peas from the same pod.  When it comes to imagination those
two just don't have any bounds at all.  It was so fun watching those two go at
it as Greg grew older.'  She looked over at me directly.  'He told you about
helping me out when he was a teenager, didn't he?'

I nodded yes.  'Yes, he told me that he would let you loose from whatever
bondage his father had put you into before he left for school and then tie you
back up the same way before he got back home.' 

Cassy shook her head sagely. 'Exactly.  But that's not the whole story.  Greg
was good, but he was still inexperienced.  It didn't take long before Arch
figured out that somehow I was getting loose during the day.  At the time he
thought I was some kind of Houdini.  So he made it impossible for me to free
myself.  But, somehow when he returned things weren't exactly as he had left
them.  A knot was loose, here.  A buckle wasn't in its normal position.  Little
things, so now he realized that I had an accomplice.  Good Lord, I tried not to
tell him and protect Greg, but Arch was really getting mad.  He began to think
that I was having an affair on the side.  He refused to hit me in anger, but his
bitter words hurt more than the worst cut from a whip.  Finally I could stand it
no more and I told him the truth. 

Arch almost collapsed into one of the chairs in the bedroom.  He couldn't
believe that his son knew about us.  So I told him the whole story.  How Greg
had found me crying after the day he had finally gotten over losing his first
wife.  How I had told Greg how much he loved me, despite his actions (he had
whipped the hell out of me to exorcise his own personal demons), and that things
would get back to normal.  Finally I told him how close it had made us.  Not
exactly mother and son, but definitely friends.  In a few minutes Arch's feature
had turned from worry, to excitement... maybe wonder is a better term.  I
remember him saying that the boy had talent, with a kind of proud look on his
face.  From that point on it became a battle of wits between the two.

He would try and tie me up in as complicated positions as he could come up with,
trying to make Greg give up on his efforts to free me.  He figured if he made it
to difficult for Greg to put me back the way he found me that he wouldn't try to
untie me.  But, Greg has almost a photographic memory and he doggedly continued
his rescue of me each morning.  Soon he was almost as good as his father. I
can't tell you how many times Arch came home, looked me and all of my bindings
over and then declared that he had beaten the boy.  Day after day now Arch would
come home and smugly declare himself the winner.  But, one day Greg slipped up
and left a lock not properly latched.  Arch was happily beside himself that he
had caught Greg in his unsuccessful attempt to free me.  It would have been OK,
but he had already removed my gag and I stupidly said aloud, 'Damn it, he's
always so careful with the locks....' Now my husband is no dummy and he picked
up on my slip immediately.  'You mean to tell me he's been freeing you every
time I've put you in bondage and this is only the first time that I've caught
the little imp?'  He demanded that I answer him.  When I refused he started
tickling me... with a feather... on the soles of my feet, under my chin, on my
nipples... I thought I would die from lack of oxygen because I was laughing so
hard.  Finally I told him the truth.

Arch went out, leaving me bound upon our bed. I worried about what he would do
to Greg, but I shouldn't have.  He returned late that evening smelling of beer. 
Greg and I had a nice little discussion he informed me.  In point of fact, they
had gone into the back yard with a case of beer and got drunk until Arch felt
comfortable enough to bring up the subject.  Greg won't be releasing you anymore
I was told.  Actually that weekend, while Arch was home to supervise he was
ordered to cane my butt for allowing myself to be released without his consent. 
Greg had put up quite an argument about that point, I came to understand, but
Arch told him that he needed the lesson to become a true 'master'.  You could
say that that whipping of my rump was his real coming of age.'

I couldn't help but ask, 'Does he like to whip his girl friends?'  Cassy looked
at my sheepish face and countered my question, 'Do you want him to whip you?'  I
gulped and answered truthfully, 'I don't know.'  Cassy smiled.  'Good, at least
your honest about it.  Look, I love Greg just like he was my own flesh and
blood.  I think that you'll find that he'll wrap his own needs around what your
willing to give and not force you into anything you really don't want to do.  My
advice is to go with the flow.  If you get in over you head tell him so.  He's a
real good listener and I get the feeling he's head-over-heels in love with you,
so I'm sure you'll have no problem getting him to slow down in a certain area.'

The talk became more general thereafter.  Precious pieces of information rained
down upon me like mana from heaven.   I learned two extremely important things
that evening.  One, even the bottom (submissive partner) has a say in bondage
play.  And two, both of these married women engaged in bondage fairly regularly
and they actually relished their roles!  I knew that I had much to learn and
experience, but now more than ever I was truly looking forward to it!

Greg had a strong aversion to doing anything more than kissing under his
family's roof.  I really did not understand this at all.  Knowing the
relationship that he and his step-mom had and the fact that his father had been
a party to getting us together, I just didn't understand.  All I could remember
that helped to make sense out of the situation was the time he was deciding if
he would date me. 

I was bound and blindfolded at the time.  His father and Lucinda were watching
as he kissed me for the first time and then caressed my hungry breasts.  As our
kiss became more and more passionate and his hands had begun to drift lower, his
father had cleared his voice and suggested, 'That perhaps we should get a
room...' Seemed like a double standard to me, but then again I've never been a
parent.

Regardless, this meant that after the dinner party I had to go back to Mr.
Thatcher's house and my own empty guest room.  I went to sleep frustrated, but
with happy thoughts.  Greg had promised me an interesting day tomorrow and had
assured me that our separate sleeping arrangements would be corrected.




Leather & Lace
Chapter 8 - First Date - Appetizers
By the White Knight

I woke to a beautiful Saturday morning.  Greg called me shortly after nine and
told me that he would be by around ten.  He said he'd like to do some bicycling
and have a picnic and asked if I was game.  I quickly told him that I was up for
ANY GAME that he wanted to try.  He was laughing as he hung up the phone.

We spent the entire day together.  Biking, eating, drinking wine, and playing
Frisbee... you know, acting like love struck teenagers.  That was exactly how I
felt.  Just like a confused schoolgirl, who all of a sudden finds herself hooked
up with the quarterback of the football team.  The soft rock radio station we
were listening too played a very appropriate old Heart song, 'Magic Man'. 
Everything was like a wonderful fantasy.

As dusk began to fall he took me back to the cottage.  We used separate showers
and put on clothes appropriate for an evening 'out on the town'.  He hadn't been
very specific what that meant so I decided on a sexy lime green sheath dress.
The dress slid on easily.  The top was a halter type with an open back.  I
buttoned up the collar behind my neck and seated my naked breasts into the soft
lining of the triangular top of the garment.  I had already put on a lacy white
hose and garter belt set, so all that was left were shoes.  Knowing that I
shouldn't do it, but not being able to stop myself, I grabbed the spiked heeled
white pumps Greg's father had given me earlier in the week.

I smiled at my own wickedness.  These types of shoes were often referred to as
'fuck me' pumps, by my girlfriends and myself.  Essentially, the thought pattern
is, if you would wear shoes like that to attract or please a man there wasn't
anything that you wouldn't do for him.  Being as this was exactly the message I
was trying to send to my new lord and master... what could have been more
appropriate?  Besides many of our discussion during the day had revolved around
sex and this had had the same effect on me as perfectly performed foreplay. 
Because of this I desperately wanted to look as hot as I felt!

Not knowing if we would be outdoors late in the evening, I also threw a white
crocheted shawl over my shoulders.  Then I met up with the Thatcher's and Greg
in the kitchen.

'Good lord, you look wonderful', said Ann as I walked into the room.  The two
men were holding glass mugs of beer and raising them said in unison, 'Here. 
Here I could only laugh and think that this crew had definitely been friends for
quite a long time.

'Hummm.  Hummmm', Mr. Thatcher said.  'I remember when you used to get all
dressed up like that for me.'  Ann gave him a gentle slap on the arm.  'You make
it sound like ages since the last time I dressed up for you, now is it really
that long?', Ann asked softly as she put her arms around his waist and gave him
a squeeze.  'No. No', Mr. Thatcher replied quickly. 'No, it hasn't been all that
long at all, but...' Ann didn't even let him finish his sentence.  'You men and
your 'but's'', she chided him.  'Oh, all right.  When these young lovebirds
leave I'll give you a show you won't soon forget.'  Mr. Thatcher almost choked
on the sip of beer he was taking.  He, of course, had no way of knowing how well
we 'girls' had gotten acquainted the previous evening so he was a little shocked
at his wife's openness in front of me.  When will men ever figure out that women
tell each other all the gory details?

'On that note I think we had best leave', said Greg with a quick smile as he
took my hand and led me through the door.  'You do look wonderful', he said as
he opened the car door.  I was still getting used to the height of my new heels
and I soon realized that I couldn't just step normally into his low riding
sports car.  Turning my rear end the opening I held out my hand to him.  He
instantly knew what I needed and gave me the support I needed to slide down into
the car without having the hem of my dress wind up about my waist!  Holding both
legs together I pulled them into the car.  Greg just stood there at the open
door shaking his head as he openly admired my legs and heels.  In a flash of
inspiration, I pulled up my dress and gave him a flash of my white garters and
matching white lace panties.  He gave one of his wry chuckles and closed my
door.

When he got behind the wheel, he looked over and smiled, 'you are just too good
to be true.  What am I ever going to do with you'.  He reached over as he spoke
and used one hand to guide my lips to his.   We kissed softly enjoying our
newfound love.  As our lips finally parted, I sighed softly, 'The phrase 'take
me to bed or loose me forever' seems appropriate.'  Greg frowned and shook off
his own passion-induced fog to ask, 'What'.  I looked at him slyly and said,
'You asked what you should do with me... and I told you.'  He shook his head
once more, 'that's what I like about you.  You've got your priorities straight.' 
Then he sighed, 'Unfortunately I have reservations for two at 'La Chateau' and
the thought of making you wait till after dinner has a certain amount of appeal
to me.'  He started the car and began towards our destination.

Reaching over and rubbing his thigh, I slyly responded, 'Make me wait... what
about you? Are you willing to wait also?'  My hands moved to his crotch and I
could definitely feel his interest spring to life.  I continued my
manipulations, rubbing his straining member through his slacks.  He tried to
remain passive, but finally could take no more.  Greg shook his head once more
and chuckled, 'Now that was very naughty of you, my dear.  I had been perfectly
willing to share your abstinence, but your behavior has altered that situation.' 
I looked at him quizzically.  He reached over and touched my lips and then used
the same hand to point to his crotch.   I licked my lips and wondered if I could
refuse.  I had no apprehension about blowing him, it was just I wanted him in me
so bad that it hurt. 'Is that an order, master', I asked softly.   He nodded his
head, then added, 'If you are particularly pleasing I may even rub your pussy...
if you ask me properly.'

Sighing, I worked myself into position and muttered, 'you're all too kind, oh
master'.  He reached across my now arched back and wacked me good on my right
cheek.  'Ooouuucccchhh', I squealed.  He looked at me sternly, 'At this moment I
am the master, do not forget your place'.  My tush stung, but not severely.  I
was going to have learn his signals better on just when that fine line between
partner and submissive was crossed.  And quickly!

I was a little miffed at first that he would use me this way, but then the light
dawned.  I wanted to please this man. His entire attention was focused on me. 
What I wore, how I walked, what I said... nothing escaped him. I liked his
commanding manner, which was not cruel but under the circumstances proper.  Old
what his name only paid attention to me until he got what he wanted.  After that
I might as well have been a piece of furniture for all of the notice I received.
But not my Greg.  His eyes never strayed far from me and he listened intently to
everything that I had to say.  Not because he was looking for faults (which was
like my father), but because he truly appreciated me.

'I'm sorry master', I said demurely as I worked to open his pants.  'Please
forgive my impertaence.  My only excuse is that I am so hot for you that I can
barely control myself.'  I ended the last statement in a breathless huff as the
words had just poured out of me.  Greg smiled as he watched the road, 'I will
take your situation into consideration.  Please me, dear lady and I assure you
that all will be forgiven.'  As I opened the folds in his boxer shorts, and his
manhood popped out like jack being released from his box.  'I see that you can
definitely understand my situation, lord', I breathed softly as I wrapped my
right hand around his pole.  His eyes still on the road, he chuckled and replied
simply, 'Definitely.'

Despite our earlier liaison, I had not yet had the chance to view my lover's
reproductive organs in all of their excited glory.  I guessed that it was a good
eight inches in length.  The circumcised foreskin and the width reminded me very
much of my rubber phallus from the multi pack stimulator.  Not overly wide or
unbelievably long, but very very lovely all the same.

His hardened member bucked of its only volition within my stretched fingers.  I
hadn't done anything yet but it was saying, 'I want you... NOW'.  His admirable
manhood emphasized this point by releasing a drop of pre-cum.  There was no time
to loose and certainly no time for finesse.  I gave Greg a big kiss directly on
the top of his throbbing head and with a big noisy lick slurped the drop of
clear cum off.  With no further foreplay I lowered my head onto his cock.

My mouth was forced open and my lips spread widely as they popped over the extra
lip of skin around the head of his member.  I slid half way down his passion
post before I retreated backwards to hold only the head of his hard rod within
my soft warm confines.  I prided myself on oral skills, especially being able to
absorb every bit of my suitor's one-eyed monsters.  But, I needed a minute or so
to get acclimated to the feel of him within my mouth.

I swirled my tongue over his embedded head and was reward by an excited groan. 
Closing down the side of my mouth I sucked hard upon his engorged meat, like a
straw in a thick milk shake.  This pulled him further into me by vacuum power
alone.  He soon hit the back of my throat and this set off my gag reflex.  I was
ready for this though and hardly missed a beat.  I stopped the sucking, relaxed
until the urge lessened.  Then I looked down.  A long three inches to go. 
Arching my back I moved into a more favorable position.  I could feel his arms
holding the steering wheel, touching my back each time I lifted my head, to only
hold the tip of his penis between my lips. 

Another swirl of my tongue and at the same time I took a deep breath.  Now, I
was ready.  Closing the sides of my mouth I slowly rode down my lovers vein
covered path.  Just passed the mid-way point I felt him against my throat, but
still I pressed on.  Closing my eyes, I stifled my initial gag and continued
downward.  I refused to stop until I felt my nose and chin brushed by his wiry
pubic hair.  Satisfied that I had my lovers measure now, I went back upwards. 
Immediately upon arriving, I started the plunge again.  This time faster.  Up
and down, my entire head traveled the length of his manhood, again and again. 
Faster and faster.  Until I became like some exotic machine, sucking his aching
staff mindlessly.

His buttocks shifted under me.  His breath hissed from clenched teeth.  Greg
moaned my name and then what sounded like 'Princess' as he worked to keep
control of the car.   On the end of one of my downward strokes his member bucked
within my mouth.  I knew that this meant that he would be cumming in short
order.  Sliding back up his cock, I held only the first two inches or so within
my mouth as I started using my encircling fingers to stimulate him.  I sucked as
hard as I could, while using my hand to simulate my mouth traveling up and down
his pulsating penis.  My eyes popped open as Greg came with an amazing opening
blast.  I gagged a bit as those first globs of jism hit the back of my throat,
but was soon back under control. 

His load began to pump into my mouth and it was all I could do to swallow it all
before it leaked out of the sides of my mouth.  Greg's hips were now off of the
seat as he thrust more of himself into my willing lips.  Continuing my massage
with my hand, I ate down more and more of the thick warm cum.  I was actually
tiring of sucking and swallowing his jism.  It's not like drinking a liquid, but
more like eating a warm milk shake... with a unique salty flavor.  What an
interesting idea cum flavored milk shakes! or how about cum flavored daiquiris! 
My fevered imagination was running away with me.

Finally his eruption ebbed and it became easier and easier to slurp down the
last of his manly seed.  Greg sighed in satisfaction and lowered himself back
into his seat.  I raised my head off his retreating pole and gave him a quick
tongue bath to remove any of his juices that I might have missed earlier. 
Sliding him back into his shorts and re-fastening his pants I returned to my own
seated position.

Greg's hand slid quickly over to my lap and lifted my skirt.  He began a gentle
rubbing of my clit right through my lace panties.  As his own breathing returned
too normal, mine began to increase.  'I take it that you know that you have
pleased me greatly, Sharon', he said as his finger caressed my inner thighs. 
'Unnnhhhh', I moaned in answer.  'Pull your dress up about your waist', he
commanded me softly.  I didn't know why he wanted me to do this, but I
truthfully didn't care as long as he continued to rub my enflamed clitoris.  His
fingers now slid into my panties.  He gently played with my soft wet folds of
skin before he sent a few digits in search of my excitement button.

'Do you know that many women don't like the taste of cum and most won't swallow
it down the way that you just did' Greg said matter of factly.  I didn't realize
that he was looking for an answer until his fingers stopped their actions and he
repeated, 'Did you know that?'  I moaned in frustration, then almost shouted,
'Yes, yes, I know.'  His magic fingers began their animated rubbing once more. 
'But you like it?', he questioned me.   My eyes were closed.  I loved the heat
building within me.  'Noooo', I answered breathlessly.  'No?  But you swallowed
every drop of my cum... and cleaned off the residue from my cock.  Why did you
do that?' he demanded.  His voice was not angry, just confused.  'Pride', I
moaned as my climax neared.  'Pride?' he echoed.  'I don't understand?'  Oh,
God, this is not the time to play twenty questions.  On the other hand I didn't
want him to stop again.  'Pride, that I can do something better than anyone
else', I moaned and hissed my answer.  'I'm very competitive at the
thinnnnngssss.... '  He began flicking my tender g-spot with his fingertips. 
'Things that I think that I am good at.  I always want to be the best... go just
a bit farther then others....'  I began to writhe against my seat belt.  Rather
than this breaking his concentration, Greg simply shifted his movements to
accommodate me.  One, two... three fingers began driving in and out of me. 
'What an extraordinary answer.  That's the first time I...' He slammed his hand
deep into me, pushing me back against the chair. 'Ever, heard....' Again he
slammed into me.  'Anything, like that!'  This last thrust broke the damn.  My
hips bucked violently as I came like a possessed person.  Each wonderful wave
gave me tingles from chest to thighs.  Greg continued to his pumping motion, but
now more gently, as my juices flowed over his fingers.  With a sated sigh I
settled back down into my seat.

I was stirred from my sex induced funk, by Greg's soft voice, 'you'd better take
off your panties and get yourself cleaned up.  Were almost there.'  He handed me
a box of Kleenex's when my eyes finally cracked open.  Oh, God, he was right. 
Now that he had brought it to my attention, I could feel my soaking panties
against skin.  I went to pull them off, but realized that my garter belts sealed
them in.  'Damn', I groaned as I began to undo each of the four fasteners. 

Greg chuckled as he noticed my predicament.  'One thing you'll have to learn is
to wear your panties OVER your garters' he laughed.  I looked up at him for a
minute to see if he was kidding, 'Over?'  He looked at me and responded, 'Of
course.  That way if I tie you to something and want to get to your love canal I
won't to cut them off of you.'  He paused giving me a moment to think about
that.  'Or if you make me orgasm into my underwear, it won't be so darn
difficult getting out of them.  Correct?'  I said finishing his thought for him.

'Exactly, my dear, exactly', he replied with a grin.  'There's an empty plastic
bag in the glove compartment.  Its usually used for garbage, but I am sure it
would suit us now.'  Finishing cleaning up as best I could with the tissues, I
stuffed everything into the bag and dropped it to the floorboard.  Looking up I
realized that we were right around the block from the Restaurant.  I better wear
my panties on the outside of my garters in the future or I am going to be very
embarrassed one of these days, I thought to myself.  Then I had a deliciously
evil thought; maybe I just shouldn't wear any panties at all!

No panties.  My God, I am going to be walking into a crowded restaurant in just
a few minutes and I don't have any underwear on!  I could feel the warm leather
of the cars seat more keenly now that my mind was on that part of my anatomy.  I
looked down at my lap, self-consciously pulling my dress downward.  Thank the
Lord that I wasn't wearing one of my micro minis; at least this dress covered me
to mid-thigh.  Standing it fell to mid-way between crotch and knee, of course
when I'm seated it rides up a good three or four inches.

As we pulled into the lot, Greg asked, 'Are you nervous'.  He had a sly grin as
he obviously was referring to my current panty-less predicament.  I shrugged,
deciding that if this were some kind of test then I would pass it.  Besides the
likely hood of someone noticing that I'm not wearing panties is probably about
the same as getting hit by lightening, so to heck with it.  As he opened my door
and gave me a hand back onto my heels, I responded lightly, 'No. Not really.'
****
We were quickly escorted to our table, in a darkened corner of the restaurant. 
The host seated me himself.  This called for some quick thinking.  I used both
hands to hold down the hem of my dress, so that it didn't ride up far enough to
give the manager an eyeful, and sort of squatted off of my heels until my butt
felt the chair.  I smiled glowingly and he immediately went into his routine of
telling us of all of the specials.  Without a doubt he had seen nothing unusual.

My confidence was restored, now it was time for a little pay back.  Greg knew
exactly what he was doing when he made me orgasm.  He knew that I would be
walking into this restaurant without any panties on and he was obviously waiting
to enjoy my discomfort.  Well, two can play at this game, master or no master.

The effluent manager completed his litany.  I smiled at him and in response he
asked me, 'Perhaps the lady would like an appetizer before her meal?'  He had
leaned a bit forward and was waiting on my reply.  I leaned even closer to him,
until our heads were only a foot or so apart and softly replied, 'No thank you'. 
Then purposefully directing my gaze from him to Greg, I continued craftily,
'I've already had one'.    Greg coughed on a mouthful of water and the waiter
who at first was uncertain, now smiled in understanding.  Barely suppressing his
laughed he asked me, 'Then perhaps the lady would care for a drink?'  I smiled
again with Greg looking on expectantly.  'That sounds delicious', I answered,
putting emphasis on the word 'delicious'.  'I think that I would like a
daiquiri.  Yes, a large banana daiquiri.'  The waiter could barely contain
himself as he asked Greg for his drink order.  'Your house red will be fine', he
said with a shake of his head. 'And for dinner I think I'll be having the
crow... do you know if its in season?  I just hate old crow.'  The waiter gave
up and laughed out loud.  I am sure that everyone in the restaurant looked our
way, but I didn't care.  I was having a great time.

He left in a few more seconds, trying unsuccessfully to compose himself.  Greg
shook his head, looking at me ruefully.  'Don't tell me, your exercising rule
number one'.  I smiled back at him and nodded agreement.  During our long talks
we had worked out some rules for our relationship, being as it wasn't your
everyday type of courtship.  The first rule that we set up was that when it came
to sex, he was the master and I was the submissive.  Anytime other then sex,
though, we were partners and I could do whatever I darn well pleased.  'Hmmm. 
To quote you only minutes earlier in the car, 'whatever are you going to do with
me'?

He smiled and dinner went on normally.  Of course I was trying to get his goat,
at least a little bit.  I wanted him to know that I valued his companionship and
that I could and would play with him.  But, that wasn't my only reason.  Part of
me wanted Greg just a little bit miffed at me, so when we entered into bondage
tonight (as I knew that we would), he would have just that little bit of extra
added incentive to make it real.  

The rest of dinner went off without a hitch.  I believe that I got out of the
restaurant without anyone knowing that I wasn't wearing any underwear.  To top
everything off the manager was so happy with the little show that I had put on
earlier, that he gave us a free bottle of wine.




Leather & Lace
Chapter 9 - First Date: Bondage Challenge - Part I
By the White Knight

Greg drove us over to the best hotel in the area, a Marriott.  We rode the
elevator to the 20th and top floor.  The room he led me into was not just a room
but also a suite.   There was a living room with a dry bar, the bedroom and a
huge marble encrusted bathroom.

As he showed me around I kept waiting for him to show me what he had lined up...
in the way of bondage.  'So where do I get tied up first?', I asked, to excited
to let the little drama unfold by itself.  He smiled at me and placed his hands
lightly on my shoulders. 'That my dear is a question to which first you must
answer another question.'  I looked at him quizzically.  'I have left this
evening very open ended.  We can either enjoy it as the special night that it
is, that is just jump in the sack and have fun.... or we could do some
experimenting in bondage.  I promise you there will be plenty of physical
pleasure, for both of us, in either case.  So what would you like to do?'

I hate questions like this. I didn't want to sound like some bimbo bondage
groupie that he had told me of from his days as a film maker, but truth be told
that is exactly what I felt like.  I wanted to be tied-up and given those
unbelievable orgasms that I had come to associate with bondage.  But, what if
this was another one of his little test and he wanted me to chose 'the romp in
the hay'?  Good, God, what do I do know.  I shifted from foot to foot frowning,
but not knowing how to get my point across.  Unconsciously (or consciously, I'm
not sure) I crossed my arms at the wrist and held them together as if bound in
front of me. 

Picking up on my movements, he grinned mischievously and asked, 'So you would
like to make our evening out a bondage experience.'  My face split into a
beaming smile of pure sunshine. 'Ohhhh, yes master.', I cried out softly.   His
chuckle split the air.  'Can you say that again.'?  Without waiting for me to
reply he continued.  'You know you sounded just like Barbara Eden from 'I Dream
of Genie' when you said that.  Well, all I can say dear lady, is that if Genie
was half the woman you are, Major Nelson was probably a very happy man.'

I looked down towards the floor and asked hesitantly, 'You're not disappointed,
with me are you, master?'  He laughed and gave me a hug.  My head rested
contentedly against his strong chest.  'Sharon, I just want you to realize that
you always have a choice.  Having said that though, the one thing that you will
never have to beg for in this relationship is bondage!'  I sighed happily.  'I
want you in everyway a woman can want a man, but your special Greg...  You can
led me into a world that I've only touched on and to tell you the truth... I'm a
little scared, but mostly I am fascinated by it.'  The glow in my face dimmed,
'But if you didn't bring any of your gear... well, what will we do?'

Greg looked around the room.  He walked back into each of the rooms, paying
special attention to the bathroom.  'Fear not Lady Sharon, I believe that I can
provide you with at least three more than adequate bondage opportunities with
just the ingredients found in these rooms.'  I looked at him skeptically and
then glanced around the suite.  'I find that pretty hard to believe' I finally
countered

'Ahhh, I sense a challenge here', remarked Greg.  'Ah ha, Wastson the game is a
foot.  First, I have promised you three suspenseful bondage situations.  You
will have to be the judge on whether or not they satisfy you, but if I think
that you are sandbagging me, I will request a third party hearing.'  I frowned
at him not understanding what he meant.  'What are you going to do... bring in
the bell hop and ask his opinion?' I sarcastically.  He remained silent for a
moment and then replied, 'An interesting thought, Princess, but I was thinking
that we would explain the situation to an independent third party, like Cassy,
and she will have the final say.  That is if we disagree.'  I shook my head, 'No
way not Cassy.  She's your step-mom for God's sake.  Lucinda will be the tie
breaker.'  Greg nodded his head in agreement. 'Done', he cried.

'Now what do I get if I win?', he asked me.  I wrapped my arms around his neck,
peered up into his eyes and said huskily, 'What would you like as your prize, oh
lord and master?'  He paused considering for a minute and replied, 'Blow jobs to
wake me up for the first week, rather than an alarm clock.'  I looked at him
questioningly, 'First week of what?', I asked.  He smiled and wrapped his own
arms around my middle, 'Why the first week that we live together of course.'  He
gave me a wink and one of those wry chuckles. It took a minute for that one to
sink in.  'So were moving in together?', I asked.

'But, of course, my dear', he smiled down upon me.  'We live together for three
to six months.  Then a pleasant engagement and finally married in twelve to
eighteen months.  Or however long it takes for our parents to put together an
appropriate wedding.  Sorry, can't tell you when I'll ask you to marry me...
that would be bad form all 'round.'

I looked up at him stunned.  My mouth gapped open.  Shaking my head to clear it
I asked, 'and just when did you decide all of this, oh masterful one?'  He
wasn't fazed by my sarcasm in the least.  'During our first night together when
we were in the hot tub, I realized right then and there that you were what I had
been looking for these past couple of years.  And despite the fact that I am
acting like an out of control bulldozer... I really want you in my life.'  He
paused and said softly, 'Besides, you'll have the time that we live together to
really decide if you want to be my wife.  When the time comes you can always
say... no.' He said the last part so softly, that I could tell it hurt him to
even think that I might one day give him that answer.

I hugged him so hard that I thought we would both fall over, but somehow we
maintained our balance.  When I finally loosened my grip, he said, 'Wow.  If
that's what you do when your happy, I would hate to be on the receiving side of
your anger.'  He laughed at his own humor, something else that I was becoming
accustomed to.  'Now what would you like if you win?' he queried me.  Or perhaps
you need more time to think it over.'  I shook my head from side to side.  'No,
I know exactly what I want.'   He smiled and looked at me expectantly.  'I want
to be able to the final say in one of our decisions.  I'm talking about our
normal lives.  For example, when we look for an apartment you may want to live
in the city and I want to live in the suburbs.  I promise you that I would do my
best to compromise, but whatever I finally agree to you have to agree to also.'  
Greg frowned.  'I'm not sure that I like this, but I'll try anything once. 
Alright your on!'

His face lit into a smile and I responded in kind.  'OK, then and away we go',
he said spryly as he hurried towards the bathroom.  He returned with a king size
bath towel.  To my amazement he opened a tiny pocketknife, like those you use to
cut of the ends off of cigars, and made a cut in the fluffy fabric.  Then he
ripped downward along its entire length until he had a piece of material about
one to two inches wide and five feet long.  His grin knew no bounds as he handed
me the first strip.  Wrapping the soft terry material around my hands I pulled
against the strip with all of my strength.  With the exception of making my
knuckles red, I achieved nothing.  I nodded my head towards him acknowledging
the towels restraining capabilities.

As he placed the fifth strip in my hands, I said, 'All right I'll admit you can
you can tie me up with this stuff.  But, I am looking for three very different
bondage experiences.  Most of all they have to be exciting!'  Greg acted out
being hit by some imaginary weapon.  'You wound me, madam.  How could you expect
anything less of the all famous Gregory!'  Putting my fingertips to my lips in
mock horror, playing along with his mood, I responded, 'Oh no, my lord.  That
was never my intention.'  I paused and gave him a wicked grin.  'Where would you
like to immobilize me, my lord?  Or is there anything else you would desire.... 
oh master.'  I ended with a breathy sigh.

'To the bed, you... you... temptress you', he cried waving the terry straps at
me that he had gently removed form my fingers.  I scurried over and sat on the
end of the bed.  The maid service had already removed the heavy coverlet leaving
only the turned down sheets and blankets.  'On your stomach harlot, into the
middle of the bed with you and place your hands behind your back.'  I had
already been hogtied, so I had a pretty good idea of what he required of me. 
Sliding into the middle of the bed I turned over onto my stomach and crossed my
wrists behind my back.

'Now we are going to see just how flexible you are you little vixen', he leered. 
With that he grabbed my right ankle and bent it back until it reached my reached
my thigh.  I winced a little at his roughness, but soaked up the wild experience
of losing my freedom.  Expertly he bound my ankles to my thighs.  I found it
uncomfortable, but not painful.   Soon I felt him fiddling with my shoes.  'Tsk.
Tsk. Tsk.  We can't be having this,' he said.  'You are falling out of your
shoes!  And, as Dad has by now taught you, high heels used wisely are a bondage
onto themselves.'  I felt him wrap more of the strips around my instep and the
sole of my shoes, pushing my foot tightly into highly arched soles.  Finally
these bonds were tied to each legs separate ankle-to-thigh binding.

My wrists were tied in a new way, side by side horizontally to my body.  Then
with a couple more of the slices of terry cloth he formed a halter around my
shoulders to which he attached my wrists.  I winced again, as they were pulled
further up my back.  I bit my lip until he finally was satisfied.  Taking a deep
breath I did my best to get used to the painful pressure, which was being
exerted on my shoulder muscles.  I tried twisting my wrists in their bindings
and shifting my arms into the limited different positions available, none of
which helped alleviate the throbbing pain.  Then an interesting thing happened. 
Once that I had given up on changing the pain to something less stressful, the
pain receded to a dull ache.  It was sort of like if I just accepted it, the
worst of it went away. 

I felt his weight leave the bed for a few minutes, but he returned quickly. 
Just as I was getting used to this new bondage position he began to spread my
legs apart.  My dress had obviously ridden mid-way up my rump as I felt him
kneading my milky moons.  'Oh my what a pretty little pussy you have here girl',
he rumbled as his fingers moved to my love mound.  I was already extremely
excited and my juices greased his way into me.  Slowly he began pumping his hand
in and out of me.  Sliding two and then three fingers into my hungry lower lips. 
I moaned in desire as he continued to finger me.  Each stroke of his arm forward
buried more and more of his hand deep into my cunt.  One finger, two... three
four.... My poor cunny was stretched widely about his hand as now he pressed all
of his pyramid formed digits into me.  Jesus, he was trying to get his whole
hand into me!  The pressure was becoming intense.  The battle within me between
pain and ecstasy was raging like wild fire.  God, it felt so good and yet at the
same time I felt like I was going to be ripped apart.  I groaned as he
penetrated me further and further.   'Oh, yeah... baby, ...do it to me.  This...
is... so.... good!'  I could feel a tidal wave building within me.  'Oh,
lord.... yes!'  Just as I was nearing the peak, his hand slipped from within me. 
'Oh, please lord.... please have mercy on your bound slave girl.... pleaaase,
let me have my release.' 

I shifted and tossed about, but in no way could I stimulate myself.  I smiled as
I felt the first touch upon my tender lips.  For some reason he was spreading
them with the tips of his fingers.  Then I felt it.  It was cold.   Hard and ice
cold.  'What's that', I cried in dismay.  The hard coldness was being pressed
into my slick opening.  I shuddered and tried to close my legs, earning a quick
slap to my butt.  'Behave.  It's just a coke bottle', Greg said sarcastically.  
I could feel him pushing the cold plastic into me.  'God, Greg, what are you
doing?', I demanded.  That earned me any even harder rap on the ass.  'Slaves
are supposed to be seen and not heard' he intoned.  'But, in answer to your
question, I am going to put this coke bottle into your love box.'  I gasped for
air and opened my mouth to protest.  Another slap, made me think twice. 
'Relax', he said.  'It's only a twelve ounce bottle'.  The ribbed cap had
already passed easily into me.  With a twist and a push the thick middle of the
bottle slid half way into me.  'Oooofffff', I moaned.  'Oh, God and I thought
your hand was bad.'  I moaned again and complained, 'God, you splitting me
apart!'  With another heaving push the bottle slid even further into me.

'Oh, you are a trying slave girl.  One definitely in need of discipline', he
stated.  'I only have available to me so many things in this room, so I had to
make do.  I must say it worked out well.

With only the thicker part of the bottom not in you, it looks like your cunt is
swallowing the bottle trying to drink the soda.  I wish I had a camera... this
would open up a whole new avenue of advertising!'  He laughed at his own joke. 
'Besides you didn't expect me to leave you bound like this without something
left to agitate your sex, did you?' he asked.  What was he talking about?  'What
do you mean leave me?', I asked incredulously.  Without answering my question he
took another piece of the towel and thrust it between my teeth.  He had placed a
largish knot in the middle, which took the place of the ball part of the gags
that I was becoming used to.  I yelled into my gag.  Trying to demand that he
answer me.

I glared at him as he sat besides my head and picked up the phone.  'Yes, room
service, I would like a bottle of your best champagne sent up to twenty-oh-two',
he said.  The phone buzzed with a response.  'Yes, yes that will be fine.  I'll
be out of my room for a bit, just tell the bellman to leave it in the bedroom. 
The tip will be on the bed.'  As he hung up the phone, I found that I couldn't
move.  I was totally in shock.  He was going to leave me alone trussed up like a
bird waiting to be baked, with a coke bottle sticking from my honey pot for some
bellman to find!  I couldn't believe it.... this couldn't be happening.

Before I could even gather my wits to form a complaint I felt the bedspread
being pulled over me.  He used it to entirely cover both the bed and me.  Then I
heard some rustling of paper.  'I'm leaving five dollars at the foot of the bed. 
If I were you I wouldn't do anything to attract attention to myself when that
bellmen gets here.'

With that he left the room.  Finally my voice returned and I screamed and damned
him through my gag. I pulled futilely at my bonds.  Then looked around me
desperately.  Good, Lord, my body was forming a tent of the coverlet!  It had to
look like just what it was from the outside... a bedspread covering a bound
human form!  Shit! 

It soon became hot under the covers.  Little beads of perspiration rolled down
my forehead and cheeks.  I couldn't tell if the sweat was from my fear, the heat
or a combination of the two.  My mouth felt like a desert, it was so dry. 
Unlike the rubber ball gags the terry absorbed all of my mouths moisture like a
dry sponge. 

Everything was becoming more and more intense.  I could hear my heart quickly
beating in my ear, which was pressed against the mattress.  My shoulders and
legs ached form the strain imposed upon them by their restraints.  Even my feet
felt cramped and pinched within my tightly bound heels.  God, where was Greg
going?  What was taking the bellman so long?  It seemed to me like hours rather
than minutes had passed.

'Brrrringgggg' the bell to the room rang.  Then there was a knock on the door
and I heard it opening.  'Hello.  Your champagne is here.... hello?'  Getting no
response I heard a cart pushed in my direction.  I held my breath and tried
desperately not to move a muscle.  I heard the bellman whistling and glasses
clinking as he set everything up.  'POP' the sound of the bottle opening
startled me and I twitched under the covers.  'Huhn', I heard the waiter mumble. 
'Ummm, excuse me is there anyone here?'  I closed my eyes and didn't move
another muscle.  I could feel his eyes boring into the bed.  He had to be
wondering what was under the rumpled covers.  He was probably wondering if he
could get away with peeking underneath them.   I was sure that he was edging
towards the bed....   I almost screamed as I felt his hand lit upon the
bedspread... 

'Hey, thanks a lot', he cried to the room at large as I heard a rustling of
paper money.  Whistling once more I heard him close the door as he left the
suite.  My breath exploded from my body as I gasped for air.  I hadn't realized
it at the time, but I must have been holding my breath almost the entire time. 
Oh God, Oh God.... I kept moaning to myself.  I was rocking from side to side,
like a little girl trying to comfort herself.  The fear of discovery... the
shock of my jumping to the pop of the cork... and now the relief of knowing once
again I was safe.  'Ohhhhhh God... ', I moaned again, this time due to the
unbelievable pressure of an orgasm that was building up within me.  It took me
by surprise, but the release from my terror and the effect of the rocking on the
coke bottle were having a wonderful effect on me.  My sex was burning with
desire.  I began to scissor my legs open and closed, not an easy task, but my
need pushed me beyond normal strength.  I could feel the smooth plastic rubbing
against my inner walls.  My leg movements were pushing the pseudo dildo
marginally into and out of my hungry cavern.  'Ohhhhhh YEAH', I yelled into my
gag as the waves cascaded over me.  Over and over and over.  God, how can he
continue to find ways to make my orgasms even more and more intense, I wondered
as the warm after glow began to settle upon me.  I lounged contentedly in my
bonds, now enjoying everything in the whole world.

Greg returned shortly afterwards and promptly removed my gag and pulled out the
coke bottle.  'Ahhhh', I groaned in relief, as my stretched cunny was able to
relax to normal size.  'That was the most horrifying thing that has ever
happened to me.'  I paused looking up at his smiling face.  'But, Good Lord, you
are good', I moaned as I stretched within my bindings.  Greg wrapped the
slippery coke bottle in a linen napkin as I spoke.  'Yes', he answered.  'I can
see that I was even better than I expected.'  For whatever reason, I blushed at
that statement.

'God, I was so scared that the bellman was going to lift that bedspread at any
moment...' then I told him the rest of my story in a gush of unrelated thoughts
and feelings.  Greg continued to smile at me as he sat next to my head and
looked down upon my bound form.  I could see his eyes looking over my entire
body as I spoke.  His fingers caressingly combed through the hair at the top of
my head.  Strangely it made me feel good.  Like a fashion model being
appreciated for the way she walks down the runway. 

'Just what would you have said, pray tell, if the bellman had found you and
removed your gag?', He asked with a chuckle.  I had to think about that one. 
It's funny but up until now I hadn't thought of saying anything.  Hell, I was
bound and gagged with a coke in my twat.  What could I say?  Could I borrow your
bottle opener?  'I guess that I would have told him that my boyfriend had gotten
kinky on me... but, to leave me as I was.  I'd try to make him believe that this
was a one time thing, that I loved you enough to let it pass and hopefully get
it out of your system', I finally answered.  'You see you weren't entirely
helpless', Greg said.  'He might have gotten an eyeful and had a great story to
tell his friends, but that was about the extent of your danger.'  I thought
about it and how I had felt so frightened about being discovered... 'But, he
would have seen me like this', I tossed my head from side to side trying to
encompass my entire body with the motion.  'Yes, he would have.  Would that have
been so terrible?', he asked calmly.  My mouth opened, but no words would come
out.  'Wha... Wha... What are you trying to say, that I would like someone else
seeing me like this?', I asked incredulously.  Looking at me seriously he
answered, 'I don't know.  You have to answer that question for yourself.'  He
paused and we just looked into each other's eyes.  Both silently questioning the
others motives.  'What do you really like about bondage?', he finally asked.

Ah, so this is what he was leading up to.  God, this man was hard to please.  He
wants to marry me, but at the same time he questions my motives for loving what
he obviously loves at every turn.  That's OK, though, he's been burned before
and he's scared of me doing the same thing to him.  Sooner or latter he will
understand that he doesn't have to worry.

'It all very new to me', I responded openly.  'I'm not sure about everything
that I like and don't like yet, but I do know this:  I like being bound here
before you.  Despite all of the physical discomforts, there is something
immensely satisfying in being helpless and totally dependent upon you... my
loving master.'  I smiled at him and he leaned down and gave me a soft tender
kiss.  'What do you like about bondage?' I countered him softly.

'Similar to you, I most like having you helpless before me', he responded
equally softly.  One of his hands began to trace my bound limbs.  'I love
looking at the almost mathematical symmetry of your bound form.   Hmmm, yes', he
sighed.  'You my dear are undoubtedly a beautiful woman, but when you have given
yourself to me so completely and when you are bound so wondrously... well, to me
it makes you the most exciting women in the world!'  He sighed once more.  'In
all honesty, looking at you dressed so provocatively and bound so makes me
hotter than I can tell you.  I have to constantly restrain myself so that I
don't just give into my impulses and screw you wildly as soon as I see you.'  He
paused again; I said nothing because I realized he was baring part of his sole
to me.  'Princess, every time I think of you I want you.  Every time I look at
you I desperately want you and every time your bound before me I can barely
control myself...' He hung his head, as if in shame.

I didn't see the problem he seemed to be facing within himself.  Quietly I
asked, 'That's lovely honey, but truly I don't see your dilemma.'  His
face-hardened and he rasped back at me, 'I'm the master, I am always supposed to
be in control!'  I felt like laughing out loud.  Now I know Zippo about being a
master, but I had read my share of romance novels and my honey fit right into
the classic mold.  'Master', I said softly.  'You are always in control.  I have
no desire, or will, to take that from you.'  I paused trying to figure how to
frame the rest of my assurance.  'From my point of view, what you are saying
isn't a problem, but something wonderful.'  He raised his head and his eyes
looked at me probingly.  'That your desire for me could drive such a strong man
to distraction, must assuredly mean that he loves me.  I can't think of any
nicer compliment that you could pay your, oh so contented slave.'  He smiled at
my wink and his dark mood seemed to break.

He looked up at the ceiling and said, 'God, whatever I did to deserve this
incredible woman, please tell me and I will promise to do more.'  Looking to me. 
'You know that you are incredible, don't you?'  I smiled and did my best to
shrug my shoulders, 'I find it hard to believe, but I love it when you tell me
so!'  He rolled me unto my side as his lips found mine.  I pulled a bit at my
bound arms, despite knowing better, I just really wanted to hold him.  His
kisses became more and more passionate as his hands explored the tightly
stretched material covering my breasts.    One hand slid gently down my side
until it reached the strip of towel binding ankle to thigh.  He traced the
indent caused in my flesh by the very secure bonds, with his sensual digits. 
Both of our breathings had increased.  God, I wanted him.  I wanted him now.  I
wanted him exploding in me.... NOW!  Like telepathy he seemed to know, what I
wanted.  But rather than complete the act, his kisses began to slow and his
hands moved behind my head.  With a last few kisses he broke off our embrace and
cupping my head looked deeply into my eyes.  'I love you Princess', he said
simply.  'I love you Master', I responded softly.  We smiled at each other. 
Life was good.




Leather & Lace
Chapter 10 - First Date: Bondage Challenge - Part II
By the White Knight

With a few deft movements Greg removed the strips of cloth from my legs and
upper body.  I sat up and rubbed gently at my wrists.  It was interesting that
the soft cloth had hardly left any marks on my skin at all.  Certainly there was
a certain amount of redness, but nothing like the angry looking indentations
made by rope.  I was surprised to realize that I sort of missed that look. 

'Come on, Sharon.  Act Two is about to begin and guess who's the star
attraction?', my master said as he held out his hand.  Accepting his help, I
stood up besides him awaiting further orders.  'Into the living room with you
wench', he cried.  I gave a short curtsey, the best I could in my sky-high
heels, and then scurried out of the bedroom. 

Greg turned off all of the lights around the room.  Then opened the drapes,
which covered the entire wall of floor to ceiling panes of glass.  This afforded
us a wonderful view of the entire town.  The glimmering lights of the street
lamps, apartments and houses were spread out below us and up the nearby hill. It
wasn't the Manhattan skyline, but it was still a beautiful picture.

There was almost a full moon and this cast a bluish light into the room.  Taking
a chair from the desk in the corner, Greg placed it close to the window.  I was
a little miffed that he had it facing into the room, but I moved over to sit in
the chair without complaint.  As I turned to sit I noticed Greg shaking his head
'no'.  'Sorry darling, no sitting down on the job.  You'll be standing behind
the chair and tied over it', he informed me.  With a sweep of his hand towards
the solid glass wall he smiled and asked, 'Get the picture?'  Bound over the
chair my naked butt would be on display for the entire town.  Granted no one
could see into the darkened room, but.... just the thought of being on display
like that started my juices flowing once more.  'You are very devious, master
Gregory', I said in a soft sensual voice.  'I like that in a man!'.  Sliding
into position as I spoke.

Tapping my legs he had me spread them so my feet were outside of each of the
chairs back legs.  I was able to look down and watch as he attached me to the
chair.  It was like watching a craftsman at work.  Each leg was bound, a little
higher than ankle level, to the crossbars and rear legs of the sturdy seat. 
This was not the amazing part though; it was the loving way that he did it. 
Both of the bonds looked like perfect duplications of the other.  Somehow,
despite the rough medium he was using, he made the bonds look... attractive.  I
couldn't help thinking pride fully that Mr. Thatcher better watch his back,
because my man was every bit as good as him.  Maybe even better!

I tested my bonds as he rose from his crouched position.  They were not loose,
yet at the same time neither weren't they overly tight.  They seemed to encase
my white nylon stocking covered calves and the wooden struts in a new and
immovable coating of white terry material.  He asked me to hold out my wrists. 
'Greg.... I mean master', I said shyly.  'May I tell you something?'  He nodded
his head, yes.  'I can't understand it, but when you tie me up.... no not just
because you are tying me up, but the skill with which you bind me.... well,
master, it does something to me... it sort of... makes me hot.', I ended my
flustered statement softly.

Smiling he continued his work of binding my wrists.  'This is definitely the
beginning of a beautiful friendship' he intoned.  'Princess, please don't feel
shy about telling me these things.  Feel free to tell me your likes and
dislikes, about anything and everything that we do.  I promise you they will
never be held against you.'  Finishing tying my wrists together, side by side,
he continued, 'In fact because of your frankness, I am going to forgo your gag
during this bondage scene.'  Pressing gently against my bare shoulder he added,
'Now lean forward so that we can complete your positioning'.  Bending at the
middle, I used my hands to help keep my balance as I followed his instructions. 
I was able to get pretty comfortable, by spreading my elbows and using them as
support for my upper body.  The weight caused them to dig into the seat of the
chair, but it was well padded, so with a few adjustments I was entirely
satisfied.  Greg did not seem to object as he busied himself with using another
piece of the towel to bind my joined wrist to both front legs of the chair. 
Lastly, he passed a strip around my waist and bound me to the frame backing.

He stood back and I watched him through a cloud of my own hair.  Greg looked at
me like an artist examining his work.  I almost laughed as I realized that his
calm demeanor, was only a front... at least judging by the bulge in his pants! 
'Legs straight, darling', he softly admonished.  I quickly tightened my stance. 
The only problem with my position was that with the addition of my five-inch
heels, my mid-point was above the back of the chair.  Keeping my legs straight
put a lot of strain on leg muscles, much more than I would have ever realized. 
Grunting, I settled my buttocks up a little higher, making it more predominant.

Starting at the hem of my skirt he carefully rolled it up until it was just a
lump of material behind the rope binding my waist to the chair.  Greg looked out
the window and said thoughtfully, 'I wonder if there is some guy out there on
the next hill with a telescope.  Out to look at the constellations and finding
himself starring at your lovely moons.'  His hands caressed me as he spoke and I
all but melted to his touch.  I moaned gloriously.  I still could not get over
how being bound could make the simplest movements so sensual. 

His hands were not confined to my curved rear, but slid down my legs.  Digits
tested my garters and rubbed them against my smooth thighs.  Lace stocking tops
were given special attention all of there own.  Caresses flowed down white nylon
sheathed legs, until I knew he must have been kneeling behind me.  His tongue
darted out and touched one of my cheeks.  I gasped, expelling all of the air in
my lungs, in my excitement.  My feet ground into the toes of my high heels as I
squirmed to find release from my bindings.  Once again his tongue licked me,
closer this time to my heated sex.  'Oh God, please master.  Please....', I
cried out.  All I received were a few more teasing strokes and strained muscles
from trying to escape my bonds.  I desperately wanted to grab his head and push
it between my legs.

He stood and moved his attention to my chest.  Strong hands cupped my breasts
through thin material of my halter-top.  I shivered as my nipples hardened to
his touch and rubbed teasingly against the soft inner lining.  'Please master
take me.  I need you in me... Please', I pleaded breathlessly.  With a quick
little pinch to each nipple he removed his hands and turned to leave the room. 
Once again I moaned in frustration and desire.

I watched as he went into the bedroom.  'Master, your slave wants you', I
continued to plead.  Receiving no answer I tried, 'How long are you going to
leave me like this master?'  It was difficult to hold my head in the position to
see the bedroom door, so I didn't notice his return right away.  'Oh, not long,
Princess', he answered.  Just long enough to get you to come once or twice.'  I
smiled up at him through my cascading hair and cried out happily, 'Oh thank you,
master'.  He turned to put on the stereo.  Rock music began to fill the room. 
It was louder than I thought necessary.  But as he turned towards me I began to
understand his reasoning.

Leaning further forward I used my bond hands to pull my hair from in front of my
eyes.  I gulped. 'What do you have there master?', I asked.  He held out what
look like an eighteen inch rod and responded, 'A shoehorn, my dear.  All fine
hotel's are equipped with them'.  He turned it over in his hands.  'Wrapped
leather handle, short bamboo shaft ending in a metal shoe horn', he intoned
informatively.  Changing his grip, he quickly swung the ordinary looking item
that had now become a whipping tool.  I closed my eyes and tensed my buttocks
unconsciously.  SMACK, the striking of the metal paddle sounded loud in the air. 
I looked up mystified.

The metal horn rested against his own leg.  'Very effective actually, for such a
crude replacement for a proper paddle', he said with a slight grimace.  Then he
smiled at me and dropped the offending item onto a nearby love seat.  'But guess
what Princess', he said brightly.  'My purpose isn't to cause you pain.... well
at least not to that extent.  Oh no, my beautiful darling, my aim in your second
bondage is to teach you that it is not only the bad girls who get spanked. 
Sometimes it the very good girls that deserve such a reward.'  I looked at him
blankly at first.  I really didn't understand, but his enthusiasm made me feel
confident that what was about to befall me would not be horrible.  'Now what
would you rather have me do, Princess', he asked softly.  'Whip you or spank
you?'

Licking my lips I responded equally softly, 'Spank me please, master'.  Then
quickly realizing my gaff responding to his trick question, I quickly added,
'But, if it pleases you to whip me master, then that is what I wish.'  Greg
shook his head.  'I thought I had you there for a minute, Princess.'  Stepping
behind me he once again began to caress my milky moons.

'What an absolutely gorgeous rear end you have, my dear', he said gaily.  My
rear tensed, even to the point of twitching as I waited for him to begin. 
Seeing this he worked to calm me by using his fingers to lightly trace spirals
on my ass.  His soft caressing touch slid across my cheeks.  He began rubbing my
buttocks with both hands, warming my tender flesh.  Silently he sent a hand
between my legs and quickly drove a few fingers between my lips.  'Ah, you
vixen.  I really must marry you', he chuckled.  'Smart, beautiful, fun to be
with... and even when bound helplessly your hotter than a furnace!'  At first I
blushed, but then I just let my hair hide my delighted smile.  I was feeling
very very vulnerable in this position, but at the same time... I want to please
him so badly. 'Especially when I am bound and helpless before you, master', I
add softly.  Greg chuckles once more.

I am suspended in a state of excited anticipation as I awaited my coming ordeal.
Smack.  His strong bare hand met my quivering flesh.   'Mmmmm', I moaned through
clenched teeth.  Smack.  'Ohhh', I sighed.  Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack.  I
moaned and groaned to each cut across my bottom.  He was switching his swats
from one cheek to the next, alternating on every other stroke. 

After the first few strokes I began to realize that this spanking was different
then any other that I had received in my life.  Mind you the only one that had
ever spanked me before this had been my father and that had been a long time
ago.  But what he was doing to me wasn't like a true spanking; it was more like
a sexual stinging.  His strokes were like glancing blows, slapping my rump hard
enough to sting, but not like the painful strokes that I remembered from my
childhood.  My father had raised his hand straight up and whacked downwards with
all the weight of his hand and arm.  Gregory's hand was more like a plane
practicing take off's and landings.  Down, smack and back up again.

'I really wish you could see you ass when it gets hit.  It's really quite
amazing.  Your cheeks are wonderfully firm, but they have just the right amount
of extra padding that lets a slap ripple across them like a rock thrown into a
pond.'  He rubs my heated skin, swirling the pain into a soothing caress. 
Whack.  'Ooohhhh', I moaned.  This blow had come upwards against the soft curve
of my rear just above where it met my thigh. My left cheek was thrust upwards by
this blow and I could feel my whole cheek wiggle.  'Hmmmmm', I winced as he
repeated the same cut, expect this time to my right globe. 

As his blows came closer to my aching pussy, the stinging sensation began to
turn from pain to an almost indescribable pleasure.  'Ohhh, yeah', I moaned as a
grin spread across my face.  Greg, as always noticed everything.  'You liking
this aren't you Princess?', he asked as his next measured blow landed.  'Ooohhh,
yes master', I moaned softly in reply.  'Are you almost ready to come, beautiful
one'.  I moaned again and shifted my hips seductively.  'Yes, please master.  I
just need a little more stimulation.... if you would please just touch my
pussy....', I pleaded gently.

'That's what I'm here for, darling' he answered with another chuckle.  He must
have used a remote control, because just then the stereo changed songs.  The
unmistakable beginning of Thuorgood's 'Bad to the Bone' sounded ominously in the
room.  'I broke a thousands hearts baby, before I met you...' the song stated as
Greg sang along with it.  He again rubbed my now aching ass with both hands.  I
winced at first, but then relaxed as it began to feel good.  'A little more
stimulation, you say...', Greg stated happily.  'No problem'. 

'Ow. Ow. Ooww. Ooww.  Ooww. Ooowww. Ooowwww', I cried out in pain and surprise. 
When Thorgood stuttered out 'B-B-B-B-Bad, B-B-B-Bad, B-B-B-Bad, Bad to the Bone'
Greg quickly slapped my pulsating puss in time to the music!  The blows weren't
hard, only swift stinging taps, but had switched to the crop / shoe horn and
that made me stand up and take notice.  My eyes popped wide open in surprise. 
He had landed maybe fifteen of the quick strikes in half as many seconds.  The
hard round metal meeting my tender mons, sounded like the cracks of machine gun
fire.  My legs strained and my body jerked, trying to pull me upwards away from
the swats landing between my legs.  Thank God, that as over almost before I had
realized that it had begun.

With the singer now going on with the lyrics, Greg's tongue began to work
against my heated puss.  Pushing my lips aside with one hand his tongue darted
into my warm juicy interior.  His second hand followed the crack of my ass
upwards.  His thumb found my rosebud and he began to stroke it.  This combined
with his tongue arriving at my clit, almost made me lose it.  By bending my legs
at the knees and then straightening them I am able to buck my hips in time to
his pleasure giving oral delights.  I could feel another wonderful orgasm
building within me....

B-B-B-B-Bad... 'Ow. Ow. Ooww. Ooww.  Ooww', I cry out once again.  The stinging
slaps once again, hold off my orgasm.  'Aaaaaarrrrrrgggggghhhhh', I moan angrily
in frustration.  Clenching and unclenching my fists I bit my lip so that I
wouldn't complain.  Once again his hands were rubbing my reddened rump and then
pulling my ass cheeks apart. This same process went on numerous more times until
the song ended.  Each time that I was ready to cum... SMACK. SMACK. SMACK.  The
hard metal meets my soft flesh.  My poor cunny was on fire and all I could do
was moan and buck my hips in frustration!  'Just a little more stimulation, eh
Princess', he asks again.

 'OOOOoooohhhhhhhh', I moan in surprise.... and despite the shock in absolute
pleasure.  Obviously deciding that I was hot enough Greg had released his raging
hard on and impaled me upon it!  No warnings, just a little pressure and then
one deep diving plunge.  At first it felt like a hot poker had been shoved into
my love canal.  My bruised lips screamed in pain as they spread to accept his
manhood but in seconds the lovely feeling of him driving in and out of me took
over.   'Oh, yes', I screamed.  'God, yes. Do me Greg!'  Each of his inward
strokes pushed his pelvis against my aching mound.  As his balls slapped against
my mons it was like being spanked there once again.  This formed a weird
pleasure / pain heat that flowed directly into my pussy like an electric shock. 
Oh, God, the glorious pain and the wondrous satisfaction of finally having him
dip his tool deep into me were incredible.  'Yessss,  Yessss, Yessss', I
screamed as my orgasm rumbled through my body.

Greg's motions had become increasing quicker as his own loud breathing matched
pace.  'Oh, yeah', he hissed.  Burying himself to the hilt, he exploded sending
his warm milky seed deep into my womb.  Pulling out quickly afterwards, he shot
cascades of the sticky cum against my heated ass cheeks.  Laying his cock into
my crack he pumped himself until every last drop was drained from his still hard
rod.  I could feel it flow slowly, like a small river, down my split and unto my
pubic hair.

Gasping for breath, I began to slowly relax and fade into that glorious after
sex state.  I lay heavily against the chair top.  No longer did I have the
strength to support my own weight.  But, I didn't care in the least!  Greg had
once again begun to rub my buttocks, massaging his own cum into my flesh like a
healing balm.  Slowly, wondrously, his hands rubbed his seed into my heated
cheeks.  I groaned in absolute ecstasy!

With one last teasing slap to my rear he removed my bonds so that we could take
a shower off our lust-coated bodies.   As I turned to face him, he stood with
his arms open and a grin on his face.  'Come here, honey', he whispered softly. 
My dress fell back into place as I rushed into his embrace.  He held my head
gently and we shared a lovely tongue-tangling kiss.  After a few loving minutes
we separated.  'It may sound like a line from a movie, but I'll say it anyway. 
I never knew that I could be like this', I admitted softly as I shook my head. 
'Neither did I, princes.  Neither did I', he breathed softly into my hair. 
'Come on, Greg.  You must have known... you have all the moves, you know just
what to do... you must have experienced this before', I stated unbelievingly.

'It's the truth, Sharon.  This isn't some line to make you feel good or
special,' he said gently.  'YOU ARE SPECIAL.  Everything I do with you is
different....  It's better than I could ever imagine....'  I still found it
difficult to understand.  'But you've done this, or at least things like this
with other women?', I persisted.  Somewhere in the back of my mind I always knew
that the thought of this had bothered me.  Now I just had to know. 

'I've certainly had experiences like this', Greg emphasized the word like. 
'Yes, I experienced bondage with other women.  Not to mention Cassy and the
films I've made.  But, truth be told, I have never felt what you make me feel. 
Sharon, the bottom line is that no one has ever touched me the way you do', he
shared softly.  'The way you walk, the way you talk... and especially the
delicious way you think!'  A shiver ran through his body.  'Sharon, I can't stop
thinking about you.  Night and day, you're constantly on my mind.  Everything
from different lingerie that I would love to see you wear, to... having children
with you.'  He sighed heavily.  'I truly believe that I have found my sole mate
and I hope you do also.'

I gave him a big squeeze and pushed away from him.  He looked at me and couldn't
help seeing the tears streaming down my face.  'I love you too sole mate', I
said.  I laughed only to stop my crying.  'But, we really are going to have to
work on your sharing your thoughts.  It seems to me like you have to fight with
yourself to tell me these things.... Darling, your not giving up any control by
telling me you love me.  That I promise you.  If anything it only makes our
entire relationship stronger.'  The tears refused to stop.  'Besides a woman
loves to hear that her man loves her, desires her.... wants her.'




Leather & Lace
Chapter 11 -  First Date: Bondage Challenge - Part III
By the White Knight

We hugged and then he took my small hand in his and led me to the bathroom.  I
visited the bedai first and then joined him in the shower.  The  big glass stall
easily accommodated two people.  Thoughtfully, he had kept the water to a luke
warm temperature.  Even this felt burning hot on my whipped rump.  He lathered
me with soft liquid soap.  Caressing the soap onto my skin, rather than simply
rubbing.  As the minutes passed he turned up the temperature until the water was
pleasantly hot.  The hot water and his massaging hands were like magic upon my
strained muscles.  I leaned back against his strong body as I melted to his
touch.  Next he shampooed my hair.  Slowly, deliciously he ran his fingers
through my long hair.  Gently separating the few tangles he found.  I was in
seventh heaven.

Afterwards he dried me with more of the huge fluffy towels.  When he was also
dry he led me into the living room.  Greg smiled and pointed to white box
sitting on the desk.  'I got you a present while I was out', he said.  He looked
at me and saw my hesitation, 'Go ahead open it.   I promise that it won't bite.' 
I love presents, so just like a little girl, I ran to the box and forced it
open.  I had to push the soft tissue paper out of the way to see what was
inside.  'Oh, its lovely', I crooned as I picked the bright pink teddy with the
white ribbon trim from the box.  Noticing something below the teddy I looked
back into the box.   A pair of white nylon stay-up stockings and matching pink
isotner slippers!  I game him a big hug.  'They are all beautiful.  The slippers
were especially thoughtful.'

'Yes, I have been meaning to ask you about them', Greg said softly as he picked
up the  isotoners and looked them over.  'In the short time we've been together
I've noticed that you love slippers like these.  Why is that?'  I took them from
his hand and slipped them on. Crinkling my feet and watching the material ripple
in concert with my milky skin.  'It's like having a warm silky hug with each
step.  Sort of like walking barefoot, but better, as your feet are supported by
the padded insole.  Ohhh, and the way that they mold themselves to my feet and
make me feel... surrounded... secure.  Yes, that's it they give me a feeling
like a kids security blanket!'  I sighed softly and gave a shrug, 'But, mostly
they just make me feel gooood!'

My expression changed and I again looked up at him.  'I am still a little
confused, where could you possibly have gotten them from at this time of
night?', I asked perplexed.  It was after nine o'clock and I was sure that all
of the shops in the area were closed.  'It's amazing what doors will be opened
for the son of the man that employees twenty percent of a towns population', he
replied rather smugly.  'They have a small lingerie store right here in the
hotel.  I persuaded the manager to allow me access.., 'just this one time' as he
said.  Then to make sure that I retained his goodwill I left him with a hundred
dollar bill to pay for these items.' 

I nodded my head.  'Very impressive.  Thank you very much I love them, but what
do we need them for?  You can bind me up naked as a jay bird and have access to
any part of me that you want... so just as you were wondering about my footwear
fetish , I am  wondering about this?'

His gaze upon me bordered on angelic, 'Ah, another of my passions... lingerie. 
You see dearest one, regardless of how absolutely beautiful your unclad body is,
when you are graced with sensuous lingerie, you become a goddess.  It is like
wearing a string of pearls to highlight your lovely neck or diamond stud
earrings to show off your sensuous lobes.  To me lingerie is the icing on a
delicious pastry.'  He concluded his statement in an almost professorial tone. 

'Will wonders never cease', I replied.  'A man exists that just doesn't want to
rip off his woman's clothes, but actually appreciates her clad form!'  I shook
my head.  'I am definitely starting to believe in this pre-designation theory of
yours', I told him.  'I adore the thought of getting ready for my lover. 
Putting on sexy lingerie has always been part of my fantasy preparation when I
do so.  Sliding on those sexy items and thinking of you reacting to me in them,
well it makes me feel... hot!'  I hissed out the word hot.  Then, frowning, I
said, 'Old what-his-name wouldn't care if I came to bed in old rags as long as
he got his before he fell off to sleep.'

'Oh, you'll never have to worry about that with me, baby', Greg said with a
smile.  'In fact I hope you don't mind, but it's very likely that I will be
buying you many presents like this one.  I realize that it's actually buying
myself a present, but when I see something sexy and I imagine you in it... well,
I just have to get it for you.' He looked downright bashful as he admitted this
to me. I hugged him again and said, 'I'll wear anything you want me to wear,
master.  But don't be so sure about you being the only one to enjoy the present! 
Personally, I am betting that I will enjoy them most because just the thought of
getting you excited sends shivers straight to my sex!.' 

This led to more kissing and caressing, but with my hands free Greg had to break
things up much earlier than last time.  'Aaa, Aaa, Aaaaaa', he said to me
shaking his finger.  I promised you three exciting bondages for the evening and
if you keep me going like this we will never get to the third!  Pointing to my
new presents he commanded me, 'Now go get dressed and I will prepare for your
final event.'  I picked up my gifts and began to comply.  As he left the room I
called after him, 'All right, master.  But, the way I'm counting your already up
two to nothing, so I can't wait to see what you have lined up for the finale!' 
He chuckled and responded, 'Two out of three ain't bad, but I will only settle
for three out of three, Princess.'

I stood naked in front of the bathroom mirror as I dried my hair with the built
in blow dryer.  Taking a few extra minutes I reapplied my make-up and added a
few drops of perfume.  Reaching for my new treasures, I decided to begin with
the stockings.  They were exquisite!  Made of silk with sexy seems running up
the back.  Unrolling them up my leg was a warm sensuous task.  I luxuriated in
the feel of the smooth mesh sliding up my limbs, but I was surprised by how far
they went up my thigh.  The pretty elasticized lace at their tops ended only
inches from my crotch, where it dug tightly into the fleshy part of my thighs.  
I tested them by squatting, flexing my leg and flexing my feet, but they held
their place admirably.  These babies weren't going anywhere without help!

Picking up the teddy, I marveled at the feel of the soft fabric.  I had been
fooled into thinking that it was a standard nylon make, but now I could see that
it was also made of silk.  Sliding it over my head, I shimmied into the
skintight negligee.  It was only when it rolled over my walloped rump that I
began to remember the ache in my buttocks.  The fire, thank god, was all but
extinguished.  Going over my rear turned out OK, it was snapping the crotch shut
that  proved to be extremely.... challenging!  There were five little hooks that
held the two halves of the teddy's panties together.  Attaching them meant
pulling the soft material tight over my still inflamed vagina.  I literally had
to grit my teeth, to handle the pain of closing the pink nighties crotch.  Once
closed though, the ache settled down to a steady warm throbbing.

I decided to slip on the isotoners while standing.  The thought of sitting down
to do so, just wasn't all that appealing.  Taking a final look in the mirror, I
made a few adjustments to my make up and hair.  I smiled at myself. The shinny
pink body suit fit  like a glove, it was as skin tight as any spandex that I had
ever worn.  This of course made sense because Greg had brought a size 'small'. 
Now fortunately, I am not a large woman, but I probably would have selected a
medium.  This was mainly due to my height that caused the tightness of the
teddy's crotch, but also because of the tight fit over my breasts.  The heart
shaped opening and the smaller sized cups left little of my mammary mounds
covered.  Even the tips of my nipples popped above the sheer pink silk to peer
through the lace fringe.  Despite all of this, I had to admit, I made a truly
sexy sight!

'Ready or not here I come, oh master of mine', I called as I strode through the
door and down the short hall.  He stood in the center of the living room, arms
folded across his chest and a large smile framing his face.  I modeled his
purchases for him.  Hands on hips, I thrusts my breasts forward and gave him a
piercing gaze.  A half turn, to present my profile.  Flex my leg at the knee and
my foot like a ballet dancer to show off the pink slipper clinging to my white
silk-sheathed limb.  Keeping my face full to him I gave him a seductive look and
blew him a kiss.  Another half turn presented him with a full view of my rear. 
I rubbed my hands sensuously over my cheeks, reminding him of our last exciting
encounter.  Then returning to face forward, I gave him a petite curtsey and
asked, 'Where would you like me now master?'

Still smiling he pointed over toward the couch.  Lying on its back before it was
what looked like a piano seat.  It had been turned upside down and all four of
the intricately carved wooden legs were pointing up into the air.  I walked over
to it, but I wasn't sure how to proceed.  Was I to sit in it or next to it? Lie
in it?  Greg saw my questioning glance and explained, 'You knell over it, my
dear.'  OK, no problem, I thought to myself.  I knelt behind one of the set of
legs and then bending my body at the middle let my hands come to rest on either
side of the other set of legs.  Now I could see why the bench was upside down.  
My thighs were pressed tightly against the two rear legs and the two front legs
surrounded my back just behind my shoulders.  If the seat had been upright, I
would never have been able to kneel over it.  Greg really was ingenious about
these things.

With no words passing between us, my master / lover set to work.  Using a couple
of the terry strips on each arm he 'laced' it against the appropriate leg.  That
is to say that he wound and tied the strips so expertly that it looked like
spiral of criss crossing laces riding up my arms.  My legs were a little more
difficult and he ended up having me spread my knees even wider apart.  Each knee
was bound tightly to the leg as close as possible to the base, then he used
other strips to entwine my legs upwards to the top of my thighs.  The smooth
wood felt cool against my white stocking sheathed gams.  I pushed and pulled
against my bonds, but only to get the feel of them.  Lastly he pulled my ankles
together and bound them side-by-side.  Once again I was totally helpless and
immobilized before my master.

'How does that feel', asked Greg from behind me.  'Fine', I answered simply. 
'Any discomfort in kneeling?', he questioned me further.  'No. No, I'm perfectly
fine', I replied sincerely.  This was true as the thick rug performed like a
soothing cushion.

I felt his fingers working at the fastenings at my crotch.  I bit my lip rather
than cry out as he undid the snaps one by one.   Breathing a sigh of relief, I
felt him push the silk from my rear up onto my back.  Looking over my shoulder I
saw him pouring lotion onto his hands.  In seconds I could feel his warm
delicious hands massaging my abused rump once again.  Oh, God it felt so
wonderful!  Again and again he kneaded my flesh rubbing the soothing liquid into
my still hot ass. 

I moaned contentedly as he poured more of the cool lotion onto my buttocks.  His
hands spread my cheeks, to get at the liquid that had pooled in my crack.  I
jumped a bit in my bonds.  'Ow', I complained.  'Hmmmm.... master what are
you....DOOOOINNNNG back there?', I asked.  The question was basically already
answered as he had shoved a finger deep into my little rear hole, while I spoke. 
'I'm getting you ready to be fucked in your cute little ass', he answered with a
happy lilt in his voice.  He continued to ream my hole and rubbed more of the
slippery lotion against my puckered anus.  'OOOOhhhhhhh', I cried out as again
one of his fingers invaded me.

'Hmmmm... master, I've never had sex that way before.  Do you think that it will
be all right?' I asked him carefully.  'You've worn a butt plug a number of
times', he replied distractedly as he continued to concentrate on lubing me up. 
'I'm sure it will be fine.'  Sure. Sure. I thought to myself.  That plug was
only four inches long and I had to push it in by leaning against a dresser! 
'Master', I tried again.  'I'm really... really tight back there and
hhmmmm.....'  Before I could finish my thought to try and keep him out of my
ass, he piped up with, 'Yes. Yes.  Good point!' 

He knee walked over to be in front of me.  Greg was naked and semi-erect as he
knelt before me.  'Yes, you'll have to get me good and hard so that I can make
it past your tight rear doorway', he said as he circled his member with one hand
and held it up towards my lips.

'Let me get this clear', I said pulling backwards against my bonds.  'You want
me to blow you, so that you'll be hard enough to screw my asshole... hmmm, my
Lord?'  I asked him in a disbelievingly tone.  'That's exactly right', he
replied non-chalantly. Relenting a little as he noticed my disbelieving look he
continued more softly, 'Look, honey, just try it.  You can't know if you like it
or not until you've tried it.'

I shook my head in an exasperated negative motion.   'Sharon, would you have
ever asked to be bound helplessly underneath a sheet, while a waiter pours
champagne not three feet away?  Or would you have asked to have you pussy
spanked before I made love to you?', he chided me gently.  Meeting his eyes, I
shook my head no.  'And did both of those encounters turn out alright?', he
questioned me.  I gave him a more determined nod of my head to reply 'yes'.  'So
what do you say, babe?', he asked softly.  His eyes beamed love at me and I knew
then that I could deny him nothing.  'You're the master, my Lord',  I replied as
I shook my head. 'But, please be gentle master, OK?'  His smile broadened and he
answered with a jaunty 'of course my dear'.

For the second time that night his member found its way between my pursed lips.  
This time, however, the job before me was much more difficult.  For one thing I
didn't have use of my hands and had to depend, almost entirely on my master as
to where and how he wanted me to take him.  Secondly, he was far from hard....
flaccid even, so it was difficult to keep him in my mouth once I got him there. 
Lastly, he had already climaxed twice this evening, which was the max old-what's
his name was ever able to cum in one night.

Greg began to speak as I licked, nibbled and sucked on his manhood.  'I love
looking at your ass while your blowing me.  Those lovely cheeks of yours are
still a very light shade of pink, hmmmmm.... it makes them look warm and
inviting.  Ohhh yeah, that was a particularly satisfying suck you just gave me. 
You must be happy with my praise.  I can tell because you're flexing your feet
in your slippers.  I can see why you like them.  Its very sexy watching the pink
nylon play against the white silk.'  His musings seemed to be having a
stimulating effect on both of us.  His rod was hardening much faster than I
would have believed possible and my pussy was actually getting damp!  I found it
hard to understand, but somehow his sexual interest in me and my body was
exciting me.  He stopped his long and slow plunges down my throat and pulled out
to only let me at the top two inches.  I began to suck on him.  Nibble around
the top of his circumcised head and lick against his sensitive fore skin.  Soon
I began to notice the taste of salty pre-cum drops.  I looked away from his
crotch and up towards his face.  He was intently looking over my head.  'There
she blows', he cried.  'When you just arched your butt your asshole showed
itself.  God, it excites the hell out of me to think that when I pull out of
your mouth, my next stop is going to be your tight little hole.'

'Hmmmmm, good enough babe', he said softly as he pulled from my encircling lips. 
I was scared and excited all at the same time.  I know it shouldn't be that
bad.... I had used the butt plug, but..... I was still frightened.  He knee
walked behind me and parted my cheeks with both hands.  He rubbed his cock
against my slippery crack.  I could feel his head press up against my nether
hole.  Closing my eyes, I lowered my head and gritted my teeth in preparation
for the pain I was sure would follow.

'Hmmmmpphhh', Greg grunted as he pushed against my rear entrance.  His liberal
use of lotion as a lubricant worked against him this time, as his head slid away
from its intended course.  After a few failed attempts I decided to try to find
out what was going on back there.  Straining to look over my shoulder, I was
just in time to see him use his hand to guide his manhood forward.  Yet still my
tight anal muscles, refused to yield him admittance.  Not giving up he began to
thrust back and forth.  Each drive seemed to weaken my puckered rear doors
resolve to keep him out.

My body went rigid and I sucked in a deep breath as his efforts finally paid
off. 'Ooohhhhh SHIT', I groaned.  Only his head was in me but it felt like a
burning poker had been shoved into my ass.  'Master....master.... that hurts so
much', I gasped breathlessly.  He had completely stopped moving when he had
achieved access.  'Sssshhhhh', he said softly.  'Relax.  You've got to calm down
and relax you sphincter muscles.'   He massaged my back and hips and sooner than
I would have thought, I got used to having him in there.  Slowly, ever so
agonizingly slowly, my rear end did relax... just slightly.  Greg, perhaps
sensing this or more likely feeling it began to once again drive forward.  I
immediately tensed up, but this time he was not deterred.  'Uuuuggggghhh', I
grunted softly as he pressed his way into my tight rump.  His weight pushed my
hips forward and I found I had to really use my arms to keep myself stable. 
Gritting my teeth, I pushed backwards against him and with one last huge groan,
he leaned forward and buried himself to the hilt. 

'Oooowwwwww', I moaned as his heavy ball sacks rubbed up against my abused lower
lips.  He pulled backwards about an inch or two before sliding back in.  In and
out he went.  My teeth were still gritted, but I was able to open squinting
eyes.  As his strokes became longer he started to talk again.  'Oh, God.  It
feels so weird and good in your ass, baby.  So tight and warm, soft and hot all
at the same time.  Oh yeah, its good', he intoned softly.  'Oh Sharon and you
just look so hot from back here.  Ooooowwwweee, what a site you make.  Bound
helplessly, your sexy back arching to my thrusts and your face baby.... oh
lovely.  I know your grimacing in pain, but it's so sexy to see you that way.  I
feel kinda of ashamed to admit it, but when you bite your lip, close your eyes,
suck in a deep gasping breath or wince to my thrusts.... they're all exicting
the heck out of me.' 

His words were quickening and so were his painful plunges.  Each of his powerful
lunges slammed against my bound body.   My arms strained to hold me in place as
I was pressed helplessly forward against the heavy wood frame of the inverted
ottoman.  The hard teak groaned in protest, trying desperately to support me. 
He had, out of necessity, straddled my bound legs giving me but little purchase
upon the thick shag carpet.  My slipper sheathed toes dug deeply into the heavy
wool to gain support, but my position was precarious at best.  So, I thought, if
he was being excited by my pain racking movements, he must be at fever pitch by
now!  Despite my best efforts I couldn't relax as he speared me with his
hardened rod.  Each thrust felt like a knife diving into my innards.  The pain
was so intense that I thought that I would pass out!  My rear muscles were
cruelly stretched to accept him and I couldn't find the means to turn the pain
to pleasure this time.  'Oh, Lord it hurts so much', I groaned through my
clenched teeth. 

 'Come on baby.... relax', he crooned.  His swift strokes paused and then
stopped  all together.   Sliding his hands caressing up from my hips, he
caressed his way upwards to my shoulders.  His soft touch enfolded me as he
began to knead the tight muscles of my shoulders.  Warm hands firmly massaged 
the kinks from my tortured blades.  The feel of the soft pink material gliding
upon my skin only enhanced the sensation.  As my whole body bean to succumb to
his ministrations, he once again began to force his was in an out of my nether
regions.  Just like when he had started he moved forward and backward only one
or two inches at a time.  His hands wandered lower, until each cupped an aching
breast.  The tight silk was too small to confine my mammeries and I found him
softly rubbing my displaced nipples against the ticklish lace.   'Oh, Lord,
that's delicious', I moaned in pleasure.  With my body relaxing more and more, I
thanked God that I had been led to so many times to the use of my now infamous
butt-plug in these recent weeks.   His job done he slid his hands back to my
hips for better purchase and once again resumed his long... deep impaling
strokes. 

'That's it honey, work with me.... Ahhhhhh, God it's so good... Your so
wonderful', he breathed heavily.   'I can't believe how exciting it is to watch
you whole body tense to me... your beautiful face grimacing in pain at my
ravaging of your anus... your fists clenching tightly to fight off the pain...' 
His words struck some deep cord within me and all of a sudden everything
changed.  Somehow I could see myself through his eyes.   My beautiful female
form displayed for his pleasure.  Bound for his excitement and skewered upon his
penis.

As if someone had turned a switch in me, my abused rear end muscles relaxed. 
The pain faded and heat grew to a burning pitch deep within my loins!  Raising
my head up towards the ceiling, my lips formed a perfect 'O' as I howled in
closed eyed ecstasy.  Without conscious thought I bucked my hips back against
Greg, causing him to groan in pleasure.  Moving his hands from my hips, his left
glided up my back until it meet my curly locks.  Twisting his fingers into my
soft tresses he pulled my head further back like a bare back riding horsemen
holding the mane of a horse. His right hand descended upon my heated sex and
began to rub gently against my already inflamed flesh.  In my minds eye I saw
the picture of how we must look.  Him as the bronco riding cowboy and me as his
wild mount.  'Arrrrgggggghhhh', I groaned in desire as his fingers passed into
my steamy interior.  Soon we had matched the timing of our thrusts so that as he
rammed deeply into my asshole his fingers flicked hard and quickly against my
G-spot.  The feeling of his cock thrusting in and out of my virgin rump, while
his fingers played with my puss was incredible!  The overwhelming heat between
my legs soon  removed any of my previous discomfort.  As he pulled at my hair
forcing me to arch my back further, I cried out, 'God, yesssss.  Screw me
hard... ohhhh, so hard.... my Lord.'  Then it began.  Quickly, like an
unexpected rainstorm.  His cock jerked mightily in my nether hole as my own
orgasm pounded forward.  Soon he began to come in me like a hot spurting
volcano.  'Aarrrrggghhhhhhhhhh', I cried as my own  orgasm took shape. I bucked
wildly against my bonds and mashed my body against his seed-spilling monster. 
Again and again we rocked together like elementals joined in a fiery embrace.

It seemed like forever and yet again to short a time, when finally his cock
emptied itself and my waves of passion ebbed.  I slumped forward against the
tops of the chairs legs.  To spent to worry further about any discomfort.  As
his own desires receded his manhood softened quickly.  Greg's cum formed a thick
milky enema, which worked to slide his deflating member from my abused rose bud. 
With a  last cry of utter fulfillment he sagged down upon my fettered form.  His
warm body enfolding my own.  'Oh my God that was incredible', he groaned in
exhaustion.  Slowly as I regained my senses, I replied happily, ' Yes my
Lord.... it definitely was.'

When he regained his vigor, he quickly removed my bonds.  We showered together
once again, but this time our desire had passed and we only wished to cleanse
ourselves of our deep needs.   Naked we slid beneath the covers of our warm bed
and huddled together in happy fulfillment.  Soon we began to talk, in
remembrance of what had passed between us.  I had to agree with him, hands down,
that he had won our little bet.  Taking one of his fingers into my mouth, I
assured him that I would happily uphold my end of the bargain.  With an excited
shudder he thanked me 'from the tip of his fingers to the base of his penis'. 
Greg also thanked me for such a fantastic time and to show his appreciation, he
granted me my 'one time, I get to make the decision for us wish'.  We talked and
laughed well into the night, finally falling asleep as we cuddled upon the bed.




Leather & Lace, Co.
Chapter 12 - Realization and Acceptance
By the White Knight

I woke that morning to an insistent nibbling at my ear.  I happily growled my
way away from his lips and into Greg's waiting arms.  I could feel my soreness
as we started, but my desire overwhelmed me.  My Evil Lord and master, rather
than be gentle to my two abused lower orifices, caressed and rubbed against them
rather ardently.  Even to the point of pushing one of his fingers through my
aching rosebud entrance.  Rather than turning me off however, I found his
caresses to be an unbelievable stimulant.  It was truly incredible, but it was
as if once I had passed the initial pain that the pleasure was twice as great. 
Unfortunately for Greg I wasn't bound this time, for without something to hold
me back he couldn't stop me as I pushed him onto his back and mounted his
hardened rod!   It didn't take either of us long to come, as the fever pitch
excitement of the night before carried over into our early morning lovemaking. 
With a heavy groan I arched my body backwards as my orgasm over took me.  Greg
groaned loudly soon after and began pumping his seed into my steaming sex.  It
may have been a quickie, but it was also a definite goodie!

It was a bright sunny day as viewed threw our wide picture windows.  We put back
on our clothes from yesterday and did our best to make them look presentable. 
After a leisurely breakfast we headed back to the Thatcher's "A" frame.  We
arrived to find the house empty, with a note left on the kitchen table asking me
to lock up when I left.  I looked at Greg and he looked back at me.  We beamed
excited smiles at one another.  The whole house at our disposal for the entire
day!  Not to mention it was stocked with a host of Mr. and Mrs. Thatcher's
favorite toys!  God life can really be good sometimes.

"What do you feel like doing", I asked my lover. 

"Oh, I know what I would like to do", he answered.  "But, wouldn't you feel a
little better if we took a break?  Sharon, you've got to be a bit sore and I
actually have another idea which is almost as exciting."

I frowned at first, but taking a quick inventory of all of my aches and pains
revealed the wisdom of his words.  Besides my curiosity was aroused.  What could
be as exciting as bondage and lovemaking? 

"And just what did you have in mind as an alternative", I asked him with a
smirk.

"Shopping", he stated evenly.

"Shopping", I repeated in disbelief.  What could he ever be thinking of?  How
could shopping be as exciting as sex?

"Yes", he replied.  "I'll bet that you didn't know that there is a Leather and
Lace store in town."  I shook my head in the negative and began to smile
knowingly at his suggestion.  "Also, we could stop by Dad's company and pick up
a few useful items.  And as a further inducement dear lady, you should know that
their line of products extends into a host of leather items such as skirts and
pants." 

I laughed, "And you keep saying that I'm to good to be true!  What about you!  I
was thinking about lingerie shopping before I fell asleep last night.  With the
way that you feel about it, I felt it was high time that I visited my company
store!"  I gave him one of my sexy smiles and breathed softly, "Did you know
that I have special employee discounts?"

He laughed and replied sexily, "Did you know that I'm an employee now and I've
have a credit line also?  And did you consider that I have "family" discounts
when it comes to anything Stanton Enterprises makes?" As he watched my smile
grow he added softly, "Later, I thought we might pick up a few papers and start
looking for some real-estate.  I'm not saying that we should buy around here,
but I thought it would be fun to start sorting out our idea's on what type of
place we want share."

We fell together in a happy embrace.  Then I went off to my room to change for
the day while he made a few calls on his cell phone.

I quickly stripped and realized that I would have to retrieve my underwear from
his glove compartment.  I put on a matching bra and panty set of white lace. 
Followed by a button down sleeveless pale yellow shirt and white hip hugging
shorts.  Lastly I donned my favorite "going out" sneakers, a pair of soft cotton
Candies.  These sneakers were lousy for aerobics, but they looked as sexy as
this type of shoe could ever look.

As I was walking back to meet Greg, a thought hit me like a lightening bolt.  It
was Sunday; the stores wouldn't be open.  Greg was just closing his cell as I
sprang this little piece of dismal news on him.  He smiled and rested his hands
gently on my shoulders, "And just whom did you think that I was calling a minute
ago?"  I gave him a confused look.  "I have just completed arrangements for us
to pick up the key to the Leather and Lace store in town and made sure that
security out at Dad's place was expecting us."  He smiled and gave me a kiss. 
"Always thinking, that's me."

It was a beautiful day so we rode to the store with the windows and sunroof
open.  We picked up the key and then drove over to the store.  Upon arriving, we
both self-consciously looked about like burglars before entering.  Once the door
was locked behind us the fun began.  We were like two kids let loose in a toy
store.  Walking through the store we pointed out things that interested us to
each other.  In minutes we had gone from the front of the store to the back.

"Oh, this is great", I said happily.  "Now that we've got an idea of where
everything is located where do you want to start?"

"The peignoir sets and night gowns", he replied immediately.

"Really?", I asked with a voice and look that required an answer.  Heck, I
expected him to say something like Baby Dolls, Teddies, or something overtly
sexy.

"Yes", he replied.  "I like to think of them as sexy lounge wear.  For those
times that often precede sex where these purely feminine gowns could be used as
a reminder of all of your many charms.   I may not tie you up in them all that
often, but they really are classy and you my dear are one classy lady."

"Well thank you, sir", I said with a small curtsey.  "Peignoir sets it is and
may I just say that you constantly amaze me."

"I hope that I always do, Princess", he smiled in reply.

We picked out some beautiful gowns in an assortment of colors and styles. 
Shortly after going into the changing room Greg appeared with an armful of
shoeboxes.  Each box contained a pair of satin mules with tufts of marabou
feathers in a different color.  "Try these on, I think that you'll like them",
he said.  I had seen these high-heeled slippers in the catalog and thought that
they looked sexy, now I was getting the chance to play with them!  "Oh and don't
forget these" he said as he handed me a package of sheer white stockings.  I
looked at him questioningly, so he smiled and explained his request. 
"Personally, I believe that women should wear stockings with every outfit.  Even
a woman, such as you, who has a heck of a great pair of legs, can't go wrong
with a sexy pair of stockings.  Further, they add another level of contrast to a
women's clothing and enhance her looks.  For example, sheer black stocking clad
legs flowing into black patent leather high-heels forms a magnificent piece of
art versus the same creamy white leg poured in the black heels."  As I looked
down at my own naked legs I began to wonder if he was commenting on my own
outfit.  Sensing my change in mood he continued "However, there are times when
stockings simply would not be appropriate or where they simply would not improve
your overall appearance.  The beach for example would be an inappropriate place
to wear stockings.  Also, I got to say that your current outfit is perfect just
the way it is.  Those tanned legs of yours emerging from those perfectly fitting
bright white short shorts and those very feminine white sneakers, makes for one
heck of a nice picture." 

I beamed at his compliments but still I had to ask, "If you like to see women in
stockings are you sure that you wouldn't want to see me in stockings or
pantyhose, even in this outfit?"

"Oh, I guess there would be times that I would", he responded thoughtfully. 
"Say if we were going to be playing out a bondage scenario.  Then I would like
you to be wearing stockings.  And seeing as I would want you to take off those
hot pants, I'd say that pantyhose were a better choice. "

"I think I'm getting the drift of what you're saying", I said thoughtfully. 
"But, you keep talking about enhancing or improving what I'm wearing and how I
look and it almost sounds like you're trying to achieve a certain look.  You
know baby it would help me a lot if you could put that into words so I can do my
part, which..." I continued with a sassy smile " is mainly to please you."

Greg chuckled.  "You know I think I been a director for too long.  I've gotten
used to people understanding my partial speak, because they were already on the
same page."  He leaned casually against the doorframe, taking on the tone of a
collegiate professor.  "I'm not into bondage because I wish to cause pain, it
maybe a by-product of the event but it is not my main goal.  My goal is to
create a piece of art, a living piece of art, where I am the artist and you my
dear are the canvas.  That, in essence, will become part of our foreplay."  He
straightened and became more animated.  "Each bondage scenario that I set out
for you in the future will always place you at the center of the picture or
tabloid that I am trying to create.  And I truly believe that your beauty and
vivaciousness will allow us to create one bondage masterpiece after another". 
He smiled roguishly and added, "Of course our type of artwork does have one very
significant advantage over the more traditional type.  How often do you think
that Van Gogh and his paintings had great sex together?"

We both laughed.  Once I nodded my head in understanding, Greg turned and left
me to change.  Stripping down to my panties, I removed the stockings from their
packaging and expertly rolled one.  The sheer nylon flowed up my calf, over my
knee and onto my thigh until it ended in a lacy elasticized top.  Its mate was
soon caressing my opposite leg.  Finished with this, I slipped into a silk ivory
gown that fit like a sheath to just above my knees.  Here it flared out slightly
before reaching the floor.  I put on the gauzy nearly transparent robe and then
searched for the appropriate pair of slippers.  Sure enough there was a pair in
Ivory.  I slid these on and strode sexily from the room to model this creation
for my lover.

Greg was right this was a classy outfit so as a walked towards him I adopted the
attitude of a fashion model gliding down the runway.  At the end of my imaginary
run way I posed for him in a number of positions and then turned for my walk
back to the changing room.  The one thing that I did differently then those
models I had seen on television was smile.   Heck this wasn't work and he made
me feel warm as I watched him watching me ever so intently.  His gaze was nearly
magnetic and I wanted so very much to please him.  Flipping the hem of my gown
with a flick of my leg, I gave him a good view of the ivory mules that he had
picked out for me.

As I walked away I heard Greg applaud my performance.  I turned before I left
the room, leaning seductively against the doorway with a huge come hither smile. 
"You may have noticed Sir that this gown has an air of bondage in its own
right."

He looked at me quizzically.

I laughed and then walked a bit for him again.  Pointing to the length of my
strides.  Smiling I told him that the tightness of the gown at the knees, kept
me to short steps and would definitely keep me from running. 

"Princess", he said warmly.  "You are the best.  I only wish I had a camera so I
could do your modeling justice."  Then his face brightened as the proverbial
light bulb went off over his head.  He jumped up and said, "Don't move baby,
I'll be right back".

He ran out of the store, leaving me wondering what the heck was going on. 
Minutes later he returned holding high a camera case.  "Baby are you game", he
asked as he moved towards me.  I smiled and nodded.

"Oh, honey, I love it", I laughed.  "And as for being game, I am going to do my
best to prove to you that I am the best game in town!"  Taking me in his arms we
kissed deeply and passionately, until I could feel the heat building in my
loins.  Pushing him gently away, I stated the obvious, "If we keep doing this we
are never going to get any shopping done."

He stepped back with a laugh and replied, "Yes, indeed.  Star photographer Greg
Stanton reporting for duty!

Greg moved back to his previous position and then had me model the gown again as
he snapped his pictures.  This went on with the next four flowing gowns, with
small variations added to the same performance each time.  The gown I had held
to last was a rich ruby red.  The top of the gown was crafted much like an
Elizabethan gown with tight elasticized stitching gathering the material from
belly button to breast.  My breasts were cupped in supporting material and
pushed towards each other and upwards with a cunning use of more of the
elasticized stitching.  The neckline was cut square showing off a healthy amount
of breast and cleavage. Where the gown totally deviated from it Elizabethan
counterpart was in the slits up both sides.  This was much like the dress that I
had worn at the company party hosted by Mr. Thatcher and Mr. Stanton.  To say
that I loved that style of gown was much to mild a phrase.

Sliding into the matching red slippers, I strutted sexily from the room. 
Stopping twice during my "runway" walk I posed, each time showing off my right
or left leg nearly to hip.  Toes pointed, puffy feathers gracing the high-heeled
satin mule, tanned leg gleaming through a sheer nude stocking against the
background of the rich red gown.  I gave him my best seductive looks as my chest
rose and fell to my fevered breathing.

"Princess", Greg said softly.  "You are absolutely gorgeous!"  As I stood before
him and posed, and he continued, "God, you are so hot its just incredible!"  He
stopped clicking pictures, so I took the opportunity to slide onto his upraised
knee.  His hand moved quickly to my chest as our mouths met.  Slowly, gently, we
mutually broke our embrace.

"I think that one is a definite keeper, how about you?" he asked.

Standing now, I bent over at the middle so that my chest was almost pressed into
his face.  I shook my upper body causing my full breasts to jiggle in their
tight confines.  "Oh yes", I replied boldly, "a definite keeper".

"Amen", he agreed.

We both laughed and then headed over to the next section of the store that
displayed bras, garter belts and stockings.  I already had a number of these
sets at home, but after finding out about his desire to see me in stockings on
an almost constant basis, it seemed that like a good opportunity to increase my
collection.  Once I had tried on each of the dozen or so different sets, I
settled on three of types.  Greg proved very useful, by helping me find each of
the types in every one of the offered colors!  To top things off he also
produced strapless color matched bra's, to match each of the sets.  By the end
of our little spree, I had about three dozen new bra's, half as many garter
belts and two pairs of stockings for each set.  I couldn't even begin to
comprehend how long it would take before I wore each of the outfits.

Moving on to teddies and hip length gowns, I found that he had a true affinity
for sexy little gowns often referred to as baby dolls.  This also forced me to
return back to the stocking section in order to match the mini gowns with stay
up stockings.  In a few cases he even encourage me to replace the gowns panties
with one of the garter and panty sets, adding an entirely different look to the
piece of lingerie.  I had to admit that there was something innately exciting
about seeing the taut suspenders poke out from beneath the sexy satin or silk
gown, clasping tightly to the lace tops of the sheer hose.  Hmmm, it gave me a
deep down warm feeling as I watched his eyes devour me, with the whirl of the
camera advancing recording his desires.

I think the best of the lot were the two Grecian style mini-gowns.  Both had
wide sashes about the middle with slightly flared skirts that barely covered my
crotch.  The one we picked out in shinning silver boasted a deep-throated top,
while its virgin white mate left one shoulder bared.

Teddies, camisoles with tap pant bottom sets, bustiers, a few simple hip length
chemise gowns and low-back slips were added to our selection.  However, it was
starting to get late in the morning and I only tried on a few of these
offerings.

By the end of the morning we had racked up an unbelievable amount of lingerie,
which Greg insisted that we wrap in boxes that we found behind the sales
counter.  "Yes, I know that we don't have to wrap them", he responded to my
question.  "But, think of how much fun it will be to unwrap each one of these
beauties.  Opening the box, peeling aside the gauzy pink paper and finally
revealing the sexy item.  Then you can think about the fun that we had selecting
them and experience the day all over again."

He made it sound like Christmas and thinking it over I it really did sound like
fun.  But who would have ever thought of this kind of thinking from a man? 
Again my questioning stare led him to explain himself.  A little sheepishly he
added, "That's how Cassie explained it to me, when she described shopping with
Dad."

I entered all of our purchases into the computer as I had been taught to do,
using Greg's ID.  I was greatly surprised when I realized that the total came to
nearly $2000!  Greg saw my shocked gaze and shrugged his shoulders and smiled. 
I printed out the invoice and left it on the counter so that the people who ran
the store would know that their inventory had been severely reduced.  Greg
dropped a hundred dollar bill onto of the invoice and added a yellow sticky with
the caption "commission". 

I looked at with an unspoken question in my eyes.  "Always keep the employees
happy", he said by way of explanation.  I smiled and we left for a quick lunch.


Our visit to Stanton Enterprises was nearly as time consuming as our morning
adventures.  First we started in the clothing side of the business, where I
picked up a cute leather mini-skirt, a halter top and a soft pair pants all in
black leather.  Greg added to this by selecting the same items in a fawn colored
suede material.

He then steered me past the shoe area, much to my chagrined as I love shoe
shopping.  He mollified me by explaining that he had a real fetish for female
footwear and that we couldn't give shoes the time they deserved in our
compressed schedule.  Beside, his dad had already provided me with three pairs
that made a great start for our collection.

Moving into the bondage gear section Greg moved like a man with a purpose.  He
instinctively knew exactly what he wanted and exactly where to find it.  I ended
up following him around with a dolly that he did an admirable job of filling.  A
white arm binder that zipped up the back, a black one that was laced, a set of
connected straps, which was called the "web" but I wasn't totally sure what it
did.  Then there was the host of cuffs, straps and spreader bars.  Cuffs for
wrists, ankles and thighs.  Most of the cuffs appeared to be lined with soft
leather, some had only one buckle and others had dual buckles.   The amount of
different types of cuffs he picked out simply amazed me.

The collars that he picked out caused an unexpected shiver to race through my
body.  I had seen the pictures in our catalog, but the thought of putting on a
collar would truly mark me as his slave.  I wrapped my arms around myself as he
placed thick black leather one on the cart that was labeled a 'posture collar'. 
His other selections had been thinner and in some cases made of softer different
colored leather.  They were scary, but not nearly as devious as the thick
posture collar.  I could take my eyes off of it.

I guess I missed my cue to move the dolly to the next set up hardware, which
caused Greg to look over at me.  "Are you alright", he asked with true concern
in his voice.

"Yes... Yes, I am", I answered hesitantly.  "It just that I hadn't really
thought about a collar being put about my throat.  You know what I mean.  Its
such a blatant display of ownership... of me being a slave... of... of..."

My voice trailed off and he finished my thought.  "Of submission.  It's your
visual proof of total submission to me."

"Yes", I replied quietly.

Greg seemed to want to shake me out of my maudlin funk.  He smiled and beat his
hands upon his chest like Tarzan.  "Me master.  You slave."  He said in an
imitation of the ape-man's voice.  His little act did the trick and earned him a
smile.

I suppose he noticed my eyes stray apprehensively over to the thick collar. 
"Oh, the posture collar bothers you?"

I nodded my head 'yes'.

"Well Princess, the only way to get over being afraid of something is to
experience it first hand, so why not put it on now?"  Without waiting for a
reply from me he picked up the offensive item and made a circular motion with
his hand, meaning that I should turn around.  I knew that my fear was
irrational, but it was still just as real.  I screwed up my courage by reminding
myself how much pleasure I had already received by being the submissive in our
new partnership.  Still I closed my eyes as I turned my back to him.

I felt the collar slide about my neck.  As he adjusted it, which meant matching
up the scalloped indentations on the right and left side of the collar with my
shoulders, it began to nudge the underside of my neck.  Once in place, Greg
began tightening the buckles at the rear of my neck.  With each pull of the
straps the pressure of the thick leather beneath my chin forced my head upward. 
Finished with his work Greg stood back and asked, "How's that?"

I wasn't truly in any pain.  Yes, it was uncomfortable, but not terribly so.  In
fact the way that it forced me to keep my head up, reminded me very much of the
corset that I had recently worn.  That too had forced me to maintain my posture. 
"It's not so bad" I finally replied.

"Good.  Good", Greg said as he gave me a sly wink.  "Because, I just had a
thought."  Oh boy, I said to myself as I wondered what he had in mind behind
that mischievous smile of his.  "We have all this great stuff here and after
putting you in that collar I was just thinking that it would be great if you
modeled some of it."

I had gotten used to the collar and now I also started thinking about the fact
that Greg was leaving soon for a whole week.  A whole week in which I would once
again be flying solo.  I had not really thought about this before, but now that
I had the thought of being alone for so long with no one to play with, really
made me want to have at least one more bondage experience.  "OK, big guy.  But,
this collar is going to keep me from putting anything on myself so it's all up
to you.  Knock yourself out!" 

"I wouldn't have it any other way, doll face" he answered with a smile.  As he
knelt down before me I realized that I couldn't look down to see what he was
doing.  Well, that's not exactly true.  I could bend at my middle and lean over
so I could see him in my peripheral vision, but I couldn't look down by simply
bending my neck.  The collar had effectively eliminated that possibility. 

I felt a cuff placed about my right ankle and be quickly tightened as it was
buckled closed.  My left ankle faired the same only minutes later.  "Ow", I
cried as I tried to look down at whatever was touching my thigh.  I hadn't
expected to be touched there and without thinking I had tried to look.  I now
realized that this was a big mistake, after that black leather monstrosity about
my neck gave me a nasty pinch.

"You've got to remember to always keep you head up when you're wearing a posture
collar princess", he reminded me as he began attaching restraints to my upper
thighs.

I was already becoming wise enough to hold my tongue.  I'm sure that a sarcastic
'now you tell me' would earn some type of punishment, so I just bit my lip.

After he had applied my leg restraints he stood up and held up our new white
leather arm binder sleeve, so that I could see it.  Meekly I put my arms behind
my back with my steepled fingers pointing towards the floor.

Greg pulled the sleeve around my hands and then slid the soft leather under my
arms.  As he placed the straps over my shoulders he whispered in my ear, "My, my
you are a fast learner."  I'm sure that I blushed, but I couldn't help from
smiling.  Zipping up the sleeve was like trying to zip up pants that are just
too tight.  Greg however didn't relent in his task until after he nudged the
zipper a few inches above my elbows.  It was then I felt another strap begin
pulling my upper arms closer and closer together. 

"This model has it's own built in tightening strap", he informed me.  "It's to
bad that you can't see back here because it really is a beautiful piece. The
grommets and buckles are gold plated, which really looks great on the white
leather.  Not to mention what it's doing to your chest, heck it looks like
you've gained two inches and I haven't even closed the zipper."  Shortly, I
heard the zipper snick home.  I stretched against my arm bindings in a
half-hearted attempt to relieve the ungodly strain on my shoulder and back
muscles.  As I suspected however, my efforts proved totally useless.

Snap.  Snap.  I could see the flash from the corner of my eye as Greg started to
take a few pictures.  As he moved around in front of me, I gave him my best
smile in spite of my strained arms.  "I have a request, master."

"And what would that be princess", he said as he stopped clicking pictures.

"I would like to be the keeper of our photo albums.  And with the pictures were
taking today I can see that they are going to be very interesting ones."  I
answered.  "It's truly one of my passions.  I love to put together an album
after a vacation or trip and I work hard to try and have the pictures tell a
story.  I can't imagine what our chronicles will look like in a year, but I'm
getting the distinct impression that they are going to tell a very interesting
story!"

"Princess you continue to amaze me", he said with a happy smile on his face. 
"Your request my dear is graciously granted.  You have now been appointed the
recorder of our family's history.  In fact I'll give you all the film that I
shot today and hopefully by next week, when I return, you can show me our first
album."

"It would be a pleasure..." I started.  But, it was at this moment that one of
his words registered in my mind.  "Family's?" I questioned him.

While I was in this shocked mood, he chuckled and had me kneel down on the
dolly.  I knelt there with my rear resting on my heels as he pulled upon each of
restraints.  It was only when I tried to reseat myself a little more comfortably
that I realized that I could hardly move my legs at all.  "You've locked my
ankles to my thighs."  I stated as I began to realize what had happened.

"Yes, princess, the position is called a 'frog tie'", he explained.  "And I must
say that you lock positively radiant with your tight little butt resting upon
your sexy little sneakers.  Not to mention how well your white shorts and
sneakers match with the sleeve.  Even the gold buckles work nicely with the with
your yellow shirt."  He continued his running commentary as he began snapping
more pictures.  "The black leather posture collar and restraints, don't work
with the whole flow of the picture however.  I think that we should go back and
get some in white leather."  With that he began pushing me and the dolly down
the aisle.  I couldn't help but think that I must look like a one of those
figureheads that they used to place for good luck below an old time sailing
ships bowsprit.  You know the type, with the women's out thrust breasts and
forward looking gaze seeming to lead the ship onward.

I had almost believed that he had forgotten my question, when he decided to
respond to me.  As he began placing some white and red restraints onto the
dolly, he said, "Yes, OUR family's.  I realize that there are only two of us
just yet and I'm not looking to increase that number in the near future, but yes
it will be OUR families albums."

"Are you asking me to marry you?"  I asked softly.

"Princess, I think I've already done that.  But, if you are talking about making
it official with a ring and all no I'm not." He responded seriously.  "Of course
when I do ask you I promise it will be a really special event."  I couldn't help
but smile.  He was just so perfect that it made me ache inside.

On we rolled blindfolds and gags came next.  Again the variety that he selected,
almost without thought, surprised me.  I hadn't realized until now that Stanton
Enterprises actually produced the gags sold through Leather & Lace, Co.

Finally as he seemed to be winding down he picked up what I had now come to
learn was a penis gag.  But this wasn't your standard two-inch model.  No, no,
this baby sported a thick phallus at least five inches long!

"Whoa, baby... master", I said in a slightly shaking voice.  "Do you really
expect me to wear that?" I asked.

"Of course", he replied non-pulsed.  "It's all a matter of training and
experience.  We don't have to start with this one, but I think you'll get there
quickly enough."

"Greg", I replied from my heart.  "I've been tied up and whipped in ways that I
never could have imagined only a few weeks ago, but that thing scares me."

"Princess, the collar frightened you too and you got over that", he answered
softly.  I nodded yes.  "So let's prove that you can handle it."  He then held
the pseudo penis before my face and commanded me to open my mouth.  Slowly he
thrust in the thick piece of rubber.  Thoughtfully, he stopped after the first
two inches were in and reminded me to stay clam and to breathe through my nose. 
It felt very different than a real cock.  Harder, colder and it tasted funny.

Knowing that it would be easier on me if I took matters into my own hands
(figuratively speaking of course).  I pushed my head forward and accepted
another couple of inches of the thick penis.  When it reached the back of my
throat and kicked in my gag reflex, I backed off a bit to regain my composure. 
Greg realized what I was doing and just held the thick leather base in place as
he coached me.  "That's it baby", he told me softly.  "You're doing great, just
a little bit more to go."  Taking a deep breath through my nose, I thrust myself
forward until I had engulfed the entire pseudo phallus.  With the leather base
tight against my widely spread lips Greg lifted my hair in order to buckle the
attending straps behind my neck.

"Now, baby, just kneel there while I pack up all of this stuff", Greg commanded
as he rolled the dolly onward.  Of course I didn't have much choice in the
matter, so I did as he suggested.

While he went about his business I did my best to breathe calmly and stay as
relaxed as possible.  The collar stopped me from moving my head much, and I
found that even the slightest movements would cause the rubber cock to rub
against the back of my throat and make me want to gag.  Keeping my head as still
as possible seemed the only answer. 

The dolly and I had been moved over to a computer station in the warehouse.  He
began using a scan gun to record the UPC's on all of our purchases.  It took
quite a while to complete the transactions, but finally he retrieved a full
print out of our purchases and signed his name at the bottom.

Seemingly hours later Greg returned to my side and asked, "Would you like me to
remove your gag now?"  God, that was a stupid question.  Without moving my head
I made a nasally "un-huh" sound.  With my mouth and throat full, I found that I
could make even less sound than with the ball gags to which I had now become
accustomed.  Greg smiled, "I'll take that for a yes".

In a few seconds the rubber nightmare was sliding out of my aching jaw.  It left
my mouth with a slurpy sound and glistened in the light with my saliva. 

"So how do you feel about that gag?  Your honest reactions."  He questioned me.

"I didn't like it at all", I replied directly.

"But, you proved you could handle it, correct?" Greg asked.

"Yes", I answered quietly.

"Now, given the choice between wearing that gag for say half-an-hour or blowing
me for half-an-hour which would you prefer?" Greg asked with a tilt of his head.

"I'd much rather blow you... my Lord", I replied with a devious smile. 

"And that is just how I would use that little item, my dearest slave girl", he
replied softly.  "I would ask you to blow me for a full half-hour, no easy task
as you would have to keep me on the edge of cumming for almost the entire time. 
If you failed in your task you would face a half-an-hour of our new gag, which I
believe would definitely drive you to work very hard to succeed.  Don't you?"

I looked up into his eyes and smiled, "Oh, yes.  That would definitely drive me
to try my best.  But, what do I get if I succeed?"

"Your master's satisfaction", he replied jauntily.  "Plus my undying love and
devotion."

He had finished unbinding me as we talked.  Helping me to stand, He put his arm
about me as we left the building.  In my head I thought over his words and
smiling to myself came to the conclusion that I could live with them.

Greg had a flight to catch at 8:00pm back to the coast and I had to drive back
to the city that night, so we ended up back at the diner for our dinner.  On the
way we had stopped at a grocery store and picked up a couple of those house
hunter tabloids.

We spent our remaining time together, talking about the styles of houses that we
liked and where we wanted to live.  He was more geared to your standard
colonials, while I was more aligned with a Tudor looking home.  At the very
least, I suggested a split-level over a colonial.  He laughed at my
assertiveness on the subject, but he also assured me that he would honor my
wishes.  "A house is not a home, unless the woman of the family makes it one",
he explained.  "So if you want a Tudor, I'll do my best to find you one that
will make you happy."  I snuggled into his arms and just enjoyed his warm touch. 
With that settled we quickly agreed that we would live somewhere close to the
Leather and Lace offices, so as to keep our commuting time down.

As the time for his leaving drew near, Greg drove me back to my car.  He opened
my door for me, but as I moved to step in he barred my way with his strong arms. 
Quickly he pulled me to him and our lips met in a hungry kiss.   A warm hand
found its way to my chest as another slid down between my legs.  I could feel
the cold metal and glass of the car against my back as our passion once again
jumped in to high gear.  My hips surged to his touch as I could feel the heat
burning within me.  He soon discerned my desire and began dry humping me as our
sexes melded together. 

Just as I was about to break our lip lock to beg him to make love to me, he put
both hands on my shoulders and separated our bodies.  He smiled at me as he
worked to steady his breathing.  "Always leave them wishing for more, was the
first lesson that Cassie taught me as a boy.  I wonder if she and your aunt knew
each other?  Anyhow, it's time for me to go kitten". 

My sex-clouded mind heard his words, but it took a few moments for them to
register.  Soon I found myself smiling back at him.  "Oh, you are good... very
good my lord.  I can't wait for your return and you haven't even left yet!" 

With a last hug and chaste kiss, he finally helped me into my car.  I made the
long drive back to my apartment thinking all the way about the huge change in
course that my life had taken in such a very short time.  From never
experiencing bondage to becoming a... slave?   A love slave, I said to myself
slowly.  I liked the sound of that better. Yes, I was Greg's love slave.  That
was the other big change, Greg.  From wishing for my imaginary lover to finding
him and then some! Boy it had been some week.

Unpacking the car took awhile because of all of our lingerie purchases.  Greg
had kept the bondage equipment, but he had given me all of the lingerie before
leaving.  I left all the boxes in the living room with the exception of one that
I brought with me into the bedroom. 

After a quick shower, I opened my present.  It was a satin hunter green low-back
slip that I had found to be extremely comfortable.  Removing my towel I slipped
the gown over my head.  The tingle from my nipples almost woke me up, but
totally exhausted I decided to retire for the evening.  With a smile on my face
I fell asleep to the realization that there wouldn't be many more nights when I
would be sleeping alone.




Leather & Lace, Co.
Chapter 13 - Willing Student
By the White Knight

I woke up in the morning still a little stiff from my previous bondage
encounters.  Quickly, I began a stretching aerobics workout that helped loosen
the kinks.  It was during the shower, as I was fantasying about Greg, that I
realized that last night was the first night in weeks that I hand gone to sleep
unbound!  I laughed and said out loud to myself, "Not too many more nights that
that will be the case girl friend".

After receiving a host of accolades for my performance (in more ways than one)
of the last week, work settled down to a more normal pattern.  I can never say
that it was dull though, especially when I was asked to handle customer calls. 
The truth be told, that part of my job became one of my favorite pass times. 
Now with a little more experience under my belt, I felt a lot more confident
when giving advice. 

I sought out Lucinda that morning and barely blushed when I asked her where I
might get some erotic pictures developed.  I ended up having to give her a
complete run down of the previous days events, and I mean complete, before she
gave me a name.  Once I received it I could have kicked myself because it was
the same photographers that L&L used for their photo shoots!  I dropped off the
film at lunch and they promised to have it developed in 24 hours, including a
set of digitally mastered pictures put on a CD for free.

The next day I retrieved my photos and that night I began putting together Greg
and my adventures in a leather-covered album.

On Wednesday, Amy my predecessor called and asked to speak to Mr. Thatcher. 
Shortly after he burst from his office and shouted out that Amy had a baby boy! 
Everyone gathered around and we were regaled with all of the specifics.  Towards
the end of the gathering the three partners put their heads together while Mr.
Thatcher spoke to them privately.  With nods of the heads they broke up and
everyone returned to their respective offices.

Greg had been calling me nightly.  Telling me about closing his apartment and
how he had gracefully worked out leaving his present job.  If all went well, he
expected to be on the Red Eye Sunday evening arriving early Monday morning.  I
couldn't wait!

His nightly calls were also a source of long distance intimacy for the two of
us.  I had never experienced phone sex before, but Greg really made it exciting. 
After our first phone encounter I found myself more and more anxiously awaiting
his phone call.  I would sit on my bed naked except for my white terry robe and
isotoner slippers, flipping tentatively through a magazine. 

Greg's first question was always 'what are you wearing tonight' and my throaty
reply was 'what would you like me to be wearing tonight'.  He would then pick
out one of the outfits that we had purchased on our trip to the L&L store.  But
he wouldn't simply say now put it on, oh no, he would have me slowly and
sensuously walk him through every step of applying the sexy piece of lingerie to
my body.

"I'd like you to wear your black and gold chemise tonight" he would tell me. 
You would think that this would be the easiest thing in the world.  It's a
one-piece slip for heavens sake!  But after our first call, I knew to ask "and
what do you want me to do first my Lord". 

"First I would like you to strip totally naked, and describe exactly what you
are doing in detail."

"I'm now standing next to my bed and taking off my white terry robe and placing
it on the vanity chair.  I've slid off my white slippers and put them on the
chair with my robe.  I'm just a touch cold and I think I can feel a light draft
across my nipples.  I am naked as you requested my Lord, with the exception of a
black satin head band which is holding back my hair."

"Good, now take out your black LeMarque set."

This was one of the garter belt, stocking and panties sets that we had
purchased.  "The   set is now lying on the bed."

"Excellent, now put the chemise alongside them."

"Yes, my Lord.  I placed the chemise on the bed."

"Now, put your gold leather slippers with the gown and the set."

"My Lord, I don't own gold leather slippers", I informed him softly.  "I do have
the gold mules with the marabou feathers, would that be all right?"

"No, the mules will not do.  I take it that you don't have gold isotoners
either."

"That is correct my Lord."

"OK I'll settle for your black leather slippers, this time.  In the future
however, you will make sure that you have these types of slippers that you love
so much in a wider array of colors.  If you can't find them in the proper
colors, buy them in white and have them dyed."  In a softer voice he continued,
"Those narrow seven and a half b's of yours look so sexy in those tight little
slippers.  Damn girl you've got me hooked on them now, so you have to make sure
that you can deliver them, otherwise I'm like an artist without the right color
paints.  OK?"

"Oh, yes my Lord.  I understand and I'll see to it tomorrow!"

"Fine, continue."

"Yes, my Lord.  I'm now clipping on the black lace garter and centering the
little black bow directly above my sex.  Oh, the stockings are the beautiful
European type that are reinforced from toes to sole and up the heel.  Boy, it
feels nice as I'm sliding into the silky material.  They have seams in the back
that I am now making sure are straight.  I have to adjust the garter belts
because the lacy stocking tops ride very high up my thigh."

This would go on with me describing, putting on the French cut underwear.  These
would go on over the garters of course and not under them.  Next I would slide
into the chemise and tell him how the lace tickles my nipples and finally,
slipping into the black leather slippers.  Then he would have me bind myself in
some simple way, before we would get down to the really good stuff.  On that day
he had me sit in the middle of the bed and use my nylon cuffs to bind my ankles
and wrists together in front of me.  Fortunately, I could still use my bound
hands to hold the phone.

It was at this point once he had me all decked out and tied up that he and I
would start playing phone sex games.  Once had me describe giving him fellatio
on the way to the restaurant last week, while he reciprocated by describing
tying me up at the hotel.  Another night he ordered me through each step of my
self-bondage routine.  It was so much more fun though imaging that the vibrator
in my hot cunny was actually his member.  I fell asleep with his voice quietly
talking to me over the phone as I lay, bound and gagged spread eagle to upon my
bed.

On Friday morning the partner's called me into the conference room for a
meeting.  "As you know Sharon, Amy, has had her child", Mr. Thatcher began.  I
nodded yes.  "What you don't know is that she has decided not to return to work. 
We've all talked it over and we would like to offer you a position."  I started
to say yes immediately, until he held up his hand in the stop position.  "Now,
before you make your decision, I want you to understand all of the facts.  We
are offering you the position of "Office Manager".  That is to say in addition
to your secretarial role you will also be tasked with other assignments, such as
handling trips like this last one, helping out the copy writers with
instructions as it is needed, managing the inventory in the employee product
room and of course managing the customer calls that need help or advice.  For
this we are willing to pay you $60,000 per year.  Further, we would also like
you to consider some modeling assignments in the future. These are not mandatory
and you would be paid per shoot just like any of our other models."

At first I couldn't believe what I was hearing.  I had to fight not to let my
jaw drop open in wonderment. 

"How does this offer strike you, my dear?", Lucinda asked.

I coughed a little and answered, "Very well, thank you."  Shyly I told them
truthfully, "You know I would almost work here for free, if it wasn't for paying
my bills."

"Non-sense, Sharon", Mr. Harrison added.  "You're worth every penny.  In all of
my years I've never seen anyone take to the business as you have."  Mr. Thatcher
gave a small cough, making Harry laugh.  "Alright, with the exception of your
wife Michael, but she was never really a full time employee!" 

"Just to assuage my curiosity how much does a photo shoot pay", I asked as
calmly as possible.  I didn't know exactly how yet, but I still wanted to
experience the on camera excitement that Ann had told me about.

"Generally, between three and five thousand", Mr. Harrison answered briskly.  It
depends if it is a simple one day shoot or if it takes two or three days."  Five
grand for three days work!  I giggled at what my parents would say when they
found out that I was earning sixty plus thousand a year and it was especially
funny to think about telling them how I was earning it!

After I had agreed the discussion dissolved into numerous animated conversations
and more laughter.  The party atmosphere was continued on through an expensive
lunch and I spent the rest of the afternoon in a total euphoria.

Towards the end of the day I gathered together my courage and headed for the
product room.  I moved quickly to the videotape section and picked up "Bondage
101".  All week I had been thinking about how little I knew about bondage and
how much I really wanted Greg to be happy with me.  I thought that watching this
video would give me a better understanding as to how I was expected to act and
what I may be expected to do.  Sliding the tape into a brown paper bag, I
couldn't help but notice some of the other tapes.  As I was reading the captions
on the back of the next two tapes in the series I heard someone coming.  Still
self-conscious about letting my interest in bondage "out of the closet", I
quickly decided to add the films to my bag and make a hasty retreat.

That evening, after my normal evening workout, I treated myself to a long
relaxing bubble bath.  Greg had told me he wouldn't be able to call to night, so
I picked out a baby blue peignoir and my white ballet style slippers.  The gown
had white ribbon and lace worked in as trim, so the slippers amply complimented
the set.  Besides, no one would be seeing me tonight and I just wanted to enjoy
myself.

Sitting on the couch in the living room, I folded my feet under my rear and
turned on the VCR.  Bondage 101, proved to be very much what it billed itself
as, a tutorial bondage film.  It started with both Ann and Mike, dressed in a
gown and suit respectively, discussing the importance of trusting your partner. 
They explained what it meant to be the "top" or dominant partner in a
relationship or the "bottom" submissive part of the team.  Ann expounded upon
this point, by adding that while the bottom must be submissive, this did not
mean that this person did not have any control over the situation.  "The bottom
is always given an 'out', generally this is in the form of a 'safe' word.  This
word or phrase such as "Mercy master" would lead to whatever was currently
happening to be stopped immediately.  If the bottom is gagged she, or he, will
generally be given something to hold onto, such as a ball.  Dropping the ball
would have the same effect as using the 'safe' word.

Michael took over the discussion by saying "And why you may ask do we need a
'safe-word'?  Well, generally speaking, bondage isn't the be-all and end-all of
your relationship.  Most people like to bring role-playing into their bondage
encounters.  Common themes are kidnappings, naughty maid, punishing your mean
boss or tying up your sexy secretary. Of course the most common theme of them
all is that of master and slave.  Mr. Thatcher reached out his hand, which Mrs.
Thatcher willing grasped.  "Darling I believe with that introduction that it is
time to adjourn to the bedroom."

The couple walked out the living room hand in hand, Ann wearing the floor length
gold gown, with Michael clad in a fashionable gray serge suit. As they walked
through the door of the bedroom their clothing changed as if by magic. Mr.
Thatcher's gray suit changed to a dark blazer and slacks outfit with a white
turtleneck sweater, while Mrs. Thatcher's gown turned into a black leather
corset, sheer black stockings and six-inch patent leather spike heels.  Further
her golden elbow length gloves melded into black kidskin and her pearl choker
became a leather collar complete with chrome studs and D rings. Someone had done
some very fancy editing is all I can say.

At this point Mr. Thatcher put in a plug for the company products.  "Everyone
may have their own version of this master and slave role-playing theme.  Some
may even like to have their slave completely naked, personally however I prefer
to have my lovely slave clothed.  Ann is wearing one of our custom made corsets
and I have always enjoyed these items as they add their own particular flavor of
bondage."  With a motion of his hand he had Ann turn so that her back faced the
audience.  Then the camera zoomed in on the laces, which he tested with his
fingers to show their tautness.  Theatrically he produced a measuring tape from
his pocket and passed it around his wife's waist.  The camera zoomed in on the
tape to show the mark at just under 19 inches.  "Darling what is your normal
waist size?" Mr. Thatcher asked.  "Oh, about 23 inches master."  Ann turned and
the camera zoomed in on her hourglass waist once more.  "I think that I have
made my point, don't you?" Mr. Thatcher asked the imaginary audience.

Mr. Thatcher again threw out another sales pitch by expounding how the use of
lingerie in a bondage scenario can make it much sweeter.  "For example, I
particularly like to use rope in our bondage play.  And personally I prefer
seeing the contrasting colors of the white rope on black or red stockings versus
against naked flesh.  Also, it may please me to have my lovely slave dressed in
differing colored lingerie and for that I may use different colored rope.  We
carry a large assortment of braided nylon rope in red, gold, black, blue and
green as well as an extensive array of lingerie."

 "For all of you women out there", Ann chimed into the conversation.  "Who are
watching this video because your partner wants to introduce you into bondage,
there are a few things you should understand."

"Accepting the role as the bottom in a relationship, that is to say the slave,
does not mean that you give up all of your rights.  Your freedom perhaps", she
added with a smile.  "But not your rights.  You and your top or master should
discuss your fantasies and come to agreement as to what is and is not out of
bounds.  Remember, we are talking about consensual bondage and that means you
MUST give your consent.  If you don't like what your top is suggesting talk
about it and work out a compromise, but always, always remember you can always
say no."

"For an example of what I am talking about, take a look at the corset that I am
wearing".  The camera zoomed in so that the view consisted of from just below
her chin to the lace tops of her black stockings.  "Personally, I rather like
corsets.  They give you that lovely hour-glass figure, help your posture and
really do wonders empathizing your chest."  Her gloved hands caressed her hips
and narrowed waist as they moved upwards until they cupped her ample mounds,
which were indeed, well displayed by the garment.  "However, I prefer my corsets
in a softer material, such as satin.  My top and I discussed the issue and he
agreed to have this model made out of the softest leather possible." She winked
at the camera conspiratorially.  "Besides he was right, it does look better on
tape!"

The camera panned out and then zoomed in on her smiling face.  "This is supposed
to be fun. It is the foreplay, before the climax.  So enjoy yourselves and take
care of each other."

The camera shifted back to Mr. Thatcher.  "That being said now lets look at some
preparations that you should make prior to embarking on your bondage quest." 
This led into a section on rope preparation:  picking the proper rope, cutting
it into pre-arranged lengths and taping the ends to eliminating fraying. 

"Now to illustrate some simple ways to secure your partners arms...."  Mr.
Thatcher had his wife turn and put her arms behind her back.  Then he went
through showing three separate ways to secure her arms.  First, crossed at the
wrist.  Next, side by side and finally, tying each wrist to the opposing elbow.

The entire time that this was occurring he kept up a running dialogue with his
wife.  The both of them worked together to describe the process.  Their smiling
faces explained how it was possible to effectively restrain your partner without
undue discomfort or pain.  And how to easily check if their bonds were adversely
effecting your partner's circulation.  A simple pinch between thumb and
forefinger was all that was needed.  As long as your partner could feel the
pinch you could feel free to proceed.  It was totally entrancing watching them
work together.  It was as if they were in complete tandem with the one another
and their joy in the subject matter was totally evident.

The film went on with Mr. Thatcher moving onto his wife's legs.  A simple
binding at the ankles and knees was followed by the application of a short
spreader bar.  The third tie was with crossed ankles and again binding above the
knee.  They explained how you had to be very careful with these last two ties
and high heels.  While wearing the spreader bar they focused on her spiked high
heels and how it was very important for her to be properly settled; heels as
straight as possible, toes angled slightly in opposite directions and soles
firmly on the floor.  Similarly, standing with crossed ankles, the camera now
shifted to that picture, can be dangerous in heels because it is very difficult
to maintain your balance.

The picture now dissolved and re-formed to show our lovely hostess standing
before the camera.  "Ladies before we go on I think we should have a quick
discussion about high heels.  The main reason that we wear them is, of course,
because our men love seeing us in them.  However that does not make them
automatically comfortable.  So if your watching this tape and thinking about
buying a pair of high heels here are some tried and true tips to follow.

The camera now zoomed in on Ann's legs, making her highly arched calves and feet
easily visible.  "Walking in spiked six-inch heels is an art and it takes
practice.  My first piece of advice is don't buy a pair of fetish heels like
these until you've taken the time to build up to them.  However, if your partner
has to see you in them now and will not settle for later, that's fine but he
must understand that they are just for bondage play and not for walking.

She smiled as the camera focused back on her face.  "Before I could walk in
these heels correctly my master would carry me from one bondage situation to
another, just so I wouldn't have to take them off."  She winked slyly.  "You see
there are advantages everywhere if you simply look for them".

The camera moved back to her legs and showed her stepping out of her heels.  Ann
next showed an instructional leg and ankle stretching routine that you could do
in 15 minutes a day.  She finished by reminding the audience that if they
intended to wear four to five inch heels on a normal basis, that they should set
aside at least two hours a day to walk about barefoot.  This was to ensure that
the muscles and tendons had sufficient time to stretch out so as to eliminate
any long-term problems.

With this completed she sat down in a chair and reached up to receive a pair of
heels that her husband was handing her.  These were red and obviously not as
high with twin straps that formed a diagonal cross over pattern.  "If you are
well versed with wearing four plus inch heels you may want to skip this step. 
For the rest of us however, I found that it was best to start with a less
adventurous heel."  As she slid them on she continued, "This model is one of the
best as the four and a half inch heel should still be exciting enough for you
partner and the crossed straps (the camera zoomed in on one shoe as she traced
the red straps with her fingers) provide you with additional support.

She stood gracefully.  "Even standing needs to be done properly, when you are
rising imagine you weight being settled just above your hips and move
accordingly."  Sitting she demonstrated standing again and now it was easy to
see how she lined up her upper body as she stood.

"Next, when you are walking your heel should touch the floor first, with your
toes following shortly afterwards.  Some of you may have been told that your
toes should touch first, but that's simply not true.  Doing this causes you to
take shortened steps and forces you to be leaning forward almost constantly."

She now demonstrated walking in the heels and the camera, zoomed and panned to
show both a single step and also her entire form as she glided from one step to
another.  Damn it, I thought to myself, Lucinda had taught me the wrong way!  I
could see by the way Ann easily flowed in the heels that the heel to toe
movement was much easier to balance in.

"You will also notice that I am keeping my feet pointed straight ahead of my
body.  One of the key mistakes that women make when walking in heels is to splay
their toes outward like a duck.  Doing this detracts significantly from the look
you are trying to achieve and can cause undo back and muscle pains.  However
this splaying does allow for more stability for a beginner and that is where
many women become trapped, but if you follow the steps that I am showing you
here you will be able to avoid it. 

"Finally, and perhaps most importantly, buy a quality pair of shoes.  A cheap
pair of shoes or ones that are too tight or loose can really hurt your feet. 
Buy good shoes in your normal size, which feel comfortable when you put them on.

"Ladies if you follow these steps, in time you will be able to walk about in
even higher heels as if you were walking around in bedroom slippers."  The
camera dissolved from Ann face to once again show her legs.  This time her feet
were back in her six-inch patent leather heels as she glided about the room.

The film ended with the pair melding back into their evening dress as they left
the bedroom.  Michael's final pitch came with, "If you want to lean more about
bondage play and positions you should continue watching our series with 'Bondage
102'.

I rose from the couch and got myself a glass of white wine.  Then I popped in
the next tape and settled back onto the couch.  Bondage 102  and 103 added in
different positions and equipment.  And watching closely, as Ann had suggested,
I could see where there were cuts in the filming.  At times she would go from
calmly smiling in a chair tie, to red cheeked and breathing heavily.  She
continued to smile however, so you did have to look for the gaffs.

How do I sign up I thought, now a little lightheaded from the wine.  During the
five different bondage's Ann's amazing body was restrained with ropes, straps
and leather cuffs. Once her cuffed wrist were secured to a thick waist belt and
once to D rings on her collar.  In most of the scenes she was bound sitting upon
a chair, but in a few she was tied to other objects in the house.  The bed, an
ottoman and a tall stool were especially interesting.  As were the five
different gags that her husband stuffed her mouth with, including one that had a
three-inch penis attached to it.  Throughout the whole video Ann responded to
Mr. Thatcher's requests saying, "Yes Sir" and "No Sir".   She raised her wrists
to be bound, moved her legs into position to be restrained, shifted her head in
order to change collars and opened her mouth to except each and every gag. 
Always she appeared to be the epitome of contentment and happiness.  She smiled
mischievously whenever Mr. Thatcher wasn't looking, showing that she was
enjoying the bondage play.  Once while he was talking to the camera and she was
in the background blindfolded, gagged and bound to a chair, you could see her
crooking her finger (in that come here motion) to her husbands back.  In my mind
I imagined her sending the unspoken thought to her husband, to quit talking and
come play with me.

Mr. Thatcher also gazed at his wife appreciatively during the each of the films. 
He commented on what a beautiful picture his lovely assistant made in her custom
made corset (another product plug) and wonderful bondage position.  His
responses to her usually ended or began with the term 'my dear'.  "My dear,
please be so good as to put on this ball gag", he would say or "Thank you my
dear for your wonderful efforts."  It made me think why did all of the partners
call me 'my dear' back at the office?  Coincidence, probably, but I decided to
ask about it when I could devise a good way to do it.

My two favorite bondage positions were the first and the last.  Standing and
hog-tied.  These were in the first and third film, respectively.  I loved the
way that Mr. Thatcher made the rope look so aesthetic, so pleasing to the eye. 
It made me realize what Greg was talking about when he termed himself and
artist.  All of the rows were neat and even, loops of rope tightened the
bindings between wrists, thighs, knees, calves and ankles.  I loved the way that
Ann watched each of her husbands moves during these particular sessions.  She
seemed to know that he had found his one true love in bondage and she enjoyed
being the center of his universe.  Looking at her on the screen, she did indeed
look like a beautiful piece of artwork.  It made me hot inside just thinking
that this is what I would look like for Greg.

I particularly loved the last scene where even though she was tightly hog-tied
she smiled gamely around her gag when her husband said that this was a standard
position in which to leave your partner bound for a lengthy period.

After the films were over the two things that struck me the most was the high
heel instructions and the hog-tie position.  I really wanted to try that one out
for myself, but realized that I would have to wait for morning before attempting
the tricky position.  The heels however, I could play with right now!

I went to the closet and removed the still boxed heels that Mr. Stanton had
brought for me.  I read the labels on the boxes and selected the black patent
leather pair, simply because they boasted a mere five inch heel.  Also these
heels had the crossed strap design that had been described in the film and I
wanted to have the extra support while I practiced.  Mr. Stanton had referred to
these heels as plain, but I found them to be quite charming.  Not as flashy as
the gold and black heels, but lovely all the same.

Looking at the heels and my outfit, I shook my head in resignation.  I couldn't
wear the heels with my peignoir set as they would clash terribly.  Besides, I
didn't even have stockings on and if I was going to practice, and I knew that I
was doing so to please Greg, it only made sense to make it realistic.  A quick
glance at the clock showed that it was well past eleven.  I was kind of tired so
I figured that it would have to wait till tomorrow.

As I reluctantly began to re-fold the paper linings back over the heels, I had
another thought.  Would Greg let me get away with being a little tired if he
wanted me to practice wearing heels?  I think not, I told myself firmly.

I couldn't decide which piece of lingerie to wear with the heels, when a key
word once again crossed my mind.  Realistic.  What would I realistically be
wearing if I were going to wear it with these heels?  Probably a short skirt and
a sexy top was the obvious answer.  I had a number of these outfits, but just as
quickly the perfect one for the job struck me.

Quickly I stripped out of my gown and slippers and went into my walk-in-closet
to pull out my new black leather mini skirt and halter-top.  I added a set of
black stay up stockings with a pair of black panties to complete the outfit.  In
only minutes I was ready for the high heels.

Standing, I modeled the outfit in front of the full-length mirror.  I smiled to
myself as I re-positioned the skirt slightly placing the slit directly over my
left thigh.  Flexing my leg at the knee caused the slit to open showing off the
sexy lace tops of my stockings.  Working with the halter I was able to display a
lot more flesh than when I had first put it on.  The leather felt sumptuous on
my chest.  At first it had been a little cold but now it felt like... part of
me.  All that was left was to put on the shoes, but still I couldn't help but
feel that something was missing.

What could it be?  Greg would love seeing my long legs in the stockings, heels
and leather mini.  And with each breast displayed almost to the nipple, I
couldn't imagine him finding fault with that part of my anatomy.  Bondage.  The
one word ran around in my head.  That was it.  There was nothing to remind me
that he was the Lord and I was his love slave.  He would have come up with
something for sure.

I discarded the idea of the multi-pack stimulator as I figured that that would
probably blow me off of my heels.  Crotch rope!  It came to me in a flash.  Mr.
Thatcher had used one on me during his wager with Mr. Stanton and I had seen him
use it a couple of times during the instructional bondage videos. 

It took me all of ten minutes to realize that I barely had any rope in my
apartment at all.  It was only when I looked in the bathroom that I remembered
that I had a piece of rope that I used for a clothesline.  The good news was
that under the sink I found the remainder of where that rope had come from.  It
was only about ten or twelve feet long, but I figured that that would be enough
for my purposes.

I took off my mini and prepared the rope as Mr. Thatcher instructed by folding
it in half.  Placing the rope around my waist, I inserted the twin ends through
the eye and pulled it tight.  With this accomplished reversed Mr. Thatcher tie
by sliding the circle of rope around my waist so that the remaining rope now
dangled from the middle of my back.  For I had already realized that I couldn't
properly tie it in the back as he had. 

I threaded the cords between my legs and then up under the rope on my belly.  I
left the remaining rope hang in front of me while I completed Mr. Thatcher's
instructions.  As I had seen him do to Ann, I tightened the rope about my waist
until it dug furrows in my tanned flesh.  Holding it so it wouldn't loosen at
the back, I pulled the rope taut against my crotch and tied off the rope in
front of me.  Using scissors I cut of the excess rope so that it would not
dangle below the hem of my leather skirt. 

"Oh, Oh", I moaned in surprise as I stepped into my mini.  The rope had rubbed
my tender mound with each move.  Well that was its purpose I thought and at
least I hadn't been a martyr and taken my panties off!  Looking in the mirror, I
smoothed out the skirt and was gratified to see that the crotch rope was almost
entirely hidden by the leather material.  I smiled, knowing that Greg would
appreciate what I had done.

Finally it was time for the moment of truth.  As my narrow nylon sheathed toes
flowed down the arch of the sole into the depths of the shoe I could feel my
entire foot mate with perfectly sized heels.  Buckling the twin cross straps
across my instep gave me almost a sensual pleasure.  Greg was right again, the
pale black of the nylons contrasted beautifully with the black heels.

Standing up from my vanity chair was my first surprise.  I had done everything
correctly and still I almost fell over backwards as my heels dug deeply into the
wall-to-wall carpeting.  Wind milling my arms I regained my balance.  Then
pushing my weight entirely onto my toes, which by the way all women have learned
to do when walking over gratings on city streets, I walked out of the bedroom to
the kitchen.  The hard linoleum floor proved to be just right for practicing in
my new heels.

I got into a good rhythm of walking forward six steps, bringing both feet
together and then turning very carefully in the other direction.  I almost fell
over the first time that I tried to turn on a dime.  I found however if I tried
a more oval shaped track that I could, put my left foot in front of my right and
by putting all of my weight on my toes I could make a nearly perfect ninety
degree turn. 

It was a lot of work to continually think about keeping your weight centered and
not letting the heels wobble.  And Ann was right that a lot more of my weight
was resting on my toe pads, but perhaps due to her coaching, not painfully so.  
All the while the rope between my legs was doing its own little dance.  Focusing
as much as possible on mastering the heels I was mostly able to keep its teasing
caresses at bay. 

After about ten minutes I felt much more confidant walking in the heels. 
However now that I had gotten over the fear of falling, other feelings were
becoming more predominant.  The rope had pulled itself deep into my pussy and
could no longer be denied.  Added to this excitement was the keen feeling of the
soft leather rubbing against my nipples.  The halter-top was just a bit tight
and each step treated my hardened nipples to yet another sexy massage.  
Finally, there was Greg.  I closed my eyes and smiled just thinking about him. 
It made me warm all over thinking of the lust that this outfit would inspire
within him. 

After another five minutes my breathing was coming heavily and I simply could
not continue.  I sat down on one of the kitchen chairs.  One of my hands slid
under the soft leather that cupped my breast as my fingers felt for my enflamed
nipple.  Pushing the material away, I rolled the tips of two of my fingers over
my ultra sensitive nipple.

Oh, God that felt so good.  In my minds eye it was Greg's hand caressing me,
while his other hand slid under my dress.  My panties slid aside easily, but the
rope had to be pushed away before his fingers could plow into my already
dripping sex.  Soon he had found my g-spot, which caused me to open my legs
wider and at the same time arch my back in sheer pleasure.  My breathing was now
coming in quick gasps as the passion built up within me.  His fingers pinched
down on my nipple as his other hand dove in an out of my sex.  "Oh, Oh, Oh,
Oooohhhhh", I cried as it all became too much for me and I came in a wonderfully
satisfying orgasm.

Leaning against the back of the chair, I rested while both my body and I
returned to normal.  I felt drained and excited at the same time.  Gradually, I
regained my strength and decided that taking off my heels would be a good idea
before I faced the bedroom carpet again.  It seemed to take much more effort to
get them off then put them on, but I persevered.  As I did so my fingers
inadvertently slid into the toe of the shoe.  It was then that I felt the soft
couching pad embedded in the sole.  So this, I thought, is what they meant by a
quality shoe.

Tired and satisfied, I once again wondered about all of the recent changes in my
life.  Specifically the changes that had taken place in my sex life.  For months
after what's his name had left I had led almost a monastic life style.  Now in
the course of a few weeks I had had more orgasms than I had during a year of
normal sex.  In the past my partner never worked to make sure that I achieved
completion, if I did it was a nice side benefit but it wasn't his main goal. 

Greg, on the other hand, was exactly the opposite.  Oh, he delighted in drawing
out my orgasms to make them take longer to achieve than necessary, but this only
made them stronger and sweeter when they finally arrived.  Whenever I was with
him I knew that I was the center of his focus.  Sports, stocks, work he left
them all at the door.  He always put me in the center spotlight and I had found
that I loved this. 

I went to sleep that night thinking these happy thoughts as I snuggled into my
warm blankets.


In the morning I watched the video, 'Bondage 103', for a second time.  The hog
tie position still fascinated me.  Mr. Thatcher had used this position during
his part of the wager and I don't think that I will ever forget the sense of
helplessness that I felt at the time.  That feeling of helplessness was
wonderful though, in that it had let me truly appreciate the entire situation. 
Lying on that card table I had felt like I was on a raised stage, with the
lights above like the spotlights at a theater.  What a rush it was to have
everyone's attention focused on me.  I desperately wanted to achieve that level
of intensity again.  The only thing that bothered me about it was that it would
be difficult or perhaps even impossible to achieve without someone to help me.

However, right at the end of the film, Mrs. Thatcher put herself into a fairly
strict hog tie for her loving husband to find when he completed his part of the
filming.  Mr. Thatcher was very convincing afterwards when he quickly rushed
through his lines to end the tape.  Unfortunately, Ann had not described exactly
what she was doing during her bondage routine, so I had to figure out some of
the final pieces myself.

I made a quick trip to the hardware store where I purchase 100ft. of nylon
clothesline.  I had purchased the nylon rope at the Thatcher's recommendation. 
If you want to make sure that your partner will not escape go with cotton rope,
but for consensual bondage play nylon line is the way to go.

When I got home I separated the rope from my other purchases.  Then using a
kitchen knife I cut a couple of eight-foot lengths and a couple of twelve-foot
lengths.  In my mind the smaller pieces would be for my wrists or ankles and the
larger two for my legs and thighs.  I taped the end of each cord with electrical
tape, just the way that they had shown in the video.  Then setting the washer to
delicate I put in the ropes, using a couple of towels for fill. 

The ropes had finished their third wash cycle by the time I had finished
watching the three films once again.  Mr. Thatcher had explained that the ropes
the company sold were all washed three times before being sold to the customer. 
I shifted them and the towels into the dryer and tried to think of what I could
do with myself for the next hour.

I ran through my normal aerobics exercises, while my mind whirled with pictures
of Ann being bound and how knots were tied.  After that I flowed directly into
the ankle and leg stretching routine.  I had decided that I would add this to my
routine, so that it would become second nature to me.  The buzzer on the dryer
going off brought me back to the real world.

The rest of my weekend consisted of practicing with my new heels and trying to
tie myself up in as many ways as possible.  It was as much fun as it was
educational as I learned a lot about knots and how to properly apply rope over
different types of clothing.  Tying my legs up in jeans was just a lark that
turned out to be a really exciting, because it was so different.  The
comfortable material always bunched around the rope, forming its own unique
look.  This led me to trying to bind myself in any number of different types of
outfits and materials.

Nude bondage, however, was a bust.  I tried it after taking a shower and it just
wasn't the same.  However, I decided that I liked the way the rope felt against
my stockings, just as I liked the feel of my stocking covered toes in my soft
leather slippers.  I loved the feel of satin, silk and lace surrounding my
breasts, especially when it would just barely brush against the tip of my
nipples.  It was different than the feel of leather from last night, but it was
still quite a turn on. 

During all of this self-discovery, I found myself laughing and happy as I
experienced each new learning.  It was like playing a game.  A game where
anything goes and all that is important is finding the things that make you
happy.

My best bondage and orgasm experience came on Sunday afternoon.  I had finally
found the perfect way to put myself into a hog-tie position.  I was wearing a
silky pink bra and panty outfit with white trim, the matching garters and hose
and my white nylon ballet-like slippers.  First I bound both my legs at the
ankles and above the knees, at which I had become quite adept.  I then attached
another piece of rope to my ankles that had two of Ann's special slipknots at
the end of their short run.  Lying down on my belly, I turned on the vibrator. 
(I had worn the Multi Pack Stimulator almost all weekend long and off and on I
would gag myself also.  At the time I had my ball gag firmly between my teeth.)  
Bending my legs down as close as possible towards my back I reached up and found
the two loops.  Sliding my wrists inside, I tightened them by pulling my ankles
away form my wrists.

It wasn't anywhere near as stringent as the bondage imposed upon me by Mr.
Thatcher, but it was a hog-tie all the same.  As I lay there on my bed, I was
able to once again achieve that feeling of being helplessly on display.  My
lover could do anything he wanted to me and I wouldn't be able to stop him.  As
I soaked up these feelings the vibrator was doing it's own thing.  That new
'toy' in my pussy rubbed vigorously up and down my sensitive inner walls, while
the base of the large cock hummed against my G-spot.  This by itself would have
been more than enough to send me over the top, but combined with the fact that I
had been at a high level of excitement for the entire day...

"Uuummmm, Uuuuummnnnn", I moaned like a cat in heat.  The gag was forgotten as a
gut wrenching explosive orgasm built within my enflamed body.  Rolling onto my
side, I tried to scrunch up into a ball but my bonds prevented me.  Those taut
cords pulled through the base of the pseudo penises were also vibrating.  I
could feel the narrow straps thrumming against my flat stomach and tight ass,
sort of like a rubber band that had been plucked.  These same cords also passed
through the base of the butt plug, which doubled the effectiveness of the
vibrator within me. 

My hips thrust against the pressure on there own accord, pulling my bindings
tighter and tighter in the process.  "Aaaarrrrgggghhhhh", I groaned gutturally
into the heavy ball.  The softer motions of small penis in my anal brought back
sexually charged memories of Greg's intrusion in that same opening.  My hands
were balled into fists so tightly that they hurt.  My slippers arched and
crested in tandem above my bond ankles. 

In minutes the fire between my legs was an inferno and yet it continued to
build.  I gasped in breathes quickly through my nose as my body arched again and
again to this sexual onslaught.  "Ohhhh God, Ohhhhhhh God, Ohhhhhhhh Yes. 
Yessss.  Yessssss", I thought as I came in the blockbuster of all orgasms.  I
thrashed from side to side, ripping at my restraints with all of my strength. 
The waves of release continued to crash into me like huge breakers onto a sandy
beach.  More and more waves swept through me, until my sexually charged body
tingled from the roots of my hair to the leather covered toes of my feet.  I
screamed with delight into my gag as the monstrous orgasm finally ended. 

As my body began to relax, in the warm after glow of sexual release, I realized
that I was ready to quit.  The large prick bound into my body, of course, had
other ideas.  The constant vibrations did not cease with my orgasm.  The cords
did not stop their thrumming and the plug in my rear passage way did not cease
its seductive motions.  Rather than bask in release, I could feel my body
tensing towards another round. 

At that point I began to realize that my fingers were tingling. I couldn't see
behind me but, with all of my wild gyrations I must have tightened the slipknots
so much so that they were cutting off my circulation.  With all of the energy
remaining in my body I willed my legs closer to my hands in order to give me a
little slack.  It was difficult, but now I could slide my fingers beneath the
rope around my wrists and open up one of the bindings.  Try as I might though, I
couldn't loosen the rope enough.

This bit of frustration again pushed me over the top.  It took a little longer
this time as I tried to fight it off.  But the base of that vibrator continued
to hum viciously against my G-spot.  Soon I was shifting myself from hip to hip,
which only intensified the building fire.  Higher, higher, higher the pressure
built.....

"UUUUuuummmnnnnnn", I screamed once more as the wave spread through my body.  I
pulled at my restraints, making my whole body as taut as the skin on a drum. 
Again and again the waves passed through me, not as intense as the previous
orgasms, but great just the same.  Once again the sexual release subsided and in
a state of exhausted frenzy I returned to my task.

Rolling on my side, I felt around with my almost numb hands.  It took what
seemed like hours of shimming around on the bed until I touched the hard metal
object.  Thank God, I had found the little folding knife that I had left as my
backup plan.  At the time I had thought that I wouldn't need it, but over the
last few weeks I had learned that it was always a good idea to have a last
resort solution in mind.  It took awhile for me to finally get the blade opened
and positioned properly.

The vibrations of the fake penises were beginning to be uncomfortably insistent. 
This time however, I didn't feel the building of the orgasms that I had come to
expect.  It just seemed to get me to a very high level of excitement, but not
take me over the peak.  This was fortunate however, because it allowed me to
finally cut my way loose.

Now, I was able to truly enjoy the funk of great sex as I turned off the
vibrator and rubbed the circulation back into my hands.  Life was good and best
of all Greg would be back tomorrow!




Leather & Lace, Co.
Chapter 14 - Dinner is Served
By the White Knight

I doubt that many people are hugged and kissed, in Lucinda's case, when they
arrive at work for the first time.  However, this was exactly what happened as I
arrived at the Leather and Lace office on Monday morning.  I was a bit tired
from the long flight out from the west coast and my body was still telling my
mind that it was only 7 o'clock in the morning despite the fact that my watch
read 10am.  The knowledge that all of the partner's thought that this was the
place for me was exhilarating none the less.  Regardless, I still was unsure if
this was the right move for me...

Then I saw her.  She was walking directly away from me, oblivious to my return. 
I had forgotten how statuesque she was and it all came back to me as I viewed
her long slim body striding gracefully about her business.  Sharon was wearing a
pair of chambray colored slacks that while not being overly tight showed off the
charms of each lovely cheek.  The bottoms of the pant legs ended in flared cuffs
that nearly covered her shoes.  This peaked my interest, because her shoes were
of a style that I hadn't seen in years.  They were brown with stacked heels that
were probably between three and four inches.  The leather upper, which extended
up over her instep in the Quaker style, sported a decoration of gold chain.  It
was the square cut toe of the shoe that made them so different.  This design
made her size 7 feet appear even smaller and more delicate.

The partner's quieted down as they noticed that they hand lost my attention.  I
could see each of them smiling at me in my peripheral vision and it made me
wonder.  Were they using Sharon as the trap to bring me to L&L?  Was she in
their minds the link pin that would irrevocably meld them to Stanton
Enterprises?

"Sharon", Lucinda called to the goddess across the room.  She turned and then
froze.  A small tremor seemed to pass through her.  Eventually she smiled and
began walking towards me.  Her creamy white top was a simple button down which
accentuated her breasts in a Town and Country sort of way.  Whatever my new
partners reasoning, I couldn't imagine a sweeter trap.

Standing hesitantly in front of our group, she said softly, "Hi Greg".  I
couldn't stand to see her feel so uneasy, so I opened my arms and pulled her
into me.  The feel of her supple body pressed against my own, reminded me of our
recent adventures and sent my blood racing.  I kissed her chastely.  Pulling
away just a bit, I gave her my best Harrison Ford-like roguish grin as I said,
"Every time that I see you, you look even more beautiful than the last."

Harry (Harrison) cleared his throat forcing me to look away from the lovely
creature in my arms.  "Greg", he said in his fatherly voice.  "Why don't you and
Sharon take a fifteen minute break and get reacquainted.  Will meet you in the
conference room at 10:30am and start hashing out our plans.  How does that
sound?"

Before I could answer Sharon jumped in.  "Mr. Harrison, you don't have to do
that!  I'm sure that Greg would agree with me that we don't want our
relationship to compromise the job at hand."  Personally, I'm a bit more
self-centered than my lady and I would have gladly accepted.  However, she was
right so I nodded my agreement.

"Nonsense", Harry rejoined looking directly at Sharon.  "I would say this to my
own daughter or son (he nodded his head towards me), love comes before work. 
Handle that part of your life properly and the rest will all fall into place".  
Sharon blushed deeply as I steered her away from the group, with a wave and a
word of thanks.

We left the building and walked out onto the busy Manhattan sidewalk.  I put my
arm possessively around her shoulders and felt her arm go about my waist as her
head leaned into my chest. 

"Do you really like my outfit?" she asked.  It has always amazed me what women
find important, but at least it was an easy icebreaker.

"Yes, I do.  In fact I think that you look absolutely stunning."  I answered
truthfully.

"Oh, I'm glad.  I wasn't sure if you would always want me to wear trendy skirts
and high heels and I was a little afraid that you wouldn't approve."

"Princess, you have your own style and I love it.  I wouldn't want you to change
who you are just to please me.  If I suggest a change and you like it, that's
great, but if not you should always feel free to tell me so."  I had steered her
into Central Park as we walked and spying an empty bench we both sat down. 
"Beside your style is so refreshing.  Your shoes for example are casual, yet
scream femininity."  As a woman walked by I pointed inconspicuously towards her
shoes.  "She my dear is wearing the height of fashion.  The long pointy toe is
all the rage this year and you'll see that style on every woman in Vogue or
Cosmopolitan."

"I hate them.  To me they look like clown shoes."  Sharon huffed.

With one hand I gently turned her beautiful face towards me.  God she was
gorgeous, I thought as I looked at her incredible features.  The full sensuous
lips painted with a creamy dark pink color, beneath that cute button nose and
high model-like cheek bones were a treat all their own.  Oh, and those hazel
eyes that projected love and tenderness all of which was framed by her luscious
wavy auburn hair. 

"I agree 100% darling."  I chuckled.  "I don't think that I would have called
them clown shoes, but I totally agree that they are simply ugly."

This earned me a big dazzling smile, which was nothing to the reaction that I
elicited with my next statement.  "You know Mr. Harrison was right love should
always come first and Sharon I really do love you."  All I can say is that the
young lady doesn't know her own strength.  I thought she was going to break my
neck as she put her arms around my neck and hugged me fiercely, and told me that
she loved me too.  Fortunately, this bear hug was short lived as her lips sought
out mine.  Our mouths sealed the bargain allowing us to get on with our lives.

The rest of the day passed in a blur for me.  There was so much to take in all
in one sitting.  The key, though, was that we worked out a schedule in which I
would be understudying each of the partners.  This would allow me to gradually
work my way into the firm and with my fresh outlook, hopefully see where there
was room for improvement or innovation.

It was difficult watching Sharon leave at five o'clock while the other partner's
and I had to stay around for a rap up meeting.  She told me not to worry,
because it would give her time to work out, shower and throw something together
for dinner.  "That's fine princess", I said softly, "but don't worry about
dinner.  I will be cooking for you!"  She looked like she was going to argue so
I put a finger over her lips.  "Trust me, I've been cooking for myself for years
and I haven't poisoned myself yet."  She smiled and left without any further
argument.

It was my first time to her apartment and despite getting driving directions
from mapquest.com I still ended up asking a gas station attendant where Halsted
Avenue was.  This proved to be a blessing in disguise, for when I was lost I
happened upon a handy grocery store.

I had barely knocked on her door when Sharon opened it.  The suddenness of this
almost made me drop my packages.  Of course this also might have been do to the
fact that I was once again stunned by the beauty of this woman who professed to
love me.  She stood in the doorway in the ruby red Elizabethan style gown that
we had picked up together, which showed off a dazzling amount of her creamy
mounds.  Her pose opened one of the slits invitingly showing off sheer black
stockings and the sexy satin feather tufted mules.  She wiggled one of the
sandals to draw my attention and said with a smile, "I also have a pair of my
leather ballet style slippers in this color if that is more to your liking my
lord."

Shaking my head slowly, I replied, "No princess, I wouldn't have you change a
thing."  She smiled and stepped aside so I could enter.  I couldn't help but
notice that she walked exceedingly well in the four-inch heels as she led me to
the kitchen.  My memory wasn't all that clear, but despite her vivaciousness I
didn't remember her being that graceful in the heels last week. 

"Now, what can I do to help", she asked as I put down the groceries on the
table.

"Point me to your wok or skillet if you don't have a wok and then skeedattle!" I
answered with a smile.

She frowned slightly as she pulled out an electric Wok from one of the cabinets. 
"But, I thought I could help you make dinner."

"Princess I promise that I will give you plenty of opportunities to cook for me,
but today I am cooking for you.  Now off you go.  I'll call you when dinner is
ready."

Reluctantly she left and I closed the kitchen door behind her.  I looked around
and began to familiarize myself with the surroundings, noting where things were
that I would need to compete the meal.  The cutting board and knives were my
first prizes and I placed these next to the sink as I began washing the
vegetables. 

Not ten minutes into my preparations the door opened and Sharon asked
plaintively, "Are you sure that I can't help you?"

"Yes, princess, I am sure", I said tolerantly.  As I gently turned her around
and patted her supple rear end propelling her gently out of my domain.  I went
back to my work, chopping off the ends of the beans and asparagus.  This time it
was less than five minutes before she returned.

"Princess, out!" I told her sternly.  I cut off her protest as I closed the door
in her face.  If it had a lock I would have used it, unfortunately the door was
more for decoration than security. 

I had barely turned my back when I heard the door opening again.  "But I don't
know what to do with myself", she whined. 

Smiling I turned to face her.  "Oh, you don't know what to do with yourself is
that the problem.  You should have said so earlier, I'm sure I can think of
plenty of things to do with you."  My smile had turned cold and I saw her gulp
like a frightened child.  She knew now that she had over stepped her bounds and
was only waiting to hear her sentencing.  Taking her hand I walked her down the
short hallway, which ended in the combination dinning and living room.  Seeing
the couch and the TV, my plan coalesced in my mind.

"You told me that you were playing with rope yesterday, correct", I asked her
firmly.

"Yes, my lord", she answered me sheepishly.

"I want you to bring me the rope, your ball gag and those slippers that you
mentioned earlier", I stated commandingly.

"Yes, my lord", Sharon replied quickly as she scurried away to do my bidding. 
She returned in mere minutes bearing the items.

"Sit down on the coach."  She sat primly with her legs together at the knees and
her back straight.  "Place your gag and your mouth and buckle it in place".  
She had changed her lip color to a dark red that looked truly fantastic as she
obediently encircled the yellow ball.  Tossing her auburn locks out the way with
a flick of her head she buckled the leather strap and then looked up at me. 
"One more notch please, princess".  She did so digging the straps deeply into
the corners of her cheeks and pulling the ball further into her mouth.  The tips
of two of her gleaming white incisors now peaked from below her top lip as her
jaw was distended even farther then before.  "Now replace your mules with your
slippers".  She bent over gracefully and removed the mules, placing them neatly
together to one side of her feet.  Sliding into the soft kidskin she arched her
feet playfully like a ballerina, to show off her sexy slippers. 

While I enjoyed her little show it also pointed out to me that she wasn't quite
taking this seriously enough yet.  I smiled as I thought of one little addition
to the bondage that I had planned, which might make her think twice before
bothering me again. 

"Bind you ankles together with the rope".  Picking up one of the pieces of rope
she properly folded it and then proceeded to thread the ends through eye
slightly above her ankles.  She wrapped the rope twice more about her black
nylon sheathed legs and tied it off by encircling these bands and tightening
them in the process.  The rope work wasn't as neat as it could be, but the
tightness was attested to by the deep furrows that she had created in her supple
flesh.  "Very good, princess.  You appear to have learned quite a bit in our
short absence."  I complimented her.  "Now add another binding just above your
knees".  Sharon tossed aside the entire front panel of her gown to lie next her
on the couch.  This move revealed her black lace garter and panty set.  Although
my view of her panties was partially obscured, those wonderfully sculpted long
legs were breath taking to behold.  Without a pause she selected another piece
of rope and set about her task.  Again her rope work could use improvement,
regardless though the white rope binding her sheer black stocking clad legs was
awe-inspiring. 

I moved over and sat beside her.  "Turn and put your arms behind you".  She
turned placing her crossed wrists behind her as requested.  I separated her
wrist and bound each with there own short cord.  "Now put your arms together
elbows to wrists".  I was actually surprised that she knew what I meant, as
evidenced by her brisk response.  I bound each wrist to the opposite elbow with
a binding pattern very similar to that used on her ankles and legs.  "Turn back
to your front, princess".  She did so to find me holding another length of rope. 
I slid this through the binding at her knees and then wrapped it around the back
of her neck.  "Lean forward, princess".  As she did so I tightened the rope
until I was able to cinch the rope once again to the binding about her knees. 
She was now bent over at a 45-degree angle from her waist and it was necessary
for her to raise her eyes simply to look at me.  Her tightly bound legs and arms
hadn't left her much freedom to begin with, but this out and out eliminated it.

Turning on the TV to the local news, I happily surveyed my handiwork as I headed
back towards the kitchen. 

"Aaaammmrrraa", she called urgently to my back.  I turned as being well versed
in gag-speak I realized that Sharon had said camera. 

"You want me to get the camera?"  I asked for clarification.  Sharon nodded her
head affirmatively as much as she could in her bound state. 

"Aaaauuummm", she hummed past her gag.

"You want me to get the camera, so I can take pictures for our album", I
responded as I now understood her intent.  "My God woman you are simply
incorrigible".  I smiled at her beautiful face, complete with the sexy yellow
ball gag.  "And I love it!"

Before returning to my work in the kitchen, I followed her suggestion and
retrieved my camera from the car.  The first shot was my favorite.  Kneeling
directly in front of the TV I had a fantastic frontal view of my bound lover. 
Her warm green eyes smiled at me as I adjusted the zoom so that she filled the
picture from head to toe.  Thick hair fell forward neatly framing her face in a
lovely auburn wreath, held in check only by the red satin hair band that she
wore.  The yellow ball and tight black straps pulled tightly at her sexy red
lips. 

I've always loved the look of a ball gag in a sexy female's mouth and Sharon was
no exception to this rule.  Her brandy colored lips were stretched to the limit
around the bright yellow piece of rubber.  Every once and a while she would bite
down on the ball to alleviate the stress, but ultimately she would have to give
up her futile attack.

Directly below her finely chiseled chin laid a wonderful display of her lightly
tanned breasts.  The elegantly gathered material pushed her chest tightly
together forming a barley defined shelf of well rounded mounds.  Below this her
black panties and garters peaked out from beneath her gown.  Her tightly bound
legs where sheathed in their shinny black stockings, with her feet comfortably
ensconced in her ballet-like slippers.

After taking a few pictures from her side, I helped her slide back into the red
satin mules in order to add a bit of a flare to the shots.   As I stood up to
resume my cooking, Sharon moaned, "Aaaaaaqqq".  I stopped as the lady began
shifting her position, bit by bit, until her back was facing me.  "Ah, yes", I
replied to my assistant happily.  "I did almost forget your back!"

After a dozen or so pictures the roll ended, which I felt was a good place to
stop and return to my cooking.  I patted my lover on the head, thanking her for
her help before I returned to the kitchen.

I completed my stir-fry meal, leaving it on warm as I went to retrieve my
partner.  Once she was released from her neck binding, she sat up and rolled her
head in circles.  After she had loosened her aching muscles, I removed her gag. 
"Would you like to be bound or unbound for dinner, princess", I asked the lovely
lady. 

"Unbound", she replied.  "But not just yet."  I looked at her questioningly. 
Smiling at me mischievously she explained. "If you are going to provide the
dinner, I would at least like to provide the appetizer... afterwards, if you
wish, you may unbind me for dinner."

I smiled as I lowered the zipper and dropped my pants.  My member sprang
directly towards her as if it had a mind of its own.  As I rubbed my hardening
rod against her cheeks Sharon began to kiss, up and down its sides.  A sucking
kiss right on the tip announced her desire to please me... now.  Slowly she
worked her way down and around my pole kissing and licking every inch of the
way.  My cock throbbed and bobbed of its own accord pulling away from her
searching lips, like a loose firemen's hose attached to an active hydrant.  I
thought of holding it steady, but it was too much fun, watching the bound beauty
darting her head and tongue this way and that to catch up to it.  I put my hands
about her neck and massaged the angry red line left by the rope, she sighed and
moaned appreciatively. 

Sharon finally caught up to the head of my penis.  She held it in her open
mouth, as her tongue licked around and over the cap.  Like a powerful vacuum her
mouth closed in on the sides of my cock as she sucked for all she was worth. 
This pulled her head forwards and encasing a good two inches of my manhood.  She
slid backwards and forwards, continuing to take in only the first couple of
inches.  I moved my hands to the back of her head, wrapping my fingers in her
long auburn locks.  Now it was my turn to moan.  I watched, in rapt attention,
as her widely spread brandy colored lips moved up and down my hardened rod. 
With the sides of her mouth tight against my pole each move caressed the entire
circumference.  The noises emanating from her efforts excited me to no end. Her
labored breathing through her nose and those warm, slurppy, sucking sounds.  It
sounded like she was sucking a favorite ice pop... except oh so much more
sensual.  I moaned in ecstasy.

The princess had gotten herself into a comfortable rhythm of upward and downward
motions.  She worked hard to thrust her head forwards on the downward plunges. 
Her increased efforts had finally achieved perfection as her nose began to bury
itself in my pubic hairs.  Looking behind her, as she once again assumed a
45-degree angle with her upper body, I saw her hands tightly gripping her own
arms.  Her eyes were closed and I knew that her entire focus was on sucking me
off.  I could feel myself on the verge of coming as my cock began to give little
pre-cum jumping jacks in her busy mouth.  Sharon obviously knew what this
portended, as she began to back me out of her mouth, with the obvious intention
of having me explode outside of that warm orifice.  I watched her as she did
this.  Eyes closed, sucking strongly as she pulled backwards.

Until this point I had left her in complete control of her fate.  Now, I held
her head tightly in my strong hands and roughly pushed my meat back into her
mouth until it hit the back of her throat.  Her eyes popped open in surprise.  I
began to push her head forwards and backwards once again, as she now became the
slave to my rhythm.  She began to relax, taking the situation in stride, right
up until I exploded.

As my jism erupted, I forced her to totally deep throat my entire cock.  With my
rough pubic hair ground against her nose and lips, she gagged at first, as shot
after shot of hot cum hit the back of her throat and was pumped directly into
her stomach.  After the initial shock, which had caused tears to form in the
corners of her eyes, she took to the job at hand like a champion.  She sucked
and drank down my entire load!  As she finished and my excitement ebbed, I let
go of her head.  Sharon backed her mouth off of my manhood.  She looked up at my
satisfied features and then back down at my slowly deflating cock.  A drop of
white after cum glistened in its one eye.  Leaning forward she gave the head a
luscious kiss and licked the goo away.  Again she looked up at me and smiled,
"Good, now I'm ready for dinner".

"You know when I was a teenager we used to call girls like you eleven's", I
informed my lovely companion.

"What's an eleven?" She asked innocently.

"A ten that swallows!" said I, with my best leer.

"Oh, that's crude.  But I like it!" Sharon replied with a dazzling smile.

With the lovely lady unbound we dinned in the Kitchen.  We shared a bottle of
wine with the meal, but I let her have the lions share as I was still tired from
my travels. 

It was a pleasure just to watch her, to be with her, to drink in her essence. 
She listened to my stories with an intensity, which reminded me of students
listening in rapt fascination to a truly good lecturer.  When she spoke her
vivaciousness flowed from her, making the subject of her tale both exciting and
interesting. 

I noticed the red rope marks from Sharon's earlier confinement as she gestured
with her hands while telling a story about helping a customer.  For a woman who
was bound totally helpless only minutes before it was amazing to see how easily
she accepted this new part of her life.

Sharon stood up and started to clean up.  "Oh, I just love this song", she
announced as a male classical singer began belting out a love long.  Personally,
I didn't listen to classical music as a matter of course, so I wasn't familiar
with the song.  Sharon, though, obviously was.  With a plate in each hand she
danced about the room as graceful as a ballroom dancer.  As the tenor hit a high
note, she stopped in place so suddenly that the heels of her mules were lifted
completely off the floor.  The singer held this note for what seemed like
minutes while she stood there like a statue.  Sharon's eyes were closed with her
head thrown backwards in abandon to the music.  Her back was arched, while her
arms held the plates delicately before her.  Those beautiful legs were stretched
to the extreme as the four-inch heels she wore cleared the floor by a good three
inches!  I couldn't believe what I was seeing she was nearly standing completely
on her toes!

As the note was finished she lowered herself gracefully back to the floor and
finished dancing the dishes to the sink.  When the song ended and she was once
again seated across from me, I asked her how she had done that. 

"You mean stand there in a level three position?" She replied.

"Level three?"

"Ballet, darling", she responds with a lilting laugh.  "Basically there are four
levels, you would call them heights, which your heel is supposed to be above the
floor during different movements in a ballet.  The quarter point with your heel
just off the floor, the half point or the three-quarter point where you form a
straight line from the knee to ball of the foot. Only women can attain the
fourth level, which is standing on the toes and called sur les pointes or "on
pointe." This of course requires special reinforced shoes known as toe shoes or
pointe shoes.  I still have a pair in the closet, although I quit practicing
when I was sixteen."

"Why did you quit", I asked in interest. 

"Ballet is fun when your young, but as you grow older it becomes more and more
intense.  If you want to really become a ballerina you have to put your heart
and soul into it at the exclusion of everything else.  But it wasn't my dream,
you see, it was my mothers.  So in my later years it became sheer drudgery. 
Finally in my sophomore year I got up the courage to tell my mother how I felt
about it."  Sharon looked away from me before she continued.  "In fact, I don't
think my mother has ever forgiven me for quitting.  From that point on we've
just never really gotten along."

Standing I walked in front of her and held out my hands.  She took them and I
swept her into a comforting hug.  "I'm sorry Sharon.  I didn't mean to open old
wounds."

"Thanks", she said softly.  "But in all honesty, I only feel anger towards them. 
They wanted me to be some perfect little caricature of a person.  A plastic
Barbie doll that went to the right schools, married the right boys and lived a
financially secure life unhappily ever after."

"Well I don't think that I would have qualified as one of their 'right boys'", I
said with a laugh.  "But speaking of financially secure, I've lined up a realtor
who is going to show us some houses this weekend."

She looked up at me with her watery eyes beaming.  "Boy you really know how to
perk a girl up!"  We talked about housing hunting for a few minutes, as I
steered her towards the bedroom.  Tired as I was I could see that my young colt
was straining at the bit with sexual excitement.  Of course, even if I had
missed these silent messages her bed told the same tale.

Lying on her white comforter were her nylon cuffs, which had already been
fastened to the corner posts of the bed.  Separating herself from me she went
over and sat on the bed.

"I can tell that you're tired my lord, but if it pleases you I would greatly
appreciate your affections", she stated demurely.  How can one deny such a
lovely slave? 

"Would you like to cum tonight, princess?"

"If it pleases you, my lord", she replied with a grin.

I gave her my own mischievous smile.  "Actually I am very tired, princess.  So I
am going to have to limit our activities to a mere half of an hour".  She looked
crestfallen, but quickly tried to hide it.  "However, within that time I promise
that you will cum not once, but three times!" 

Her expression turned to disbelief, but I didn't reassure her.  "Now bind
yourself to the bed and include your blindfold, while I retrieve your slippers." 

She was just finishing her last wrist cuff as I returned.  I had not only
brought her slippers with me, but had also picked my camera, a large decorative
pillow from the couch and a towel from the bathroom.  I laid down the pillow and
towel on the vanity, then took a couple of shots of my lover from different
angles.

Sharon could here the camera's whirl, which caused her to smile.  "I thought
that I was going to have to remind you again."

I chuckled as I finished and then sat down on the bed.  With both hands I gently
caressed her luscious breasts through the soft satin material.  My lips found
their way to the nape of her neck and slowly worked their way up to her dangling
earlobe. 

"Hhhmmmm", Sharon moaned with a happy smile.  A number of times her lips sought
out mine, but I would have none of it as I continued to kiss and caress the
lovely lady.  Sliding my fingers under the material confining her chest, I
pushed it downwards until her nipples peered above the fabric.  This now gave
her breast the appearance of residing in a balconette bra.  The half-cup self
like bra showed off her firm mounds magnificently, complete with her hardened
nipples that stood at attention like Buckingham Palace soldiers.  Slowly, I
kissed my way towards her chest as my hands moved lower on her.  Gently, I let
my tongue caress her bullet shaped nipples as my fingers began to explore her
vulva.  Softly I ran my digits across the top of her lower mouths lips and then
silently slid between them.  I heard something fall onto the carpeted floor
behind me and turned my head just in time to see Sharon kick off her second
mule. 

"Oh, yes", she moaned as she thrust her hips upwards to meet my first touch of
her clitoris.  I rubbed that excitable little piece of her flesh with slow
circular motion that matched my tongue's movements upon her nipples.  Her
breathing became more and more rapid with each caress of her fevered body.

Raising my head from her chest, I increased the tempo of my assault on her clit. 
I loved watching as her whole being tensed towards the inevitable climax.  How
her hands held onto the nylon straps, pulling at them with all her might, to
gain that last centimeter of room.  With her dark stocking covered toes digging
into the pure white comforter, she strained at her bounds to allow her hips room
to writhe my touch.  Sharon was no longer smiling as her face below the mask
took on a more serious and excited look.  Her slightly parted lips shown wetly
in the dim lights of the room.  She had become a wild sexual animal entirely
under my control.  I smiled as I lowered my head.

"Ow.  Ow", she moaned as I nipped at her hardened nipples.  Her hips and my hand
had become as one as we fell into sync with one another.  Our motions were now
shorter, fiercer and quicker.  "OW.  Ooooowwwwww", she cried as I tugged at her
tits with my teeth.

I sucked on her abused nipple, distending it with my suction and then letting it
snap back down to her chest.  "Ooooohhhhhh, yes... yes... yes... YES!" she
screamed as she came in a dazzling display of her luscious body's lust.   Her
hips continued to undulate as her orgasm burned within her.  I removed my hand
and cleaned off her juices on the towel before placing on the bed beneath firm
cheeks. 

Sharon relaxed as her explosion ebbed and a satisfied smile returned to her
pretty face.
I lightly traced the sole of her foot with a soft caress and was surprised when
she giggled and jerked her foot away.

She was still giggling as she told me, "Sorry, but I'm extremely ticklish." 

"Ah", I replied knowingly as I slid on her red leather slippers and mentally
filed away that very interesting information.  The black stocking looked
stunning flowing into the red leather, so I rewarded her for getting the
slippers so promptly by giving her a quick foot massage.  She purred her
approval.

"Now for the unveiling of our new masterpiece", I said as I swept away the front
panel of her gown.  Sure enough her brown muff glistened in the light.  Easing
the thick pillow under her hips made the display even more memorable.  Snapping
my fingers, I eased off the bed and shot another two or three pictures.  Oh,
what a lovely site she made with her sex proudly opened before me just begging
for attention.

Sharon had taken on a languid, totally relaxed look as she laid on the bed
within her bonds.  "No rest for the wicked", I informed her as I used my hands
to part her vulva and inserted my tongue.  Quickly, I found her clit and began
lapping at it like a dog with his water dish.  Her body stiffened immediately,
attempting to stay as still as possible so that my oral digit could do its job. 

"Oh, yes.  That's so excellent", she breathed softly.  With my tongue now firmly
planted, I reversed my previous attack by having my hands caress her chest.  In
only a few minutes she was once again at fever pitch and with a couple of twists
of her nipples and an expert flick of my tongue I once again brought her to
climax.

"Oh, God", she moaned as she relaxed.  "That was absolutely fantastic.  But, I'm
exhausted.  You'll never be able to get me to come for a third time while I am
this tired."

"Oh, ye of little faith", I told her as I went into her closet.  I found what I
was looking for quickly.  Next I search in her bedside table and found her
Vaseline.  Resuming my place between her legs, I pushed the pillow back so that
it was now under the small of her back.  She helped me out by holding up her
body with widely spread legs bent at the knees. 

Coating my index finger with the goey substance, I slid between her gaping
panties and found her nether hole. 

"Eeww", she shivered a bit.  "Its cold".  Sharon complained as I pushed my digit
into her, smearing her ring with the slippery Vaseline.  She had expected what
was to come next, but I had added at bit of a twist.  Instead of the tapered
butt plug that she had become used to, I pushed into her anus the thick head of
her phallus shaped vibrator. 

"Ohhhh, God", she groaned as the tick plastic cock invaded her ass.  Her
muscular inner walls exuded an incredible amount of pressure as I continued to
push the dildo into her.   When it was a bit more than half way in and I could
see that she could push it out on her own, I twisted the little switch on the
bottom.

"Oh my, God", she moaned as her body shook to the simulation.  "That feel's
so...."  Before she could finish her sentence I plunged my own rod into her hot
love canal and began pumping her for all that I was worth.  "...so GREAT.  Oh
please, whatever you do don't stooooppp."  Her hips flowed into sync with mine
as she ate up the sensual vibrations coming from her rear. 

Sharon's head rocked from side to side in time to our love-making.  Her back
arched with me, pulling her wrists and ankles against their restraints.  Leg
muscles rippled beneath the sheer hose as they fought to support her needs.  Her
beautifully formed mounds rose and fell seductively to her labored breathing. 

I couldn't help but cum, seeing all that loveliness before me.  As I continued
to thrust my jism into her, she exploded once again.  Our juices flowed
together, overwhelming her orifice and dripping unto the towel.  I bucked my
hips in and out of her until every last drop had been emptied from my member.

I smiled as I lifted her sleeping mask from her and pointed towards the clock. 
With an effort she shifted her head and then giggled, "You bastard you lied." I
looked at her quizzically.  "You only took 28 minutes!"  Once she was unbound we
walked arm and arm to the bathroom to clean up.

That night she fell asleep unfettered, smiling like a sated cat upon my chest. 




Leather & Lace, Co.
Chapter 15 - Adventures in Babysitting
By the White Knight

The next day at work I was definitely tired and on top of that I had to incur
all of my partner's comments that it appeared that I was still wearing the same
clothes as yesterday.  Sharon turned red at these comments, but she smiled
none-the-less.  Making matters worse she appeared fit as a fiddle causing
Lucinda to say, "That something or.... Someone was obviously agreeing with her." 
Sharon and Lucinda shared knowing looks and than both glanced at me.  "I think I
need a cup of coffee", I said as I beat a hasty retreat.

When I returned I found Sharon talking enthusiastically to Mike Thatcher.  I was
just in time to hear her say "... I'll be happy to do it".   

"Happy to do what?"  I asked.

"Mr. Thatcher's has been planning to take his wife out the Evening Dinner
Theater for weeks and unfortunately their babysitter just called and had to
cancel.  He was just asking me to call to get a refund on his tickets, but I
told him that I'd be happy to watch the kids for the evening."

The smile froze on my face.  Being as I had been away for a week, I had had
other things in mind.  My lovely partner, though, appeared to be much less
selfish than myself.  Heck, when life hands you a bunch of lemons it's time to
make lemon aid.

Looking over at Mike and I gave him a slight shrug.  "Actually, WE would be
happy to watch the kids tonight."  He visibly sighed and then thanked the both
of us profusely.  As he walked away Sharon gently touched my face and looked up
into my eyes.  "That was really kind of you.  I'm sure that watching three kids
on your second night back in town was not in your plans, but it is so tough for
the two of them to get time alone just to be a couple that I couldn't help but
volunteer."

"You my dear", I said with a grin, "are much more generous than I.  However,
that is a wonderful trait to have and I wouldn't want you to feel that you
should change it.  So we'll pretend that we are teenagers again and go watch the
Thatcher's children tonight."

"You're a good man, honey and I promise that I will make it up to you", she said
seriously.

"Oh, I not worried about that darling.  I'm actually quite good at thinking up
ways for you to make it up to me".  I bent down and gave her a chaste kiss. 

Sharon smiled her brilliant white smile and responded suggestively, "I'm sure
that you are!"  With that she turned on her heel and returned to work.  I went
to Harry's office to sit with him for the day and learn how he fit into the
organization. 

At lunch Harry took me over to the New York Racquet club and signed me up under
their company account.  That finished, we visited a local deli and picked up
some sandwiches and fruit before returning to the office.  Harry told me that he
liked to work out during lunch and then eat in the office afterwards.  That
worked for me so I told him that I would probably join him more often than not.

The rest of the day passed quickly and Sharon and I were able to leave on time. 
I kissed her warmly goodbye as we went to our separate apartments.  After a
shower and a bite to eat, I put together an overnight bag so that there wouldn't
be a repeat of this morning.

Arriving at the Thatcher's, shortly before 7:30pm, I was warmly greeted by Ann. 
She also thanked me for agreeing to take care of the kids as she walked me into
the house.  The three kids were sitting at the kitchen table finishing their
dinner.  "Do you guys remember Uncle Greg", Ann asked the children.  The eldest,
who was a spitting image of his father, was the only one that shook his head
affirmatively.  Their middle boy, stared at me blankly as he gave me a cautious
smile.  Their little golden haired angel, Kathleen, spoke up and answered
honestly, "No". 

I smiled at them and then crouched down near the table, so as not to appear
quite as large and foreboding.  "Well, I remember all of you."  I ruffled
Kathleen's beautiful blond curly hair and told her, "The last time that I saw
you, you were just a wee little baby.   And you boys have grown up quite a lot
in those five years, my goodness your getting huge."

Mathias, their middle son, smiled at me from his perfectly innocent face and
said, "No, I'm huge, Donny is just getting taller."  Surely enough his frame was
much larger than his thin elder brother but he didn't look at all overweight.  I
laughed with the kids some more until I heard footsteps behind me.

Turning, I found Mike and Sharon standing in the doorway, my eyes however were
riveted on my lovely partner.  She was wearing the fawn colored suede mini skirt
and halter-top that we had picked up at dad's company and she looked absolutely
stunning.  "You, my dear, look simply delicious", I told her as I rose to greet
them. 

"Why thank you kind sir", she intoned like a southern belle.  As we embraced
warmly she whispered in my ear, "I told you that I would make it up to you".  We
saw them off as they gave us all of the normal last minute instructions.  With
their parents gone the kids filed down the basement that had been turned into a
large family room. 

The Thatcher's had made the room kid friendly, with beanbag chairs, a fluffy
couch and a large screen TV. Toys were scattered hap haphazardly about the
place, but the children ran around them as if they weren't even there.  With all
of this running about I was glad to see that they had wrapped the metal support
poles with thick blue leather padding.  This plus the wall-to-wall carpeting put
my mind at rest that Sharon and I would not end up in the Emergency room due to
some unfortunate accident. 

I clapped my hands together and called out, "OK guys what do you want to do
first?"  Donny cried out first, "Let's play soldiers" as he pulled the trigger
on his play gun.  "No, lets play cowboys and Indians', shouted Mathias as he
brandished a shinny six-shooter.  Marie, sporting a white cowboy hat joined in,
"Yeah, cowboys and Indians".

A wicked thought began to form in my mind as I looked over at the lovely lady
besides me.  "That's a great idea.  Why don't you three be the cowboys and
Auntie Sharon will be the Indian.  Look she's even dressed like Pocahontas", I
pointed out.

"Not exactly", said Mathias thoughtfully, "She should be wearing moccasins, not
sandals.  Mom has some upstairs in the hall closet, I'll go get them."  Even
before he was finished speaking he was already headed back upstairs. 
Personally, I thought that her thong style, low heel sandals looked Indian-like,
but I suppose children's movies always portrayed Indians in moccasins.  Kathleen
was digging into a toy bin and soon cried out triumphantly, "And she needs an
Indian hat".  She held up an Indian headdress, which sported many tall brightly
colored feathers.

Mathias returned with his treasure at the same time that Kate (not Kathleen, as
she had just informed me) brought over the headdress.  Sharon sat on the couch
and replaced her sandals with the proffered beaded footwear, while the little
blond put the feathers into her hair.  "OK, what do we do now", she asked.

Donny piped up.  "That's easy, we chase you around the basement and then when we
catch you we bring you back here to the fort (he pointed at the couch) where the
colonel (he nodded towards me) will tell us what to do with you."

"You're taking a lot for granted", she told the boy with a smile.  "You should
have said IF you catch me."  With that she leapt from the couch and took off
running.  For a good ten minutes she led the children a merry chase until Donny
took the initiative to get the group more organized.  Under his leadership they
soon had her cornered.  In a stroke of genius he sent in his little sister to
complete the capture.  Sharon breathing heavily from the wild race knew that she
could never hurt the little angel's feelings, so she slumped against the wall
and calmly accepted her fate.

The three of them each grabbed hold of a hand or arm and led her back to me. 
Sharon played the part to the hilt, walking with her eyes downcast like she
really was a captured squaw.  Donny snapped a salute and said, "What should we
do with the prisoner, sir?"

"What do you think that we should do with Pocahontas, Captain?" I asked my
serious little cohort.

Without a blink or a grin he answered in a military like voice.  "I think that
we should secure the prisoner, sir."

"Excellent idea, Captain", I smiled mischievously.  "And what should we use to
tie her up with Lieutenant?"  I asked his younger brother. 

He looked befuddled for a minute and then he cried out, "the rag bag!"  Off he
ran without another word being spoken.

"The rag bag?" I asked Donny.

"Actually, it's a pretty good idea, sir.  You see Mom rips up old bed sheets and
then puts them in a pillowcase so that the maid can use them for cleaning around
the house."

Mathias came back with the foretold pillowcase and dropped it by my feet.  I
reached in and pulled out a handful of bed sheet strips that looked like they
hadn't been used yet.  The strips were the lengths of the sheet, roughly six
feet long, and about four inches wide.  Perfect, just perfect, I thought to
myself.

"What are you going to do with me, you mean and terrible cowboys", Sharon asked
in mock indignation.

"After that outburst I think that we should gag you first", I responded quickly. 
Then kneeling next to Kate I asked her, "You think we should gag Pocahontas so
she can't make anymore noises... right?"  I wasn't sure if she totally
understood what I was saying, but with an innocently diabolical little smile she
cried out, "Right".

I took one of the strips, doubled it over and rolled it up.  Standing behind
Sharon I held the gag in front of her face, but she refused to open her mouth. 
"Now open up like a good captive or we will make you sorry you didn't!"  She
shook her head in the negative.  I was still thinking about how to handle this
situation, when all of a sudden she jerked forward and her mouth opened as she
gasped for breath.  Quickly, I took advantage of the situation and slid the
white material between her teeth.  As I tied it off tightly behind her neck, I
looked over at Donny who was smiling smugly.

"How did you do that?" I asked.

"Simple.  I tickled her.  It works on Mathias all the time.  Besides she had all
that bare skin showing so it just seemed like the right thing to do...sir!" 

"Excellent thinking Captain, I could not have done better myself."  The boy
basked in my praise.  Sharon on the other hand was now well gagged, even if it
was only a cleave gag like those that you would see in the movies, and she was
starting to get a feel for where this 'game' was going.

Brandishing another of the strips I told her, "Now hold out your hands in front
of you..." she didn't move at first, attempting to still play the reluctant
captive  "... or I will have my Captain tickle you again."  Slowly she raised
her arms, fists clenched.

Binding her with the white cloth strips was actually quicker than using rope, as
it wasn't necessary to make it look so neat.  Also, once I completed tying her
wrist together it appeared that they were held as securely as any rope or
leather cuff could have made them.  She pulled at the bonds, testing them, but
as I had suspected they flowed easily with her movements and refused to give her
any relief.

"OK, so what should we tie Pocahontas to so that she can't escape?" I asked the
children. 

Once again Mathias came through as he shouted, "To the post.  Standing against
the post.  That's where we always tie up the Indians."

"Great idea lieutenant", I told the boy, "except, I don't think that you've ever
captured an Indian this tall before.  So maybe we should tie her kneeling next
to the post."

His innocent little face screwed up in consternation as he looked over at
Sharon.  He looked down at her beaded moccasins and then followed her tanned
legs upward over her short skirt, stopping a second to peer at her belly button. 
Then his eyes continued their trek over her protruding breasts and at last
lighted on her pretty face, which was marred only by the taut gag in her mouth. 
By this time he was craning his neck to look up at her.

"Yeah, I think your right", he agreed.

"All right you naughty Indian, over to the post with you" I chided our lovely
captive.  The children all took total delight in leading her over to the post. 
The tiny little blond skipped happily along side her brothers until our
procession reached its destination. 

"OK, Pocahontas, I want you down on your knees", I ordered Sharon, "with your
back to the post and your legs straddling it."  Despite her bindings, she sank
gracefully to floor and then knee walked backward until she had completed my
instructions.  Moving behind the pole I pulled her ankles together and tied them
tightly.  The toes of her moccasins dug into the thick carpet as her feet arched
themselves to better support her body.

Using another of the strips I tightly tied it around the padded post about two
feet above her head.  She was looking up at me expectantly so I motioned to her
to raise her arms.  As they came over her head, I grasped her bound wrists and
secured them to this new binding.  I looked into those questioning green eyes
and smiled.  Without the children seeing I placed a little ball in the palm of
her hand.  Quietly, I told her "if things get to intense for you drop the ball
and I'll make sure that everything stops.  You know the routine, right honey?"

Sharon nodded head yes.  By now I knew she must have been wondering what I had
in mind.  What could I possibly do to her, in front of the kids that would be so
intense that she would need a safety net?  Those emerald green eyes continued to
look at me until I placed one the strips over them, effectively blindfolding
her.

"OK soldiers", I said loudly, "our prisoner is secure, so we can all relax. How
about everyone joining me on the couch and will watch some TV until it's time
for bed."

"Actually, Kate should go to bed now", Donny informed me pointing to the clock. 
He was right it was after eight. 

"But, I'm not tired yet", she proclaimed folding her arms in front of her and
pouting.

I knelt down in front of the pretty little one and said, "How about we make a
deal?"  She looked up at me as her frown started to disappear.  "I'll let you
stay up for one more show, but at 8:30pm it's bedtime and that's that."  I held
out my hand for her to shake and she smiled at me and put her tiny hand into my
big paw. 

"Deal", she cried happily.

We all moved over to the couch and sat down.  The Simpson's music was just
starting, but nothing much was happening yet.  "You know Captain, our captive
was really very naughty, running from you like that.  Do you think that we
should punish her a bit for being such a bad Indian?"

The TV mesmerized Kate, but both of the boys were looking at me gleefully. 
"What did you have in mind, Sir", Donny asked. 

I pointed over towards Sharon and their eyes followed my lead.  "You see those
feathers on her headdress... do you think that perhaps you could find some more
of them?" 

The younger of the two giggled and elbowed his brother. "Oh yeah, she's
ticklish... remember."

"I think I can come up with something", said the elder as he stood up and ran
over to one of the toy chests.  He returned quickly with an older battered
headdress, which had obviously seen better days.  I took it from him and with a
quick twist and pull, yanked out a green feather.  A red, blue and yellow one
swiftly followed.

Kate now had become aware that something was going on.  When she saw the
feathers she called out, "I want the yellow one".  I handed it to her, saying
"shush" to keep her quiet.  The show was at a commercial so I waved my arm in an
exaggerated follow me and then pressed my finger against my lips to emphasize
that we should all be silent.  Slowly, on tiptoe, we made our way over to the
waiting maiden.

I knelt in front of her and positioned a boy on each side and Kate to the rear. 
We weren't perfectly quiet of course and Sharon's head pivoted from side to side
trying to hear any tell tale noises. 

"Now", I cried out and four feathers lunged against her bare skin.

"Oooo... Oooo... Oooo...", she gasped through the gag.  Her body bent and
twisted as she tired to escape the ticklish assault, but the kids just giggled
and pressed on.  A green feather tickled her belly button, which she pulled in
so quickly that she slammed her back against the post.  A red feather tickled
her tender ribs causing her to twist violently away from it.  With my blue
feather I teased her inner thighs, just under her skirt.  Sharon simply went
crazy, twisting her body from side to side as her hips undulated inwards and
outwards from the post.  It was like watching a wild tiger trying to escape from
the hunters' snare as they poked at it with their sharp spears.  Every touch of
the feather had the same effect as if we were sticking her with a hot poker. 

Sharon twisted and pulled against her bonds, she screamed through her gag, but
all the while she held tight to that little ball.  Her knuckles were nearly
white, giving testament to her resolve.  But, as it sometimes comes to pass, the
most innocent can become the most dangerous. 

Kate, the cute curly haired little blond, was thoroughly frustrated that her
yellow feather wasn't having the same effect on our captive as the rest of us. 
She yelled to her brother and stamped her foot in complaint.  Without stopping
his own tickling he responded to her with a few words that I lost in Sharon's
moans.

In a few seconds Kate, smiling from ear to ear had pulled off Sharon's first
moccasin.  Sharon, now understanding what was happening tried to shift her feet
from side to side, but the thickness of the post limited her greatly.  It was
only a matter of time until the grinning child caught up with the final shoe and
removed it.  Grabbing the feather she flicked it against both of Sharon's soles.

"Oooohhhhh ggggdddddd", she cried through her gag.  Arching her entire body
forward and pulling on the bonds above her head for support, Sharon pulled up
her feet against the post almost to the small of her back.  If I hadn't seen it,
I would never have believed it.  I couldn't imagine anyone being that flexible
and strong to achieve such a move.

Bam.  The little ball hit me in the chest, bringing me back to reality. 

"OK, kids the commercial over", I shouted loudly, "the shows back on.  Everyone
back to the couch."  Almost magically they lost all interest in tickling their
captive, dropping their feathers where they stood, they ran off to see the silly
cartoon. 

Sharon let her feet fall back to the ground and sagged in her bonds.  Her
breathing came as quick gasps through her nose and a sheen of fine perspiration
shown on her arms and chest.

"How are you doing", I asked her quietly.

"Eeeww aann uunneerr ttannd ee ite", she said in between gasps.

"Yes, I can understand you just fine", I answered her honestly.

"uuurrr a ddvvviiosss assttrd", she told me.

I smiled.  Yes, I suppose I was a devious bastard.  Using children to torture
her while she was so helplessly bound.  Yes, I decided unrepentantly, I
definitely qualified. 

"You didn't expect to get off Scott free did you?"  She shook her head no.  "Do
you still love me?"  She nodded affirmatively as she continued to gasp for
breath.  "Do you want to quit?"  Surprisingly, she shook her head in the
negative.

"Uusst  nooo eeet!"  She shouted through the white cloth gag.

So at the next three sets of commercials, I let the little angels tickle her to
the point of tears, but told them that her feet were off limits.  I didn't join
back in as I had retrieved my camera from the car and decided to record the
event for posterity. 

After the show I sent the boys off to bed and went upstairs to read Kate a
bedtime story.

Coming back downstairs, I unbound my lover and took her into my arms.  She
complained that it was a really rotten thing to do.  Especially, knowing how
ticklish she was.  But, I soothed her by telling her what a good sport she had
been and then sweetened the compliment with a present.

"I'm sorry baby", I told her softly, "but maybe this will make it all worth. 
How about you go home, a little before the Thatcher's get back, and pick out
whatever you want to wear tonight.  Then you take a few minutes to relax and
decide how you want to spend the rest of the evening.  Tonight its ladies
choice!"

Sharon lit up like the sun poking through the clouds.  She gave me one of her
crushing hugs that reminded me just how strong she was and then began
alternating between kissing and thanking me.  I reveled in her affection and
reflected that that those old Beatle songs really had the right idea.  The best
things in life are free!




Leather & Lace, Co.
Chapter 16  - The Challenge
By the White Knight

Arriving at Sharon's apartment I rang the bell.  On the trip over I couldn't
help but wonder what lovely outfit that she would don for our evening of play. 
Expectantly I stared at the door, but it didn't open.  Trying the bell once more
and receiving the same result, I became concerned and decided to check the door
to see if it was locked. 

The door opened easily to my touch, which raised my level of worry even higher. 
What if something had happened to her!  I called her name as I burst into the
apartment, "Sharon, are you all right?"

Racing from room to room, I stopped dead in my tracks when I reached the bedroom
and couldn't help but laugh.  My lover lay bound upon her bed, complete with gag
and blindfold!  She hadn't simply done as I had requested, but brought the
experience up a notch!

Sharon had adorned herself in a lovely black and gold lace balconette bra and
garter belt, but had noticeably forgotten the matching panties.  In their place
she wore the pseudo-phalluses and straps of her multi-pack stimulator.  Her legs
were sheathed in black fishnet stockings and her feet arched to fit into her
black patent leather pumps, with the six inch gold spiked heels.

The nylon restraints spread her arms towards the appropriate bedpost, but she
had not completed her normal spread eagle position.  This time she had bound her
legs tightly together at both the ankles and knees with her new rope.

Resting on her flawless stomach lay a handwritten note.


Dearest Greg,

You are always trying to make our time together challenging for me, now I would
like to repay that favor.

Without removing the vibrator or butt plug, or touching them in anyway, I would
like you to make me cum tonight.  Please no touching of those areas either.  My
mouth, as always, is at your disposal to satisfy your own needs.

I hope that this request doesn't keep you UP too late!

All my love,
Sharon


Shaking my head I couldn't help but chuckle.  "Darling your are the absolutely
delicious.  You anticipate and meet my every desire and at the same time you
continue to be your own person.  You can't seem to get enough of bondage or sex
and you even go as far as to challenge me!  You, my dear, are incredible!  The
apex of what a woman and sub should be for her master!"  I told her and then
bent over her and kissed her on the forehead.

"I accept your challenge madam", I said with elan.  "But first I must go out to
my car to retrieve some of our toys.  After that I am sure that I can satisfy
even your desires." 

I whistled happily as I returned to my wonderful partner.  I started to remove
her bonds, which resulted in Sharon, pulling against them and yelling into her
gag.  "Not to worry princess, I've locked and bolted the front door." 

"Oooooo."  She cried.  "Ooooopppp." 

"No? Stop?" I asked mystified.

"Ooooo ooouucc uffs", She continued.

"No touch cuffs?"  I translated.  "Oh, you don't want me to change how you are
tied!"

"iiiiittteee"  She cried and shook her head in affirmation.   (Right!)

This made me laugh again.  "Princess, I read your note and no where in it does
it specify that I can't change how you're bound."  She starts to shake her head
from side to side in negation.  "Darling, you set boundaries in your own mind,
but you never put them in your challenge.  You thought that because I found you
bound with your legs tightly tied together that I had to except that as part of
the rules.  People are always doing that, putting limits where they don't
exist!"

I returned to unbinding her.  Sharon stopped struggling, but it didn't stop her
from shouting angrily, "eeaatteerr" through the thick rubber ball. 

All of this ball gag talk was beginning to get annoying.  I generally find the
sounds my lover makes through her gag exciting, but trying to have a
conversation through one is simply not worth the effort.  Reaching behind her
head, I unbuckled the gag and removed the ball from behind her widely spread
teeth.

"Now, now, now, I am not a cheater", I argued.  "In fact I intend to be quite
kind about your lapse in specificity."  I smiled as her beautiful features
relaxed into a contemplative mode.  "You said that I wasn't allowed to touch
your two nether areas, but I could easily spank your fine cheeks without doing
that.  And we both know from experience that a spanking, plus those dildo's
sticking in you, would definitely get you off, ...but that would be too easy."

"Now you be a good princess and do as your told.  Comprende?"  I asked her.
"Yes, Master", she answered softly.

"Hmmm", I hummed appreciatively.  "That sounds delicious coming from your lips
princess.  But I thought that you liked calling me 'my lord' and that you didn't
like being called  'slave'.  What's changed your mind?"

"Oh, I still don't like to be called slave", she answered quickly.  "I know and
love that I'm the bottom in our relationship, but slave sounds like I'm being
forced to do something.  The way that I see it I am your willing submissive, but
calling me 'sub' or 'submissive' doesn't sound very exciting, so if it would
please you master I would like for you to call me baby."

"Baby with a small "b", while I will always call you Master with a capital "M". 
Besides I love it when your being masterful and strong...  and I've seen how
your lower 'head' reacts when I call you master!  So why shouldn't I call you
what you desire?

"Why not indeed", I responded.

With her completely untied, although still blinded by the silk night mask, I
placed a collar about her long shapely neck.  Attaching a leash to it, I lead
her on a hands and knee walk upon the bed.  As we started a second circuit of
the bed and seeing her blindly looking towards me in a questioning manner, I
figured that an explanation was in order.  "The first time around was just so
good, I had to go for two.  I just love watching your sexy body move", I told
her.  Sharon tossed her head sending her long hair flying and then really spiced
it up by acting and like a tiger on the prowl.

I finally led her to the end of the bed and stopped her there.  "Now I want you
to kneel, with your back straight, not sitting on your haunches."  Sharon
complied, moving into a straight backed kneeling position with her legs spread
at the knees about eighteen inches apart.  "Good.  Now edge your way up a bit. 
Don't worry I'll stop you before you fall off the edge."  I held her hand as she
shimmied forward.

"What now, master", Sharon asked with a smile as she licked her tempting lips.

"Hold your wrists out in front of you so that I can put on some of our new
cuffs", I told her.  I reached for the cuffs, but never took my eyes off of her
lips.  She was playing with me.  Licking her lips and wagging her tongue and I
was enjoying every minute of it.  Raising her hands, she held them out like they
were holding on to a hose and then she mimicked pumping and squeezing it.

"I'm sure that you can find something useful for my hands to do, master", she
teased me.

"Oh, I am absolutely sure that I could", I told her with a chuckle.  "But, that
would simply be distracting me from your challenge now wouldn't it?"

"Pooh", she said petulantly as a frown formed upon her lovely face.

I wrapped the first cuff around her wrist.  "I think that your going to like
these", I told her.  "They're lined with soft fleece, which I am told make's for
a much more comfortable fit."

"Hmmm, yes they do feel very nice", she said as she used her free hand to push
and pull at the tightly buckled cuff.  "Hmmm comfy and there is hardly any give
at all."

"There is still some give, as I don't want to cut off your circulation", I said. 
"But, the fleece does allow me to buckle them tighter than other cuffs."  With
both wrists now cuffed she looked like she was wearing a set of thick leather
bracelets with chrome buckles and rings.

I placed another set of cuffs about her ankles and added a final set just above
her knees. 

Sharon felt each of the restraints and then smiled blindly towards me.  "Hmmm,
guess my little challenge has caused you to call in the BIG guns, eh master?

I laughed as I began threading nylon ropes into the various D-rings on her
cuffs.  "Actually, I have had to modify my plans for this evening"... I told her
as I tied each wrist to the opposite bedpost... "but, it was always my intention
to use these cuffs tonight.  Since Dad's company makes them, I've grown up
around leather restraints all of my life, so I really didn't want to wait any
longer to see you in them."  While I finished this explanation, I placed more
cuffs about her knees to bind each of her legs to their respective post and
added a binding between her legs to hold them about a foot and a half apart.  As
I began binding her ankles to the headboard posts I added, "And you do look very
sexy in your new leather jewelry."

Sharon wiggled her feet. "How about how great these heels look on me", she
asked.  "Black patent leather pumps with a six inch spiked heel, these have to
be your favorites!"

"Thanks for reminding me of something baby and yes, they do look absolutely
fabulous on you", I replied. Using another piece of cord I created a nylon
stir-up holding the lovely pump tightly against her highly arched soles.

As I worked a thought popped into my head.  "If you were dressing yourself,
simply to make yourself happy, what would you have been wearing when I arrived
tonight?"

"This", she replied without hesitation as she smiled around her blindfold.

"No, I mean..." I began, but she cut me off.

"I think I know exactly what you mean, master.  The fact is that that making you
happy makes me happy.  Your words, your actions and especially your eyes make me
feel sexy, sensual and just plainly put... special."  She cocked her head as if
listening for something.  "I can't see your eyes, but I get shivers when I think
of how they are devouring my nearly naked and helplessly bound body.  Hmmm", she
murmured happily, "I'll bet you're in need of a bit of relief just about now."

I chuckled as my member did another push up against the front of my pants.  "I
think that you've bewitched me you little vixen.  Either that or you can see
around that blindfold."  She laughed along with me, nodding her head knowingly. 

"And as you have been so naughty as to block up both of your other orifices, I
will take you up on your offer and use your mouth."

"Mmmm, yummy", she said licking her lips and smiling even wider.  "Master, use
me like you did last night.  That was a really wild ride for me and I know that
you loved it!"

I lowered my trousers, dropped my shorts and wasn't at all surprised when my
cock popped to attention.  She was obviously referring to when I had held her
head in both hands and literally "fucked" her face.  Thinking of this caused my
rod to spring upwards and got me so hard that it almost hurt. 

"It will be my pleasure" I said just a bit huskily.  "But I have just one little
accessory to add to the party first.  I cupped her firm breasts that were held
up proudly by her half-cup bra and began playing with her nipples.  In seconds
they responded to my touch forming those hard little bullets that I so love to
play with.

"Ow... ow... ow", she cried out startled, as I slowly released the pressure of
the clamp onto her right nipple.  Sharon gasped as I let go of the clamp
allowing the twin weights suspended by a silver chain to dangle freely. 

"Ouch... damn that hurts", she groaned as the second one bit into her tender
flesh.  She bit her lip for a few seconds and then smiled angelically as her
body adjusted to these new demands.

"Wow, those are really tight...but give me a minute and the pain will pass",
Sharon gasped as her breathing sped up.  I waited while she regained her
composure and then she asked me, "Do you like how they look on me master?"

"Very much", I replied easily.

"Then you will probably love this..." with that said she shook her breasts from
side to side causing the weights to swing and pull at the clamps latched onto
the end of her nipples.

"Ow, Ow, Ow, Ow, Ow..." she grimaced out as the smile was wiped off her face. 
She stopped her shaking and held her body as rigid as possible, the weights
continued to swing and slap at her rib cage and stomach, but they slowed down
quickly. 

"What are you doing... sticking me with pins...master?"  She asked plaintively.

Smiling I raised the sleep mask over her eyes, letting it rest on her forehead. 
Her eyes looked down below her chest.

She looked back up at me and smiled.  "Getting inventive again are we master?"

Below each of her breasts dangled two balls adorned with spikes.  They looked
very much like a smaller version of the balls used on the old-fashioned flail
weapons.  The spikes weren't sharp enough to actually penetrate her skin, but
I'm sure that it didn't feel that way to her.

"I used these little puppies in one of the last films that I made and I was
astounded at the impact that they had on the actress.  She had been in the game
for years and thought that she had seen everything, but these little babies
really woke her up!"

"I can imagine why", Sharon replied dryly.  Shimming her breasts a bit more
slowly and carefully, she set the weights in motion once more.  The clips held
doggedly to her distended nipples as the balls swung gently from side to side. 
Despite her care, every so often one of the spiked balls would graze her ribs or
bounce off her upper stomach. She raised her closed eyes to the ceiling as she
drank in the feelings.  Smiling now she licked her lips suggestively.

"Hmmm, this could get stimulating", she said in a soft husky voice.  "It's as if
someone is sending electrical pulses from my breasts straight to my sex and
unfortunately there is nothing there to further stimulate me except a lifeless
dildo."

"I suppose I could turn it on, but that would violate the terms of your
challenge", I taunted her.

"Tempting master, but your not going to get OFF that easily", Sharon replied
with that same sexy voice.  She continued her slow sensuous shimming as she once
again opened her eyes that twinkled at me.  She lowered her baby blues to look
at my hardened rod, which stood out straight and stiff.  "Obviously, you enjoy
having me completely at your mercy, so speaking of getting OFF..."

Laughing I accepted her offer by taking her head into both of my large hands and
pressing forward.  My pole spread her lips like a knife cutting through butter. 
Her questing tongue darted around my pole as I relentlessly pushed deeper and
deeper into her warm inviting mouth.  Sharon was soon rewarded for her efforts
as the head off my cock slid to a halt in the back of her throat and my bristly
pubic hair formed a mustache and beard upon her lovely face.

I held her there for a few seconds, which probably seemed like a few minutes to
her, but I wanted to look at the whole scene that I had created.  My beautiful
lover was leaning so far forward that the only thing keeping her from falling
flat on her face were the taut restraints and cuffs that held her wrists.  The
spiked balls banged lightly against my legs, but were defeated by the denim
material of my pants. 

I pushed her head backwards till her back was nearly straight, then pulled her
forward once again.  Soon I had my luscious cock sucker moving up and down my
rod at a pretty good clip.  All the while I looked down at the spectacle before
me.  I watched as her shinny full lips spread widely about my engorged member as
it pounded into her.  Below her mouth and my rod were her firm shapely breasts
with there attendant clips.  With each deep throat the spiked balls swung
forward to bounce harmlessly off my pants.  Upon each reverse motion, that left
only the tip off my member in her mouth to be tantalized by her tongue, I saw
her wince as the spikes slapped against her unprotected flesh.

Her technique was perfect, despite all of the distractions that I had prepared
for her.  Never once did she scrape me with her teeth, or miss the opportunity
to swirl her lively tongue about my grateful head.  My cock jumped like it had a
mind of its own and I could feel the drops of pre-cum seeping from my enflamed
member.  I knew my time was short.

Pulling back, I left only a few inches in her moist cavern, which gave me a
great view of  her blowing me and the exciting balls dangling below her
marvelous chest.  Sharon alternated sucking and teasing me with her talented
tongue, until I could take no more.  I exploded in great spurts into her mouth. 
She gulped noticeably at first, but soon she was swallowing it down as fast as I
could pump it out.

As my orgasm ebbed, I began moving her head up and down my rod once more.  The
lovely view excited me to new levels and my cum flowed on.  Sharon sucked it all
in until my river ran dry.  As I released her head she leaned forward and gave
me a sexy tongue bath, removing the last hints of the white jism from my member. 

Licking her lips like a satisfied feline who had just been fed she smiled up at
me.  "Salty", she commented as she ran her tongue about her lips.  "The last few
times you've had me blow you, you were so far into me that it just went straight
down my throat and I really didn't taste much of it.  This time I could taste
each and every drop as it slid down my tongue."

"Say, thank you", I said to her with a smile.

"For what master?" she asked.

"For your desert, of course, baby", I replied.

Sharon smiled brightly, "Thank you master, for my desert.  It was yummy!"

"Now it's your turn baby", I said as I finished buckling my pants and reached
down into the bag at my feet.  Sharon smile faded as I held up a large yellow
feather, directly from our encounter earlier this evening.

"No, Greg, please", she shakes her head as her eyes never leave the bright
yellow feather.  "No tickling... please..."

"Hush now", I told her softly.  "And you should always address me as master
during a session... not by my name."  I lightened the admonition with a smile,
but she never saw it as her eyes followed the feather.  I laid it on the bed
next to her leg.  She shivered in anticipation and edged her nylon-sheathed gam
as far away from the offending item as she could within the constraints of her
bonds. 

Sitting upon the bed, removed the stir-up straps and slid the six-inch heels. 
Her feet flexed prettily in their stockings, as she unconsciously stretched her
abused arches.  She continued to shake her pretty head as her eyes stared at the
brightly colored feather.

I rose from the bed and walked in front of her once again.  "Time for lights out
baby", I said as I lowered her blindfold back into place.

"Please, master" she pleaded.  "No more tickling.  I can't take anymore
tonight... please, master... please..."

I ignored her pleas and dug into my bag to pull forth a new latex gag.  She had
told me how comfortable the bean bag gag was that my father and Mr. Thatcher had
used on her so I had looked for my own version.  This one consisted of a soft
oval latex 'ball' complete with an attached heavy elastic strap.  Her lips
opened as I pressed the gag against them and in seconds those luscious lips were
spread widely about the black mouth filling gag.

Smiling I watched her body tense as tight as a bowstring as I once again sat on
the bed.  My terror tactics had worked even better than I could ever have
expected.  All I had to do now was pull that string and let the arrow fly... and
the tight little body of hers would burst!

I left the feather to lie unheeded upon the bed and slowly... gently...
agonizingly... ran my finger tips up her leg.  From the crook of her ankle,
around and about her knee and up her firm sexy thigh. 

"MMMMMmmmmmmmmm" she moaned.  Sliding between her legs, I doubled my efforts,
using both hands to trace little circles and waves upon her nylons as my fingers
gently played their way up towards higher ground.

My hands moved to the sides of her thighs.  My gentle caresses sliding deep into
her waist and around her taut stomach and back muscles.  Her body shivered once
again, but no longer in fear!  This time her shivers were pure lust! 

Questing fingers slid beneath her breasts and pressed lightly against the smooth
satin of her bra.  Slowly they lifted to touch soft naked flesh and eventually
found their way to the chrome clips locked upon her tender nipples.  Sharon
groaned as I gently played with the clamps and the tips of her distended
nipples.

Sliding my hands back down her body, only touching her with the light caresses
of my finger pads... I began to work my way back between her legs.  I gently
slid up and down the inside of her thighs, enjoying the sexy feel of her nylons,
their lace tops and her delicious tender skin.  Her body leaned back against
mine as her hips began to dance to my touch.

"Oh my", I said softly.  "This caressing is thought to be tickling by some
people... maybe I should stop?"

"OOOoooooo.   Eeeessseee  aaassstttrrr, Ooooo." Sharon begged through her gag as
her breathing became more and more rapid. 

I stopped my ministrations and admonished her, "First it's please, master,
please don't tickle me and now it's it Please master don't stop...."  Her hips
were still bucking in mid-air searching for my hands and using the dildo's stuck
into her to their greatest effect.  Oh, I do love it when a plan cums
together... and I very much love having her do most of the work for me to win
the bet!

 "Hmph... it's I good thing that I love you", I said as I once again began to
caress her body.  She was gyrating so wildly now within her bonds that keeping
my touches soft was no longer possible.   I kneaded the skin between her thighs
and watched the swing of the spiked balls on her clamps have their own sensuous
effect on my lover.  Before I knew it she was thrashing against the ropes and
cuffs as she came closer and closer to orgasm.  Reaching down I picked up the
feather and now gently ran it down her back... her whole body stiffened to the
touch and then as if on command she exploded!!!!

It was amazing to watch her body jerk fluidly to each wave of pleasure that
dashed through her.  To me it looked almost as if she were doing an erotic
dance.  Swaying her hips to the sides and thrusting them forwards, until she
once again stiffened as her body reached anther orgasm.  All the while she
moaned through the mouth filling gag in time with her bodies movements.

"Uuugggrrrrhhhh", she groaned as the last bits of her multiple orgasms finally
ebbed.  Sharon loosely held her body upright, but the rigid posture of before
was now a mellow thing of the past.  "OW.  OW" she moaned languidly as I removed
her nipple clamps.  I smiled to myself as I knew that she must be unusually
sated, as removing those clamps generally causes a much more dramatic response
then a mere 'OW'.

Once I removed her gag, she smiled brightly and said in a slow sensuous drawl,
"Thank you master."

With her bonds and blindfold removed I looked deeply into her twinkling eyes. 
"Now I want you to go wash up and then come back to bed.  Leave the stockings
on, but change into a baby doll and here take these..."  I said as I handed her
a hand made pair of satin slippers.  "Cassy, has these custom made and she
swears that they are the most comfortable slippers in the world.  You'll also
wear these tonight and of course any other night that I request it."

She rubbed the soft gold slippers against her cheek.  Her auburn locks had
fallen over one eye as she replied happily, "It will be my pleasure master".

I slapped her on her saucy butt and commanded, "Off with you then, I'm exhausted
and can use a good nights sleep... so do not keep me waiting."  With a little
sexy 'Ew' from my slap she jumped from the bed and set about her tasks.

While she did that I cleaned up all of our toys and put them neatly back into my
bag.  Her heels slid into one of the empty cubbies in her closet.  As I turned
from hanging up my pants and shirt, there was Sharon sliding silently under the
covers.

She wore a gold chemise with a black bow just under her breasts.  Together with
the black stockings and gold slippers the lady made an incredibly beautiful
site.

Sharon saw what I held in my hands as I sat down besides her.  I was going to
command her to raise her wrists, but before I could get the words out she was
holding them out in front of her.  She smiled sexily as she purred, "Whatever
master wants".

I chuckled and put the wrist cuffs on each wrist.  She opened her mouth eagerly
to accept her new gag and finally winked at me prior to my buckling a fleece
lined leather blindfold into place.  "Now lay on your side an put your hands
behind you back."

In seconds her wrist cuffs were linked together at the juncture of the small of
her back.  Turning out the lights I slid naked besides my love.  Her body was
bent in such a way that it was a perfect fit for me to spoon her.  She nestled
into my warm body and I settled down to sleep.

Exhaustion quickly began to steal over me... and then I felt something softly
rubbing my leg.  I didn't rouse out of my near sleep induced funk, but the feel
of her satin sheathed foot sliding up and down my leg had my 'lower head'
standing to attention all on his own!  As my member popped up, it slammed right
into Sharon's bound hands.  She grabbed me and took hold of my hardening member. 
Within seconds she was pumping me as her feet continued to play with my legs.

Part of my weary mind wondered where she learned to jerk someone off with her
hands bound behind her back... but my lower head cared little and merely went
with the flow.  The thought of her presenting herself to me in her sexy lingerie
and allowing herself to be bound helplessly... was like fire, fueling my desire. 
But it was the sight of those hands of hers working tirelessly behind her back,
with her wrists bound inescapably in the black leather cuffs, that sent me over
the top.

My cum shot out like a rocket!  The first burst made a lovely milky design in
her dark wavy tresses.  The next splattered like molten metal upon the smooth
skin of her tanned back.  The third covered the back of her gold chemise. 
Sharon moaned happily as she continued to pump me for every last drop.  The
thick goo slowly began to cascade down her hands as my eruption ebbed.

I groaned in pleasure as my lust turned to loving thoughts for the gorgeous
creature who lay besides me.  She who accedes happily to my every request... to
the point that I never felt the need to demand anything from her.  That
deliciously devious mind is such a perfect match to my own that she seems to
know what I want, sometimes even before I do!  What a wonder my little wench
is... the perfect sex partner... the perfect bondage partner... the perfect...

My train of though was interrupted as Sharon tried to talk through the latex
gag, but unlike the ball gags, it was tougher to understand what she was saying. 
So I unbuckled it and let it rest about her neck.

"Please master, unbind my hands", she asked hastily.  At this point I was
definitely in the mood to see things her way, so without question I did so.  In
a few seconds she had rolled to face me and began a feline type of licking upon
her cum covered hands.  She made quite a show of it, with those sparkling eyes
looking up at me as she sensuously sucked and licked her fingers clean.  Then
she put her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply.  Laying her head on my
chest she said softly, "Thank you master".

I knew that we would have to clean up soon, but I couldn't help but stare at her
angelic face.  She lay resting on my naked chest, her eyes closed and her lips
spread in a contented smile.  The fingers of one of her hands made small lazy
circles around and over my stomach muscles.

God, she's so beautiful... so happy that her efforts have pleased me... so
perfect.  My thoughts went back too earlier.  Sharon was my perfect sex partner,
my perfect bondage partner... my perfect mate!  The realization hit me like a
thunderbolt and my eyes popped open in wonder. 

Together we were like two peas in a pod.  Or put another way it was like we were
of one soul split in heaven into male and female parts.  The proverbial yin and
yang or as Tom Cruise put it in that silly movie "You complete me".  Silly or
not, it was the truth.

As my thoughts slowed, I smiled, as my path became clear.  The decision was
already made in my heart, now all I had to do was find the best way to make this
lovely lady mine.




Leather & Lace
Chapter 17 - Always Thinking
By the White Knight

(Note:  Back to Sharon's perspective)

The alarm went off in my apartment as it did every day, but as I shifted to turn
it off I realized that the time was reading 6:30am versus the normal 7:00am.

"Did you change the alarm, honey", I asked over my shoulder. 

In seconds I felt his warm hands moving through my hair, his body sliding neatly
against my own and his lips planting gentle kisses up the side of my neck. 
"Hmmm, yes baby", he answered between kissing and sensuously licking my throat. 
"I thought we might enjoy a more intimate workout before we move on to our
regular morning workout".

"That's one thing that I love about you", I responded as I turned my body into
his, "You're always thinking!"  As I leaned towards him, with my eyes closed and
lips pursed... SLAP.  His hand landed with a crack on my rear.  My eyes popped
open in surprise and a startled "OW" escaped my lips.

"Bathroom break first baby", he smiled at my reaction as he jumped out of bed. 
"You really don't want to taste my morning breath".  By the time I reached the
bathroom he was already brushing his teeth and I wasn't surprised to note that
his toilet kit was already neatly stowed in one of my many shelf cubbies.  As he
moved into the little side room that held the toilet, I went through my own
morning rituals.

As my eyes began to become adjusted to the glaring lights in the bathroom, I
smiled as I looked myself over.  Last night after our second round I had ended
up having to change my outfit.  So this morning found me wearing a bright
scarlet baby doll that barely covered my sex, which was probably a good thing in
that I wasn't wearing any panties.  This gown also had under wire support in the
cups that pushed my healthy chest upwards and together displaying a host of
cleavage. I played a bit with the red ribbon bow, tied just below the center of
my chest, knowing that its only purpose was to draw more attention to my sexily
contained mounds.  My legs were sheathed in shear nude stockings that shimmered
in the morning light and were topped by red lacy elastic tops.  On my feet were
the gold satin slippers that I had worn all night long.  Greg loved the feel of
them against his legs and sometimes when I stirred in the middle of the night, I
would roll up against him and give him a caress or two with the sexy slip-ons
before sliding back off to sleep.

Done with straightening my hair and brushing my teeth I headed back to bed with
a spring in my step.  My bed had a man in it!  Not just any man... but my new
found love, my lord and my Master! 

As I slid into the embrace of his arms I smiled, thinking that this was so much
better than waking up alone in the morning!  Our mouths joined and I sucked his
questing tongue deep into my mouth, reminding him what awaited him anytime that
he wished to use it.  Soon his kisses became more ardent and his left hand began
alternating between cupping my breast and tweaking my nipple.  The pinch to my
nipples was like waving a red flag in front of my sex, which his digits soon
realized as they migrated to my already moist lower lips.  Matching his passion
with my own, I lowered my hand slowly down his chest until it found its way to
his rod.  I was a bit surprised to feel how hard he was in such a short time,
but then again I guess that I shouldn't have been considering how wet he was
finding me!  We rubbed each other in tandem as our lips continued their dance. 
Shortly though Greg was ready and his gentle hands helped roll me onto my back
before he plunged into me.

Plunge is exactly what he did.  I had barely had time to raise my knees and
plant both of my feet against either side of his buttocks, before he had entered
and then pushed his entire manhood into me.  I gasped slightly as this still
thrilled me every time he did it. 

My previous boyfriend hadn't been quite so well endowed as Greg so when he dove
into me I really felt it!  It was such a wonderful feeling, to feel that
fullness down there that I almost came instantly.  Darn, I was getting
distracted again and I had almost forgotten!

"Master, can I please cum now?" I asked in a small pleading voice.  Greg had
told me that asking to cum was the proper thing to do for one such as myself.

"Yes, baby, you can cum as many times as you like", he breathed softly just
before his teeth bit down on my earlobe.

"Oh, God", I groaned happily as the pain of his bite unleashed the orgasm that
had been building in me.  The wave surged through my body, which bucked against
him driving him even deeper into me.  My whole body arched and Greg stopped at
the peak of his deepest penetration, until the wave passed and my hips lowered
themselves back onto the smooth sheets.  He resumed his pumping and my coos and
moans of excitement seamed to spur him on.  Even as the glow of contentment
seeped into my being, my excitement grew as he changed his thrusts.  Shallow and
quick they came rubbing my clit like a second set of hands.

"Oh, my God, oh my God, oh my God", I said startled as my second orgasm began to
build even before the first had ended.  Greg being such a quick study now began
to suck and nip at my neck.  "Oh GOD", I moaned loudly.  No one before, had
found this connection between me being nipped and my orgasms.  But he had
immediately linked the nipping of my lobe to my first orgasm and now he was
intent on pushing me to my next.

Greg growled into my ear like a tiger tearing into his latest feast as he
kissed, licked and nipped at my tender throat.  My hands pulled at his hips
driving him further into me.  With a chuckle he responded to my request and
began deeply impaling me once again.  My second orgasm burst over me like a
tempest.  Involuntary muscle contractions caused me to twitch and buck against
his body.  It took awhile longer for this one to ebb, as Greg gave me less time
to rest than last time.

As the warmth of the second spread throughout my happy frame, I had my first
thought of Greg's own needs.  Slowly, the thought seeped into my foggy brain
that he should have come by now.  He had been going a good ten minutes and
though I hadn't had all that many boyfriends, the ones that I had generally
never lasted this long.  Before I could finish my thinking he changed his
motions once again.

"Oh, God", I groaned in disbelief.  He was shifting his hips from right to left
by flexing his legs in unison with his hips.  It was as if someone had put a
mixer inside of my sex and it felt incredibly good.  The only time that I had
ever felt anything like this was when I had tried one of my girl friends
vibrators at college on a dare.  That one had a head that rotated within me just
like Greg's cock was doing.  But what that plastic creation could not do was
provide the human warmth.  That plus the fact that the bottom of his rod was
rubbing right up against my clit excited me to new heights.  BOOM.  His teeth
once again sank into my earlobe setting off another orgasm. 

Again my body bucked beneath his as it responded to this latest sexual
explosion.  After he paused in tune with my latest body stretching "O" Greg
switched from the mixer motion back to long slow plunges.  He was sliding in and
out of me much more easily now that I had greased his rod for the third time.  I
tried to offset this by gripping him even tighter with the muscles in my lower
mouth, but found that I was barely able to control them.  I had always prided
myself with the fact that I could grip a guy as tightly with my sex as I could
with my hand, but now that those muscles had been rocked for the third time they
weren't responding in their normal fashion.

This didn't seem to upset my lord and Master who continued to thrust in and out
of me.  It took him awhile, but sure enough he brought me back to the brink once
more.  As my heavy breathing announced my excitement he again began sucking,
licking my neck and nipping at my lobes.  Again it was like flicking a switch
and my fourth orgasm of the morning overtook me.

I bucked and thrust myself into him for all I was worth and slowly, slowly, my
excitement ran its course.  Greg's plunges slowed in tune with me, until finally
a giggle of happiness escaped my lips.   He lay on top of me for sometime, still
embedded within me, as both of our breathing returned to normal.  With a last
kiss to my ear, he whispered "grand slam" before he rolled off of me.

Rolling up onto his chest, I tiredly asked, "Thank you Master, but what about
you?  Why didn't you cum?"

"Cum, baby?" He said with a chuckle.  "Cum and deny you of your morning protein
drink.  Never happen!"

I smiled.  Of course I was supposed to wake him with a blow job every morning. 
I couldn't believe that I had forgotten.  Especially since it was a job I whole
heartedly loved as I was very orally oriented.  Despite my near exhaustion I
perked up immediately, "Oh, of course Master.  It's the least I can do for you!" 
With an enticing flick of my hair I added, "Perhaps, I could enhance the
experience for you, Master."  Greg cocked up one eyebrow questioningly.  "Maybe
you would like it if I put on my red satin opera gloves and my new red patent
leather six inch pumps."

Understanding dawned across his face.  "Oh, yes, baby, I would like that very
much."

It was as if my tiredness passed in a flash as I leapt from our bed and
retrieved my pumps and gloves.  I bounced happily into the bathroom to repair my
makeup and slide into my new accoutrements.  Working quickly, I soon was giving
myself a last once over in the mirror.  My ruby red lips and white teeth gleamed
back at me as I smiled at my reflection.  I was dressed and made up like a high
priced hooker... and I loved it!  I knew that it would turn Greg on and besides
I truly loved being what he liked to refer to as his 'beck and call girl'.

My heels clicked on the bathroom tiles as I returned to my lover.  My smile
turned into a frown of consternation as I found the bed empty.

"Greg?" I called uncertainly.

"Out here doll in the living room", he called.

I teetered in my huge heels across the thick carpet of the bedroom.  It was
necessary to keep my weight centered over my toes, but at the same time this
made it difficult to keep my ankles straight.  The pumps gave me a bit more
support due to the ankle strap, but the plush floor covering still caused me to
grasp pieces of furniture or nearby walls for support.

I sighed as I reached the more tightly woven carpet in the living room.  I posed
in the door way to hide the fact that I was actually regaining my balance as I
looked about the room for Greg.  There he was sitting in my large comfortable
winged chair.  It was one of the central pieces of the room.  Even when I
brought it I had always had in mind that it would be "His" chair.  Yet, old
what-his-name had never even given it a second glance.  My smile widened as I
looked at him sitting there regally as if he had been there all his life. 

I noticed that one of the large pillows from the couch was placed on the floor
in front of him, so I steadied myself and sashayed over to him.  As gracefully
as I could while trapped in my six inch heels I lowered myself to kneel before
him on the floor.  Placing my satin sheathed hands onto his knees I looked up
into his shinning eyes and asked, "Is this what you had in mind Master?" 

"Just about baby", he said with a grin.  "But, I thought that we would take it
up a notch."  With that he held up a blindfold and a number of pre-cut pieces of
rope.

"Hmmm", I purred.  "That's what I love about you Master... you are always
thinking!"

The soft leather blindfold went on first.  I shivered in an excitement in
anticipation as my feeling of helplessness grew.  He had me hold out my arms in
front of me and I soon felt his rope looping about my wrists.  Greg finished
with cinching the center of their coils between my palm to palm facing wrists. 
Moving behind me he lifted my legs to slide a coil of rope about them and in
moments my ankles were also linked inexorably together. 

I jerked a bit in surprise as I felt Greg lift the hem of my baby doll.  "I
suggest that you brace yourself on the chair with your hands baby", he said
without explaining further.  Searching in front of me blindly, I found the
chairs cushioned seat and grasped it.  I felt the soft rope slide about my waist
and grunted it bit as he pulled it taut.  The end of the rope seemed to be
centered just below my navel, which he held tight with one hand while he passed
the twin trailing ends between my legs.  His fingers expertly slipped those ends
under the tight rope at the center of my back. 

I gasped as he pulled upon the rope burying it against my sex and into the crack
of my ass.  So Master wanted me in a crotch rope I thought to myself.  As my
body assimilated these new and exciting feelings nothing could have prepared it
for his next assault.  With one strong hand he lifted my bound ankles off the
floor and raised them higher and higher until they nearly touched my thighs.  I
held on tightly to the chair, holding myself upright as I balanced my body on my
knees.  The rope loosened slightly as he slid it between my bound ankles... but
then it happened.

BAM!  He let go of my ankles and now the only thing supporting them in their
upright position was the rope.  "Oh my God", I groaned as the soft nylon turned
into taut cables that seemed to be intent on splitting me in two!  I've always
prided myself on my high pain tolerance but this was entirely new and it took me
a while to ride the pain down until it became merely extremely uncomfortable.

"Ah, there we are", Greg intoned as he finished binding my ankles to my crotch
rope.  "You're ankles have pulled a bit further away from your legs than I would
have liked, but other wise it is quite an acceptable job."

"I'm glad that you are pleased Master", I said as pleasantly as I could manage. 
I felt him step over me and seat himself in front of me leaving me in no doubt
as to what was required of me.  As he settled himself into a comfortable
position my mind ran through the gymnastics that would be involved.  I had just
about gotten it worked out when Greg exclaimed, "Damn".

"What's wrong Master?" I asked.

"It's your heels.  They are hidden behind your back and I can't get a good look
at them", he responded instantly.  Realizing that I didn't know what he was
talking about he continued, "When I was a producer this would be one of my
favorite shots.  But I could always see all of the action from behind the
camera, now that I'm in the center of the shot, I can't see one of my favorite
parts.  Your feet bound into those amazing spike heel pumps!"

I thought quickly and then asked, "Would a mirror help, Master?"

"A mirror?" he repeated.

"Yes, I've that oval full length mirror in my bedroom.  I'm sure that you could
tilt it to whatever position strikes your fancy Master", I continued
confidently.

A gust of wind brushed my hair as I felt him literally leap over me.  "What a
wonderful idea baby... and you say that you love me because I'm always thinking! 
I must say that you are holding up your end of the brain trust quite well!" 

I preened at his compliment, but was even happier to realize that it was true we
truly did make a perfectly matched team.  The creaking of the mirror titling and
the sounds of something being shifted on the carpet greeted my ears.  Then in
seeming seconds he was pushing my body from the shoulders away from the chair so
he could once again sit.

"Oh, ummmm", I moaned softly.  His moving me about like that had caused my legs
to shift and with them the twin rope running through my pussy lips.  Every woman
loves their clit to be rubbed and personally I like mine rubbed hard.  This was
simply an incredible feeling.  I can't even call it rubbing it was more like a
narrowly focused heavy pressure, but no matter what you call it the effect was
one of sending shivers down my spine and deep into my sex.

"Perfect, baby", he said as he settled himself.  "Now I can see both your
gorgeous face as you blow me and your tightly bound legs and heels all at the
same time!  Please proceed."

"Certainly, Master, as soon as I find you", I replied with a smile.  I let my
forearms rest on the cushion as I used my bound hands to search for his member. 
I soon found him and was not surprised to see that he was still as hard as a
rock.  While my red satin sheathed fingers played with his pole, I began to
slowly sensuously lick and suck on his tender ball sacks.  I heard him groan in
contentment and felt him jump in my hands as I sucked one of his balls all the
way into my mouth.  I gave him a few good minutes of this treatment which found
him squirming and groaning to the delicious pressure that I was exerting on his
balls.

I left his succulent sacks to search for a more rewarding portion of his
manhood.  Slowly I licked my way up his pole.  Partly bringing it to me with my
hands and partly leaning forward even further as I slid further up his member. 
From the micro jerks that his hardened rod was making on its own I could easily
sense his excitement.  The thought that his excitement stemmed from having me
bound helpless to his will before him made me smile as I performed for my loving
Master.  The pre-cum drops that I tasted as I pursed my lips to 'kiss' his head
assured me that my efforts were more than merely pleasing.

"My, my, my", Greg moaned softly.  "What an absolutely beautiful picture. 
Everything is so perfect, even the way that the elastic strap of your blindfold
pulls your long locks tightly against your head is wonderful.  I look down upon
your beautiful face and can watch as that lovely pink tongue of yours swirls
around the capped head of my organ.  Just a little lower I can feast my eyes on
your tightly bound wrists.  Mmmm, the coils of white rope look so inviting upon
your red satin gloves.  Oh, yes, and those lovely full breasts!  They're
standing so tall and tight that they just make me want to bend down and bury my
head in them.  Of course the best part of all is the knowledge that your crotch
rope is digging deep into your sex.  With your bound ankles swaying back and
forth as your body moves while you blow me pulling those cords tighter and
tighter.  In fact the rope is so taut coming from the small of your back that it
is actually lifting up the hem of you baby doll.  It is simply amazing."

"Point your toes baby", Greg said in his command voice.  "No slacking off just
because you are somewhat distracted."  I complied briskly.  I willed my muscles
to point my toes towards the back of my head in order to truly please my ever
demanding lover.  "Lovely, just, lovely" he moaned happily.  The mirror lets me
see the wonderful arch of your feet set into the tight confines of those cherry
red pumps topped off with the lovely white nylon coils binding your ankles
together."  His body stiffened and he moaned "Oh my Lord... wow!" 

I had maneuvered myself into just the right position and in one lunging motion I
let the weight of my own body force his enflamed rod through my mouth and deep
into my throat.  Sucking like an out of control vacuum cleaner I lifted my head
up off of his member.  Do to my Master's intricate bondage I was forced to
literally push my entire body away from the chair, so as to accomplish my task. 
I snorted down a laugh as I thought what an interesting work out video this
would make.

"Ladies, looking to tone those flabby upper arms and work out your loose upper
abs, then try our new bound blow job work out.  Guaranteed to get those muscles
in shape and please your significant other all at the same time!"  I could just
hear the announcer's voice in my mind and picture all those males all over the
world with their eyes glued to the screen and their fingers pushing the buttons
on their phones.

Laughing and blow jobs simply don't mix and I had to force my thoughts back to
exciting my lover.  Of course this wasn't as easy as it sounded.  Sliding up and
down his rod may definitely have made for an interesting work out, but the
rubbing of the crotch rope was driving me to distraction.  The forward and back
motions caused the ever tight rope, to slightly loosen and then tighten
incredibly.  Especially as I strove to hold my feet in their arched position in
order to please my Master visually.  I would never have believed it possible but
I knew without a doubt that my body was working up towards its own orgasm.

I groaned upon his member sending my own bodies vibrations down into him.  I
slid down his cock until my mask rested against his tight stomach muscles and my
chin was tickled by his bristly pubic hairs.  Then I pushed myself back upwards,
sucking and licking for all that I was worth.  All the while my groans of
contentment increased in both volume and timber bathing his hard meat with my
own excited sound waves.

"Oh my Lord... Oh my Lord..." He groaned in unison with me, although my
imprecations were muffled for obvious reasons.  His member jerked once, then
twice within the warm confines of my mouth like the warning rumbling of a
volcano.  I pulled back so I only had a few inches in my mouth as I used my
hands as much as possible to continue those deep throat feelings.  In only a few
more seconds I was reward with his first huge spurt of cum.  I continued to suck
and pull at his cock with my satin sheathed fingers as he continued to pour more
and more of his fluids into my mouth. 

I savored the taste of him as his warm cum slid over my tongue and down my
throat.  Oh, how I loved that.  Not just the taste, but the fact that I knew
that drinking his cum down was a huge turn on for Greg.  I could just imagine
his body relaxing in contentment as he felt all of his semen sucked from his
pulsating manhood and swallowed down into my waiting stomach.  I finished off
his last few drops and then quickly popped his cock from my mouth.

"Master, please help me cum", I said breathlessly.

"Huh... what?" he asked in a dazed voice.

"Please, Master, this crotch rope has brought me to the brink of an orgasm, but
I need just a bit more help", I explained as I continued to rock my legs back
and forth, keeping my orgasm just on the edge. 

"With pleasure baby", he said gently as his lips met my own in a tongue twisting
kiss. We dove at each other like wild animals.  I used all of that suction power
of mine to suck his tongue deep into my mouth, pulling him closer and closer to
me in the only way that my bound form would let me.  One of his hands pried one
of my heaving mounds out of its satin confinement.  Soon my nipple was standing
tall as his thumb and forefinger rolled and played with it.  His other hand dove
between my legs, but the exceedingly tight rope frustrated his efforts.  Not
giving up he contented himself with caressing my inner things and tracing the
taut moist rope with his eager digits.

"Oh, God..." I moaned in shock as my eyes popped open behind my blindfold.  Greg
had pinched down of my nipple cruelly and the delayed shock waves were flowing
right into my sex.  "Yes", I cried as my body bucked to the incredible orgasm
that followed.  Every unconscious move I made caused some type of pain mixed
with the unbelievable pleasure of my climax.  As I pushed away from the chair my
nipple was tormented by my lover's unrelenting fingers.   My legs strove wildly
to free themselves form their bonds causing the crotch rope to be pulled taut
like a steel cable, making me feel like I was being split in two!

Finally my gyrations calmed and my body softened into the glow of contentment. 
I was too tired to worry about my bonds and simply lay limply against Greg's
thighs.  He chuckled at my exhaustion and leaned over me to free my ankles. 
Letting the rope slide slowly through my ankle bindings he lowered my feet back
to the floor.  I knew that if he had simply let the rope loose my feet would
have crashed to the floor as I simply had nothing left to give.  He raised the
blindfold off of my eyes and I looked up lazily and returned his smile. 
Exhausted, I continued to lay bound against his inviting body as I closed my
eyes to rest.  For some that may have been a turn off, but for me the smile
remained upon my face as I thought of how warm and comfortable it felt to be
bound at my lover's feet.


After my rest Greg gently helped me up and got us both moving again.  Thank God,
it was finally the weekend!  I really needed the two days as I had twin warring
factions going on within me. The first was the thought that there was so much
that I wanted to experience with my lover and learn about my new station in life
and it seemed to me that I just couldn't start soon enough.  But the second was
one of slowing down and smelling the roses.  Since joining L&L my life had been
a total whirlwind and I felt that I was being taken by those winds wherever they
led.  It had been a wild ride, but a very rewarding one and now I just wanted to
take some time out to enjoy it.

After stepping out of the shower and changing into a pair of jeans and sneakers,
I felt ready for anything.  I found Greg working in the second bed room cleaning
off old what-his-names desk and setting up his computer.  I could see that it
was a Dell and he quickly rambled off some statistics that came across to me as
meaning it was a high end model.  What I liked about it was the sleek black
color and the huge 20" Trinitron screen.

"I hope you don't mind baby", Greg said with a smile, "but I thought I would
start straightening up this room and move in some of my things."

My first thought was how perfect he looked sitting in that leather chair in
front of the oak desk.  I had brought them both as a present for my previous
boyfriend, who was so thankful that he let me put the desk kit together by
myself!  He hardly ever used the room as he preferred to sit or lay on the couch
and watch one sports program after another.  Greg just looked like he had been
made for that plush tanned leather chair. 

It was like everything else about our relationship, it was simply comfortable. 
He just seemed to fit into my life and home like the proverbial yang to my yin. 
Even down to the clothes he was wearing.  501 blue jeans, a Harley Davidson
T-shirt and deck shoes, his version of relaxed wear, was a total match for my
own outfit. 

"Not at all", I told him.  I waved my hand around at the disorder state of the
room as I said, "This room became a kind of storage room over the last few
months.  I'd always meant to clean it up, but there always seemed something more
important to do.  Actually I'm glad that you've found a use for it."

"Use for it... Sharon this room is great!  The two big windows give it plenty of
light, the overhead fan is perfect for keeping me and the computer cool and to
top it all off there is plenty of room for a work out bench."  Greg was smiling
from ear to ear.  He had found a place in our home that he could call his own
and his happiness glowed like a full golden sun on a beautiful spring day. 
"Besides, I might even be able to find some closet space in this big double
closet here.  I've been in your closet baby and I don't think a mouse could find
room to hang his clothes more less me finding room for mine!"

I'm sure my cheeks grew pink, but his good humor took away and negativity to his
words.  "I guess I am a bit of a clothes horse", I said sheepishly.

He stood up and wrapped me in his arms, "And I wouldn't want you any other way".

I felt his warmth and love flow into me and I smiled with closed eyes as I
rested against his chest.  He was just so perfect and I felt so comfortable...
all I could think of was to give a silent vote of thanks to God for bringing us
together.

"Can I help you out here", I asked looking up at his face.

"Not at the moment baby, I'm just working on getting the computer set up." 

"Then how about I make us some breakfast", I asked.  "How does eggs benedict
sound?"

"Sounds great!"  He responded with alacrity.  "I didn't realize that you were so
into cooking."

"Blue ribbon in two state fairs and A's in my home economics classes", I told
him proudly.  I went to the kitchen and pulled out the necessary implements and
ingredients.  Now eggs benedict is really very easy to make, but its one of
those things that people don't normally make at home so it impresses the heck
out of company.  I had learned this trick years ago that you can make people a
great meal and make them feel really special, without putting a lot of time into
it.  Of course having basic cooking skills helps, but after that it's merely
being interested in trying new recipes or playing with the ones that you have
already mastered.

"Breakfast is on, hon", I called as I served.

That was another difference between Greg and my ex.  I only had to call him once
and there he was striding through door shaking the excess water off his recently
washed hands.  (Note to self... put more hand towels in the bath room.)  I loved
watching his eyes widen as he spied the neatly set table, complete with matching
place mats and napkins.  His plate was set with two eggs and mine with one, both
with steaming cups of coffee placed slightly to the right of center of the front
of the plate and a glass of orange juice slightly to the right of the coffee. 
The creamer and sugar bowl were set within easy reach.

"My goodness this looks wonderful", he said in delight.  "You're simply amazing
baby!"  I smiled knowing that this was one area where I would always feel that I
was tops.  Having him compliment me for it just made it all the better.  We sat
down and spread our napkins and I picked up my fork.

"Just a second baby", Greg said seriously.  "It really amazes me how perfectly
we fit together and every day I just feel like thanking the Big Guy for it, so
if you don't mind I'd like to start the meal with a small prayer."

"I think that's a wonderful idea", I answered as I was definitely feeling the
same way.

Greg looked up towards the chandelier above the table and started, "God, first
off thank you for bring me and my lovely partner together.  It is truly amazing
how you waited to introduce us to each other until we were both at just at the
right points in our lives to really appreciate the other.  Now that you have
brought us together we are enjoying the fruits of your work... again and again
and again..."  I gave him a look, part smile part stern, but he just smiled back
and went on.  "Again, thank you Lord for bringing us together and thank you for
the great food."

"Greg, if you're going to make prayers that long every time we eat I'm going to
have to pre-heat the plates to keep the meal warm!"  I said in mock
exasperation.  "Besides you don't even know if it tastes good yet."

He stuck his tongue out at me and then put a fork full of food into his mouth. 
Smiling he said, 'Unlike some people I never had any doubt... these eggs are
absolutely delicious!"  He put on a haughty face and then spoke like a rich
connoisseur.  "The sauce is tremendous just the right amount of spiciness
combined with a texture that is rich but not overwhelming."

I smiled with pleasure as he dropped his facade and dug into his eggs with
gusto.  We were both pretty hungry after our morning's activities, so we ate
quickly with just a bit of light conversation.  As we sat back to relax, Greg
told me that it was time for another shopping trip.

"Greg, what else could we possibly buy?"  I exclaimed.   "I've got more lingerie
than I could ever have imagined.  Then there are all these new heels that
arrived on my doorstep yesterday, bearing your name with my address.  And after
our trip to your father's company I'm quite sure that your bag of tricks is also
quite full.  So what else do we need to shop for?"

"First hardware honey" he answered me.

"Hardware?" I asked puzzled.

"Yes, baby, hardware.  We need a few good eye bolts, a drill set and a stud
finder" he informed me.

"Eye bolts?" I asked, again dumbfounded.

"Yes, for the hanging plants that we will buy" Greg added with a grin.

"Alright, I give up.  What the heck are you talking about?"  I finally asked in
exasperation.

He gave me his signature chuckle with that Indiana Jones smirky grin and then
explained.  "I'm going to put heavy eye-bolts strategically about the apartment
in places were I may at times need to attach some ropes, pulleys or cables.  For
example over the bed would be a perfect place for a few."  He added a knowing
wink to this last statement.  "To disguise the eye bolts we will buy some
hanging plants.  Besides, I see that you like plants and this will just go with
your decor.  Does that work for you?"

"Whatever Master wants", I told him with a laugh, "But, didn't you say first? 
So what's on the list for our second shopping trip?"

"Ah, that's simple", he answered again with a grin.  "We're going to need a
really high quality digital camera."

"Hmmm, and just why pray tell are we going to need such a good digital camera?" 
I asked knowing full well where he was going, but I knew he just loved to drag
out telling me these things.  He knew that I would agree to nearly anything he
wanted, but it was as if he just loved adding a tinge of suspense to our games.

"Dear lady", he began earnestly.  "Now that I have such a willing and beautiful
subject to be my bondage model I'm going to need a very good camera to record
our sessions.  The camera I used at the lingerie shop uses film and while I
don't mind having someone develop pictures of you sexily clothed, I don't have
any intention of sharing pictures of you in, shall we say, more compromising
situations?"

I laughed out loud at his soft soap approach.  "I think that's a wonderful idea
Master.  I'd love to be your muse, but only on an entirely exclusive basis. 
Hence, taking pictures straight from the camera unto the computer would make me
a very happy lady."

It was a good day for this sort of shopping trip as the weather was being
contrary.  Low clouds and a fine drizzle, however, didn't effect our happy
disposition as we went in search of our desired items.  At the Hardware store
Greg was asking the elderly gentlemen that looked like he had been born and
raised in this very store where he could find some of the goods when I
interrupted him.  "Actually, we don't need a stud finder, I already have one."

The older man looked me and Greg over and then his eyes glinted in amusement. 
"Of course you do, my dear", he said easily.  "You found him didn't you?"  I
couldn't help but laugh and Greg joined in.

I looked at Greg sheepishly, "You know for hanging heavy pictures."  He bent
over and kissed me on the forehead, before he turned to follow the salesmen
towards the appropriate bins.  Greg was nothing if not decisive.  In a very
short while he had purchased a Nikita rechargeable drill, a comprehensive set of
bits and eye bolts that looked like they could hold up a small elephant.  To
this he added three rolls of 100 ft nylon rope and a roll of duct tape.

The old gentleman tossed a plastic wrapped set of six different colored
electrical tapes onto the counter next to Greg's other selections.  Greg looked
at him quizzically, "What are they for?"

"When you cut the rope to different lengths, it's easier to find the ones that
you are looking for if you use different color tape to wrap the ends", he
answered looking directly into his eyes.

I felt myself blush as Greg began to chuckle.  "No need to blush, young miss. 
Me and the missus..." He nodded towards a lovely older lady at the next counter
"...Have been enjoying those types of activities since before you were born. 
Needles to say, we are still happily married."  I didn't know what to say and
still felt my cheeks burning red.  "Oh and I saw how you looked at those eye
bolts.  Your young man is entirely correct to get the heavy duty ones.  No, you
aren't very heavy, but I can see that you are a pretty strongly built young
woman, so you'll see why for yourself when you start to really pull at those
bolts!"  He said with a knowing smile. "Yes, I think that you'll be very happy
with your purchases."

I raised my eyes to find his wife standing next to him.  "Don't you let this old
hooligan upset you honey" she told me as she took my arm and led me away from
the two men.  "They're just men and you can't expect all that much from them in
the way of subtlety."  She looked back over her shoulder to see if the men were
occupied.  Satisfied she turned back towards me.  "Obviously you're new to all
this, right honey?"  I nodded yes, as I was still a little take aback by the
whole incident.  "Do you love him?"

"Oh, yes.  Yes, I do", I said earnestly.  Then I thought about what I was saying
and how I must look to the older women and I couldn't help, but laugh to myself. 
"I guess that sounded a bit like Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz".  I blushed a
bit again, but her laugh made me feel relaxed.

"Yes, you most certainly did honey", she said with a smile, "but it doesn't look
like you are trying to find a way to tap your ruby slippers together to go
home... hmmm?"

"No, mam", I told her.  "I like where I am just fine.  Besides..."  I dropped my
voice even lower "...clicking your heels when there six inches in the air isn't
all that easy!"  The two of us laughed easily together.

"I am happy for you honey.  All that matters is that you love each other.  As
long as you have that it really doesn't matter who's calling the shots." She
told me seriously.  "Of course, as you'll soon learn, despite yours status as a
"bottom" that you can still have plenty of control of your life.  That is what
makes a truly happy long term relationship... team work!"  She looked over at
the men who were shaking hands as they completed their business.  "You better
scoot hun, your lord and master is ready to leave!"

I smiled gamely at her as I walked over to Greg who took my hand as we left the
store.  Her words continued to resound in my head... you can still have plenty
of control of your life.  My God was that ever true.  I had never felt so out of
control of my life as I had when I was with my ex, what-his-name.  I was living
a life that my parents wanted me to have, but it certainly bore no resemblance
to the life that I wanted.  Mind you I didn't truly know what I wanted at the
time, but now all was different.  My tenure at L&L had been a total whirlwind
and meeting up with this wonderful man that I could only think of as the love of
my life... and my Master... would probably seem to many that I was totally out
of control.  But quite the contrary, I had never felt as in control of my
destiny and as alive as I felt right at this moment.  A smile beamed out from my
soul and spread to my face.

Greg noticed and asked, 'A penny for your thoughts beautiful?'

I laughed and squeezed his hand.  'I was just thinking how wonderfully happy I
am', I told him as his arm wrapped around my shoulders.  'Of course you can save
your penny though as all of me, including my thoughts are free to you Master.'

The second stop on our little outing was less time consuming.  Greg knew exactly
what he wanted from research he had done on the internet.  Three mexapixels with
an eight times optical zoom lens and a three times digital zoom he told me as if
I knew what the heck he was talking about.  In a mere few minutes he seemed to
have bought every accessory possible including a bigger storage card that he
assured me would be good for a hundred pictures or more before it needed to be
downloaded.  As I watched him sign the $800 dollar credit slip I had too
question the value versus the cost, so on the car ride home I asked him.

"It's very simple baby", he responded with a grin.  "No film, no developing so
no one else knows our business."  I understood that part.  I had felt really
uncomfortable picking up the pictures from our last few encounters even though
the firm was very discreet and used to dealing with L&L.  This new digital
alternative would totally eliminate that problem.  "Besides baby, I intend to
take lots and lots of pictures of you.  I've always wanted to be a bondage
photographer where I could take my time with my sub-ject and really enjoy
myself.  Digital will let me do that at almost no cost and at the same times
allow me to crop and edit the pictures to my hearts content!"  Now that made
sense, in the dollars and cents way that my mind worked.

"Hmmm, Master I will love being the sub-ject of your bondage pictures", I told
him in my best coquettish voice.  "Just tie me up tight and please blindfold me
and I promise I will be whatever you want me to be."  I knew as the words
slipped from my lips that they were true.  It was as if my life was a blank
canvas just waiting for my love to paint the path that he wanted me to take.  As
long as he was by my side, or perhaps slightly behind and to the left while he
wielded a crop, I would be happy to walk that path.


That afternoon I found out exactly what it meant to be a bondage model.  After
returning from our shopping trip and having a light lunch Greg told me that he
would like to have a bondage session this afternoon.  "Whatever Master wishes",
I replied with a smile.  "And just what would Master like me to wear for this
session?"  Greg rattled off his request like he had been thinking about it for
hours and not just making it up as he went.  I was still getting used to how
much he liked garter belts and garters.  Even with the baby doll night gown that
he wanted me to wear he still wanted me to wear stockings with garters versus
the elastic topped stay up type.  It mattered little to me and besides as he was
known to joke 'it's good to be the king!'

I came out of the bedroom twenty minutes later and was totally surprised to find
a wooden chair perched upon my coffee table that had been moved into the center
of the room.  He saw my concerned stare and smiled, "Not to worry baby.  There
are a set of your hardcover books underneath the chair legs to make sure that
they don't dent the surface.  The white sheet I've placed over them should give
us some nice contrast for the pictures."

"Sounds perfect Master", I said as I accepted the hand that he held out to me. 
"And I suppose that you wish me to sit on the chair for the session?"  Stating
the obvious was always one of my weak traits.  He only smiled, as he helped me
up onto the platform where I turned carefully to seat myself.  Only the front
pads of my slipper clad feet rested on the sheet after I sat down.  It seemed
that he had used a number of books to raise the height of the chair to achieve
this interesting effect.  "I was wondering why you let me wear my leather
slippers instead of one of your favored sets of heels, but seeing as how I had
to climb onto the table it now all makes sense."

"Yes, baby that is exactly why you are now wearing your slippers", he told me as
one of his hands caressed my thigh.  His finger tips traced the length of the
suspender and then swirled around the top of the captured stocking.  "However by
the end of this session you will have worn numerous pairs of your new heels and
perhaps even a pair or two of your slippers.  You see once I've tied you up
appropriately the focus of many of the pictures that I take today will be of
your sexily shod feet.  I do so love the sight of a beautiful woman tied up and
bound into a pair of heels... or slippers for that matter." 

He smiled at my contemplative look and continued.  "One of the things that my
father passed down to me is a love of women in heels and slippers.  Even as a
child I remember Mom wearing spiked heel pumps around the house or when they
were relaxing in bed soft satin slippers.  Of course Cassy simply feeds his lust
like it was a sweet tooth, wearing anything the company makes and even buying
things she thinks he would like herself!   I'm sure you can imagine the effect
that seeing a lovely young woman day in and day out could have on an even
younger and very impressionable youth!"

"Oh my lord, I hadn't thought of that!"  I answered in total seriousness.  "My
God you must have had such a load of fantasies about her... it must have been
incredibly tough to have her so close..."

"Yes" he replied slowly.  "Every young boys fantasy and then some so close and
yet totally untouchable.  It's probably one of the reasons why I hated her so
much in the beginning.  My hormones were raging as I reached my teen years and
having this beautiful woman walking about our home in heels and skirts or in
short robes and slippers..."

"I think I'm starting to get jealous", I pouted.

"Sorry doll", he said as he gave me a gentle kiss.  "Memory lane kicked in, but
that is just to tell you why I have such a fetish for slippers and heels."  I
wasn't at all worried about that as that particular 'fetish' worked in perfectly
with my own likes, but his feelings for his step-mom still caused me to wonder. 
"I can read the look on your face... and I can tell you in all honesty that
despite my many fantasies about Dad's wife neither of us ever considered acting
on them.  In fact it was that partnership that we formed to beat Dad at his own
bondage games that really made us a family.  As you can imagine I had every
opportunity to take advantage of the situation, her being bound and me being her
rescuer, but soon what I felt for her turned from lust to... respect."

He saw my confused look and added, "Let me try to explain it this way.  Cassy
knew that it made Dad feel good that he was tying her up before he left for work
each morning.  You see in his own way he was making sure that Cassy wouldn't
leave him like Mom had... when she died."  He paused for a minute to collect his
thoughts and then continued on.  "And until I came into the scene and started
untying her before I left for school she had been giving up all those days of
freedom to make Dad happy.  Then when Dad started to realize that I was untying
Cassy in the morning and retying her before he came home at night, instead of
letting him get mad about it she made it into a big competition.  I know it's
not your average family game but this competition between my father and I was
what kept Dad's mind off of losing Mom.  On top of that it brought us all
together as a family."  He smiled at me and touched my face with the tips of his
fingers.  "So you see baby, there is no reason to be jealous and besides... I've
found you and that's all I've ever wanted."

I felt a shiver through my spine as his words touched me to my core.  Every time
that I thought that I couldn't love him any more than I already did he would
come up with something else that would take our love to an even higher level.  I
could feel my loins warming from his words and smiled as I thought to myself
that this was almost as good as having sex!

"OK, now back to the matter at hand", Greg told me as he got back to business. 
"Spread your legs baby."  An unusual command for my current position, yet I
complied as a good bottom should.  He held up what looked like a silver plastic
egg which trailed a long wire to a hand held unit.  Reaching in between my legs
he slipped the egg in between my pussy lips and then using his finger tips
pushed it deep into my vagina.  Now the crotch-less panties also made sense. 
"You see doll you're going to be tied up for quite some time as I take my photos
and I don't want you to get to bored.  Mind you I'm also not opting to use your
multi-pack unit, because I don't want you so excited that you knock yourself off
of your perch!"  With that he activated the unit.  He started it out with a low
amount of vibration and then gradually built it up to full power.

"Oh my", I said slightly shocked.  "Yes, I think that will definitely keep me
from being bored."

"Perfect" he said as he flipped the unit back into its off position.  "Now edge
forward on the chair and put your legs back together so I can start tying your
thighs together."  Just like Mr. Thatcher, Greg was a perfectionist when it came
to his rope work.  He looped a double strand of rope just below the tops of my
stockings and then wrapped them loosely in a second and third layer of strands. 
He threaded the loose end through my legs, up and over the top strands and then
down back through my thighs.  Knotting the rope below my legs he tightened the
six coils of rope tightly together until they took on the appearance of a single
white nylon cuff.  The rope pressed tightly into my flesh, which while not being
in any way painful, was still more than tight enough to be secure. 

He had started with a very long rope and he still had quite a bit left so once
again he began encircling my thighs.  The rope nearly ran out when he completed
his third circuit, giving him that same six coil look, but there was just enough
for him to cinch it tight.  He had started the second set about an inch away
from the first and now from my view point it looked like to completely different
sets of rope.  Before I was finished admiring his handy work he had already
started on another binding, this time just above the knees.  Again six coils
tied cinched tightly between my legs.  The next flowed swiftly over my suntan
colored stockings onto my calves just below my knees.

My ankles were graced with eight strands of the rope and this time cinched
differently.  He wrapped the rope between my ankles time and time again until he
ran out of rope and tied it off.  The binding itself was just as tight as any of
its fellows but the difference in cinching allowed for about a two inch
separation between my ankles. 

"Now slide back into the chair until your back is up against the wooden rungs",
Greg ordered me calmly as he surveyed his efforts.  "Good now slide into these
heels."  He slid off my leather ballet flats and placed the heels onto my feet
one at a time.  Looking around my bound gams I could see that they were the new
pair of six inch pure black patent leather pumps.  They were still a bit tight
as they hadn't been broken in, so I had to settle my weight onto them in order
to get my toes deeply into the tight interior.  My feet stretched to the highly
arched soles and my toes were uncomfortably cramped, but I consoled myself as I
thought that it was a heck of a lot better sitting in six inch heels then it was
standing!

"Hands behind the chair" he ordered.  I crossed my wrist behind my back and he
lashed them together in that crossed position.  With the remains of the trailing
rope he tied my wrists to the wooden cross bar below the chair.  His next move
was to add a double stranded "X" which crossed between my breasts and bound my
back tightly to the wooden chair rungs.  His final wrapping bound my thighs
tightly to the seat of the chair, leaving me about as helplessly bound as I ever
had been before.  One thing about the whole event struck me as important, but it
wouldn't solidify into words yet.  Then as I saw him cleaning up some unused
loose rope, coiling and cinching it tight before he put it back into his bag, it
came to me.

"Master, how is it that you are so fast at your bindings and yet still as neat
as Mr. Thatcher", I asked for the truth was he was much faster than either Mr.
Thatcher or his own father.

"Lot's of practice baby", he said with a smile.  "First I had to learn to tie
quickly to get Cassy back into bondage before Dad got home and then second I had
to become even quicker as a rigger."  He saw in my eyes that I didn't fully
understand so he continued.  "When I started working in bondage films my first
job was as a rigger and not as a director.  Riggers are the guys that tie the
models up and the quicker he was the quicker that the director could get to the
money shot, so us riggers had to be quick.  Of course I was working for one of
the big houses, Harmony Communications, so it had to look good also hence my
neatness plus speed."

"Wow, I hadn't thought about that", I replied thoughtfully.  "Master, just how
many women have you tied up?"

Greg gave me his signature chuckle.  "Hundreds baby, literally hundreds!"

"Then why didn't you find someone before me to fit my role in our little session
here if you were meeting these HUNDREDS of submissive's" I asked pointedly.

"Reeeooowww", Greg made a sound like an angry cat as he smiled.  "Pull back in
those claws baby."  He stroked my hair and then slid a blindfold about my head. 
The elastic strap pulled the soft padded leather tightly over my eyes cutting
off even a hint of light.  "Now open wide so I can put in your gag and then I
will answer your question while I take your picture."  The soft latex ball gag
soon filled my mouth effectively cutting off the rest of the questions that I
might have asked.  The only thing I could hear was the camera zooming in an out
as digital cameras don't have shutters that click as they take there pictures. 

"First of all baby", Greg began his story.  "Not all women who pose for bondage
pictures or participate in bondage films are submissive's.  For a lot of them it
is simply a way to earn a paycheck.  You see most of them never take off their
panties and don't have to do anything except look pretty and get tied up, not a
bad way to earn a few grand for two or three days of work."  He paused for a bit
and I heard him moving to a different location.  The zoom whirled and I suppose
another batch of photos was shot.  "Then there were the true submissive's in the
harder core films.  They would do the tougher shots like having their elbows
bound together during a hogtie sequence, nipple clamps with weights, suspension
bondage... well you get the idea." 

"Yes, I did date some of those ladies and yes, I did tie a number of them up
during our relationships", he told me softly.  "But it also never got this
far... being with them was like trying to fit that proverbial square peg into
the round whole.  Sooner or later the relationships just fell apart because they
didn't have that special spark that I was looking for in a lover."  That chuckle
of his filled the room as he moved to my right.  "In fact I can say with total
certainty that not a one of them would have ever asked why I had picked them
versus the rest of the world's female population.  Of course that is probably
one of the signs of the spark that only you possess which draws me to you like
no other."

The 'little egg that could', now humming deep with in my loins, was just enough
to keep me on the edge constantly.  It made me hot in a physical sense while his
words melted me in a more spiritual way.  I clenched my hands behind my back
wishing that they were free so that I could relieve myself.  Of course the taut
ropes didn't give at all and I couldn't move my hands in any appreciable way. 

I started as I felt his hands close over one of my shoes.  "Time for a footwear
change, baby", Greg said lightly.  "I think I'll switch you into the red six
inch sandals.  Hmmm, interesting name, these are called Exposed according to the
box."  He pulled the tight pumps off of my feet and slid on the sandals.  While
he was buckling them in place he told me, "I really should have looked at the
names Dad puts on some of his shoes, they really are amusing.  I'm sure that you
will be happy to know that the last pair of pumps that you were wearing were
called the Ultimate Pumps."  Truthfully the name didn't matter, but the freedom
my toes felt in the sandals was greatly appreciated!

I heard the cameras zoom whirling once again and Greg's soft voice painted a
vivid picture for me.  "My, my, those sandals work great with your cherry red
baby doll and the red satin gloves.  Oh, and the garters peaking out from under
the skirt of your gown pulled taut against your thighs as they hold up your
stockings... lovely.  The stockings are just perfect also.  They have that
iridescent shimmer that makes your legs look like they are slick with oil.  Oh
and the way that the arch of your foot is shown off so elegantly in the tight
red patent leather bindings of the sandals... magnificent.  It is as if your
foot is just sliding down the sole of the shoe because it is so wondrously steep
and the only thing stopping you from sliding right out of them is the strap
grabbing your red-painted toes." 

This went on for some fifteen or so minutes and now we were nearly an hour into
the session.  The egg was still doing its job, but it was starting to lose my
interest.  Albeit not entirely, yet it didn't hold the fascination for me that
it had at first.  Greg's voice telling me how sexy I looked did wonders towards
keeping my fires lit, but I couldn't help wishing for a more physical motivator. 
"Mmmmm", I moaned in satisfaction through my gag.  Greg had moved to my left
side and was nuzzling my neck.  I heard the camera being set onto the table and
soon felt his hands on my breasts.  "Mmmmm", I moaned delightedly, now this is
exactly what I needed!  Something to really keep me stimulated until he was
ready to let me cum.

His kneading hands slowly left my grateful silken sheathed mounds and his lips
followed shortly after.  I heard him rummaging in his leather bag and wondered
what he was doing.  I cocked my head trying to discern what he was looking for
and was rewarded by the sounds of chain links clicking together.  That sound was
becoming increasingly familiar so I knew without a doubt what he had found. 
Soon his fingers where once again on my breasts, this time pulling them up and
out of their supporting wired cups.  His practiced digits tickled and then
manipulated my nipples until they sprouted outwards like little buds at spring
time. 

"Owwww", I groaned through the gag as the first clamp bit into my nipple.  This
one really hurt and I found myself struggling against my bindings yet finding no
release.   "Ohhh... Ohhh", I cried in pain through that damn gag which was now
trying to choke me.  My breathing had sped up, do to the pain of the clamps on
my nipples, so that I could barely bring in enough air through my nose.  As I
began to calm myself and let the pain soak through me I could feel him handling
the chain that obviously connected the two clamps.  "Oww, Oww, Oww", I whimpered
in total distress as I felt the chain pulled tautly away from my nipples.  I
tried to lean forward to reduce the stress on my elongated nipples, but the rope
crossed between my breasts held my back tightly to the chair. 

"Hmmm, your nipples still seem to be a bit tender from yesterday nights play
time", Greg told me in a clinical sounding voice.  'No shit, Sherlock' I wanted
to shout at him, but on second thought it was probably best that I was gagged! 
The touch of his finger fiddling with the binding above my knees made it obvious
where he had tied off the lead he had attached to the center of the chained
clamps.  I couldn't move my knees backward and I could not move my breasts
forward so I could do absolutely nothing to ease the tension in the line or the
pain to my nipples.

I tossed my head in frustration and felt my hair fly.  Between that and
clenching my fists there was little else that I could move to show my
discomfort.  As I slowly calmed down, I felt Greg swapping out my sandals for
another pair of pumps this one with a single ankle strap.  "I'm letting you off
easy with these baby", Greg told me with a tinge of laughter in his voice. 
"These pumps are called 'Extreme' but they only sport a five and three quarter
inch heel.  There the same ones you wore this morning when you blew me.  My
little gift to offset your new set of clamps, but you must know that I put them
on with you in mind."  This time he did actually chuckle.  "I couldn't have you
sitting there bored could I?"

"Aaannnkks ooo ott", I growled through my gag.  In all honesty I couldn't hold
it against him, because it was definitely causing an interesting stimulation to
my already heated pussy.  I smiled behind my gag as I remembered one of my
mother's old adages, 'be careful what you wish for!'  I had been wishing for a
bit more stimulation, just not quite as much as Greg thought that I needed. 
Though he was definitely keeping me interested as he stretched my nipples inches
closer to my knees!

My mind was focused almost entirely on my nipples and the pain that was
radiating from their clipped tips.  It had moderated to a mere one alarm fire
from the initial four alarm status, but the pain was still very evident.  Using
my yoga training I calmed myself and let the pain flow through me, which was
like sending bolts of lightening to my cunny.  Combining this with the little
Easter present vibrating away deep within me, kept me just on the edge of
cumming.  I barely realized that Greg must have finished his last shot until he
once again began to nuzzle my neck.

"Ooohhhh", I moaned as his hands cupped both of my firm breasts and gently
squeezed them.  This once again sent bolts of pure sexual excitement down into
my warm moist love canal... yet, still it wasn't enough to push me over the top. 
I shook my head once again in frustration.  Greg merely chuckled and slid
another pair of shoes onto my feet.

"Later baby" he told me softly as he buckled the new set of heels into place. 
"I promise that you will get the release that you crave... but just not yet." 
He let his hands slide up over the ropes binding my ankles, tracing and
caressing the flesh nearest the taut lines.  Moving them upwards he massaged my
legs over and around each of their bonds until his hands were resting on my bare
sensitive thighs just above the tops of my stockings.  His fingers slid down
into the crack between my creamy smooth hips, but couldn't even come close to
reaching my flaming vagina.  I moaned again in frustration realizing that in
this extremely tight bondage situation that it was going to be a bit more
difficult for him to get me off.  Stopping his ministrations he said, "Now you
probably can feel that these shoes have a less steeply arched sole with only a
five inch heel.  They don't seem to have a name, but they are basically a sling
back closed toe sandal with a cage like set of straps wrapped around your instep
to mid-sole.  Black patent leather, by the way, and they really are very
becoming on you!"

I consoled myself in that at least if I couldn't cum yet that my Master and
lover was truly enjoying himself.  Good God, it isn't as easy being a bondage
model as I initially thought.  This waiting about for heck... hours while the
person behind the camera took the pictures was not as simple as it had looked. 
When Greg had originally showed me pictures from his videos and on the net, I
had thought that it looked like a snap.  Those girls were getting paid good
money for a really easy job.  Just about now, despite the fact that I was
comfortably seated, I was beginning to revise that estimate.

Greg switched me next into a pair of fluffy feathered marabou mules, which I was
told were red satin with again a five inch heel.   But after that he surprised
the heck out of me by sliding on a pair of flats.  "Those are your white satin
ballet flats" he informed me as I heard the camera's zoom working.  "Now I would
like you to arch your feet in them with only your toes touching the table, while
making the sole of your foot as straight to vertical as possible."  I arched my
feet into a modified 'on pointe' position.  The sole of these flats were solid
leather and not the soft split-soled suede of ballet slippers so I could not
reach my highest extension.  "Ah, that's perfect baby, simply perfect.  The toes
of your slippers are touching the table so lightly that the satin tips are
staying perfectly rounded.  Oh, and your feet are arched amazingly to get that
nearly vertical line from your soles.  The frontal view is stupendous!  Your
knees are raised to keep those arches high, forming a beautiful trail all the
way down to the little bow at the throat of your pristine white slippers."

The next thing I knew his fingers were untying the ropes about my thighs.  It
wasn't easy as he had purposely tied all the knots under my legs so that they
wouldn't show up in his picture set, but he got them loose somehow.  Then my gag
was being pulled out and his lips met mine as one of his hands pushed its way
between my still tightly tied legs.  He found his way to my moist mouth and
began rubbing my clit just the way I liked.  I leaned into him in total abandon
as now I knew that he was finally going to reward me for my patience. 

"Ooowww.... Ooooowww", I cried as his other had closed roughly on one breast and
began to play with the clamp.  I began to buck against my bindings causing the
chair and table to creak ominously.  This was far from my comprehension though,
as the orgasm that had building for nearly two hours burst over me in mere
seconds after being truly touched.  His hand on my chest roughly restrained me
as despite my obvious release Greg continued to vigorously rub my clit.  It
became self-evident why shortly.

"OH SHIT" I screamed in panic stricken pain as he removed one of the clamps from
a nipple.  I don't ever remember having my nipples clamped for so long a period
and now I was learning that that numbness was only temporary.  I threw myself at
my bonds like a mad woman as the excruciating pain of the blood flowing back
into freed nipple hit me.  It took all of his strength to keep me from throwing
myself off the table as I sucked in lungs full of air through both my nose and
mouth.  "OOOOWWW" I cried once again as the second clamp was removed.  It didn't
hurt any less than the first, but I was more prepared for it this time.  Tears
sprang unbidden from my eyes and were soaked up instantly by the blindfolds soft
fleece padding.  Greg continued to rub my clit more and more quickly until the
excitement of my next orgasm engulfed the pain and took me for one of the
wildest rides that I will never forget.

Greg wrapped his arms around my middle and held me tight as my whole body burst
into convulsions.  My strong feet and legs were arching and pushing against the
table so strongly that I nearly tipped myself over.  Next I threw my body from
side to side again almost causing me to fall.  Again and again my body strained
and pulled in utter abandon as this mother of all orgasms ran its course through
me.  Greg held onto me for all he was worth and finally... finally... the waves
calmed and I sagged sobbing into his arms.

"Are you OK baby?" He pleaded with heartfelt concern as he lifted the mask from
my eyes.

I managed to wink at him and finally forced a tired smile to my lips.  "Oh, I'm
much much better then OK Master.  I may not be able to move for a while, but I
am much much better than simply OK."  I repeated myself exhaustedly.  "My God,
so this is what it means to be totally sated!  I've read about it in romance
novels but I never thought that it was true."  I leaned forward limply and let
my bonds hold me to the chair as Greg untied the ropes.  When I was freed he
picked me up in his arms and carried me gently over to the couch.  He laid me
down and pulled the gray wool blanket over my supine body as I lay there totally
exhausted.

He kissed me on the forehead and went to leave the room.  "Master" I called
tiredly, "what about your needs?"

"I'll call for you later baby.  For now just relax and rest" he said to me
softly.

"OK" I responded slowly as my eyes closed and my consciousness departed from
this world.



"Baby, oh baby" I heard as if from far away as I slowly regained my senses. 

"Yes... yes, I'm here", I said through a deep yawn.

"I would greatly appreciate your presence in the computer room baby", Greg told
me much too brightly.  I struggled into a sitting position and finally gained my
feet.  My body was already beginning to ache from all too many pulled muscles
and that made me think of a nice warm soothing bath.  I smiled as I trudged
tiredly, with nearly closed eyes, towards the sound of my lover's voice. 

My lids flew open as I rounded the door frame.  Greg sat there nude in the well
padded tan leather chair, but that wasn't what drew my attention.  There I sat
bound to the chair, blindfolded, gagged, clamped and shod in six inch heels on
his computer screen which was the size of a moderate size television set.  As I
walked closer I could see the incredible detail of the picture.  The way my red
lips sucked in the black gag, how my nipples were pulled so taut that they were
white from the strain, how symmetricly perfect each of the sets of white nylon
coils were and how incredibly high my heels were suspended above those tall
spikes.

"Incredible isn't it?" he asked obviously pleased with his work.

"Yes... yes" I replied as I took it all in.  I knew what I had been doing and I
had already seen pictures of myself bound, but blown up on such a large
screen... wow.  It was a lot assimilate all at once.

I saw his hand moving, gently stroking his penis.  "Hey, no stealing my job", I
cried in mock horror.

Greg laughed, but his hand did drop his near hardened cock.  "Speaking of your
JOB... I really could use a blow job just now."

"Of course Master" I responded obediently as I began to move towards him.  Greg
clicked a button on the screen labeled slide show and then the picture that I
had been looking at expanded to fill up the whole screen with a legend at the
bottom saying it was one of ninety-eight.

"You took ninety-eight pictures of me?" I asked incredulously. 

"Actually, over one hundred and ten, but not all of them came out", he told me
as he pointed towards his waiting cock. 

"And you want me to blow you while you are looking at these pictures of me?"  He
nodded yes with a smile.  "My, oh, my you do just love to have your cake and eat
it too!"

Greg just smiled at me as I knelt between his legs and began kissing his balls. 
He turned back to the monitor and clicked to the next picture as my lips began
to encircle his swiftly hardening rod.  I could hear the measured click, click
of the mouse as he advanced through the pictures while I began to ride his thick
manhood up and down.  I added my hand to the mix pumping him into my mouth on
the up stroke and sucking him all the way into my throat on the down stroke.  It
seemed like I had just really gotten into it when a huge wad of cum splashed
against the back of my throat.  I backed off and continued to use my hand to
pump him as I sucked down his hot jism.  This seemed to go on for much longer
than normal and Greg moaned in pleasure.  Finally his eruption ebbed and I
licked off the last few drops from the tip of his head.

I looked up into his eyes as he looked down at me with a sated smile.  With a
chuckle he said, "It's good to be the King!"




Leather & Lace
Chapter 18 - Parties and Projects
By the White Knight


Sunday was a more restful day, as advertised Greg had lined up a Real Estate
agent to show us around.  We drove up to Chappaqua and met Pat Greer at her
office, a cute little house that had been converted into a business space with a
tasteful sign out front proclaiming that it was a Prudential agency.  Pat was
simply amazing, full of life and ideas she always had a bright smile ready and a
sunny outlook to present.  Since Greg and I really had no preconceived ideas
about exactly what we wanted she took us on an all day tour of the area. 

It seemed odd that she would spend so much time with only one client that really
wasn't at the point of buying, until she let slip the price range that Greg had
told her we were looking for.  I looked over at him with a look that said 'how
can we possibly afford this', but he just smiled and winked. 

We talked about the houses over dinner and both agreed that we didn't like the
wild new age designer looks with all there angles and projections, nor were we
crazy about the huge sprawling ranches that seemed to take 10 minutes to walk
from one end to another.  The colonials were nice, but they were also so our
parents, that we really couldn't see ourselves in one.  However, there was a
couple of reproduction Tudors that were really nice.  These both had beautifully
landscaped properties that enhanced the package, especially as they were both
very secluded from there neighbors.

We laughed with each other as we both picked one over the other as our favorite. 
As we walked through the lovely large cathedral bedroom we were led into a large
walk-in closet.  It didn't look any different than any of the dozen or so other
closets that we had seen during the day until Pat pointed out one salient
feature.  With a click of a recessed button a door popped open in the back wall
of the closet!  Beyond the door was a wonderfully comfortable room that had been
converted into a private study.  It was large and airy complete with two large
skylights that could be opened at will.  The room itself was huge and despite
the fact that the roof sloping minimized that actual usable space, must have
measured nearly 20ft x 20ft.  We were told that when the place was built the
contractor mentioned all of the unused space over the garage and the owner had
put in his own secret little hideout.

Greg and I couldn't tell Pat, but that secret little hideout would be a perfect
place for use to have our own private play area, alright dungeon, if you are
like Greg and prefer that term.  The thought of having someplace that no one
could get to without going through our bedroom was very appealing.  We both knew
that we would one day want to have children and the ability to slip out of our
bedroom and into our fantasy room unnoticed was a huge selling point!  Even
before that if we had company over it wouldn't restrict us from our fun and
games.  It seemed a much better idea than the locked room in the Thatcher's home
that was right in the middle of the basement.  A basement that was often
frequented by their kids.  Heck, how did Samantha get down stairs when she was
wearing a corset and heels?  All I could figure was that there own fun and games
were probably limited to very select times when the kids were definitely asleep
or staying over at a relatives home.

I baulked over the nearly six figure price tag, but Greg told me not to worry. 
He had done quite well as a director it turns out and was still receiving nice
royalty checks monthly from his many works.  He also reminded me that his dad
would undoubtedly give us a significant present when we wed, which would put
quite a dent into the homes price tag. 

That led me to think about my parents. Despite Greg's and his father's
enterprises being a tad off color, they could in no way doubt that they were
wealthy.  I guess my mom should have been careful what she wished for, because I
seemed to have definitely found myself in love with a wealthy man.  After my
parents got over the shock of where we had decided to make our careers, I was
equally certain that there would also be a large annuity coming my way from them
once we were married.

I slept that night in wonderful peace... that is until Greg slapped me on my
rump the next morning demanding his morning blow job!  While I found my way to
the bathroom to make myself presentable, Greg jumped from the bed and headed for
the computer room.  By the time I joined him there, he had gotten my picture
back up on the screen and just looking at my distended nipples made me wince. 
He gave me his roguish smile and held up four sets of cuffs in one hand and a
blindfold in the other.

'Yes, Master', I responded with a huff as I complied with his circular turn
around motion.  One set of cuffs were buckled about my wrists and locked behind
my back.  The second set, which I had thought was for my ankles, were placed
just above each of my elbows.  He attached something metallic to my right elbow
and then pulled this arm towards the opposite cuff.  The strain on my shoulder
blades continued to increase until I heard the latch snick home.  The strain
eased slightly as the D rings of the cuffs stretched a bit as my arms tested
there resilience.

'Hmmm, simply lovely darling', Greg told me as he turned me back around.  'You
do look so wonderfully fresh and innocent in your soft white frock.'

'Thank you my Lord', I said as I smiled and made a mini curtsy.  Soft white
frock indeed!  He must be in one of his English Lord moods I thought to myself. 
The gown was pristine white, but the single shoulder Grecian style cut, the hip
length hem and the tight gathering at the waist could hardly be categorized as
innocent!  Add to that the white seamed stockings and the marabou feather tufted
satin slides and the last think that would come to must men's mind was the word
innocent.  Of course this was my Lord and Master and it was his game, so I
smiled even wider as I enjoyed my helplessness.

Licking my lips suggestively I asked, 'Is there anything that I can do for you
my Lord?'  Greg nodded towards his lap that same grin.  'Oh my', I said in mock
surprise, 'I see your problem my Lord.  Your manhood is so in need of my
services that it is popping out of the hole in your boxers like a rabbit out of
a hat!'

'Yes, wench, and yon rabbit is desperately in need of finding a warm moist
burrow dive into', he replied with gusto as his hands came up to grasp my waist.

As he help me to my knees, I pouted and complained, 'I would much rather have
rabbit and pussy play together, personally.'

'I'm sure that you would you lusty vixen', he said heartily as he slid the soft
leather blindfold over my eyes.  'However, I am the Lord and Master here and I
have decided that rabbit would much prefer to plunge into the warmth of your
burrow-like mouth and throat.  Besides there was the little matter of a wager
that I do recall...'

How could I forget!  Blow jobs every morning for the first week that we lived
together was my penalty for suggesting that he could not bind me in three
totally exciting ways with only what he could find within our hotel room a few
weeks past.  I had lost that bet hands down, or perhaps I should say bottoms up,
regardless now it was time to pay up.  'You will have to guide me please my
Lord, which I am afraid will mean that you will have to take your hands off your
mouse... will that prove a problem?'

'Not at all oh helpless one', he called as his hands wrapped about my head and
lead me to his rambunctious rabbit.  'I've set yon theatre to automatically
cycle through each lovely portrait so that both of my hands would be at your
disposal.'

'How ooouuuttffuulll', I mumbled as my mouth slid open to accept his head.  I
could barely believe the multitude of ways that he could come with to make me
totally helpless while I gave him fellatio.  Once again I could see nothing and
my arms were painfully restrained behind my back, while he pulled my loving lips
up and down his engorged organ.  Many a woman may have felt abused in such a
situation, but not me.  I hummed in pleasure sending tingles of my joy into his
hard rod as I soaked up the exciting feeling of being totally under my Master
control.

His hands increased their grip and forced me to except an even faster pace.  I
had become so used to blowing him, that I could let my mouth do its work, while
the rest of my body enjoyed the ride.  I remembered talking about the freedom of
mind and body that could be achieved in yoga class, but this was one of the
first times that I found how it applied to my new life.  It was such a glorious
feeling to be free of all my physical and mental constraints as my mind floated
in this new realm.  Even when his head popped against the roof of my mouth or
hit the back of my throat the serenity of my alter world kept me calm and my
happy humming kept him excited.

In mere minutes I felt him burst deep down in my throat.  The hot cum poured
down my open gullet directly into my stomach.  Greg pulled me upwards so that I
only had half of him in me as the rest of his jism spewed forth.  I sucked it
in, but I was sorry to feel that my state of tranquility had been lost.  My
tongue wrapped around his receding pole as I bathed him of any remnants of the
experience.

'You are truly an amazing witch of a wench', he told me as he allowed me off of
his member.  'As you know I pride myself on being able to control the timing of
my orgasms and here you go throwing me all of schedule!  That humming of yours,
combined with your flawless deep throats and the extremely beautiful pictures of
you flashing before me simply did me in!'  As he removed my mask, I saw him
shaking his head.  'It seems that I am just going to have to train myself harder
and more often to get back to the level of control that I once prided myself
on... ah well, I suppose there could be worse things.'

His sigh of mock regret, broke through my own feelings of loss, from not having
rabbit within me, and forced me to laugh out loud.  Greg wrapped his arms around
me and joined my laughter and then gently removed my bonds.  The ache in my
shoulders relaxed as my arms were freed and I threw them about his neck.  'Worse
things indeed!' I said indignantly as I nibbled on his ear.

Another friendly swat on the butt got me moving to the shower.  We washed up,
dressed, ate and still had time to brush our teeth before we left for the
office.


Work had become something that I looked forward to versus just another job. 
There was always plenty of the day to day administrative work to keep my day
busy, but as I began to find where everything fit and the best ways to do things
this part of my function became less demanding.  Even my new additional tasks of
managing the products room inventory and handling the tough customer questions
were now almost like second nature.  As the partners became more comfortable
with me and saw my desire to take on more 'meaty' assignments they responded
happily by passing new bits and pieces to me.

Mr. Harrison was the first with his request for me to look at the application
descriptions on numerous of our toys and leather items.  Most were merely copy
write jobs, where laziness had caused a word to be spelled wrong or put in the
wrong place in a sentence that totally changed the meaning of the instructions. 
But every once in a while there was a question that truly was challenging.

Harry showed me a nearly a dozen letters complaining about our leather strap web
product.  It seems that many of the ladies who had used this product, or were
forced into it by their dom, were experiencing pinching from the buckles and
straps.  From the catalog I could see that the straps were meant to be used as
either a decorative leather web or to totally immobilize the upper body.  Not to
mention the strap running between the legs that could be used to hold in all
sorts of interesting items!

While I was checking out one of the products from the product room, I noticed
that it was made for us by guess who... that's right Stanton & Son Enterprises. 
So who better to help me 'test' the product than our new partner Greg Stanton? 

Greg was with Mr. Harrison when I interrupted them with my request.  The big lug
grinned from ear to ear while I felt my cheeks turning redder by the second. 
Heck, I thought that I was over that, but despite my best efforts the heat in my
face grew and grew.  Harry smiled and suggest to Greg that we use one of he
changing rooms in the models area for our 'product testing'.

Finding the models changing rooms empty we turned on the lights and went to our
work in a very professional way.  Greg suggested that I strip to my bra and
panties so that the buckles would be up against skin and not material.  Removing
my dress and blouse revealed one of my new matching sets, this one in burgundy
with white lace about the tops of the bra and the waist of the panties.  The
garter belt also sported some of the delicate lace as its tight garters held up
my sheer nude hose.  Suede pumps, also in burgundy, were the last thing left on
as we went to work.

Greg quickly set about attaching the straps which formed the collar, with that
done all of the other straps just hung down in front of me.  Ordering me to put
my arms by my side, he began the process of binding my arms to my body.  The
first strap above my breast which encircled my upper arms did not pinch me when
it was tightened.  He even pulled it another notch tighter as I told him this
just to make sure.  The next below my breasts, went around my arms a tad below
the elbows, again there was no pinching.  The last encircling strap bound my
lower arms to my body a roughly the tops of my hips.  Greg commented that he
would personally have added wrist to thigh cuffs to make sure the I didn't slide
my arms from beneath this last strap, but regardless there was still no pinching
from the buckles.  Finally he pulled the chastity strap up between my legs and
buckled it home in the small of my back.  The strap pressed tantalizingly
against my pussy, as my mind wandered to thoughts of its potential uses, but
again no pinching.

I closed my eyes for just a second, taking in a deep breath of the rich leather
smell given off by the straps.  Letting my mind wander I experienced the leather
confining my body, firmly, yet in a way gently due to the supple material that
formed the straps.  Greg's hands closed about my breasts and his lips began to
kiss my throat as he said to me softly, 'You see baby, Stanton Enterprises makes
quality products.'  His fingers pinched at my nipples through their lacy
coverings.  My knees nearly immediately felt weak as I leaned desperately into
his warm body.

Shaking my head I forced myself back firmly to my feet and said, 'Greg... or is
it Master, shouldn't we finish with our work first?'

Greg's hands moved back gently to cupping my full and eager breasts, 'Greg will
be fine for now darling and unfortunately we have yet to find the cause of all
of these complaints.  Were there any specific's in the letters that would give
us more of a clue?'

Shaking my head no I answered, 'Most of the letters were short.  They all,
except one, loved the product but complained about the way that the buckles
pinched.  One did say that she was wearing it like a sexy S&M type teddy when
she had the problem, but most of the ladies didn't get into any detail at all.'

'I suppose that's not unusual', Greg opined as he began freeing me from the
straps.  'I'm sure that using the product versus describing how they are using
the product to an absolute stranger are two entirely different things.'  With
all of the straps released he had me raise my arms, while he began re-applying
them.  Without my arms being bound the top straps buckle was now directly
against the skin right behind my tender arm pit.  The buckle didn't exactly
pinch, but when Greg cranked it up one more notch it was a near thing.  The next
buckle was almost on my side and dug a bit into the taut skin at the top of my
rib cage. 

The final strap bit into the soft flesh near the top of my buttocks, just over
the left hip.  It seems that all of the extra length needed to encircle my arms
had moved the buckle far from the center of my back, which was causing the
problem.  The strap buckled between my legs was the same as before as the buckle
at the back was mounted on a loop that could be moved along the waist strap into
just the right position.

It was a bit more uncomfortable worn this way, and yes there had been a few
minor pinches, but I still didn't see any real issues with the product. 
Obviously neither did Greg who once again began teasing my nipples and kissing
his way up my neck.  'We are finished our test work, so I think we are entitled
to our fifteen minute break.'  My will had been weak before and now it totally
flew out the door.  His finger tweaking my nipples was driving me crazy and all
I wanted was to have him in me, driving into me, pounding into me...

I turned myself into his body and threw myself at him... literally.  Putting my
arms around his neck, I jumped up and encircled his waist with my powerful legs. 
Greg grunted from the impact, but his lips met mine hungrily as his hands moved
to support my thighs.  While he held me I began to dry hump against his hips and
against the side of my thigh I felt his member respond.  Removing one hand from
my thighs he began working the buckle holding the chastity strap between my legs
free.  This done he pulled it out and let it lay uselessly over my thigh as he
started to pull at my panties.

'Bows', I said to him breathlessly.  'There are bows on either side.'  His
fingers searched and found the twin bows on my left thigh and released them. 
The soft material fell loosely across my crotch as he began working his zipper. 
Before I even knew what hit me I felt him embed himself into me.  I kissed him
hard as his powerful arms lifted my body up and down along his cock.  Strong as
he was though even he couldn't keep that up forever and with a shock that shook
the room I felt my back slam up against the wall.

'Oooowwwwww', I screamed into his mouth as I worked hard to keep our lips
locked.  The pain came from the buckles, as he pounded me into the wall each and
every one of them had taken a bite out of my tender skin.  Using his mouth like
a gag, I continued to cry into it as his thrusts pushed me up against the hard
surface behind me.  Tears formed in my eyes and trickled down my cheeks, but the
pain had now become fuel that was stoking my fire.  I cried out in delight as I
came and Greg grunted as I felt him flex his hips and then he came also.  We
shuddered as we held each other afterwards, nearly oblivious to the outside
world as we finally began to breathe normally.

Fortunately, the models area came complete with a large restroom, so we were
able to make ourselves presentable prior to going back to the offices.  Greg
once again the loving gentlemen went back into the room to find my missing
panties and than generously re-tied them in place.  I was happy to smooth down
my skirt before it all started over again.  Mr. Harrison found us at my desk
with Greg leaning over me while I typed on the computer. 

'So did you find the problem?' He asked.

'Yes', Greg responded while I continued to type.  'When the web is worn as
garment and not as a restraint the buckles end up in some pretty sensitive
places.'

'Which is especially painful when your partner is pressing you up against
something...' I heard the words slide from my lips before I had even thought of
saying them.  I looked up at the two men and felt my face reddening once again,
so I quickly looked back to the monitor and muttered, 'Like on a hard rug or
something, I would imagine'. 

Greg gently rubbed my shoulders reassuringly and covered up my gaff by
suggesting potential solutions.  Harry listened attentively and concurred with
his second idea, then suggested that they call over to Stanton Enterprises and
talk to one of the designers to get their input.  The two men walked off after
Greg gave me a last squeeze to my shoulders.  I finished my letter to the ladies
who had complained, explaining that we had found the problem and were working on
a solution.  For the time being though I suggested that if they were wearing the
web, to try to get their partners to agree to make love on a soft couch or bed!

Late that afternoon both Greg and I were asked to join Mr. Thatcher in his
office.  He closed the door behind him and then he looked at Greg and said,
'Greg I have your dad on the line' as he pointed to the speaker phone, 'He wants
to speak to you.'

Greg face grew grave and concerned as he moved closer to the phone, 'Dad, are
you OK?  Is Cassy OK?'

'Michael that was the worst introduction that you've ever given me', Mr. Stanton
growled over the line.  'I'm fine son, just fine.  You're new boss suggested
something to me and than botched the opening that's all this is about.' 

Mr. Thatcher looked unrepentant, 'I wouldn't say that it was my suggestion it
merely sounded like that was the direction you were obviously taking in the
conversation, Arch.'

'Alright, alright, forget it', Mr. Stanton said more softly.  'Greg it's just
that Cassy wants to have a party for her birthday...'

'No problem', said Greg as he glanced at me.  I nodded yes and he added, 'You
can count on us'.

'It's a bit more involved than that son.  You see it's her 35th and I want to do
something special for her and she asked me... well, it's not just any kind of
party...' Mr. Stanton's voice faded into the distance.

'Heck if it's a costume party or a surprise party it's no problem Dad', Greg
answered briskly.  As for myself I was beginning to wonder what was making Mr.
Stanton so uncomfortable and just how this concerned Mr. Thatcher.

'Arch, maybe I should take over', Mr. Thatcher said.  Mr. Stanton's agreement
sounded of relief and I looked at Mr. Thatcher's business-like face as he
motioned for us to sit down.  'Cassy would like to have a bondage party.  It
seems that she has always wanted to be bound with other women, not sexually,
just helplessly bound in a group of other helplessly bound women.  She told your
dad about this awhile back and he came up with the idea of making her 35th
birthday special by granting her wish.  He asked Samantha and I to join them and
we have accepted.  Now your father and I were on the phone talking about the
particulars, call it the rules for the evening and that's when he alluded to you
two.'

'I didn't allude to anything, Michael', Mr. Stanton said now that the ice was
broken.  'It just seemed to me that now that you two are a couple it would make
the evening a lot more fun for Cassy to have two women to be tied up with
instead of just one.' Greg looked over at me and I felt frozen inside.  No
women, no group sex, no animals was my own mantra that began to play through my
mind.  Greg was watching my face but before he could say anything his father
went on, 'Don't misunderstand you two, neither the Thatcher's or your mom and I
are into swapping and were not talking about having sex, just couples bondage.' 
I was reassured by this, yet the thought of bondage without sex seemed
somehow... wrong.

Greg looked at me and I smiled and nodded, yes.  'Dad, Sharon and I would love
to help you celebrate Cassy's birthday', Greg said seriously.  'Mind you I
probably will find it difficult not to rescue her once you have her all tied
up... just like the old days!'

'You young whippersnappers think that you know everything' Arch said as he
couldn't help but laugh.  His voice changed to a more serious tone, 'Now what we
are thinking about is some light bondage during the earlier part of the evening
in the living room.  Dinner will find the ladies bound to chairs in the dinning
room where the gentlemen will be feeding their partners. 

The finale is still being worked on but what Cassy has dreamed of is being
suspended helplessly among a group of women.  One thing that I know about Cassy
is that despite being light as a feather she really doesn't like to be truly
suspended off the ground, also because of her size she has become very
accustomed to wearing very high heels.'  Greg seemed to know something that I
didn't as he grabbed Mr. Thatcher's catalogue off of the table and began rifling
through it.  'So I suggested to Michael that Sam and she where ballet boots, to
give just that little bit of extra support that she likes.  Samantha has agreed,
but Michael decided that the ladies should also be wearing corsets as it is one
of Sam's favorite forms of bondage.  So the question is too you Sharon, would
you feel comfortable under these circumstances?'

I looked over at Greg who was holding up the magazine and pointing at a picture,
where a young woman was standing in a pair of knee high black leather boots that
laced up the front and boasted an amazing nine inch heel!  Could I even stand in
a pair of nine inch heels I wondered quickly to myself?  I shook myself
mentally.  It didn't matter I would have the ropes above me to hold onto and
besides if Sam and Cassy could do it I could also.

'Sounds wonderful', I answered brightly, 'We'll be there with bells on... or
should I say I'll be there with boots on as the case may be!'

The men all laughed and I was gratified to see the approving looks that Greg was
giving me.  It really wasn't all that hard of a decision to make though, as my
issue with groups really revolved around being used the way I had been when I
was younger.  The fact that I would be on display once more before others that
reveled in binding women helplessly to their will in such a comfortable setting
as this one was easy to consent to.  In fact I think that like Cassy, the
thought of being bound in a group of friends was actually very exciting!

As Greg and I drove home, my goodness I was already thinking of it as our home,
we talked about the party the entire way.  We started out with the more mundane
issues of what clothes, lingerie and heels that I would bring with me to wear
during the evening, but the discussion soon turned to our feelings about it.  I
opened up about how it excited me to think of being bound in front of the other
couples.  Greg admitted that he was equally thrilled because he couldn't wait to
show off his own bondage prowess to these men that he had always thought of as
bondage masters.  For him it was kind of like being a golfer that made it into
the Masters Tournament. He liked to think of himself as Tiger Woods and his
father and Mr. Thatcher being Arnold Palmer and Jack Nicolas, respectively, at
their primes.  Having been bound by all three of them I smiled at his analogy
and agreed with it implicitly.  My Master was going to kick there collective
butts... in a very nice way of course.  Heck that's what family was for, right?


Over the next few days at the office things continued to move at a hectic pace. 
Lucinda corralled me to help her with planning Leather and Lace's involvement in
the upcoming Bondage Convention.  She had me begin by researching what was on
the web about this year's convention and also by looking back at the past years
conventions.  My assignment was generally to look at how other companies like
ours had supported their products sales and to find ways to improve our own
methods.

Clicking on the conference web site I was pleased to see that our site was
listed second on the front page right below the BDSM Toy Chest.  I had visited
that site before and knew that Summer, their premiere model, was a definite
draw.  However I felt that our own company's models and galleries were every bit
as good or better.  Lesser known sites followed those, but surprise surprise
there was a Fredrick's banner there also!  Hmmm, even a pure lingerie company
could see the benefit of talking to this audience.

Reading the background material I was astounded by the numbers of patron's that
they were expecting to show up which were anticipated to exceed twenty thousand! 
Dozens of bondage models and bondage sites were having live workshops at which
they would present "how to's" and there best works.  There were also a number of
workshops that were looking for patron participation, which I personally thought
was very interesting.  However, I couldn't think of any practical employment of
these events for our company.

The convenient link to the previous year's convention showed pictures of our and
our competitor's booths.  Outside of our companies grotto type look with the
thick golden rope decoration we looked much like the others.  Our wares were
laid out on tables, in glass cases or simply hanging from various walls about
the enclosure.  My first thought was to spice it up by having a couple of our
models present to show off how wonderful our products looked gracing a beautiful
female form.  I wrote this down as I thought how the models would attract more
patrons to our kiosk.

Then I clicked on a link that totally mesmerized me.  Within the convention
there was to be a bondage competition with room for up to fifty couples to
participate.  I looked at the pictures from last year's competition and was not
surprised to see that most of the couples were male / female with the male
dominant, but that there was also a significant sprinkling of female / female
teams.  My, my, my, I thought, what must it have been like to be a part of that
menagerie?

My musings ended abruptly as I opened the rules to this year's competition.  The
more I read, the drier my mouth became and the wetter my pussy.  I had been
surprised that there were no male submissive teams, but reading the rules the
reasoning became evident.  Oh, my god, it was incredible!  It was like a Miss
Bondage contest!  I fell back into reading the document.


2004 BONDAGE CONTEST RULES


There will be four events during this competition.  The first three events will
be used to pick the six finalists.  The fourth event will be used to pick the
winner and first and second runners up.

1.	"Revised" swimsuit competition.  As in the Miss America competition
contestants will walk down the runway and back, turn around fully and pose next
to moderator.  Contestant's arms must be immobilized and set away from rear and
chest areas.  Contestants will wear the following:
a)	Classic corset, with push up half cup bra to show off nipples (waist
must be at least four inches less than starting size to qualify).
b)	Alligator clips on nipples with dangling two ounce weights (provided).
c)	Six (6) inch stiletto high heels (Pumps, sandals, mules; NO boots!).
d)	Gags (Ball, Tape, Scarf, etc. - Contestants choice).

Grading Basis:
* Looks, posture, stance...25%
* How well contestant walks in stiletto heels...25%.
* Gag snugness and sound muffling capability.  (Pull on weights or paddle bottom
to test, moderator decision.)...25%.
* How well contestants keep their faces either neutral or smiling (as much as
possible around gag).  No tears or obvious discomfort showing due to clips or
other accouterments.  Contestants are advised to practice quite a bit!...25%


2.	Volcano Rock Walk.  Event will consist of contestants walking across a
bed of hot rocks measuring approximately 20 feet long.  (Note:  Rock surfaces
never achieve temperatures of more than 150 degrees, less than hot cup of
coffee, reducing actual danger.  While being uncomfortable it is relatively safe
and geared more towards spectator appreciation.)  Contestants will wear the
following:
a)	Body suit of contestants choice (Preferably metallic colors; gold,
silver, bronze, etc.).
b)	Fire resistant slippers (provided to contestants for consistency).
c)	Fire resistant tights (provided to the contestants for consistency).
d)	Wrists will be tied to waist using leather belt and cuff arrangement.

Grading Basis:
* How quiet contestants can be despite pained peds...33%.
* How nimble / agile contestants show themselves to be negotiating the
rocks...33%.
* How exciting contestants can make it seem (i.e. Make it look like fun)...33%.

3.	Gauntlet.  Event will consist of Contestants walking between a double
row of their cohorts which will whip and paddle them.  Implements will be
limited to switches, light leather multi-blade whips and paddles.  Contestants
will wear the following:
a)	Bra and Panties.
b)	Six (6) inch stiletto high heels or satin ballet-like slippers.
NOTE:  Contestants choosing to wear slippers will have their ankles bound with
only 10 inches of slack using leather ankle cuffs and chain.  In this way
contestants will be forced to navigate the gauntlet at a slower than desired
pace, due to high heels or bindings.  Contestants choosing heels will invalidate
the use of paddles.
c)	Wrists will be tied to neck using leather collar and cuff arrangement
removing the ability of contestants to use their arms to protect their bodies.


Grading Basis:
* Completion of gauntlet without stumbling or going outside of the lane...33%.
* Keeping an erect posture, rather than a more crunched protective
posture...33%.
* How quietly contestants can take the dished out punishment...33%.



FINALISTS ONLY

4.	Timed Bondage Events.  All contestants must be bound in the following
positions.
a)	Standard Hog-tie.
b)	Pole-tie (either standing or kneeling).
c)	Chair or Stool tie (either sitting or over)
d)	Suspension tie (Upside down or right side up).
e)	Elective  (Contestants pick favorite bondage position.  20 minutes
maximum allowed setup time).

NOTE:  Contestants will be allowed to dress in any manner they feel appropriate
(minimum bra and panties, crotch-less panties are allowed).  Enhancements such
as gags or blindfolds are allowed in all events.  Further enhancements such as
nipple clips, nipple rings, dildos, etc. can only be used in Elective event. 
All bondage's (except elective) will use rope (manila, nylon or cotton is the
contestants choice).

Grading Basis: (A thru D)
* How quickly contestants and partner achieve bondage status...20%.
* How snug / tight is the rope work...20%.
* How appealing is the rope work...20%.
* How exciting does contestant look.  (Happy, sad, etc. show of emotion)...20%.
* How does contestant look overall.  Dress, enhancements and bondage statement
combined...20%.

Grading Basis: (E)
* How inventive is contestant elective bondage...20%.
* How snug / tight is the bondage materials (rope, leather, etc.)...20%.
* How appealing are the bondage materials (rope, leather, etc.)...20%.
* How exciting does contestant look.  (Happy, sad, etc. show of emotion)...20%.
* How does contestant look overall.  Dress, enhancements and bondage statement
combined...20%.


NOTES:  This section is limited to Six finalists, due mainly to stage space
restrictions.
* Hog-tie will be performed on raised glass table (roughly two and a half feet
high) for best visual effect.
* Poles / Posts will be provided.  Kneeling contestants will use telephone pole
type pole and will be placed on special two foot high platforms.  Standing
contestants will use standard fence post thick poles.
* Chair or Stool will be anchored to wood bases.  Contestants may request
either, but for consistency purposes they will be provided by contest.  Chairs
are wooden with arms (colonial style).  Stools are metal frame with padded seat,
four legged, approximately three feet high.  Warning:  Stools are not
recommended for bend over position (ankles bound to one set of legs and wrist to
other) if contestant is less than five feet tall!
* Eight Foot square box frames will be provided for suspension bondage.  Frames
will include:
* Eight pulleys placed at corners, top, bottom, left and right sides.
* Pulleys will use cables with snaps connected to hand cranks.
* Contestants will provide all components of elective.  (i.e.  St. George's
cross, wooden horses or other specially created implements.
* Each contestant will be allowed 10 minutes to rest and change between events.

GOOD LUCK AND HAPPY BINDINGS!!!

INFORMATIONAL:
As a reference to contestants the following items used in this competition can
be obtained through the following vendors.

Corsets of the type used in event #1 and 6 inch heels are available through
Absolute Corsets, Xandria's Leather Collection, Michael Salem Ent., Inc. and
Dream Dressers, Inc.

Body suit (metallic colors) in event #2 can be obtained from Frederick's of
Hollystone.  Provided slippers come in gold, silver, bronze, green and red.

Satin bra, panties and satin slippers in event #3 are available through Victoria
Secrets.

Contestant discounts have been arranged with all above mentioned vendors
excluding Victoria Secrets.


The Video "2003 S&M Competition" and pictorials of last year competition, which
ran in the March 2004 Bondage Life magazine, can be obtained through Unity
Communications.

Please call the number provided in the cover letter for more information on any
of the above.



HINTS:
The following is a short note from Barbara Betz, President of Unity
Communications and presiding judge at this year's competition.  (The famed Jay
Leward and Simone Devlan will also be joining our judges this year!)


Dear Contestants,

Last year's competition yielded quite a bit of information which I am sure is of
interest to all of you.  Getting to the finals was, as intended, a trail in and
of its self.  The following are a few of the big winners and losers that the
2003 competition brought to light.

Lingerie was much preferred by the audience over the more traditional bra and
panties outfits.  Debra Craig, the winner of the 2003 competition, wore a zebra
striped corset with matching stockings and high heels in her elective bondage
event.  Baby Dolls, Teddy's and surprisingly long gowns with waist high slits
were also rated high on the audience questionnaires.  Leather was less in
evidence than in previous years, with more of a move to softer fabrics such as
silks, satins and spandex.  Leather still came on strong in the corset arena,
however, but it does seem that the soft feminine look is back in vogue.

Crotch ropes also caused quite a stir.  Applause went rampant as the judges
tested the ropes for tightness and snugness.  This also caused the rule change
allowing crotch-less panties in this year competition.  Ms. Craig, a legal
secretary by day, wore ropes between her ass cheeks and vagina in four of five
bondage events.  She stated, "The extra time involved was totally worth the
crowds appreciation and don't let anyone tell you the judges aren't swayed by
the crowd."  I have to agree with Debra that the crowd does influence our view
of the contestants overall bondage statement, and therefore does have an effect
of our grading of the event.

The big losers last year were boots, especially the thigh high ones which were
predominant in earlier years.  Many respondents to our questionnaire felt that
they detracted from the rope work and reduced the bondage statement.  The big
winners in footwear were high heels and believe it or not slippers!  Hence, the
change to this year requirements that heel height be increased to six inches
from previous years four and over inches.

As a last note on footwear, last year contestant Elsa Berg, put on quite a show
during the runway event in her specially crafted seven and a quarter inch spiked
heel pumps!  She walked exceedingly well in these pumps with their incredibly
high stiletto heel's and actually made it look easy.  Other contestants were
allowed to try to walk in them, but none were able to master the tricky heels. 
I, myself, a person much accustomed to wearing five and six inch heels, could
not stand without help in them!

Finally, stockings hide many sins.... use them to your advantage!  Those of you
wishing to use fishnet stockings look into the newest version of this tired and
true stocking.  They are basically two stockings in one.   A basic nude color
stocking covered with the fishnet stocking.  These look much better than the
normal type and photograph very well!

Again I wish you all the best and remember even those of you who do not go on to
the finals, will have experienced the fun and excitement of this grand
competition!

							Good Luck,

							Barbara Betz, President
							Unity Communications


After I finished, I buzzed Lucinda and asked if I could see her.  She told me to
come to her office in ten minutes, so I continued to look at the pictures and
read about last year's bondage competition.  Walking into Lucinda's office she
asked me if I was OK, because I looked awfully flushed.

'I'm fine mam', I answered as I knew that Lucinda preferred to be called mam at
work.  'It's just that I was reading through the materials that you asked me to
look at...'

'Ah, I see', she said with a knowing wink.

'... and I wanted to tell you some of my ideas', I added without rising to her
slight taunt.  First, I told her about my idea to add models into the mix of our
kiosks and she thought that it was a wonderful idea.  She even added that the
models would be happy to model specific items, excluding vaginal or anal
penetration if the customer agreed to pay for the item.  Next, commented on the
fact that we weren't even listed as potential suppliers of product in the
contest rules.  This resulted in her immediately picking up the phone and
tackling that situation.  I sat quietly and waited until she was finished and
then popped my idea that we should have a have our own team enter the bondage
competition, explaining that it would be like car and oil companies supporting
the race car driver of their choice.

'Sorry, it just won't work', Lucinda told me.  I asked for her reasoning and she
just told me it wasn't practical, when I continued to press the subject she
called in Mr. Harrison.  In fairness to her she represented my case to Mr.
Harrison honestly and didn't add any of her own negativity, and he just sighed
and turned to me.

'Sharon, we've been over this ground before', Mr. Harrison began.  'The problem
is finding the right people to represent the company.  We've tried approaching
some of the couples that have been involved for a number of years, but none have
been interested.  We've also looked at having one of our models and a hired
bondage rigger become our spokes people, but to get far enough in the
competition to get our products and name noticed is unlikely with this kind of
team.  You see they really need to be a unit to work together effectively and
just throwing two people together, would never get them past round one.'

Mr. Harrison shrugged his shoulders, 'So now you can see our dilemma. Yes, it
would be a great way to showcase our products by having a couple entered in the
competition, but coming up with the couple is the problem.  If you can think of
a way to solve this I would love to hear it.'

The meeting broke up after that and I went back to my research.  I still
couldn't believe what an opportunity that we were missing.  Putting our products
on display before thousand and thousands of people that were our perfect
audience had to boost sales.  I also knew from my own experience with clothing
that if I found a line that worked for me, I stayed with it, so if we could just
get them to try our products we could generate a potential life time of sales.

Once again I read through the contest rules, this time paying special attention
to what the contestants were supposed to wear during each event.  This was my
third time through and each time the thoughts that raced through my mind as I
carefully read each line were like nothing that I had ever experienced before. 
All of these submissive's were dressing and competing for the honor of their
Masters, to bring them happiness through their obedience which would be shown to
all the world and also for... themselves.  I thought of this as I read the
account from the winner of last years competition.  She was proud of herself,
just like an athlete who had won a great race.

I was doodling on the contest rules when Mr. Thatcher called me.  He was over at
our photo agency which did all of our shoots and he was looking at setting up
our next years Valentine and spring issues.  I knew all of this as I kept his
schedule so I wondered when he would get to the point.  When he did I was taken
aback although I suppose that I shouldn't have been.

'You want me to model for the two issues?' I repeated dumbly.

'Yes, Sharon', he replied easily.  'We were talking about looking for a fresh
face and the first person I thought of was you.'

'I see', I said as my mind began to grapple with the situation. 

'I was thinking purely of the lingerie part of the catalogue', Mr. Thatcher
obviously trying to make me feel more comfortable with the situation.  'The
Valentine's catalogue alone has dozens of special items with lots of hearts and
red in them which would go perfectly with your skin tone.'

By now I had pulled myself together.  For sometime now I had been thinking of
what I would do when this call came and now it was time to implement my plans. 
'That's wonderful, sir.  Yes, I would love to model lingerie in the Valentine's
catalogue.  However, I would also like to be considered for other portions of
the assignment also.  Isn't the spring issue the one that we are going to launch
Mr. Stanton's new bondage furniture line?'

'Why, yes, Sharon it is', he replied.  'But in all honesty we were not thinking
of using models in those shots.'

'Mr. Thatcher I seem to recall being tied rather tightly to a so-called card
table of Mr. Stanton's firm design', I began slyly.  'Personally I can attest to
its comfort and also its ability to totally restrain me.'  Finally I moved in
for the kill.  'Now, sir, don't you think that if your ad pictured me perched
upon that table perfectly immobilized that you would sell more of them?'

'Hmmm, by George you are right, my dear', he exclaimed excitedly.  I heard him
telling the other people with him what was being suggested and flushed just a
bit when he went into graphic detail about how wonderful my bound breasts looked
mashed against the soft leather cover of the table. Then he was back on the
line, 'You are on young lady! The shot is going to be held about ten weeks from
now, I tell you exactly when as it is all settled.  Thank you very much you
truly are a godsend!'

I was going to be a model!  Not just any model but a bondage model!  This was so
cool, that I couldn't believe it.  I would finally experience what all of those
women who worked with Greg must have felt.  With that thought I began to wonder
who would be the rigger for the shot.  Would it be Mr. Thatcher himself, Greg,
or maybe even some else that I didn't know at all?  Boy, I hope it was Greg that
would be great to be working with him... hmmm, yummy!

Looking down at the paper in front of me, I started reading my own doodling. 
For each of the events I had listed outfits that I owned that would be perfect
for the competition.  Including multiple idea's for the elective bondage
section.  Even the finale was covered with the words in all caps and underlined
'SOFT LEATHER WAIST BUSTER CORSET' and next to it my own sketch of an hourglass
shaped figure with arrows pointing out the nipped waist. 

That's when it hit me.  Hit me like a lightening bolt.  My breathing started to
come in short gasps and I felt so excited and scared all at the same time that I
wondered if I was having a heart attack.  I was a bondage model, or at least I
was going to be one and Greg was a rigger, who better to represent Leather and
Lace in the bondage competition than the two of us?  Oh God, could I do it
though?  Put myself on display in front of thousands of people while I was bound
and heck, there was no pussy footing around this issue... tormented.  I pictured
myself standing bound in my corset in front of a hungry crowd and immediately I
could feel my pulse quicken and my loins warm.  Oh my God the thought was
exciting me beyond my own belief.  Yes, yes, I could do this!

With that decision made firmly in my own head I began to think how to broach the
subject with Greg.  With the exception of his agreeing to this party he had been
adamant during all of our discussions about bondage that he wanted to keep our
sexual lives to ourselves.  He had told me about bondage groups that operated
about the country at which Master's could and did display their slaves to their
peers, but it just didn't interest him.  The only person that he wanted to
display me to was himself, selfish is the way that he had described this desire
with a laugh.  I hadn't thought much of the whole thing at the time because
there had been so many things for me to learn and think about, but now I
wondered if Greg would change his mind on this issue.

The entire drive home I fretted about when and how to ask him and each time I
worked up the nerve I backed down at the last second.  Greg had me dress in a
long white night gown after I had worked out and showered.  So I found myself
making dinner in my lacey peignoir set complete with a set of five inch spike
heeled satin slides with marabou tufts as I continued to gnaw at the problem.  I
though idly that gliding about the kitchen in my high heels was becoming nearly
second nature.  Greg was continually pushing me towards higher and higher heels,
so nearly every night and often during the day he would have me wearing heels. 

Maybe that was my "in" I thought immediately.  Maybe I could sell this whole
idea to him as him proving what an excellent Master and trainer he was!  He had
told me countless times that he hated to fail yet at the same time loved a good
challenge, what could be a better challenge of his skills than this?

Greg told me that he wanted to practice for the party this weekend, so he tied
me to one of the armed dining room chairs.  My arms were wrapped tightly to each
of the arms, by a continuous coil of nylon rope.  My chest was bound with double
strands both above and below my breasts with a crossed "X" through the center. 
The ropes binding my hips to the chair and those that circled my legs tightly at
knee and ankle caused my gown to billow about my gams.  All and all I was very
comfortable, yet utterly helpless as Greg began to feed me.

As he finished feeding the both of us we talked as the candles burned lower in
their silver sconces.  The dark wood of the table reflected a hazy form of the
small fire as I turned my gaze downward.  'Hmmm, Master, I had this idea today
that I think would really improve sales at L&L', I started hesitantly.  Greg
immediately wanted to know what it was and I began my story by telling him of my
suggestion to Lucinda that we should get a couple to represent us as the Bondage
Conferences bondage contest.  I explained how this would allow us to show off
our companies wares in a way that no other vendor would be able to compete with
and followed that up with my feeling that once a customer tried our products
that they would stay with us for a long time to come.  He agreed whole heartedly
mirroring my first thoughts about what a wonderful opportunity that this would
be for the firm.  Then I dropped the boom and told him about the conversation
with Mr. Harrison and why we had not been able to find a couple to sponsor. 
Greg leaned back in his chair and swore, folding his arms his face clouded in
serious thought.

Timidly I said, 'I do think that I have found a way around the problem, would
you like to hear it?'

'Yes, sure baby', he said as his face opened up to a smile.

'We enter the contest', I said softly.

'Yeah, I understand that part.  The company enters into the contest, but who are
we going to get to sponsor?' Greg asked.

'We, you and I, are the team that the company sponsors', I said even more softly
as I looked again at the fuzzy outline of the candle dancing on the table top.

'Are you crazy baby?' Greg asked me incredulously.  'Do you have any idea what
those couples go through to train for this event?  No, of course you don't. 
Listen honey, think of it like the Olympics of the bondage world.  The teams
that compete at these conventions have been together for years and years.  They
know each others moves cold, so that they are constantly assisting the other,
during each and every tie.  Then they practice for months in advance to hone
their skills to there absolute maximum before they even think of entering into
this contest.  Oh, sure there are always a few couples that just enter for the
pure fun of it but they are generally eliminated in the first round and I don't
think any of those walk on couples have ever made it to the elective rounds. 
All that would happen if we entered would be for us to get eliminated early.' 
Greg shook his head in the negative.  'No, baby' he told me softy, 'it doesn't
make any sense for us to compete.'

'Greg... Master', I pleaded softly as I leaned forward as far as possible within
the constraints of my bounds.  'I'm going to be a bondage model for the
company... and I love being bound by you... you are a rigger with years of
experience, couldn't you teach me?'

'Are you crazy?' he nearly shouted at me.  'You are so green behind the ears
that it's a wonder that plants aren't growing there!'  He saw my face flush and
relented somewhat.  'Yes, you do have great potential and are absolutely
priceless to me, new comer or not, but teach you things that it takes years to
learn, in what... six weeks, nope it's impossible.'

'I thought that you liked a challenge... Master', I goaded as I looked him
directly in the eye.

He leaned over the table until our faces were nearly touching and gave me a
grave look, 'You are overstepping your bounds baby.  I've said no and that is
that.'

'But...' I stuttered.

Greg left the room and returned with my new penis gag.  'That but is going to
cost you baby', he told me sternly.  He held the penis to my lips and I opened
my mouth obediently.  Angrily he pushed in the rubber rod until the leather base
mashed up against my lips.  I began to choke as the rough head slammed into the
back of my throat and tears came unbidden to my eyes.  I calmed myself as he
roughly buckled the gag into place along the side of my face.  With that done he
began to remove all of my other bonds.  'You will clean up the table and the
kitchen and then meet me in the computer room.  There I will remove your gag and
you will blow me.  You will not say another word unless I specifically ask you a
question, for the rest of the evening.  Do you understand?'

I nodded my head yes as I stood up and began to complete my assigned tasks.  It
was very difficult to clean and pick up dishes and such as that involved bending
my neck.  Each time I did that it would force the pseudo cock head to rub
against the back of my throat and make me gag.  Once I learned to keep my neck
straight and bend my upper body from the hips to look downward, which was very
similar to what I had to do when wearing a tightly laced corset.  Regardless,
once I had this trick down I could get back to the problem at hand, which was
how to get Greg to change his mind!


The next day dawned bright and clear, yet I was still no closer to an answer.  I
shifted my body to let the hot spray of the shower play over my aching
shoulders.  Greg hadn't been content with my punishment only lasting the half
hour or so it took me to clean up, so after his blow job, he bound me once again
before putting me to bed for the evening.  The single sleeve arm binder that I
had been forced to sleep in had left my shoulders more sore than if I had worked
out with heavy weight for the whole night!  With my ankles tied crossed I was
forced to remain lying on my stomach, which is a position that I hate to sleep
in.  That combined with the uncomfortable arm binder had led to a night of very
little sleep and aching shoulders. 

Stepping from the shower I toweled myself dry and began the process of dressing
for work.  When I was just about finished, with only my earrings to apply, Greg
stopped into the room and crocked his finger in a follow me movement.  I did so
and once again ended up between his knees in the computer room, sucking his cock
while he enjoyed looking at his pictures of me helplessly bound on the monitor
before him. 

I was pissed to high heavens when I was done.  Not, at blowing him, that was
kind of fun.  No, it was my lipstick that ticked me off.  I had just put on
L'Oreals Color Endure lip color, which was supposed to last eight hours, but it
hadn't survived even one blow job!  You would think that those cosmetic
companies would be able to come up with a lipstick that would last through a
blow job, wouldn't you?  Heck, most of there marketing people were probably
women so they had to know about the problem, so why hadn't they found a way to
fix it?  The only product that came close was Revlon's Colorstay Overtime.  And
now I wished that I had thought to wear it, so that I didn't have to totally
clean off my remaining lipstick and apply a totally new coat.

The ride to the office started out quiet, but then Greg began to talk.  'I may
have been a little hard on you last night, but I want you to understand that
when I say no that I mean no.  OK?'

'Yes, Greg' I said evenly, 'I understand.'  I didn't say that I agreed only that
I understood.  You had to go with the letter of the law sometimes and not just
the intent if you were determined to get what you wanted.

'Good', he said satisfied.  'It is just that the amount of training that you
would need would require that we would basically have to do nothing else but
train for the next month or so.  I'm not talking about just evening and
weekends, I'm talking about days too.  That means we would have to quit working
to get enough time to train enough to get us to the point where we could be
contenders.  Darn, I would even need the practice to get back up to my own peak
performance.  I've been out of the rigging game for some time and being behind
the camera isn't the same thing at all.'  Greg shook his head sadly. 

Having him talking me through his thinking was a good sign.  He was now at least
letting me understand where he was coming from and that meant that I still had a
chance.  However I obviously had to be very careful in how I suggested any
changes.  'Greg, can I just ask one question?'

'Yes', he replied warily.

'If you had all the time that we needed do you think that it is even remotely
possible?' I asked very softly.

Greg grunted, 'I suppose that it would be possible.'

'OK', I replied.

'OK?' he asked.

'Yes', I answered him.  'That's all I wanted to know.'  Greg grunted again and
mumbled something about troublesome submissive's as we turned into the parking
lot at work.  I vowed to myself not to say anything else about the contest until
he brought it up again.  With my last little comments I figured that he would be
stewing about the convention for quite awhile.  Further I was going to keep the
issue front and center to Lucinda and the other partners so that he couldn't
help hearing about it.  I smiled to myself and thought of what the lady at the
hardware store had said.  She was right there were plenty of ways for a good
submissive to influence her Top!

Work continued to be a pleasure, but Greg and I did run into one personal snag. 
We had been trying to get ballet boots for this weekend's party, but we weren't
having any luck.  The product closet only showed samples and even if I wanted to
wear them they were three sizes too large.  Even a desperate call to his Dad had
proven useless, it seemed that all of these boots were custom ordered and came
from overseas.  He did have a pair of thigh high's in white patent leather that
were coming in for another customer that he could divert to us, but Greg thanked
him for the thought but refused.  First off he didn't want to risk a $500 sale
for Stanton Enterprises and second he didn't like the way white would look with
my red and black corset.

Lucinda saved the day later that afternoon.  She came by with a large white box
which she placed on my desk.  I looked up from my computer screen and she smile
down at me.  'Ah dear girl' she said smoothly, 'I've heard about your problems
with getting boots for Greg's father's party and I thought that maybe these
would help.'

I opened the lid of the box and pushed aside the soft protective tissue paper. 
I gasped and stuttered, 'My goodness, they are absolutely stunning!'  Inside the
box was a pair of candy apple red patent leather ballet shoes.  The shoes looked
very much like a ballet slipper perched upon a stiletto heel and thoughtfully
provided numerous straps to hold restrain the heavily arched foot into the shoe. 
Across the instep were a crossed set of straps and around the ankle was yet
another strap, both closed with shinning silver buckles. I finally pried my eyes
away from the incredible heels and beamed a smile at Lucinda.  I began to
stutter a vote of thanks then gave up and just leapt from my chair and hugged
her.  'Thank you', I breathed into her ear.  'They are just perfect for the
party.'

Greg's eye had been caught by all of the commotion and soon he was over admiring
the ballet heels also.  'There wonderful Lucinda', he echoed my emotions, 'but
where did you get them?'

Lucinda gently broke away from me and made a dismissive gesture with her hands. 
'It was nothing.  I know that you were looking for boots, and I just thought
that while these aren't exactly boots they would still fit the bill for you
party plans.'  I had picked up one of the shoes and murmured to Greg that I
would never be able to walk in them.  Greg just smiled, but Lucinda answered
first, 'I could train you to walk in them... if you wanted.  Not by the Friday,
but perhaps you would like to learn in the future.'

Before I could answer, Greg smiled and said, 'I think that I'll be training the
lady for sometime to come, but thanks again for the shoes... and the offer.'  He
paused for a minute and asked again, 'But where did you get them?  Heck even dad
couldn't get me a pair in time.'

'Oh, I had had them made for a young woman that I thought would enjoy working
with me.  But I was mistaken, so I was never able to gift her with these.  Now
at least they won't be going to waste.'  Lucinda said lightly, but there was a
gleam in her eye that seemed to be saying something that her words were not.  I
shook it off as she left and Greg and I went back to discussing the wonderful
heels.

The remainder of the week went along smoothly.  I continued my silent campaign
to influence Greg to change his mind, by mentioning different tidbits to each of
the partners about the conference and the people participating in the bondage
contest.  I mentioned how a number of the contestants last year, though not
aligned to any companies products, had still plugged many of these companies
when they described their activities in each of the events.  Mr. Thatcher even
went as far as to say at a group meeting that it was a shame that we didn't have
a couple that we could sponsor for the competition as it would really boost our
sales.  Lucinda agreed and then she and Mr. Harrison ran through the issues,
once again, for all that hadn't heard them previously.  Greg gave me a
questioning look, but didn't say anything to me about it.

The only question that I did ask him about as we practiced for the parties
activities one evening was if he remembered his vow that I would be given "one
unconditional decision" in our relationship.  In essence I had won it as payment
from the bondage challenge back at the hotel a few weekends past.  Oh, I had
definitely lost my bet, where I had said that he couldn't come up with three
exciting bondage sessions with only what was in the hotel room.  My Lord, I had
lost it big time!  There wasn't one of the three bondages that didn't have my
heart pounding and make my pussy beg for attention!  Hmmm, just thinking about
that weekend made me hot... Yes, I had lost, but being such a loving Master he
had granted me my wish as if I had won. 

Fortunately, Greg remembered it well.  After reminiscing about the incredible
sex and bondage he told me that he still was on board with his decision.  Of
course, I should have a say in where we buy our house, the decor or some such
decision and yes, I still had my one "unconditional" pass to be used as I
desired.  He tried to find out if I had chosen my topic for my "pass", but I
maneuvered the subject back to the party until he was totally distracted.  Oh, I
had no doubt that Greg would honor his promise, but I needed him to honor it
body and soul because I could see that what we faced was no simple task.  To
gain this commitment I really needed him to decide that it was the right thing
to do all on his own.  Of course a little push in the right direction never
hurt!

Cassiopeia's Party

The evening of the party found me carrying two cases out to the car.  One was
laden with lingerie, stockings, panties and of course my corset and the other
contained a host of heels, slippers and my new ballet shoes.  Greg was hefting
his bag of tricks, which he had paired down significantly so it would fit in a
leather shoulder bag that was the size of a small duffle.  I couldn't imagine
what he thought that he needed to bring that would be taking up so much room. 
Heck, rope, cuffs, and gags just didn't take up all that much space, but it
wasn't my place to question my Master so I let it slide.

On the drive over Greg began a running commentary reminding me of all of the
things that I should be doing as a proper submissive during the evening.  He
went on to outline how to aid him by moving my body in the proper directions at
the proper times while he was binding me.  Greg specifically wanted to be first
to finish in any of these sessions where the three men would be binding up their
lovers simultaneously.  He had been over all of this ground before when he was
practicing tying me up, but he seemed intent on showing his father and Mr.
Thatcher that he was as good as them and if all went perfectly, that they would
acknowledge him as the 'best'.

'For someone that doesn't want to be in a competition, you seem really
competitive about a simple party', I said lightly with a slight smile just
cresting my lips.

Greg looked over at me for a second and frowned, 'I realize that that little
quip was directed at the bondage competition, but I'm going to let that slide
for a minute.'  He looked back to the road as a smile spread across his face. 
'Yes, I am competitive about this party, because to me this is like getting into
the worlds series for the first time.  Dad has been my hero for years and years. 
Sure I rebelled a bit in order to find out who I wanted to be, but I never
thought that he wasn't a good dad or for that matter a top notch Master.'  His
face turned thoughtful before he went on.  'It was dad's relationship with Cassy
that taught me what it was to be a Master.  Dad and I didn't talk outright about
it, except for a couple of times over too many beers, but Cassy and I talked
about it quite a bit.'  He smiled over at me.  'So now I just want to show him
that I've mastered his example and have moved on to gain even greater heights.'

'Wow', I said in surprise.  'That's quite a load to put on your own shoulders
for a simple party!'

He laughed, 'No problem baby, it would take a small miracle for either of those
gents to beat an ex-rigger.'  Greg turned serious once more before continuing. 
'Now, as to us competing in the competition at the convention, I have been
thinking about it and I do see your point.  I'm still working my mind around the
issues involved in even attempting such a thing, but I am rescinding my command
forbidding you to talk of it to me.  Would you like to talk about it now?'

'I'm... ah...' I stumbled for words.  I hadn't expected this change at all.  I
shut my mouth which was hanging open like a hooked fish pulled out of the water. 
Nothing I could think of to say at the moment would help change his mind, so I
did my best to be pleasing.  'No, thank you Master.  I appreciate the offer but
I think that we have enough on our plate for the moment with wining you your
wings at this party.  Afterwards, if you wish, we can talk of it.'

Greg pulled into his parent's driveway and after bringing the car to a stop,
looked over at me.  His eyes were burning, but not with anger.  No they were
burning with what I could only classify as desire or perhaps love.  He stroked
my left cheek gently and then began to softly run his fingers though my hair. 
'You've truly taken to this life like a duck to water, haven't you?' He asked me
in a way that needed no answer.  'You are my perfect princess, my perfect lover
and it makes my heart leap when I think of you as my perfect love slave.  For
though your are a babe in the woods in this world, it is as if you have found
yourself, for not even someone experienced in this life could have said that any
better than you just did.'  He leaned over and kissed me gently on the lips. 
'You do me proud baby.'

Tears of happiness welled in my eyes and I blinked them back as I whispered
huskily in the only voice that I could manage, 'Thank you Master.'


Cassy and Sam greeted us at the door they were still in their street clothes
also, which made me feel right at home.  Cassy shrieked as she hugged me, 'Isn't
this great!  That bum of a husband of mine only told me this morning, but I do
love him dearly for setting this all up.  This is going to be so much fun!'  I
don't know what she was like as a teenager, but with her small elfin frame and
with the words flying out of her mouth in that happy / excited way she
definitely reminded me of some of my friends from those slumber parties of long
ago.  Each of the women grabbed one of my bags in one hand and then braced me on
either side as they led me upstairs to the master bedroom.

I gave Greg a last look and shrugged my shoulders at him in resignation as they
dragged me off.  He just smiled and gave me a wave as his father put his arm
around his shoulder and a drink into his hand. 

Walking into Cassy's bedroom I couldn't help but gasp.  The room was filled with
lingerie, gowns, corsets, shoes, boots and slippers.  They were hanging from
doors, lying on the bed, over bureaus, heck they were everywhere!  'My
goodness', I said finding my voice.  'It's pretty easy to see what companies
your husbands work for!'

'Oh, this is just the tip of the ice berg', Cassy said in that southern drawl of
hers that I found so difficult to associate with her euro-Asian looks. 'Arch has
given me enough lingerie over the years that I could wear a different piece
every night and still not have worn the same one twice for an entire year!'

'Michael is the same way', Samantha added.  'Yet somehow he remembers every
piece, because every once in awhile he will ask me to wear some obscure outfit
that I hadn't worn in ages!'  She waved to the left.  'Now, my stuff is over
here to the left and Cassy's is draped across the middle of the room, leaving
you the chaise lounge, the vanity and a couple of chairs.'

'Will that be enough room honey?' Cassy asked in a concerned voice.  'I could
always move some of my things.'

I laughed as I held up my one bag.  'Ladies, I barely have a dozen outfits with
me, a few of which are so revealing that they hardly take up any room at all, so
I am sure that that there will be plenty of room.'  In minutes we were all
laughing together while we unloaded my small case.  The women, gave out some
'ews' and 'ahs' and gabled about some of the items that we all had in common. 
It didn't surprise me to find that they had some of the same outfits as me, with
such large collections how could we fail to have a number in common.  What did
surprise me was that both women had every one of the outfits that I had brought
with me!

'This is great', Sam and Cassy cried together.  'We can all wear the same
outfits or at the very least very similar ones, in different colors, when our
Lords and Master decide what they want us to wear!'  We finished arranging all
of my outfits across the lounge like couch in the corner of the huge room and
lined up my even larger selection of heels and slippers beneath it.  Cassy loved
my leather kid skin slippers and we exchanged vendor names as she told me where
she had her custom satin slippers made.  Samantha was much more into high heeled
satin slides than the soft ballet slippers as she said that her husband simply
had to have her in heels during a session.  'Oh and he just delights in tying
them to my feet', she laughed as she held up one of my marabou feather tufted
satin slides.  'It's as if he really believes that I would take them off if I
had the chance.  Why would I want to do that?' She asked us, to which we both
just shook our heads in the negative.  'Exactly, my thoughts' she exclaimed. 
'It makes him happy and he makes me happy, so why would I want to upset the
apple cart?'

'Ah', Cassy said with a smile.  'Perhaps it is not that he doesn't trust you,
but more that he just likes to tie the sandals to your feet!'  She lifted the
hem of her skirt to show the distinct lines made by tightly applied rope
circling her upper thighs.  'Just this afternoon, while we were playing, Arch
tied my thighs together at nearly crotch level.  Now there was no way that I was
going to escape after he had me tied at the ankles, and above and below the
knees.  So the additional bindings at my thighs were put there just because he
wanted to and... of course... because he knew that he could do with me whatever
pleased him!'  Cassy smiled and licked her lips like a cat.  'Yummy, thought
isn't it!'  We all laughed together and then told similar stories like girls at
a sorority party.

As we were chatting away happily, a buzzing sound filled the air.  Cassy rose
from the chair which she had been sitting in and went over to the intercom built
into the end table next to the bed.  'Yes Sir, what can we do for you?'

Mr. Stanton's voice came through the twin speakers remarkably clearly, 'We are
ready for you ladies to come and join us', he said jovially.  'In fact if you
would be so kind as to all come dressed in baby dolls, stockings and heels it
would be greatly appreciated.'

'Yes Sir', Cassy answered her husband deferentially.  'We will be there as soon
as we are decent.  Opps, or perhaps I should say as soon as we are indecent, as
per your gentlemen's wishes!' 

We could hear all of the men laughing through the speakers and then Arch said,
'That will be fine tinkerbell.  We will see you shortly.'  The sound of the
men's voices cut off abruptly as we both stared at Cassy in askance.

Cassy blushed and then blurted out.  'He thought that I was petite and magical
and I always wore those little satin ballet slippers so he named me tinkerbell.' 
We both began to laugh and she got even redder, 'What, your Master's didn't give
you slave names?'  She was obviously a bit angry and I didn't in anyway want her
to feel that way.

'Oh yes, Cassy', I answered her swiftly as I wiped the smile off of my face. 
'Greg just gave me my slave name... although I like to think of it as my love
slave name... I'm baby.'

'Michael named me angel years ago', chimed in Samantha.  'Though he swears he
should change it to vixen sometimes!'  That broke the mood and we all looked
from one to the other and than in unison circled into a big group hug.  I loved
being Greg's love slave, but there was something really special about feeling
that I wasn't the only one.  Knowing that Sam and Cassy loved and were loved by
their Masters / husbands removed the last vestiges in my mind that I was perhaps
doing something wrong.  Conversely, as we broke our hug and I looked into my
sisters in bondage eyes, I had never felt so at peace and assured of my new
position in life.

Cassy, being the eldest, took charge at that moment.  She turned to me and said,
'Why don't you pick the outfit honey and we will copy you.' 

I had already been thinking of just what baby doll to pick, knowing how it would
thrill my master.  I picked up one of the baby dolls off of the chaise lounge. 
'This one would be perfect.  Greg loves seeing me in red', I told them as I held
up a velvet red mini-gown, 'and with white ribbon trim it will go perfectly with
my white fishnet stockings and my red patent leather sandals.'  I slid out of my
clothing in seconds letting it pool by my feet and then shimmied into the sexy
night gown.  The top was too tight and padded which forced my breasts together
and upwards creating a lovely bit of cleavage between my smooth twin tanned
mounds.  I unraveled the fishnets swiftly up my legs and clamped them solidly
into pace with the red garters dangling from beneath the flowing hem that
circled my hips.  While I worked on the front clasps I felt Cassy and then
Samantha working on the opposite garter clasps at the back of my legs.  The two
of them then went to work straightening out the seams that were always such a
pain when you had no one to help you.  I can't remember how many times I had
been bent over nearly double in recent weeks, looking at a full length mirror
from between my legs while I worked feverishly to make sure the stockings seams
were straight.  Having Cassy and Sam's help it took only seconds to achieve what
often took me up to ten minutes! I picked up a pair of crotch-less red lace
panties in one hand and my pair of spiked heeled sandals in the other and went
over to the vanities chair.

'My, my, my', Cassy said with a smile of approval.  'You are really starting out
will all the big guns aren't you!'

'Hugh, what do you mean?'  I asked innocently.

'Well, unless I miss my guess that baby doll is a size too small which is what
is making it squeeze and shape your bosom into that shape that is bound to make
grown men drool in delight.' Cassy said nonchalantly.

I blushed a little as I looked down at my breasts.  She was exactly right, it
was a size to small and I knew it when I picked it out.  No, it wasn't the most
comfortable fit, but the effect it had on Greg's libido was well worth a little
discomfort.  Besides, I had no intention of sleeping in this gown as its job was
to fill a much more interesting need in my wardrobe.

Cassy continued before I could say anything.  'Oh and those panties... hmmm,
hmmm, hmmm.'  She grinned at me like a small feral feline and I knew that
something was expected of me, but I couldn't figure out what.

Samantha hopped on the bandwagon, 'Oh and those six inch Exposed sandals.
Couldn't have started out those five inch red satin slides with the puff of red
feathers, hmmm?'

At first I was wondering if I had done the right thing by picking out my outfit
without their input, but then I saw them giving little secret glances to each
other.  They were pulling my leg!  The little imps!  I put the heels down at the
foot of the chair and stood up straight until my full five feet seven inch frame
was towering over them.  In clipped tones, straight from my old sainted grammar
school principle I told them, 'My master loves to see me in red and white.  They
are two of his favorite colors and I love to please him, hence my choice of
colors.  The open crotch panties are because he likes to have me available to
him at anytime and while I know that this isn't a sex party, I don't see any
reason to take that liberty away from him.  As for the heels...'  I couldn't
help myself and broke down into strangled laughter.  I continued in a light
laughing voice... 'As for the heels, well they are the only ones that high that
I can walk in without killing myself!'

We all laughed and Sam shouted, 'You go girl!'  I guess it had been a kind of
initiation test.  Cassy and Sam had probably known all of each others secrets
and now they had this still wet behind the ears newbie to play with... me. 
Cassy opened her arms and I moved into her hug.  She was surprisingly strong as
she pulled me to her and buried her chin into the top of my breasts.  'Oh, you
and my Greg are going to make a fine pair!  That spirit of yours will keep him
coming back for more time and time again, I will guarantee you that!'  She
stepped away from me and I could see that there were tears in her eyes as she
looked up at me.  'I guess that I am going to have to stop thinking about him as
my Greg, aren't I?'  She asked me softly and I nodded my head yes, in agreement. 
Reaching out her hands, I met her half-way and our fingers intertwined as they
met.  'I was never his mother, because that part of him died in that terrible
auto accident, but I have always loved him like one.'  Her eyes pooled with
water until finally the tears ran down her cheeks.  'You know he still calls me
from time to time and let me tell you that that boy loves you like he has loved
no other.'  I felt my own eyes tearing.  I already knew that Greg loved me, but
knowing he told Cassy was really special.  'Now I know I'm not really his
mother, but I couldn't be anymore happy for the two of you if I were!'  We
hugged again and I found my own tears cascading down my cheeks as I thanked her
and told her how happy her acceptance made me feel.

Thank God, for Samantha.  She hugged us both and brought us back to reality. 
'Ladies, times 'a wasting and our men folk are expecting us down stairs pronto. 
So we had best put a wiggle on, especially with you two having to fix your
makeup also!'

Cassy led the way into the living room where the men were standing around the
wet bar conversing.  I smiled in delight as I saw them all look up in unison as
we sashayed into the room in size order.  As we had discussed Cassy reached a
point about six feet from the men and stopped in place.  There she spread her
legs and planted her hands on her hips as Samantha moved to her left and I to
her right and completed the same maneuver. 

Cassy's baby doll was hunter green with white trim, which really worked with her
dark hair and petite euro-Asian features.  She also wore suntan seamed stockings
with her white patent leather sandals.  Sam wore the same outfit in maroon with
black lace trim and black textured stockings that were covered with woven roses. 
This worked well with her auburn hair and she wore her Exposed sandals in black
patent.  We stood there not saying a word, simply smiling at our respective men. 

'My, my, my, Michael I thought that you cancelled the call for those high priced
hookers', Arch said with a chuckle.

'Oh, but I did, Arch.  These lovely ladies must be our lovely ladies.  Don't you
think so Greg?'  Mr. Thatcher said playing straight man to Mr. Stanton
perfectly.

'Oh, I certainly hope so', responded Greg earnestly.  'Otherwise I would be
diving behind the bar because I would have thought that we were be being
attacked by the fembots!' 

The men laughed at my man's lame joke regarding the latest Austin Powers movie,
but looking over at my girl friends I did realize that all we needed were the
feathered tufted slippers to qualify.  In seconds, I was in Greg's arms and he
was hugging me and running his fingers through my hair.  'You are absolutely
gorgeous', he whispered in my ear as the other men greeted there wives in
similar manners. 

Greg's dad stepped back from the group and began in a loud and happy voice,
'Thank you all for coming to Cassy's birthday party.  I won't boar you with how
old she is but I will say that everyday that I have known her she has brought
nothing but happiness and tranquility into my life.  She is the sun and the moon
to me and is the Goddess of my dreams...'  You would think that being dressed as
she was in front of a room full of people that she couldn't get anymore
embarrassed, but none-the-less Cassy blushed deeply at her husband and Masters
words.  '... and because she is so special to me I wanted to find a way to show
her how I feel.  Cassy has been telling me of her dreams of being amongst a
group of intimate friends where she is bound along side of other ladies, so this
seemed the best way to make her fantasies into reality.  Hence our first,
hopefully annual, bondage birthday party was born.'  He turned to his wife and
bowed, 'Is there anything that you would like to add darling?'

Cassy walked directly up to Mr. Stanton and even with her six inch heels needed
to stand on tip toes in order to give him a happy peck on the lips.  'Thank you
Archibald', she said in her very southern accent that could at times seem a bit
disconcerting coming from her beautiful Asian features.  'This is one of the
happiest days of my life and you do me a great honor by deigning to make my
dreams into reality.'  She lowered her eyes and continued, 'With that said Sir,
I believe that it is time that we start our little games so where would you
gentlemen like your willing servants to start?'

'We will be starting with hors d'oeurves first, which will be served at three
different stations.  In order for you ladies to each be able to sample each of
these snacks we will be playing a sort of round robin type of affair.  Once you
have been bound at a given station, you will remain bound for roughly a half and
hour, while we gentlemen feed you the prepared delicacy.  Then you will be
released and moved to the next station to be bound, this will continue until
each of you has been able to taste each of the three types of treats.'

'After our snacks and conversation we will adjourn to the dining room where you
ladies will be bound to your chairs and fed by your loving and indulgent
Masters.'

'The finale of the evening will be the bringing to life of Cassy's dream where
you lovely ladies will be bound and suspended in the playroom, which is better
known to some of you...'  I noticed Arch looking directly at his son Greg who
smiled back at him '...as our private dungeon.'

Arch turned to his wife and asked, 'Does this all meet with your approval
tinkerbell?'

Cassy had a huge smile on her face, but she kept her voice meek as she
responded, 'Oh, yes Sir.  Thank you very much.'

He hugged his lovely wife and then took her hand and walked her over to a well
padded lounge chair.  Michael took Sam's hand and walked her over to a padded
bar stool.  Greg came to me, smiled and held out his hand.  I put my hand in his
strong palm and he led me over to Victorian style love seat.

I had noticed that Samantha also referred to Michael as 'Sir' and this begged a
question.  'Do you wish to be called Sir or Master tonight, Master?  I ask
because the other ladies seem to be calling their gentlemen Sir.'  I asked with
my eyes appropriately lowered.

'When in Rome baby...' he replied with a chuckle.  'Yes you may refer to me as
Sir tonight.  Although I do much prefer to be called Master, so this is only for
this special occasion.'

'Yes Sir', I replied happily, feeling now much more like one of the girls.

'I'll be hogtying you with a crotch rope so be a good girl and lift up your hem
so I can put the noose about your waist,' Greg ordered me. 

I knew that he wanted to be first in every tie, because he wanted to show his
dad and Michael just how good he was.  He had talked about this at length so I
responded as quickly as I could, pulling up the hem of my short gown to offer
him the soft firm flesh of my belly.  The folded rope was passed about my middle
and the ends fed through the eye, which he tightened so that it resided directly
below my belly button.  The twin ropes slid between my legs and I felt him slip
the ends under the rope at my back.

He left the ends hanging loosely behind me as he kissed my hair lightly, 'You
are a good girl to remember to wear your crotch-less panties.  I know that you
were shy about this, but I see that you followed my direction.'  His hand made a
waving motion towards the couch, 'Now onto your stomach and I'll need you hands
behind your back'.

I nearly leapt onto the couch putting my arms behind my back and bending my
knees to raise my ankles to an easier position for him to bind me.  His praise
made me shiver. He handed it out so infrequently regarding my duties as his
slave that I often wondered if I was meeting up to his expectations.  He was
often effusive about my sexual prowess, but receiving this type of praise put me
on cloud nine.  'Oh, thank you Mast... Sir', I said so happily even to my own
ears I sounded like a re-run of Barbara Eden playing Genie!  'When I showed the
other women what I was wearing they all followed suit just to make me feel
comfortable.'

All the time that I was talking Greg was working quickly to bind my legs at both
the ankles and the knees.  My wrists were secured swiftly, palm to palm and I
gasped in pain as he bound my arms together tightly above my elbows.  Thank God,
he didn't make my elbows touch, he had done this to me once before and I found
it really painful.  This time he must have left them a good five or six inches
apart, which was still uncomfortable but that was par for the course.  It
actually made me a bit horny to feel him tightening the ropes about my body,
making me more and more helpless... more and more his.  As he pulled my crotch
rope tight and attached the ends to my ankles, I felt my pussy pulse with
frustrated desire.  My God it was going to be a long evening if we weren't going
to be allowed to cum all night!

I thought that he was done with his tie when I felt him pulling my hair into a
pony tail.  This was unusual but Greg as my Master didn't often feel the need to
tell me what he was doing with my helpless body.  This worked for me as the
excitement of not knowing exactly what he was going to do next kept my engine
revving in high gear!  'Ow... Ow', I protested softly as he twisted a rope into
my blond locks and pulled on it a few times to make sure that it was taut.  In
seconds I found my head being pulled backwards till it was perpendicular to my
back.  My back and neck ached from the strain, but it did provide me with a
wonderful view of the room.  

Greg slapped my fanny and reminded me to point my toes.  Each time that he put
me in a hogtie, regardless of how high the heels that he made me wear, he always
made me point my toes so that my foot was arched as if I were standing in them. 
It was so easy to let my feet rest in a bent position and much less stressful,
yet I couldn't believe that I had failed in remembering such a little thing.  My
cheeks burned in embarrassment as I noticed the other men looking my way.  The
women also turned to me, but there looks were much more comforting.

'There, there my love', Greg crooned quietly into my ear as he ran his hands
lightly over my thigh, down my stocking and then returned upwards to play with
my garter.  'The other ladies have been doing this for many years, in time you
will never make such a gaff, just as they have learned to acceded to their
Masters wishes.'  His tone hardened as he continued, 'Of course if you do make a
habit of forgetting what I have taught you than I promise you that your
punishments will make sure that you do not soon forget again!'  I cringed until
his voice returned to the loving softness caressing my ears, 'It is hard for me
to believe however, that that will ever be necessary as you have proven to be a
most adequate student of or our little dance.'  With that he gave my rear a
stinging love tap and kissed me on the cheek.  'Besides baby, look about you, we
were first as I wished so I am very pleased with you.'

The ache in my shoulders, arms, neck and arches faded into insignificance those
simple six words 'I am very pleased with you'.  Now it was as if my eyes had
opened for the first time and I viewed our neighboring couples. 

Cassy was bound lying in her lounge chair.  Arch had used a host of leather
straps to wrap her body up as if making her into an ancient Egyptian mummy.  Her
arms were bound tightly to her sides and her ample breasts were being squeezed
outward and upward making them more predominant than normal.  He was just
finishing up with her calves and ankles and I noticed that she had remembered to
keep her toes pointed in her high heeled sandals!  She looked completely at ease
in her bindings and I noticed her gazing longingly at her husband's hands as he
completed her incarceration.  I'll just bet that she was wishing the same thing
as me... that our lovers would use their wonderful hands to bring us to orgasm
versus just binding us.  I also wondered if she regretted not making her desires
more transparent.  No, I did not want to be involved in group sex.  I had no
desire to make love to another man or woman than my Master, but now that we were
all helpless I was not adverse to each of the men tending to their own women's
needs.

Samantha's gasp forced me to swing my eyes in her direction.  She was seated on
a leather padded bar stool with dark mahogany legs.  Her predicament was much
like the one that I had faced not that many weeks ago, when I had been the judge
and jury of the two men's prowess at bondage.  Sam's arms were bound behind her
in a single sleeve which appeared to be laced tightly up her back.  A posture
collar encircled her throat causing her to keep her head upright and not
allowing her to shift her head from side to side.  Michael had bound her legs
together tightly above the knees, but her gasp had do to his finishing bindings. 
Rather than tie her ankles together, as he had with me, he was tying them to
opposite legs, which only allowed the toes of her feet to rest on the brass bar
ring of the chair.  Her gasp was obviously unintended as she nearly fell as her
sandals slipped on the gleaming brass.  Once he had her reseated safely, Michael
fixed this by winding a long rope about her thighs and the seat of the chair,
firmly securing her once and for all.

My fellow submissive's looked utterly beautiful.  It wasn't just the sexy way
they were dressed or the bonds, no it was the looks on their faces.  The look of
total acceptance... no, it was more than that, it was total contentment and this
stirred my emotions deep within my soul.  A warmth of belonging grew gradually
within me as their example made it plainly clear to me that there was nothing
wrong with me.  Giving up my freedom to my lover and Master so that I could
truly be happy was as natural as the sun rising for me, yet I had always
wondered if I was the only one that felt this way.  Now I knew the truth.  God,
I could only hope that I looked as lovely and as content as they!

With all of us bound appropriately Mr. Stanton clapped his hands together and
asked, 'What would you lovely ladies like to drink?  This is a party you know!'

Cassiopeia piped up first and answered, 'Sir, if it pleases you I would like a
white wine spritzer.'

Samantha nodded her head and said, 'The same for me Sir'.

I was truthfully thinking of having straight white wine.  Greg said his father
had an extensive wine cellar and I had truly wanted to sample some of his better
vintages.  However, Cassy and Sam where much more experienced than I, so I
decided to take their lead.  'Thank you Sir, could you make it three please', I
responded respectfully.

'Coming right up ladies', he said.  A few minutes later I heard something being
moved over to my right.  The way my head was bound I couldn't turn it without
pulling painfully at my hair.  I swiveled my eyes as much as possible and saw
Greg setting up a stand next to me that looked a lot like a medical IV holder. 
From the arm dangled a bottle that looked a bit like those that a hamster or
gerbil would have to dispense water in their cage.  He set up the contraption so
that it was right by my lips and secured the bottle in place with another clamp
secured to the stand.  Tentatively I reached out with my tongue and touched the
end of the straw like nozzle.  Sure enough the few drops on the end tasted like
wine.  Sucking on the straw yielded a steady stream of the bubbly mixture.

Arch went around to each of the men and handed them an individual tray of hors
d'oeurves. Greg picked up one and slid it over to my lips.  I bit down on the
spicy brie on the whole wheat cracker and munched away happily.  I really hadn't
realized how hungry I was until just then and now I felt ravenous.

'So how are you to settling in?' Cassy asked Greg and I in a totally normal
voice that belied the fact that her freedom had been impinged upon.

'Absolutely wonderful', Greg replied with enthusiasm.  'The apartment is a tad
on the small side for the two of us so we did start looking at houses this
weekend.  It was a fun though tiring day, but we did see a couple of really
great possibilities in Chappaqua.'  While Greg went on I noticed a knowing
glance pass between Cassy and Arch.  Arch gave a slight nod and Cassy returned
her attention to her stepson.  My man was oblivious to this small part of the
drama, but I wondered what it meant.  Greg continued, 'Sharon... baby... has
been incredible about opening her home to me.  She is an unbelievably good cook
and she has even given me a quarter of her walk-in closet!'

'You gave him a quarter of your closet?' Samantha asked with a look of complete
disbelief.  'You are entirely too generous, honey.  Master or no Master an
eighth is all he deserves!'  Greg chuckled as the other two men raised there
glasses seemingly in respect to him getting such a large concession from me.

'Perhaps you're right, I may have given up too much of my valuable closet
space', I said in a serious tone.  Then I smiled and changed my tone to that of
a beloved aunt describing her nephews beautiful chubby cheeks, 'Oh but he looks
so good in those cute little polo shirts of his that it makes it all
worthwhile!'  It actually hurt to laugh in my current position and I said so to
Greg.

'Serves you right, you vixen', he told me with no heat in his voice, 'cute polo
shirts indeed!'  He folded his arms to emphasize his disdain for my comment,
causing me to laugh even harder.  The whole group joined in our laughter and the
small talk of a normal party continued under these very unusual circumstances. 
I wouldn't have minded being hogtied if it hadn't been for the rope wrapped into
my hair.  Laughing, swinging my head from side to side heck just about any
movement caused me to feel like I was pulling the hair out of my head.  But
Cassy and Greg's father made it all worthwhile.

During a lull in the conversation Cassy turned to Greg and remarked, 'I see that
you are still as fast as you ever were, perhaps even faster.  Of course I also
see that you also have a very willing and fast learner as your partner which is
a great help.'

Greg started to reply, but stopped when his father broke in.  'Fast, you say...
fast nothing the boy is greased lightening!  Besides that just look at that rope
work it's absolutely flawless!'  He walked over to me and started pointing out
how the coils were perfectly placed and just the proper amount of tightness. 
How he'd formed my body into a perfect bow shape which allowed a wonderful view
of my pert cleavage.  I blushed brightly as he went on extolling Greg's work, my
body and even praised me for holding my form (toes pointed) so well.

'A chip of the old block, eh Arch?' asked Michael with a chuckle.

Arch clapped Greg on the shoulder and said, 'No Mike, I think Greg is more than
that.  I think that he has surpassed his old man.'  He rested his other hand on
my head.  'You've really come into your own son and you two make one heck of a
great couple.'

Greg hugged his father and said, 'Thanks Dad.  That really means a lot to me.' 
I couldn't see his face, but I could hear the near tears in his voice.  For
myself I could feel the tears of happiness running unchecked down my cheeks. 

'That was really sweet honey', Cassy said to her husband, 'but don't you
worry... you will always do it for me!'

'I must have missed this episode of Father Knows Best', Samantha added in a
light tone. 'But I'm darned if this couldn't pass for one!'

'Oh I know the episode that you're talking about', chimed in her husband
Michael.  'That was where Beaver and Wally tie up there girl friends, while June
is tied up by her husband!' 

'That never happened on the show', I told them disdainfully. 'I've seen all of
the re-runs on TV land.'  Changing the subject, I asked, 'Do you know what the
worst thing ever said on Father Knows Best was?'  They all shook their heads no. 
'It was when June said to her husband, Ward I think you were a little hard on
the Beaver last night!'  Everyone cracked up at my grade school humor. 

The conversation ebbed and flowed and it wasn't until Greg started to release me
from my bonds that I realized just how strained my back had been.  It was as if
the party atmosphere had distracted me from the pain.  Oh Lord did it feel good
to be able to rest my aching neck and my pussy was so very happy to be free of
the twin ropes that had been cutting me in half.  I stretched and sat up as the
last of the ropes came off of my legs.  All of the other women were also being
released and I went to move to the next station where I would be bound, but Greg
put a restraining hand on my shoulder.

'Take it easy baby', he said to me softly.  'You've been tied for over half an
hour and your legs might not be ready to support your weight just yet.  Besides
Cassy and Sam haven't been freed yet so there is no need to do anything but
rest.'  I murmured my thanks and rested my head against his thigh.  He was right
on the money with his advice as now that I was sitting up my legs were starting
to feel that pins and needles feeling of circulation returning to them. 

Shortly, everyone was ready and we moved over to the next station, which for me
was the lounge that Cassy had been tied upon.  Arch had left all of the straps
very neatly placed on a small table besides the chair and Greg reached for these
immediately. 

'I'd like you to stand while I bind you', Greg told me softly as he started to
fit my neck into the collar that formed the start of an inter-locking set of
straps which I knew would be used to immobilize my upper body.  I had seen Mr.
Stanton tying Cassy up while she sat or lay in the chair and my first
inclination was to question Greg as to why he wanted to tie me differently, but
I was beginning to learn my place so I held my tongue.  This web was similar to
the model that we had played with recently back at the office and he was quick
to buckle me into it.  As he passed the strap between my legs he let his fingers
play about my pussy for just a few seconds before he moved on.  Despite the
seemingly matter-of-fact nature of this whole event, being bound and helpless
was turning me on to the point that I was feeling like there was a fire slowly
building within my body.  His teasing fingers almost knocked me off my sky high
heels and he had to catch me as I swayed and my knees weakened. 

A quick slap to the rump, brought me back under control, I regained my balance
and resumed standing as I had been directed.  Greg chuckled, 'My, my, my, just a
little bit on the excitable side are we?'

'I need you, Sir', I replied softly, desperately. 

'I do so love that about you baby', he told me equally softly as he buckled
leather cuffs about my wrists and thighs and attached them together with
closable chain links.  'But you must persevere as there will be no cumming
unless I order it.  Is that clear?'

'Yes Master', I replied resignedly and then quickly amended in a truly
frightened voice, 'Excuse my gaff, Sir.  Yes, Sir.'

Greg chuckled as he completed lashing the fourth strap surrounding my legs.  He
picked me up in his strong warm arms and laid me gently on the beautiful floral
pattern of the comfortable lounge.  'I promise not to punish you for gaffs such
as that baby.  This is a party and while I would be disappointed in you for not
doing your absolute best not to make such mistakes, I will not hold them against
you tonight.'  He smiled at me as he put my drinking bottle next to my lips,
'However you would be punished just as normal if you do not follow my orders,
quickly and precisely.'

'Yes, of course Sir.  Thank you Sir.'  I told him gratefully, then I couldn't
help but add softly, 'I love you Sir'.

This position was much more comfortable and gave my body a chance to rest from
the aches and pains of my earlier predicament.  I watched as Michael completed
tying Sam into the hogtie station that I had just vacated.  He used a rope
harness about her shoulders to achieve the bow shape with his lover's body. 
Also her arms were not bound at the elbows and her ankles were attached to the
shoulder harness in line with her wrists. 

Poor Sam, I mused, was really missing out on the lovely pressure that those twin
ropes impaling my lower lips had provided.  Just a little stretching of my leg
muscles every few seconds would allow me to play with my own puss.  Hmmm,
despite the pain it had been yummy.  Heck, the leather strap now bound over my
pussy was totally useless. It moved with my body like a piece of my outfit and
even when I could get it to rub against my clit it didn't provide the pressure
and resistance that I could use to stimulate myself.  Now if Greg had been kind
enough to put a vibrator or even a studded dildo into my heated lower mouth that
strap could have proved very useful, but for now all I felt was frustration.  I
grinned to myself, thinking of how huge my orgasm would be when it finally
came... hours and hours of frustrated excitement let loose... my, my, my, Master
had best step back when he sets off that little bomb!

The small talk and snacks started up again once Sam's hogtie was complete and
Cassy was perched on the barstool like a pretty parakeet. She didn't seem at all
discomfited by the laced single sleeve that bound her arms together and I could
see that Arch had tightened it to the point that her elbows must be matted
together within the grasp of the firm leather. 

'So Sharon what are you looking for in a house?'  Cassy asked me with a smile.

'The truth be told I hadn't given a house much thought at all before Greg
started to talk about them', I told her earnestly.  'Now that I have seen a few
of them though, I'm kind of eager to start putting our mark on one of them and
really making it our own!'  I had been intentionally vague, but Cassy would have
none of it she wanted specifics.  'What I would really like is to have a room
like each of you has you know a sexual playroom built with Greg's every desire
and my every need in mind.'  My face flushed, but the others were not
embarrassed more there looks told me to continue.  'There was one house with a
hidden room behind the master bedroom which seemed just perfect.  The heavy
paneling and the exposed dark wood beams overhead would provide just the right
setting.  And those electric black out shades on the two sky lights, incredible! 
Heck, with those skylights he could bake me bound in the hot sun with no one the
wiser or make the room pitch dark in the middle of the day and bind me by candle
light!'  My face felt flushed and I worked hard to resettle my excited
breathing.  'Besides that I loved the great big state of the art kitchen and
that long winding wooded driveway.'

Arch shook his head and chuckled much like his son was want to do.  'Well, I
must say that it's nice to see a young lady who has her priorities set
correctly.  Sex first and foremost, stomach second and beauty an important, yet
lesser, third.'

Greg reached down an inter-twined his fingers with mine.  'Yes, baby', he said
as he kissed me gently on my forehead.  'My dad is right.  Your mind is so
wonderfully prioritized and fertile that I feel honored to call you my own.'

Michael and Sam jumped in, talking about there first house and the first time
that Michael had ever set about creating their own 'playroom'.  It seems that he
wasn't all that good with electronics and his first attempt at suspending her
using a couple of electric winches resulted in blowing the entire houses circuit
breaker!  His wood working was also questionable and his early hand made bondage
chair, the one without a seat so as to provide easy access to her pussy, caused
her many an uncomfortable splinter.  The way she and her husband told the
stories caused all of us to laugh and I knew if not for my bonds that I would be
rolling on the floor!

The half-hour respite passed quickly and I hardly noticed the shrimp toast
canopies that Greg popped into my mouth, from time to time.  He had me out of
those straps before the other men had even really begun to free their wives. 
While the rest of them were all occupied, Greg began to whisper how amazing I
looked into my hair as he searched for my ear.  When he found it he nibbled on
my lobe, forcing a groan of contentment from deep within my throat.  My hand
slid down his flat stomach and lightly passed over his penis, which jumped
appreciatively within his pants at my touch.  His large hand cupped my left
breast as he gave it a gentle squeeze. Slipping his thumb and fore finger
beneath my bodice he played with my hardening nipple.  My eyes closed in sexual
delight as my pussy flared up like a furnace that is having its billows pumped
by the blacksmith.  'I haven't given you permission to cum yet, baby, so
restrain yourself', Greg told me softly as he pulled away.

My eyes flew open and I looked about me as I began to remember just where I was. 
My body was still betraying me as my loins felt like they were burning.  I
guessed this is what it must feel like for a smoker that hasn't had a puff in a
while and someone else keeps waving a pack in their face.  'Oh, fiddlesticks!' I
said stamping my foot like a petulant little girl.

Greg chuckled and kissed me on the forehead, 'Patience, baby, patience.'  Taking
my hand he led me to the stool that had just been vacated.  As he picked up the
sleeve, I put my arms behind my back and steepled my fingers in anticipation. 
The still warm leather cupped my hands and then slid up under and about my arms. 
He held it up with one hand as he maneuvered the straps over my shoulders and
buckled them in place.  The heavy leather sleeve hung on me loosely until Greg
got behind me and started working on the laces.

Every time he tightened those thick corset-like laces a waft of leather smell
puffed up about my head.  There is something sensual about the smell of leather
that can't be defined.  Add to this that the lovely fragrance was being heaped
on top of the fact that that same leather was making me more and more helpless
and what you ended up with was an aphrodisiac. I was burning up and I'm sure my
flushed face and quickened breathing was not going unnoticed to my lord and
master.

With a chuckle he ordered me to cross my legs at the knees.  I did so, only to
watch him tie my legs together one on top of the other and then tie my ankle of
my right leg to the calf of my left.  Looping a couple of twin coils over my
hips and under the chair, he bound me tightly to the seat before he finished off
my legs.  Now that he was sure that I wouldn't fall off of the tall stool, he
formed a cuff of rope around my left ankle and then used it to pull my legs to
the left side of the stool and as far to the rear as he could get them. 

Forgetting the strain in my shoulder blades the position really wasn't all that
uncomfortable, however it was perfectly constructed to remove any possibility
that I would be allowed to titillate my own pussy in anyway, shape, or form! 

I smiled up at Greg as he maneuvered my drinking bottle into range of my lips. 
'You are very devious, sir.'

'And you are very beautiful, baby', he told me softly as he wrapped the four
inch posture collar about my neck.  'But you still aren't allowed to cum until I
tell you that you can.'  With that he bent and kissed me full on the lips.  It
was a long lovely lingering kiss that did nothing to cool the fire burning
between my legs.

I watched as Cassy was bound into a sensual pretzel shape.  She wasn't subjected
to the hair pulling treatment that I had received, but her knees were left open
and her ankles crossed in a way that looked pretty uncomfortable.  Like father
like son, Arch added a crotch rope to her bonds as he finished his work.  Lucky
lady, I thought to myself as I looked longingly towards the taut ropes that
split her creamy butt cheeks.  Good Lord, she must be hitting the stair master
hard to keep her butt that firm.  Cassy must have seen me looking in her
direction so she re-opened the conversation by asking what we had been up to
lately.

Since Greg had been so fond of making me uncomfortable I thought that it was
more than time for some pay back.  So I told the story about visiting the
Leather and Lace store on a Sunday morning and playing fashion model to Greg's
photographer.  Then going over to the Stanton Enterprise factory and pulling all
sorts of fun toys out of their inventory, including my little stint as the
gagged and bound bow spirit on the product dolly.  I finished my story off with
a little quip, 'I don't think that I have ever had more lingerie or underwear in
my entire life!  Some of it is still in its boxes and it will probably take me
months before I wear all of it.'

Greg did appear to be blushing a bit, but it was hard to tell under his tan. 
His voice however was as jovial as ever as he added to my story, 'It's a good
thing that I brought you that underwear too, if I remember correctly yours was
missing from the night before.' 

Everyone in the room laughed at that and now I knew for sure that not only women
tell their friends everything!  He was obviously referring to the trip to the
restaurant when my overflowing orgasm had soiled my panties.  I had told the
ladies this story and now it seemed that I had proof that he had told the
gentlemen also. Doing my best to keep my own face from burning red, I said to
him sweetly, 'You should know Master you were the one to ruin them.'  His father
laughed even harder and I wondered if I had gone too far.

Greg shook his head ruefully, 'Alright you got me there doll, but all that
lingerie and underwear that we bought isn't the only thing that we haven't had
time to play with yet.  Hmmm, I think that that heavy braided whip that we
picked up at Dad's warehouse is just about ready for a bit of use to keep a
certain little vixen in line.  What do you think of that baby?'

I lowered my eyes to show my obeisance, but couldn't help but smirking as I
answered, 'I think that I'll love anything that you decide to give me Sir.'

'Ow, that's going to smart', piped in Samantha.  She had the comfortable
lounging position now, but you would never know it the way that her face was
screwed up thinking about the whipping Greg had just promised me. 

'No pain, no gain', jumped in Mr. Thatcher with a smile.  Sam gave her husband a
look but said nothing in response.

Cassy looked at Greg and I, seemingly uncertain of what to say.  I had a feeling
that they were all taking this much too seriously, so I rested my head back
against Greg's chest to show where my loyalty lay. 'Look folks' I said easily. 
'It his decision what he does with me.  You all know that so don't worry about
protecting me.'  I looked up at Greg and smiled, 'I trust him and I don't have
any fear that he won't punish me farther than I deserve, but more importantly
farther than I can stand.'  Greg kissed me again, softly yet with a gusto all
its own.

'Here, here', shouted his father.  Everyone echoed his sentiments and the issue
dropped.  Normal conversation sprang back up, with the men raising their
seemingly unending argument regarding the best medium with which to bind there
lover.  Personally, I was finding that I liked both for it seemed that it was my
helplessness that fueled my fire and not the bindings.  Pleasing Greg, my
master, oh how I loved saying that to myself and being pleased by him once I've
been securely bound was better than anything else that I could think of.  Heck,
it was even better than dark chocolate and I just love really good dark
chocolate.  It had taken me a while to accept this, but now... hmmm, just
thinking of it made me tingle all over.  I shimmied a bit on my seat as that
shiver ran right down my tightly bound back.

Greg nuzzled the underside of my jaw, just above the stiff collar and whispered,
'Perfect, baby, simply perfect.  But don't think that that gets you out of that
whipping I promised you.'

Closing my eyes and letting the fire run through me I responded a tad huskily,
'Yes, Sir, but don't think that I won't enjoy that whipping that you promised
me.'  Greg chuckled and nibbled my ear lobe.  I could hear some of the women and
men talking about young love and knew that they were speaking about us, but it
didn't matter.  All that existed in my world was me being at his tender mercies.

That station passed all too quickly and the portions of the southwestern egg
roll I had been fed seemed just a vague memory.  His caresses and kisses had
once again brought my cunny to a fever pitch that was just begging for release. 
When I was freed of the stool and sleeve, I went to stand and found that I was
unsteady on my feet.  Samantha and then Cassy were there by my side in seconds,
each taking one of my arms at the elbow.

'We've got her Greg', Cassy said easily.  'I think it is time that us girls had
a bathroom break.'

'Good thinking', said Arch happily.  'Long gowns and peignoir sets are the order
of the day for dinner.  Stockings are a must, as are slippers which can be
either flats or mules.'  He smiled at all of us as the other men nodded in
agreement.  'Thirty minutes and not a minute more at which time we will be
expecting you dressed and ready in the dining room.'

We all chorused yes sir as the ladies hustled me upstairs to the bathroom.  Once
we were out of the hearing of our men, Samantha said, 'Now do you see why we
asked for our wine to be mixed with soda instead of taking it straight?'

'Huh', I answered just a bit thickly.

Cassy continued the thought, 'Honey, alcohol and bondage do not mix.  Your blood
isn't circulating so it all seems to go straight to your head.  Add to that to
the six inch heels we are wearing and that could mean some real trouble.'

'Wow, I never thought about that', I answered in astonishment.  'Heck, Greg tied
me up after we had been out and had drinks for the evening, but that was to the
bed and afterwards we just went to sleep.  This is all so new to me.'

'It's a whole new world baby', Cassy said as she gave me a squeeze, 'and from
what I can see I'm sure you are going to love it!'  Sam gave me a squeeze also
and then we took our turns relieving ourselves of the wine.

As I emerged back into the bedroom Cassy was already holding up a black lace
peignoir set, 'OK what do you think ladies?'

Samantha crossed her arms and answered, 'To formal and not enough sex appeal. 
Michael loves Victorian or Grecian long gowns but they have to really show off
my body.'  I just frowned and didn't say anything. It was her party, so I was
willing to take her lead.

Cassy had other thoughts though as she rounded on me, 'Now spit it out. 
Whatever your thinking lets here it we've only got twenty minutes left!'

I was a bit shocked at first but recovered quickly.  'I was just thinking that
we should all use peignoir sets which will give our gentlemen the small coat to
remove before we sit down to dinner.  The gowns we pick should be which ever one
best show off our breasts as that is all that is going to be seen about the
table.'  I paused to see that they were with me and Sam gave me a come-on more
type of motion.  'Personally I was thinking of an Aztec gold Grecian gown which
has a halter top that is open all the way to my waist and leaves my back
uncovered.  It has some black lace trim about the edges and the jacket is of a
light gauzy black mesh, so it will go really well with my black satin slides
with the marabou feathers.'

Cassy was already over in my things and picking up the items.  Then she looked
at me thoughtfully.  'Hmmm... perfect.  I knew that I should get you talking,
you're a natural.'  Her face took on an all business look as she began to put
together the out fit that I had described. 'The deep gold will work really well
with your tan and the five inch heels on these mules with there pretty tuft of
feathers will definitely catch there interest.  Not to mention that your man did
mention them earlier in his little jest, so you are obviously playing into his
hand.'  She turned to me and asked, 'Stockings?'

'Black, seamed with a garter belt', I replied and then blushed in embarrassment. 
'Greg likes garter belts.' I explained.

'What man doesn't?' replied Sam.  'Alright, I have that gown but it is in the
exact same color so we won't all be able to wear matching outfits this time. 
Let's see she's in a deep rich color, I've got a royal blue that would fit the
bill.  The top is cut differently, but it shows off an amazing amount of
cleavage.  It has black trim also, but I'll wear the same mules in blue for
contrast.'  She turned to Cassy, 'How about you birthday girl'.

'Deep scarlet, with a Victorian top that looks like a tube top', she answered
with a smile.  'Arch loves the way it makes my breasts look bigger!'  From her
closet she pulled out a pair of red satin mules also with a puff of feathers,
'These will do for me'.

We all shook our heads in agreement and then we got down to the real work of
changing.  Twenty minutes isn't all that long when you have to remove your high
heels, garters, stocking and night gown then put on a whole new set!  Not to
mention fixing our makeup.  Good Lord that could take twenty minutes all on its
own!  Fortunately Cassy had a huge mirror in her bathroom and we all were ready
just barely in time.  As we walked down the stairs I was happy that my mules
sported a slight platform making them as easy to walk in as four inch heels,
especially as I still felt the effect of the wine.  Cassy seamed to be reading
my mind, 'Water at dinner tonight.  We are going to be in nine inch heels later
this evening ladies so lets be ready for it!'

We walked into the room and once again did our runway model type posing routine. 
Each of our gowns had slits so Cassy bent her knee sexily opening her gown at
the front, while Sam and I had our legs spread, which revealed my right leg to
the hip and her left.  Our gentlemen's eyes devouring our stocking clad legs and
softly sensuous outfits left no doubt that our choices had been right on the
money. 

Arch started a slow loud clapping of his hands, which the other men picked up
until the applause, whistles and cat calls began to get out of hand.  'Alright
gentlemen', he said loudly, 'down boys!'  Returning his admiring gaze to us,
'Cassy you are more beautiful than the day that I met you and ladies I am
shocked to my core at just how lovely you both are.  So once again thank you for
making this party so perfect.'

Sam and I both nodded our heads, and than Greg's dad continued, 'With that said
why don't you ladies sit down and we will prepare you for dinner.'

With a girlish giggle Cassy set off towards her husband, whispering to us, 'This
is the part that I love!'  I knew exactly what she meant as I looked into Greg's
eyes as I walked towards him.  This might not have been the correct thing for a
slave to do, but I didn't want him to forget that I was also his lover and I
sent that message with my eyes, my smile and an exaggerated sway of my hips. 

He smiled back at me and reached out to take my hand which he bowed over
formally and kissed.  'Good evening my lady', he said huskily before he cleared
his throat.  It was nice to see that I was having as much of an effect on him as
he was having on me.  Like the gentlemen he was he held out his hands to take my
wrap.  'If you will be so kind as to sit', he said as he grandly waived me to my
seat, 'I will be happy to put you in your rightful place.'

I made a shortened curtsy as I replied, 'Thank you Sir', before I lowered myself
in to the elaborate Edwardian style chair. The high back and the seat were well
padded in deep golden velvet and very comfortable.  Even the chairs arms were
padded in the same material, which I was very grateful for because I knew that
my arms would be resting there for quite some time.

The chair had been slanted at an angle to the table which gave Greg room to
work.  I didn't bother to watch him and busied myself with seeing what was going
on with Cassy and Samantha.  Michael gave Sam a loving kiss before he began to
work with the ropes neatly coiled in his right hand and Arch was talking quietly
to Cassy as he looked at her adoringly. 

He had just started to run his fingers through her hair, when a touch from below
made my eyes pop wide open.  Greg had just slid something into my sex and was
now in the process of using his fingers to push whatever it was in even further. 
I forced my face back into a relaxed mode and took a casual glance down between
my legs.  There between my spread thighs rested an off-white plastic cylinder
with a single white wire running from it until it disappeared into the folds of
my vagina.  I knew that cylinder well and was well aware that it housed the
batteries that would make the silver oblong egg, now buried deep within me,
vibrate like a school of Mexican jumping beans gone wild.

When he had spread my legs earlier, I thought nothing of it.  He probably wanted
to tie my legs to the opposite chair legs, but now I knew better.  'Devious
Master', I whispered to him with a slight grin.

I closed my eyes and leaned back into the chair as he turned the little toy on. 
It felt wonderful, but I knew from experience that it wouldn't be enough to let
me climax.  Despite that I drank in the delightful thrumming that teased my
cunny back to its earlier fever pitch.  His strong hands pushed my unresisting
legs back together and wrapped my gown neatly about me hiding the device from
any prying eyes.  It was nearly silent and it as if my ears felt it rather than
actually heard it.  Certainly no one a yard away could hear my little tormentor,
so Greg had really gotten me good this time.  At the moment I just didn't care
as I ate up the gorgeous feelings coming from my love canal.

Greg had me trussed up in mere minutes.  My legs were wrapped in no less than
four coils of rope.  The last running over my thighs bound me tightly to the
chair seat.  The golden gown gathered prettily between each set of ropes and he
seemed pleased by the look he had created.  My waist had been invaded by four
strands of rope that dug tightly into my stomach and pushed my back firmly into
the chair.  He took special care of my chest, quickly building a net that
encircled both of my breasts.  By tightening it strategically at the base of
each mound, he was able to achieve that balloon like look that I had recently
been introduced to without even baring my breasts. 

Between the egg and the loving attention he was paying to my mammary glands my
nipples decided it was time to stand up and be noticed.  I watched through
half-opened eyes as they made little tents of their own beneath the taut silk
which drew Greg's fingers like a bee to honey.  Oh, God, yes.  I sucked in a
breath, causing my chest to heave to his touch.  His digits found their way
under the material and clenched down on my unsuspecting nipple.  'Ooooohhhhhhh
yeeeessss', I groaned loudly in contentment.

'Harmuph', Arch coughed pretending to clear his throat.  Again my eyes flew open
and I saw everyone in the room staring at us.  I felt the incredible burning in
my cheeks and looked quickly to Greg for support, but he was as red as I. 
'Getting a little carried away are we?'

Greg hung his head sheepishly, but gave a smile before he responded.  'Yes, dad,
I guess I did get a little out of hand.'

Cassy looked at him and smiled coquettishly, 'Hmmm, and I would have said that
you had it in hand pretty darn well mister!'  The others in the room all
laughed, but it wasn't as if they were laughing at us.  No it was more of a
warm, homey, friendly laughter.

'Well honey', Arch said turning to Cassy who was by now also fully bound to her
chair, 'I guess we got our prayers answered.  Wouldn't you say so?'

'The boy definitely appears to be happy', she answered.  Then her gazed turned
to me and her voice slid into a knowing lilt, 'And we couldn't have found a
better, more loving and RESPONSIVE partner if we had tried!'

My cheeks began to burn even hotter.  'I'm sorry', I said to the room at large. 
'I just love him so much sometimes that it hurts!  And being bound and
helpless... I just can't help responding to him.'

'Amen, girl', Samantha nodded in agreement.

'You are singing to the choir, hun', said Cassy.  'But if my nose is any judge I
think that dinner is just about ready so maybe you two can wait just a bit to
get you truly just deserts!'  This time even Greg and I joined in the laughter.

'Alright gentlemen', Arch said loudly, 'you heard the lovely lady.  It's our
turn to be the servants here so let's get to work.'  With that he herded them
all off through the pantry and into the kitchen.

'What did you do, make all the food earlier and just let Arch heat it up?'
Samantha asked once the men were gone.

'No.  Maria and Angela are in there putting everything together.'  She replied. 
'But, don't worry they have orders not to leave the kitchen and after dinner we
will send them home.  Besides they been with us for a long time and they now
when to look the other way.'

The men returned with heaping platters and bowls of food.  Greg came by with a
pitcher of water and filled my glass to which he added a straw.  He continued
around the table as his dad stopped by next and placed bowl filled with a Greek
salad onto my plate.  Mr. Thatcher came last, putting a steaming roll onto my
bread plate.

Greg sat down next to me and held the glass up so that I could take a sip of my
water from the straw.  Then he began to eat his salad and during alternate bites
he feed me.  Conversation flowed just like at any other dinner party.  Focusing
somewhat on work, but also talked about the poor economic conditions and how it
was affecting the industry.  It was amazing to me to find out that our industry
was near depression proof.  Unless things went totally south, the people that
loved our products would continue to buy them as pleasure comes right after
safety.  Greg even pointed out that the bondage movie industry made more money
then normal during an economic downturn as people looked for diversions from the
bad news.

My salad was soon replaced by a salmon dish that had been wrapped, Wellington
style, in light flaky dough.  Below the crust was a lovely lemon and dill flavor
that was nearly a sensual delight.  The asparagus was perfectly cooked and
glazed with a light wine sauce and the rice was fluffy and garnished with fresh
parsley and sliced pecans.

Thank God the food was so good as it kept my mind off of my sex.  That egg was
still vibrating like a little demon and it was keeping me just on the edge of
cumming.  I had tried to shimmy in my seat to stimulate myself further, but my
Master had done his work all to well and I found I could barely shift my hips at
all.  My nipples were back at attention and I knew that I had to divert my
attention... 'This food is wonderful', I said to Cassy after I had finished a
bit that Greg had gently placed on my tongue.  My voice was a bit strained, but
I hopped that they wouldn't pick up on it.

'I'm glad that you like it.  It's one of my favorite dishes and Arch has always
raved about it so I thought it was would be a good choice for this evening.' 
Cassy told me in between her own feeding.  'Would you like the recipe?'

'Yes, thank you', I told her excitedly.  I hoped that she would think that my
excitement was due to getting the new recipe, but the truth was that the little
silver cylinder was doing its job all to well and I really needed to cum!  I
looked over to Greg, 'Sir, the ropes at my thighs are just a bit tight and I
thought perhaps you could look at them.'  He looked over to me and I pleaded to
him with my eyes.

'Can't have that happening baby', he said softly.  'Let me just get down there
and check things out.'

My chair had been pushed into the table so Greg had to get down on his knees. 
He lifted the table cloth and went under the table.  I felt him reach between my
legs, but they were tied so tightly together that they defied his efforts.  He
shimmed his fingers back and forth until he slipped between my soft flesh and
the even softer silks that I wore.  He finally found what he was looking for and
the vibrations of the egg died away.  I sighed gently.

'Thank you Sir', I told him as he reappeared.  'That feels MUCH better.'  Greg
explained to the others how two of the coils had begun to pinch me and needed
just a little rearranging.

Cassy and Sam, meanwhile had been talking about bondage and Cassy all of a
sudden turned to her husband and asked anxiously, 'Can I please tell the story
of when you first asked me Sir, please!'  Arch looked at her with an indulgent
and loving look and than nodded his head yes.

'Arch asked me to be his love slave just after...' Cassy started and then
stopped.  'No, that's like starting from the middle, let me start from the
beginning.  I had come up from our plant in Virginia to study a new software
system that was being installed throughout the company.  That was before the
accident and meeting him for the first time was like meeting a huge friendly
bear.  As soon as we were introduced I felt as if I had known him all of my
life.  That engaging personality of his made me feel like I was a real part of
the team and not just some cog in the wheel.  It was really a great time.

Over the course of a few weeks the people that I was training under realized
that I was just the right person to train others so they asked if I would like
to transfer.  It was a great opportunity for my career and the money was
excellent so I agreed.  Now, our part of the Information Systems (IS) department
was just outside of the corporate offices so I would see Arch often.  Even when
I didn't see him, I would often hear him laughing down the hall or talking to
someone nearby.  He was a bright shinning presence that made the whole company
come alive.'

'Then the accident happened and the world seemed to turn upside down.'  Cassy
turned to Greg.  'I know it was nightmare for you, but for those of us at the
office it was also incredibly hard.  We all loved your father and to see him so
distraught and in pain was more than many of us could bear.  Then when he began
drinking... not just at night, but also at the office...'

Greg's face looked close to tears and he croaked, 'Yes, I remember...'

'It was horrible watching such a wonderful person destroying himself that way,
but there wasn't anything any of us could do', she said softly.  'People went
around there business like robots and the laughter that had been so prevalent in
the company's halls became a thing of the past.

'But you saved me', Arch said softly.

She nodded her head and continued. 'I was going to my car as I was leaving work
and I saw you fumbling with your keys. You were unsteady on your feet and I was
sure that you were to drunk to be driving anywhere.'

'So you marched right up to me and took the keys from my hands before I even
knew that you were there.'  Arch added.  'It took me a while to focus on you and
when I realized what had happened I yelled at you to give me back my keys.'

'Oh my, did you ever', Cassy agreed.  There I was at 5ft tall and less than a
hundred pounds and there you were towering over me like a huge grizzly.  'I told
you that you weren't driving anywhere, not in your condition and when you got
nasty with me I let you have it.  I asked you if you wanted to be responsible
for killing someone else's wife or mother, because in your state that was
exactly where you were heading.'  Her tone softened and a tear came to her eye
before she continued, 'That's when the last thing that I ever expected
happened... you began to cry.  You the tower of strength for everyone in the
company, the one that shouldered all of us like Atlas holding up the world, was
crying.  Then as if it was the most natural thing in the world you were in my
arms with your head propped on my shoulder.'

'I took you home and stayed at the house with you for three days while you
sobered up and started to rejoin humanity.  During those days I let you use my
body anyway you liked.  It was the only way that I knew to keep your mind off of
the loss of your wife and I could see that it was working.  By Sunday you were
almost your normal self and you began to apologize to me profusely for taking
advantage of me so.  That's when we began to talk about me instead of you and it
was then I told you that I was part Chinese.  My old grandmother thought that
the only proper woman was one who was owned by her man.  It was her job to make
him happy and especially to keep him whole.  When the pressures of his life
became too much for him to bear it was the woman's job to ease his pain and I
told you that that was what I was trying to do for you.'

'Be mine', I asked you said Arch.  'I remember saying those words and yet not
even knowing where they came from.  Yet once I heard them ring in my ears I knew
that was what I wanted.'

'Oh, I argued with you', Cassy said with a smile now brushing her lips.  'It was
too soon after you wife's passing...'

'Not to mention I was old enough to be your father!' Arch jumped back in.

'Age was never the issue and you know it... you old goat!' Cassy rejoined with a
gleeful smile.  'No, I had done my job and now it was time for me to leave, at
least that's the way that I saw it.  But then you said it... the one thing that
I couldn't turn my back on...'

'I told you I needed you', Arch said simply.

'Oh, you didn't just tell me that you needed me', Cassy replied.  'No, no, no...
you told me that you needed me to be whole again.  You needed me to pick up the
pieces where you wife had left off.  You needed me to be you love slave, because
only I could please you the way that she had, and because only I understood.' 
She turned to face me now.  'At the time Sharon, I was just as green as you when
it comes to all this bondage and domination stuff and I only had the vaguest
idea of the life that I was getting myself into.'  She looked back to her
husband and smiled, 'No, darling, I didn't have any idea what it meant to be
your love slave, but I did know that it brought me pleasure to bring you
happiness.  Now almost 12 years later, I know so very much more and wouldn't
change any of it.'  I felt tears stinging my eyes as I thought that I had never
heard a more romantic story in my whole life.

'Not even the first time that I whipped you?' Arch asked in a choked voice.

I knew from what Greg had told me that he had been particularly vicious that
first time as he took his frustration of wife's loss out on her.  She looked up
at him with that near angelic expression of pure love as she replied, 'No, my
love, not even after my first whipping. In fact all that I wish to change is
that I wish that I had said this earlier this evening.  Thank you Sir for making
me yours and for keeping me that way these last dozen years.' 

'Forever and ever, tinkerbell', Arch got out before he broke down and put his
head next to her.  He hugged the whole chair bringing her into his large body. 
I could hear him whispering to her, but didn't understand the words.  The tone
of his loving words left no doubt though of what he was saying to his wife,
lover and slave.  A more beautiful birthday present I could not imagine.

Desert followed shortly afterwards.  It was a more subdued affair as everyone
seemed to be contemplating their love for their mate and what their respective
chosen roles meant to each other.  I know that I was thinking about it and I
could read from Greg's furtive glances that he was also.  Arch appeared fully
recovered when he announced the end of the meal.  'Ladies once we have released
you from your bondage, please adjourn upstairs as quickly as possible and
prepare for the evening finale.  You are to wear the corset of your choice,
stockings, gloves and ballet heels.  You are to meet us downstairs in the
basement where you will be suspended by your wrists.  At this point you will be
sensually tormented.  Now Michael was the one that requested the corsets and I
was the one that suggested the ballet heels, so the selection of your torment
has been left to Greg.'  He turned to Greg, 'What say you son?  How shall we
torment our lovely ladies?'

Greg smile hugely, 'I'm going to take a page from your book Dad.  Cassy used to
tell me that you often would tell her that you were going to punish her, but not
what you were going to do when you would do so.  The agony of waiting until the
proposed time of punishment without knowing was often worse than the actual
torment.  So I think that I will withhold my decision from these lovely ladies
until they are helplessly bound before us.'

I heard Cassy mutter something about the apple not falling far from the tree as
Greg began removing my bounds.  The egg left my cunny with a slurpy sound as if
my vagina was trying to suck it back in.  I know that I had asked for it to be
stopped, but I still found that I missed it as it as I was still desperately in
need of stimulation. 

Cassy and Samantha were soon freed and we went back to Cassy's room to change. 
There wasn't any need for a lot of conversation as we all knew what we were
dressing in for the next event.  I slid completely out of my long nightgown and
went into the bathroom to give myself a sponge bath.  I missed Greg as he would
shower with me or sponge me down himself in between sessions and I was still
dying for his touch.  I rubbed soothing aloe lotion into the angry red rope
marks that marked my body from chest to ankles.  Greg had taught me to do this
and now I could see where he learned it as Cassy joined me and began going
through the same ritual.

Going back into the room I started dressing for the evening.  I put on my black
lace crotch-less panties and black fishnet stockings, before even thinking about
the corset. I slid into my red satin slippers as Cassy had told me that we would
be putting our heels on in the basement.  When I thought about it, it only made
sense.  There was no way that we would be able to walk down two flights of
stairs in nine inch heels!  Shimming into my crimson red and midnight black
satin corset, I did as Greg had taught me and reached behind me to tighten the
cords just enough to keep it from sliding back down my torso.

'Hey, Cassy', I called.  'Are they going to tighten our corset bindings
downstairs?'

'Hmm, Arch didn't spell that part out', she replied thoughtfully.  'We seem to
be doing pretty well on time so why don't we tighten each others laces.  The
worse that can happen is that they want to re-do them or tighten them further,
but on the other hand it might gain us some brownie points!'

'Sounds good to me', both Sam and I echoed in near unison.

In short order I found myself with my legs spread and hands wrapped around one
of the tall corner posts of the four poster bed.  I bit my lip so as not to
scream as the two ladies yanked in opposite direction at the loose laces in the
middle of my back.  The laces pulled so quickly through the eyelets and over my
skin that it felt like I was getting a rope burn.  In seconds the satin had
begun to mold to my body and no longer just hung from my frame.  Now the hard
work started of cranking the laces to get those last few inches out of my waist
line.  Cassy worked on the laces from the bottom and Samantha from the top.  I
was amazed that such a small woman had such strength, but the results were clear
as I could feel my hips and the tops of my buttocks being gently squeezed by the
strong material as my waistline shrank.

'Did you ever wear a corset in the past?' Samantha asked.

'Unless you count the costume that I wore at Vassar in our version of 'Gone with
the Wind', no not until recently', I answered as evenly as my restricted
breathing would allow.  'Why do you ask?'

'I was just kind of surprised that your body was so supple.  The ease which we
are tightening the laces back here first made me think that the corset hadn't
been made tight enough for you.  But looking at that wasp like waist, I've had
to revise that opinion.' She told me.

'What Sam means', Cassy jumped in, 'is that your body is reacting to the corset
as if you were an old pro at tight lacing.'

'Oh', I replied.  I remembered Lucinda telling me that the garment would begin
to mold itself to my body, but I hadn't realized that my body had to also mold
itself to the garment.

Cassy pulled a measuring tape from her vanity table and circled my waist with
it.  'Nineteen inches, outstanding!  With what, a four-inch pull on that
corset?'  I nodded my head yes, as she continued to inspect my garment, the
front grommets, the metal stays, the set of my breasts in their half-cups and
made sure that the bow at my back was secure.  I felt like some WAC recruit
being inspected by the barracks sergeant.  'Excellent.  I'm lucky if I can get
to sixteen inches with a six-inch pull, even with my small frame.' 

I was shocked when she slapped me on the butt, hard, and gave me a move over
shake of her hand.  'My turn ladies and make sure that you show no mercy, Arch
likes my corsets really tight on me.'

Cassy's corset was a deep red burgundy color which rode high on her hips and
didn't cover her breasts at all.  'My God', I said in awe as she removed her
lacey bra, 'your breasts are so huge!'

She cupped her lovely mounds in her hands and smiled, 'Thank you doctor
Klingman, yes they are!'  She smiled even larger at my confused look.  'They
were a present from Arch for my 27th birthday.  Mind you I think they were more
a present for him then me!  But, I must say that going from a barely filled 33b
to a nicely rounded 35c really made me look more like a woman than a young boy
in a skirt!'

'I'm a 35c also, but your breasts look so much larger', I responded still dazed
at their magnitude. 

'I've a much smaller frame than you hun', she said with her full southern drawl. 
Then she giggled her breasts up and down.  'It just makes them look bigger.'

I looked over at Samantha's chest and she shook her head.  'Nope', she said with
a smile.  'These were standard equipment.  38c's which need a bit more support
now that I'm in my mid-thirties and one day I suppose I'll have to give them a
lift.  Heck having three kids suckle on them and has it's effect no matter how
hard I hit the machines at the gym.'  I nodded my agreement and filed all this
for later thought.  Kids... breast enhancements... where would this life I was
choosing ultimately lead me. 'Enough of this though, let's get Cassy cranked and
then finish me off so that we can get downstairs and make our men drool at the
site of us!'

Despite that small frame of hers closing that last inch seemed to be impossible. 
But Cassy berated the both of us and said that Arch had her laced into this one
just last week.  Waving Sam to the side I put my knee into the small of her back
and wrapped the laces about each fist.  Arching my body backwards and tightening
my triceps at the same time, I pulled as hard as I could.  The back edges of the
garment slowly moved until they finally rested against each other.  With a quick
twist of the cords I locked them in place so that I could now take my time to
wrap of the rest of the loose laces and tie them into a neat set of loops.

Samantha was a lot easier.  Her waist had spread to nearly 26 inches and her
supple leather corsets four-inch pull had no problem reigning in her slightly
expanded waist.  She seemed really concerned that we would think less of her or
something because her waist wasn't the three inches thinner than it was in her
early twenties.  Cassy calmed her concerns with kind words of how wonderful she
looked especially after having three kids!  'Besides I've seen the way Michael
looks at you and that lust in his eyes makes it very clear that he is more than
happy with what he sees!'

We each picked up our footwear from the top of the vanity table, where Cassy had
thoughtfully instructed that we put them before we had started.  This meant that
we didn't have to do the 'bunny squat' to pick them up off of the floor, for
which I was immensely grateful because my corset felt exceedingly tight.  In
fact I think that the only time that I had ever worn it this tight was when
Lucinda had punished me with it.  Certainly Greg hadn't made it this tight the
last time that he had had me wear it, but all of their glowing comments about my
small waist and such, forced me to overlook the discomfort.

Cassy led us down into the bowels of the house.  The basement was well lit with
thick carpeting and a wet bar in one corner, but that is not where she led us. 
We headed to an open door in the opposite side of the room.  Once through the
doors the lighting dimmed and the dark mahogany walls seemed to soak up the
light that remained.  We walked over to our men who were chatting as they stood
about three of the wooden frames that I had become intimately associated with at
Mr. Thatcher's "A" Frame.  The room was very large taking up nearly a third of
basement, which allowed for the frames to be set up in a triangle formation. 
Each frame had it own little stage which was about two feet wide and four long
on which had been placed a bar stool.  Track lights that ran in parallel to the
walls had been turned inward to become spot lights, causing a golden shine on
each of the stools green leather seats.

For the last time of the evening we did our little, center, left and right
movement spreading our legs and putting our hands on our hips as we smiled and
faced our men.  Cassy had donned a dark burgundy bra that was sculpted to fit
perfect with her corset, so the three of us stood there with our chests jutting
outwards while our men applauded our little presentation.

'Alright ladies now it is time for the Cassy's dream to become a reality.  I
hope that you are all looking forward to hanging around for a while?'  Arch
asked us we laughed ruefully but the Greg and Michael broke up like it was the
funniest joke that they had ever heard. 'What do you say tinkerbell?' Arch asked
his wife as the laughter died away.

'I am looking forward to it with bells on Sir', she said brightly.

'Hmm, I don't see any bells', Arch quipped, 'but I'm sure that can be arranged.' 
His two cohorts chuckled and I was sure that we had just been dealt another
torment besides hanging around in nine inch heels to deal with.  Ah, well, in
for a penny in for a pound!

'If each of you would sit on the stool next to your Master we will be happy to
put you into your heels and set you up for this little session.'  He said this
in such a nonchalant way that you would think that he was talking about the
weather instead of tying three women up in his basement!  Then I thought to
myself, why not?  I felt totally comfortable being bound among these people and
as everyone kept pointing out I was new to this, for him it must be old hat. 
But a small twitch in his hand, made me wonder if he was as calm as he seemed.

There wasn't anymore time for these considerations as we each filed over to our
respective stage.  I sat down comfortably on the stool and handed my bright red
heels to Greg.  Without a word he silently knelt before me and lifted my left
foot from the brass ring.  He rested my calf gently on his raised knee and
removed my satin slipper.  The incredibly arched pumped slid on easily as I had
learned to just let my toes slide into the padded toe box. Greg secured the two
buckles, one at my ankle and one across the arch of my foot which was the
linchpin to two sets of crisscrossing straps that held my foot firmly into the
shoe.  When he lowered my shod foot to the floor I found that I could
comfortably rest it on the stage, where as in my slipper clad feet I felt like I
was falling off the stool unless I rested my feet on the bar ring.  The second
ballet pump went on as quickly as the first and now while my toes rested on the
stage my heels were suspended on narrow red spikes nine inches in the air!

Greg began to root around in his bondage bag and came up with a pair of cuffs
that I had never seen before.  He put the first of the cuffs about my wrist
which was already encased in the elasticized red satin of my elbow length
gloves.  It was fleece lined and felt warm and inviting as it closed upon my
wrist.  The cuff itself was longer than any other cuff that I had previously
worn and required two buckles to tighten it properly in place.  The cuff
continued upwards over the back half of my hand and ended at a rounded point in
which a reinforced brass eyelet was mounted.  Greg smiled at my look of pure
concentration and said lightly, 'Suspension cuffs baby.  With these nine inch
heels a lot more of your weight is going to need to be put on your arms and
these cuffs are just what the doctor ordered.  Don't worry I've used them a
hundred times in flicks and I'm told that there is nothing better.'  Easy enough
for him to say, he wasn't the one that would be wearing them!  On the other hand
they really were comfortable and I trusted him to know what was best. I gave him
my brightest smile to show him this, but left my other thoughts unspoken.

Next he placed cuffs on each ankle above their shinny patent leather ankle
strap.  He secured the two d-rings together with a two ended brass clasp that he
could open and close with his thumb.  It set my feet about six inches apart
which felt just right.  Thigh cuff were added mid-way between my crotch and my
knees and were joined by a single chain link.  Finally he pulled on two of the
cables from above which were now flowing from the top bar about four feet apart
versus the corners that had been used to suspended me the last time I had been
bound in this contraption.  The clasps were attached to each of the wrist cuffs
which left my hands hanging just about neck level.  Using the hand held remote
Greg stood by me while he began to let the electric winches do there thing.

Slowly my hands were raised over my head until they were pulled taut above me.
As my rear began to be lifted off the seat and for the first time weight was
placed unto my feet, my ankles began to wobble. 'Gregggg...' I called in a
gradually loudening tone of voice.

His arm was about my waist instantly giving me the extra support that I needed. 
'I've got you baby', he said softly in my ear, 'no worries.'

He loved that Crocodile Dundee phrase but I wasn't so sure that it applied this
time.  Even with his support my ankles continued to wobble above the huge
spikes.  Ballet training was years in the past and what this felt like was the
first time that I had ever been put on ice skates.  The winches kept pulling me
into the air until finally my heels and then my toes left the ground.  Greg
reversed the cycle and let me down until, my toes and heels were once again
firmly on the ground.  However, with the help of those really effective
suspension cuffs the amount of weight that I was actually placing on my toes was
probably a fraction of my total weight.  Surprisingly my toes felt very
comfortable even though they were being forced to provide purchase for a
significant part of my body weight.  My ankles, though, were my only real
concern.

Now that I had been lashed into place I could take my time to look over at my
companions.  Cassy was just starting to be fitted for her own set of cuffs and
Samantha's Michael wasn't even finished lacing up her boots!  As I watched him
tightly lace Sam into her boot I felt a bit jealous.  I just bet that those
boots would give her ankles a lot more support than these ballet shoes of mine. 
No wonder she was supposed to be able to walk in the incredibly high heels!

I let those thoughts slide away as I became more and more comfortable in my
bondage.  The feeling of being so incredibly bound and helpless to my Master's
every whim gave me a warm and fuzzy feeling inside that is so hard to describe. 
Drowsily, I allowed myself to feel and play with my restraints.  Simple shifts
of my weight, a sway of my hips from side to side, became like a sensuous dance
as my whole body had to respond to the meager change.  The clicks of the D-rings
against the metal connectors added there own beat to the rhythm of my movements. 
A little pull on one arm, a shift of my hips to the opposite side, a bend in one
knee with the other leg stiffening to support more of my weight... slowly,
wondrously I lost myself in the freedom of my bondage.

I saw the flash of a camera through my closed lids, which brought me back to the
real world.  Greg was grinning at me as he snapped another picture.  'I couldn't
help myself baby', he said as he zoomed in on my smiling face.

'I didn't even know that you had brought it with you', I said unconcernedly as I
flexed and posed to give him the best shots possible.

'With your beauty I figure that the camera falls into the "don't leave home
without it category".  Besides this is the first time that I've ever had you
standing in those incredible heels!'  Greg continued to move around me, as his
focus dropped to my legs and feet.  I loved to see him happy and playing bondage
photographer, with me thank you very much, as his subject did that in spades.

While we played, the other two gentlemen had finished suspending my two
compatriots into there own frames.  Cassy's incredible waspish waist was
highlighted by two lights which had been centered on it.  I suppose that she
knew her man as he seemed to be very intent on viewing, touching and caressing
the center of the hour glass that he had caused to be created of his lovely
wife.  My God, what if Greg wants to put me into a six-inch pull one day?  I
smiled as I watched Arch give Cassy a soft lingering kiss.  Nine inch heels, six
inch-pull corsets, crotch-less panties... if it makes Greg happy I knew that I
would be just as content as Cassy.  My life was opening up like a storybook
before me and everywhere there was sunshine and beautiful flowers.    

Arch cleared his throat bringing the entire rooms attention to him.  He now
stood in the center of our three frames, where he had place a small table on
which rested two dark brown boxes.  'Well ladies now that you are comfortably
ensconced hanging from your respective frames I suppose that it is time to add a
little spice to the evening.'  Arch picked up the first box.  'As you know the
whole evening was set up to re-create my beautiful wife's dream, but to make
that happen we have all played a part.  Michael suggested the corsets, I added
the ballet heels and even Cassy had a say by asking for this first bit of
spice.'  With that he opened the box and turned around so that each of us could
see the three sets of brass bells connected by small chains to clamps that were
obviously intended for our nipples.  Each of the men removed a pair and went
back to their mate.  Greg smiled as he moved the lace out of the way of my
half-cups to squeeze and roll my right nipple.  The clamp closed onto its tip as
I watched in fascination and felt the pressure build till it was just bordering
on painful.  My left nipple he suckled to attention until it was also interred
within a tight brass clamp.  I bit my lip a bit to keep from moaning as Greg's
father returned to the center of our triangle.  'The crowning excitement for the
evening come from our own son, Greg', Arch continued as he opened the larger box
on the table. 

The other two ladies laughed as they saw what was inside, but I froze.  My mind
never even went into gear as a horrified, 'No', escaped my lips.  Tears began to
roll down my cheeks as I looked into the box and saw the three brightly colored
feathers.  I turned to Greg and pleaded, 'No.  Please anything but that.  Whip
me with any whip that you want, but please not the feather again.'  I hid my
eyes behind my arm, not able to look at him.  All eyes were focused on me now
and there looks were as horrified as mine.

'Greg haven't you collared Sharon yet?' Arch asked incredulously.  I had no idea
what they were talking about.  Of course he had had me wear collars and even
leashes.  Heck, what about the posture collar earlier this evening!

My lover and master hung his head in shame as his face turned red, 'No, sir I
haven't.'  He shuffled his feet like a kid brought before the principle.  'It
didn't seem necessary up until now and I had wanted to wait until we had our own
place... you know to make it special.'

'Oh Son', his father replied softly. 'I can understand that, but in that case
you shouldn't have brought her to the party tonight.'

'I'm sorry Mom and Dad', Greg responded raising his head.  'Sharon and I will
get our stuff and leave.  Truthfully, I'm sorry.'

'Oh no you don't!' Cassy nearly shouted.  'You two aren't going anywhere!'  She
gave Greg a stare that would have melted bricks and told him, 'You just hold
your horses mister while I talk to Sharon.'

She turned to me and her gaze became much softer and loving.  'Hun, do you have
any idea what we are talking about?' I shook my head 'no' but didn't say
anything.  'Being collared by your master is a little ritual that has been
around for hundreds of years.  In the past slaves were forced into there collars
and whipped until they obeyed without reservation. It's become more civilized
now and you can choose to wear your Masters collar.  If you agree to become his
slave and wear his collar you are whipped by your Master.  The collar symbolizes
his ownership and the whipping shows that you are willing to do anything that he
wish's of you to please him.'  I nodded my head in acceptance.  That wouldn't be
a problem he could whip me anytime he wanted.

'You still don't get it do you?'  Cassy said as she looked deep into my eyes. 
'Anything he wishes includes tickling you with that feather.  That's why we all
knew that you weren't really Greg's slave yet, because if you were you would
have never questioned his right to do anything he wanted with you.'  She
switched her glare back to her step-son and snapped at him, 'Within reason of
course!'  My mind was in a total whirl.  I couldn't believe what I had just
heard from that elfin little soul, yet at the same time her words reined in my
panic.  Cassy was just as calm as could be telling me what I suppose I had
always known but hadn't really taken to this final extension.  'Greg, I don't
want you two to leave and what I think you should do is collar the girl here and
now... as long as she's willing.'

'Cassy, I'm a man now and I will determine what is reasonable and not reasonable
with my lover', Greg said with a voice as hard as steel.  He softened it and
continued, 'But for the record, I love Sharon and I wouldn't push her farther
than she can stand.'  He paused for a moment and then continued, 'Cassy, you
brought Dad back to me when I thought he was lost forever.  You've led both of
us onto paths that have given us happiness.  You have been the mother to me that
I never thought that I would ever want again... for you mom, if this is what you
want, is the least I can do.'  My eyes were watering at the love pouring from my
man and I don't think that anyone in the room wasn't near tears or openly
crying.  Cassy had tears sliding down her cheeks as Greg kissed her forehead
before he turned his gaze on me.  That love of his began to pour into me like a
river that literally shook me to my core.

Taking my head in his hands he wiped away my tears with his thumbs.  'Sharon, I
wanted this to be a special occasion just between us, but I love my mom and I
don't want to ruin her party, so I am asking you here and now will you wear my
collar?'

I looked into his loving eyes that also held that steel that I had heard in his
voice moments before.  I felt myself hanging in my bonds and the pressure on my
toes as I balanced in my awkward heels.  I stood there totally helpless and knew
that I was there because he wanted me to be, but also because it thrilled me
like nothing else to please this man before me.

'My name is baby', I answered softly.  'I've been yours from the day we met and
I want to be yours forever.' 

A tear rolled down his cheek and he kissed me lightly on the lips.  'Will you
wear my collar and submit to me in all things relating to bondage?'

'Yes Master', I replied equally softly.

'Know this one last thing before you give your final answer.' Greg said to me as
the steel crept into his eyes.  'You will not be whipped for your slave
initiation, nor will you be left standing as you are now.'  He paused as he
stood back from me.  'You will be hung upside down and tickled with the feather
that you fear so for your initiation.'  He picked up the long red feather, 'Now
I will ask you once again, will you wear my collar and submit to me in all
things relating to bondage?'

I lowered my eyes and tried not to cry.  I pushed the fear behind me and thought
of this man that I loved.  In refusing to be tickled I had done what should
never be done, I had lowered him in the eyes of his friends and parents in the
one area he was looking for accreditation.  My lack of restraint had made him
seem less my Master than he was, and less than he should ever be seen to be by
anyone else.  I had no choice and I knew what I must do.

I straightened myself as best that I could and said demurely, 'If it pleases you
Master, I beg to wear your collar.'  It was the strongest thought that I could
phrase to show my love for him and his watering eyes made me feel content that I
had found the right words.

The room exploded into noise as the men clapped and my fellow captives offered
me their praises and congratulations. Greg's dad walked over and put his hand on
one of his shoulders, 'This isn't exactly how I thought that your mother's party
was going to turn out, but I'm proud of you' he turned and looked at me 'proud
of both of you.  I think that I speak for all of us in that we are honored to be
here for your initiation baby.  Usually an initiation is just between the two of
you, but you've already become part of our family in so many ways that it seems
fitting for us all to be here as witnesses.  Congratulations young lady, despite
the fact that I may not be totally impartial, I think you are getting yourself a
wonderful Master!'

I smiled a truly genuine smile for the first time in what seemed like a long
time as I looked over at my man.  He was just that my man, just as much as I was
his woman, slave, whatever you wish to call it.  I felt the warmth of my love
for him begin to burn inside me once more as the helplessness of my situation
began to cause another fire to build within me. 'Thank you very much Sir.  I
hope that I will always make your son happy and at the same time proud to be my
Master.'

Arch turned to Greg, 'Do you have HER collar with you or are you going to have
to use a substitute?'

'No.  I've had it for some time', Greg answered as he reached down into his
bondage carry-all and pulled out a crushed velvet bag bound at its top with a
leather thong.  He opened it and pulled out a collar that made me gasp in
surprise.  It was a truly gorgeous piece of work of soft red leather that
matched my corset perfectly.  It wasn't overly wide and had three chrome d-rings
at the front and on each side.  Stitched in white script letters between each of
these rings was my slave name, baby.

'It's beautiful Master', I breathed ever so softly.

'I made it for you myself and I'm glad that you think it is beautiful. It was my
one desire to make such a collar that would fit you perfectly.  Soft and yet
strong, bold and yet beautiful.' He said this softly as he put the collar about
my neck from behind me and cinched the buckle closed. 

It rested about my throat softly, but the real weight and meaning of what had
just happened reverberated through my soul.  I stood tall in my incredible heels
and felt like a million dollars as I realized that my collar linked me to Greg
more than any diamond ring ever could.  The desires of our souls were joined in
what some might call a dark way, but to me it was a bright and shinning path. 
Then he held up the feather to remind me of the final piece of my slave
initiation. 

I looked at that feather as if it were a cobra waiting to bite me.  In fact it
scared me more than a snake bite because I knew what to expect when it touched
my skin and that was one of the most horrific things that I had ever felt.  When
the children were tickling me from every angle it was such a shock to my system
that I had lost control of my body.  All I could do was react, lunging away from
each touch that fell on my sensitive skin like hot irons.  I wanted to scream to
him, please just whip me.  I knew how painful that could be, but I could take it
whereas tickling was something that was just beyond my ability to handle. 

A tear rolled down my cheek as I held in my fear and horror.  I hated the
thought of being tickled at all and I knew that this session would be truly
merciless.  Looking into Greg's eyes I could see his love and concern but it was
buried beneath the steel of what he knew must be done to totally break me to his
will.  I had always fully intended to be everything that he could possibly want
in a submissive partner, but this was the most difficult thing he had ever asked
of me.  

Steeling myself to what must happen I began a relaxing chant in my head
reminding me of how wonderful Greg made me feel.  His warm hands binding me into
helpless captivity.  His experienced digits giving me glorious orgasms one after
another.  The way he used his nipple clamps, whips, gags and blindfolds to drive
me to stronger and stronger orgasms. Hmmm, yes, joining his world had given me a
freedom that I had never known existed and I couldn't imagine walking away from
it or from him.

With that thought in my mind Greg began to prepare me for my ordeal.  He lowered
me till I was sitting on the floor with my legs stretched out in front of me. 
My cuffs were removed from my wrists and which he proceeded to wrap into a black
leather arm-binder.  My ankle cuffs were replaced with a slightly larger set of
suspension cuffs to which the cables were now attached.  That was the last thing
I saw before the leather mask slid down over my eyes.

I forced myself to remain calm and soon my ears picked up the whirl of the
electric generators and I felt my ankles being raised into the air.  This part
was the fun part of my bondage as with Greg's support, I was lifted into the
air.  The sensation of being bound upside down, with the blood rushing into my
head and pounding in my ears was something that thrilled me beyond words.  I
couldn't imagine a more helpless position and somehow that once again set off
the fire between my legs.

The first touch of the feather was so soft that it was if it wasn't even
touching me, yet I knew it was there just hovering just above my quivering pussy
lips.  All too soon it was caressing my sex as if he were dusting it and I
completely lost it.  'OH MY GOD', I cried as my entire body arched upwards
trying to close myself and hide from his ministrations as if I were some type of
jack knife.  I held my stunned body in that position through the brute strength
of my stomach muscles until what felt like liquid fire slid across my back.  I
felt myself snap back until my head was down where it started.  My dazed mind
registered the unusual feel of my hair brushing the floor as I swung wildly from
my widely spread ankles.

'Ooooowwwwwww', I bellowed as another brush of the feather seared my chest.  I
had no control over my body which was twisting from side to side and causing the
bells hanging from my nipples to ring unceasingly.  Whatever pain they were
causing my nipples was lost to me as my detached mind goggled at the incredible
torment that I was being forced to endure. 

Another flick of the feather against my crotch forced my arms to pull with every
ounce of my strength to try vainly to free them selves.  'Aaaeeeeiiii', I
screamed as the crotch rope that secured my wrists tore into my unprotected
vagina. 

My body writhed about me in a tortured dance that I could barely comprehend. 
Through all of the pain and suffering the nagging heat of an orgasm began to
take hold of me.  Each touch of the feather, each pull of the bells at my
sensitive nipples and each pull on the rope that slid between my legs caused my
excitement to overwhelm my torment.

Even when the feather wasn't touching me, my mind which had begun to reconnect
with my body, kept me constantly writhing.  I was pulling at my wrists and
shaking my chest simply to keep the excitement building. Just thinking of myself
helplessly hanging in my shackles made my loins burn.  Thoughts that my Master
had forced me into heels that I couldn't even walk in turned that burn into an
inferno.  Finally, the incredible tightness of my corset as I twisted and turned
in my unquenched dance of pleasure brought me to near volcano level.

Vaguely I could hear murmurs in the background.  A stray word or two began to
penetrate my single minded drive to find the pleasure through the window of
pain.  'I can't believe it... she's can't be... oh my God he has her... actually
getting close to orgasm.'  Their words all melded together and it mattered
little to me, all that mattered was what happened next.

'SLAP', the crack of Greg's hand flat against my pussy sounded like the shot of
a pistol.  Once, twice, three times and then like a tidal wave the orgasm that
had been building all night long swept over me.  'Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes...' I
cried out in ecstasy.  The searing touch of the feather didn't bother me any
further as all of my being was focused on the incredible feeling of being
totally and completely filled with the warmth and joy of my beautiful gut
wrenching orgasm.  The feather now became my friend as it usefulness dropped as
a scourge, my lover and Master switched its play area to my breasts.  Teasing
the bells kept my orgasm flowing through me like a wild river.

'Thank you Master.  Thank you Master.  Thank you Master.'  I cried out over and
over again as my bodies gyrations slowed until I hung there in exquisite
exhaustion.  I felt myself go limp and said once more, 'Thank you Master' in a
voice that told the world of my contentment and total sexual satisfaction.

I had sensed the silence in the room more than heard it when my Master had used
his painful little slaps to drive me into orgasm.  Now the room once again
exploded into noise and voices as everyone began to talk at once.

'My God, She is incredible', I heard Cassy cry out.

'What do you mean her, Greg was incredible.  He rode her like a wild colt and
broke her to his will without breaking incredible spirit of hers', Arch said
loudly in reply.

Michael and Sam, nearly said in unison, 'They are both incredible!'

While all the noise and discussion surged around us, Greg lowered me and
switched my cuffs around.  In a few minutes I was wiggling nebulously in my
extreme heels as my wrists were pulled back into the air.  Despite my near total
exhaustion, I was feeling so completely wonderful that I even found a nearly
painless way to stand in my ballet heels.  If I let my weight sit directly above
my toes and kept my body in a straight line above them they were down right
comfortable.  The padded toe box was a far site more pleasant to be pushed into
than those six inch stiletto pumps he favored.  The way that they bent my toes,
instead of letting them be straight as in my ballet shoes, could be really
painful. 

It was still difficult to keep the heels steady, but I preserved and as my
blindfold was removed I gained some little control over them.  I smiled at him
and begged him with my eyes and partially opened lips to kiss me.  My loving
Master Greg responded with a gusto that nearly made me lose my composure all
over again, but with a real effort I kept it together.

'Not bad baby', he told me with one of his roguish grins, 'Not bad at all.'

'Why thank you Master', I said with a smile.  Then I remembered, 'Excuse me
thank you Sir.'

Greg's dad came up to me and kissed me on each cheek.  'You can call him Master
all you want honey as he has certainly proved that he is that!'  I blushed but
he missed that as he turned to his wife.  'Well, Cassy, you and Sam have been
hanging around for a half-an-hour already, but I think that it's time to change
our plans and take a page from the newest Master in our midst play book.'

Cassy looked at Arch intently as she balanced all so perfectly in her ballet
boots.  'And just what did you have in mind Sir?'

'Getting you off while you are hanging there so helplessly is what I had in
mind.'  Then without waiting for her reply he said to Mr. Thatcher, 'Is that
acceptable to you Michael?'  He took at quick uncertain glance towards his wife
before he nodded affirmatively.  'Greg?'  Unlike Mr. Thatcher, who I had once
thought of as the perfect master, Greg didn't need to look at me to know my
mind. 

'Heck Dad, I know that Sharon is up for as many O's as I'll see fit to give
her', he said with his best grin.  'But after the sexual energy that she put
into the room I think that you gentlemen had best get down to business because
your ladies must be aching for a taste!'

Arch looked back over at Cassy who was smiling at him.  Above her cuffs she was
using a crooked finger to call him over and play with her.  'You know my boy, I
think that you right.  Tally ho!'

Greg lowered the blindfold down over my eyes and that was the last thought that
I had for everyone else in the room.  I suppose my own moans and the jingling of
the bells on my breasts mingled with the other ladies, but my world closed into
simply my need and my Master's touch so I will never know for sure. 

I vaguely remember having a short spreader bar placed between my legs and
feeling a thickly ribbed dildo slide into my sex.  Then at Greg's urging, I
learned that I could impale myself on the hard rubber phallus by squatting and
then straightening.  He whispered to me that if I wanted to come that I would
have to work for it and he didn't lie.  Squatting in the incredible spikes was
at first nearly impossible, but my need drove me and soon I became very adept. 
As the pseudo penis drove in and out of me like a piston in some infernal engine
I could feel my orgasm coming closer and closer.  Just when I was ready to
scream for joy at the apex of my sexual frenzy, I felt and heard the snap of the
crop upon my already tensed butt cheeks.  Since I was squatting the under-handed
blow forced me back up to a standing position, nearly knocking me off of my
heels.  Before I knew what was happening I felt a downward blow against the top
of my buttocks force me back down again.  Then with the precision that only my
Master can attain he whipped me up and down onto and off of the fake thick prick
until the pleasure and pain merged into another impossibly magical orgasm!

I'm pretty sure that he brought me to three more orgasms before he finally let
me down.  I may have fainted into his arms afterwards because I woke up lying on
the couch in the living room with a light blanket pulled over me.  My heels were
history and I was once again in my soft sensuous satin slippers.  Every part of
me ached, yet I hadn't felt this good or sated in my entire life.  God, I
thought to myself, it just kept getting better and better.

The discussion that was flowing around me started to make sense and I realized
that the thread of the conversation concerned the office.  Mr. Thatcher was
talking about the S&M Contest and how Lucinda had once again pointed out that we
were missing a great sales opportunity by not fielding a team.  I was a bit
miffed that I didn't get credit for pointing out the issue, but my fuzzy mind
glossed over that as I heard my own voice say, 'I think that my Master should
enter me in the contest.'

All eyes turned to me and I realized that I had said what I was thinking out
loud.  I blushed profusely and thankfully Greg stepped into the void.

'Sharon has been trying to get me to enter us in the contest.  She thinks that
the opportunity to the company is too good to pass up and she's willing to put
her butt, literally, on the line to prove it', he said this with a great sigh. 
'I've tried to dissuade her by telling her how in sync with your partner you
have to be just to get past the first event, but she just doesn't see it.'  He
shook his head sadly, 'Heck, that type of team work normally takes years to
develop!'

'Well maybe you are the one that needs to open his eyes', Cassy said to him
softly.  'And the key word to your problem is "normally".

'What?' Greg cried incredulously.

'Your mother is right son', said Arch as he picked up the torch of the
conversation.  'Sharon is incredible and like the young colt that she is she
needs to find the pace that will suit her and you both.  But don't discount
yourselves because you have been together such a short time, no boy don't make
that mistake.  Your mother is right, normally it would take quite a while to
make such a team, but you two aren't normal.  You and that young lady flow
together like two rivers at a confluence, there is no beginning or ending you
both move as if you are one.'

'But Dad, the training time alone to get to the point where we could have a
chance at competing would take months!  We just don't have enough time with the
contest only six weeks off!'  Greg said in exasperation.

'Greg your Father and mother are right' Samantha added.  'You don't see it yet,
but you and Sharon have this uncanny ability to feed into each other and know
just what the other wants and needs.  I've seen it time and again tonight and
its like some kind of sexy symbiosis.'

Greg still seemed to be unconvinced until Mr. Thatcher jumped in.  'I know that
I'm looking at this in a different light Greg, but the company could really use
this.  We are becoming just like all of the other big specialty sex companies
and our sales have flattened out over the last three or four years because of
it.  Your Dad and Harry were trying to break that stigma with his new line of
bondage furniture, but that is a small niche audience that we will be pursuing
not our general population.  Now this contest could be the big break that we
have all been looking for!'  He was beaming with fervor as he warmed to his
subject.  'Just look at the two of you... your both gorgeous and the crowds will
eat you up.  And if you can get into the electives... my God think of the sales
potential!'  He paused for a minute lost in his own thoughts and then went on. 
'If you two want to go for it Leather and Lace will totally stand behind you. 
We'll cut your working hours in half for a start and more if you need it.  Any
other kind of help that we can provide will be totally at your disposal.  So
what do you say?'

Greg looked over at me and now that I had fully awakened I smiled as brightly as
I could at him.  'You really want to do this don't you Sharon?'

I wanted to scream, yes, but this was too important to me to be flippant about
it.  'Greg remember our little bet that I lost?'  He nodded his head, yes.  'And
remember how you let us both win and gave me my wish.'

'Sure I told you that you had carte blanche regarding any one decision that
effected our lives together', he replied softly.  'But I thought you would want
to use it on the house we buy or something like that.'

'No honey, those things aren't important enough to me', I said earnestly. 
'Since Mr. Thatcher and his team took me in I have lived, breathed and slept
Leather and Lace.  The company isn't just a set of financial records to me it is
the epitome of what makes people like me and you happy.  And I want to bring the
happiness that you all have brought to me to everyone that is willing to embrace
it.'  I looked at him in deadly seriousness 'I'm calling that marker due now
Greg, are you with me?'

'Am I with you?' He replied disgustedly as her wrapped me into his warm inviting
arms.  'And just where else would I be darlin', he said in his mock Irish accent
that he favored at times like these.  'Mind you lass, over the next six long
weeks I'm sure that you'll 'a be regrettin' your decision!  But so be it lass,
so be it.'




Leather & Lace
Chapter 19 - Let the training commence!
By the White Knight

When we arrived home I was tired, exhausted and in great need of a shower.  Greg
made it clear though that the evening was not over for yours truly.  Showering
as quickly as possible, I blew dry my hair, reapplied my makeup before donning
my pink fluffy bath robe to re-enter the bed room.  To my surprise he wasn't
waiting for me, though the clacking of computer keys in the other room answered
that question.   The outfit laid out on the bed answered the other that was what
I was expected to wear.

I slipped into the form fitting gold and black bustier and fussed with the hook
and eye closures in the rear.  There were set in three rows which allowed me to
custom fit it to my own body, but it was a true pain reaching behind my back
time and time again.  The good thing was that despite looking like a corset it
didn't have that immobilizing effect and this meant that I could put on the
golden toned stockings and the black patent leather pumps with ease.  I was
happy to see that the heels that he had picked were a mere five inches with a
sexy double ankle strap.  These were easy to walk in and not totally unpleasant
to stand in.

The last piece of my wardrobe was my brand new collar.  The color clashed with
my outfit, but I could see that the significance of its meaning over shadowed
that minor concern.  I sat down on the bed, crossed my knees and rested my hands
on top of them.  'Master, I have completed dressing as you requested', I called
through the open door.

'I'll be with you in five minutes', he responded, 'don't move.'

True to his word he showed up shortly afterwards and ordered me to stand.  'Step
to the foot of the bed, about three feet from the post and bend over and hold
onto it.  I'm going to give you two dozen lashes and I want you to count each
one.' 

This explained my lack of panties and the sturdier heels, but I couldn't for the
life of me understand why I was being punished.  I followed my orders and
despite my own better judgment hesitatingly asked, 'Did I do something wrong
Master?'

I received no answer until all twenty-four strokes had been a given and
accounted for.  My ass and thighs felt like they were on fire as he said in a
happy voice, 'No you did everything just right.  But a feather is not a whip and
your initiation should have been just between us.'  With that he gave me a pat
to my fanny that felt like I had been struck by the whip again.

'My God, I'm not going to be able to sit for quite a while!' I moaned as I felt
my ass reverberating from its rough treatment.

'That's fine', he replied, 'you stand just as you are for another hour, I'm sure
your heels will be happy to keep you company.  After the hour is up you can come
to bed.'  He looked at my questioning eyes.  'Yes, you can remove your heels
when you come to bed, but make sure that you put your slippers on in their
place.'  Then he gave me a resounding whack to my aching ass as he said, 'I'm
off to bed.'

He slid under the covers and turned away from me as I stood there silently
suffering while I held on to the bed post.  He turned back to me and I hoped
beyond hope that he was going to change his mind and let me come to bed with
him.  'Oh, when you come to bed, wake me with a blow job.  I never did get a
chance to get off this evening, unlike some people!'

'Is that all Master?' I asked acidly. 

'Yes, I think that will do nicely baby', he said with a smile.  Then he rolled
back over and I heard him murmur softly, 'I think that I am going to like this
catch up training!'


The next morning began with a bang or in my case a sharp slap across my rear.
'All right out of bed sleepy head time to start your training', Greg said to me
brightly.

'But what about my aerobic work out?'  I asked fuzzily as I was still waking up.

'You've a hour until you normally get up for your workout so don't worry', he
told me graciously.  'During that half-hour you will change your outfit entirely
three times, blow me and then strip and put on your work out leotard.  Is that
clear?'

'Yes, I suppose', I answered as I climbed out of bed.  'But what three outfits
do you want me to wear?'

'That would be Yes Master, we are in training', he told me sternly, yet let my
mistake slide. 'There is a typed list on your vanity table.  Also I have laid
out all of the items on that list in three piles on the hope chest at the foot
of the bed.  As you finish putting on each outfit you will come into the
computer room for inspection, where I will be working on our strategy for the
contest.  Oh by the way you're being timed as of now!'

With that he left and I ran over to the vanity and retrieved the list as I began
pulling my bustier off.  The first outfit was a peignoir set to which he had
added a garter belt, stockings, spike heel mules and gloves.  I threw it all on
quickly and then ran as fast as I could, in the five inch heels, into the
computer room.

'Stop', he called as I ran through the door.  I slid to a stop and he told me to
stand up straight.  Walking over to me he looked me over and the look he was
giving me made me scared.

'Your gown is rumpled, your hair is a mess and you still have the make up on
that you wore yesterday evening', he said with an air of detached animosity. 
'Turn and lift up your gown', he ordered.  I did as instructed.  'And your seams
aren't straight.'

'Turn around and drop your skirts', I again followed directions.  'You are under
the ten minute mark, but you have received four demerits for your lapses.  If
you receive ten demerits, yesterday nights whipping will feel like a love tap. 
Do you understand?'

'Yes Master', I said in a frightened voice.

'Here' he said as he threw me a pair of my isotoner slippers.  'Put these on,
drop and give me ten push ups.'

I slipped quickly out of my mules and put on the soft slippers, knelt and began
my push ups.  As I did them I asked, 'You want me to follow your commands
unerringly, is that it Master?'

'That's part of the reason', he answered easily.  'The other is that I want to
build more definition to your muscle groups and slim your waist just a bit for
the finale when where we are going to turn you into a seductress.'  My face
heated at this as I knew that my body was pretty darn spectacular.  'I shouldn't
have to explain my motives, but you are still so new to this that I will.  You
are incredibly beautiful baby.  Your aerobics keeps you fit, trim and graceful
looking.  What I'm looking for is just the hint of muscle definition in both the
legs and arms to give you that more sensuous caged feline look.  Dangerous
unless kept in check.  Do you understand?'

I felt relived as I regained my feet, 'Yes, Master I think so.  Thank you for
your explanation.'

'Good', he replied, 'now give me ten squats'.  He demonstrated by bending his
knees and lowering his hips towards his spread ankles while he kept his back
straight.'  I had done moves like this in both ballet and yoga so after
spreading my arms gracefully I dipped and straightened the ten times that I was
required.

'That's my girl, now off with you to your second outfit.  I'll start timing you
in fifteen seconds so that you can get back to the bedroom.'  Greg intoned as he
sat back down at the desk and began typing.'

This went on for two more outfits and both times I received more demerits. 
Despite taking more time and effort to create 'the look' I still received more
crummy marks.  First was for taking to long when I put on my make up and than on
the next outfit because I hadn't changed my make up to the new color scheme. 
Unfortunately they weren't the only demerits as I received more for my garter
belts being misaligned, my panties bunched and my breasts not seated properly. 
Thank God, that only made nine, yet regardless I looked at my Master worriedly.

'Not to worry baby, you squeaked by today.  Give me thirty more of those squats
that you do so gracefully and will call it even', Greg said warmly. 

I breathed a sigh of relief and moved into position.  Bending my knees I began
to count.  In between beats I said conversationally, 'The reason that I do them
so... two... gracefully is that these are a ballet move called... three... a
demi-plie or a half plie.  I did them for years and years... four... when I was
younger and thank God my body still remembers!'  I continued my counting as Greg
continued to type.

He finished and turned to me, 'Listen to this strategy that I've concocted for
the contest.  During the first three qualifying events we are basically limited
to the same outfits as all of the other contestants, but in the electives we get
to pick our own outfits and that is where the rubber is going to meet the road.'

'The electives', I repeated perplexed.  'You were just saying yesterday that we
only had a one in ten chance of getting to the electives.'

'If we are going to do this, we are going to do this to win baby', Greg replied
determinedly.  'I can't do this any other way.  How about you?'

'No. Master, that's perfect.  I'm sorry for interrupting you.  You were saying?' 
All right I screamed to myself as I listened attentively, we were on the way!

'The way I see it you look like the perfect girl next store and Malibu Barbie
all wrapped into one.  We want to use that to our advantage by portraying you as
the sweet little innocent, you know Rebecca of Sunny Brook Farm type, right up
until the finale.  Then we change the pace and turn you into the total femme
fatale!

'The girl next store', I repeated thoughtfully.  'No, more like Alice through
the Looking Glass'.

'Hmmm, what was that?'  Greg asked me in a distracted voice as he looked back
towards something on the computer screen.

'Actually, I feel more like Alice in "Alice through the looking Glass"' I
responded.  'You know the innocent girl delving into a fantasy world.'

'Oh, you mean "Alice in Wonderland"', he replied now that I had his attention.

'To you plebeians perhaps, but to the informed English major the name of the
original work was "Alice through the looking Glass", I jested mildly.

He snapped his fingers, 'You know you may have something there!  What if we
dress you up as a sexy Alice during the elective events.  Your blond hair
hanging loosely about your shoulders, perhaps even add a few curls.  That blue
dress with the white apron that she wears could be shortened to hip length and
add some petticoats to fluff it up.  The shirt could be of a white transparent
material in a peasant style with short puffy sleeves.  The panties of course
have to be ruffled and crotch-less.  The stockings should be white tights, but
also with an open crotch.  The shoes to go with it... hmm, perhaps some low
heeled Mary Janes.  No, I'm not crazy about that, we'll have to figure out the
shoes later, but what do you think about the rest of the idea?'  He asked me
with unconcealed excitement in his voice and eyes.

'I think it is a wonderful idea Master', I answered equally excited.  We were
finally both on the same page and it felt great to be working like this with my
lover.  'I'm a pretty fair artist so when you free me from my training today I
could whip you up a couple of drawings that we could take to a seamstress.'

'Excellent', he responded as he stood and hugged me tightly to his chest.  'The
best thing about this plan is that you can wear that outfit in all four of the
elective events and that will eliminate the entire need for the quick change
routine', he said in glee.  'Which means that we can stop wasting our time on
that chicken shit and get down to the real work at hand!'

He turned back to the computer, to re-work his strategy and said off-handedly
over his shoulder.  'You are free to go do you normal work out and take your
shower.  Afterwards I want you back in here in a short skirt, stockings and
bring two or three sets of your six inch heels.'

It was hard to keep my mind on my work out as I wondered what next Greg had in
store for my training.  Obviously it had something to do with high heels, but I
continued to mull over the possibilities.

I arrived back in the room dressed in a simple tartan skirt that was a shade too
long to be called a mini and a sleeveless button down white top.  In my hands I
carried three sets of red heels. 

'Excellent', Greg told me as he looked me up and down, 'that outfit will do
perfectly.  Now put on the most comfortable pair of the heels that you have with
you and lets see you walk.'

I slipped into the red patent leather sandals and stood up hesitantly. 
Fortunately, I had never put a carpet in this room so the hard wood floor made a
solid foundation.  I walked sluggishly across the room trying to remember
everything that I had learned, but the one inch difference between five and six
inch heels made a noticeable difference.  Being third in line at Cassy's party
had made it easy to hide my naivete, but now I was embarrassed at how evident
that it must look to Greg.

'Hmmm', he said thoughtfully.  'You were doing much better a couple of days ago,
are you sure that those are your most comfortable heels?'

'Yes, Master, they are the most comfortable pair of six inch heels', I answered
pointedly.  'And the reason that I was doing better before was because they were
only five and a quarter inch heels and the extra inch does make a big
difference.'  I told him honestly.  He had me continue to walk back and forth
for another thirty minutes, until he called a halt.  I fell exhaustedly into a
nearby chair.

'You not getting any better baby and you say those are your most comfortable
heels?' He asked in a concerned tone.

I nodded glumly.  'Yes, unless you let me wear the five inch heels Master.'

'No', he shook his head adding permanency to his decision.  'I've been reading
all of the web site documentation and message boards and it looks like five inch
is the price of admission this year.  So if we want to win we really need to
have you in six inch heels from the start.  Unfortunately, I've never had to
train anyone to walk in heels before so this is all new to me.'  His face
cleared up and he added with his usual optimism, 'Alright then why don't you
take a rest while I finish reading all of the contests literature.  Afterwards
will put our heads together to come up with our strategy for each event and that
will led us to our training regime!  As for the heels maybe I can get some ideas
from Mike or Sam.'

I brightened up at that thought.  Sure Samantha's video was teaching us newbies
how to walk in heels.  She would definitely be able to help us!  But right now I
was just happy to be taking off my heels and sliding back into my comfy satin
slippers. 

I gathered up a pad and my colored pencils and set to work sketching out some
ideas for my "Alice" costume.  I started with my memories of the very innocent
little girl dress, with white knee socks and low heel Mary Janes.  It was a good
start, but the skirt was too long, so I tried again.  This time I shortened the
skirt length and added the petticoat so that it barely covered my rear end.  I
colored in my legs pure white to simulate tights, but left my feet shoeless as I
agreed with Greg that the Mary Janes just wouldn't cut it.  My eyes were now
drawn to the dresses bodice, it was to blah... to unrevealing. 

Idly, as I waited for inspiration to strike on the "Alice" costume, I was
sketching a corset as the first event of the competition ran through my mind. 
All at once it hit me.  I grabbed my L&L catalogue and flipped to the custom
corset section.  Yes!  I began sketching again changing the bodice to a
Victorian under the bust corset with straps.  The straps were wide and the
corset pointed in an inverted V between my breasts totally emphasizing my
breasts in the see-through peasant blouse.  The short skirt with the petticoats
and white stockings all worked perfectly together.  Now it was just the right
footwear for the outfit that eluded me.

I went back to my sketch of my corset and added my legs and then my new ballet
shoes.  As I worked at getting the arch of my foot just right to make the shoes
look right it all fell together.

I went back to my Alice costume and added baby blue pointe ballet slippers
complete with the ribbons about my ankles.  This was it this was the innocent
yet sexy Alice that Greg wanted to create!

I hurriedly picked up my sketches and ran back into the computer room.  I
spilled out my story to Greg as he looked over the picture.  'Oh yes, this is
excellent.  I can definitely use this.  Think about it we do the hogtie the same
as at Cassy's and you arch your feet in the ballet slippers.  Then we use the
stool and tie you over it so you can again show off your highly arched sole. 
Then for the suspension and the pole I tie you up with just the toes of your
ballet slippers touching the ground.  What did you call that position?'  He
asked.

'On pointe', I said off-handedly as my thoughts turned to my very rusty ballet
skills.

Greg didn't realize that I was lost in thought and went on, 'And I love this
sketch of you in the corset with your ballet heels from last night.  We have to
use something like that as the finale.'  Greg's face began to cloud.  'Off
course that means that you would have to at least be able to stand in those nine
inch heels and we haven't even got you into the sixes!'

Spurred into motion he picked up the phone and dialed.  'Hi Mike. Sharon and I
have been working on her training and wondered if we could ask your lovely wife
a question or two?'  I couldn't hear the reply and motioned this silently to
Greg.  He nodded and put the phone onto speaker mode so that we could both hear
and talk.

'Hello, Greg', Sharon answered brightly, 'what can I do for you two?'

He motioned to me to speak, 'Hi Sam, its me Sharon, I've been trying to walk in
six inch heels that we will need for competition and I just can't seem to get it
right.  I've been following your instructions from the Bondage Instruction
videos which has worked fine for five inch heels, but the six inch heels...
ugh!'

'Let me guess', Sharon said lightly, 'you feel like the Leaning Tower of Piazza
in that you're always leaning too far forward?'

'That's it exactly!' I responded.  'How can I fix it?'

'You're not going to like my answer, because there is no easy fix', she said
gently.  'The key is to find your center, so that you are always keeping your
back straight and you weight centered just a bit forward of directly over your
heels.  The best way to do this is to just stand in front of the mirror and
watch your posture.  In conjunction with that you have to make sure that your
ankles aren't wobbling and that you are able to keep them straight.  Once you
have the standing correct just remember to lean back and relax when you walk. 
Heel touches first and toe shortly afterwards.  After you've done all of that
its practice, practice and more practice.  I'm sorry honey, but I don't know of
any short cuts.'  She paused and then added, 'And for your own health, don't
practice for long periods of time all in the same day, you'll mess up your
tendons.'

I sighed in resignation then asked, 'Do you have any tips for walking in my nine
inch ballet shoes?'

'Yes, honey, don't!'  Samantha said more forcefully.  'It is barely possible to
walk in ballet boots which give a lot more support to your ankle and that still
takes years of practice.'

Tears began to form in my eyes as all my plans for participating in the contest
began to fall into ruins.  'Thaaannkkss...' I stumbled over my words and had to
stop entirely as I began to sob.  Greg thanked Samantha, hung up and took me
into his arms.  I crawled onto his lap like a hurt child and just let my tears
run free.

'I'm sorry', I said through my sobs, 'I've failed you Master.'

'Nonsense baby', Greg said softly, 'we've only just begun.  There has to be
another way.  Someone else that knows something that Sam doesn't know.'  He
paused as if he was sure that he believed his own words, yet continued brightly,
'Heck, if not we'll just go to plan two and use five inch heels and ballet
boots.'

Now I was in total devils advocate mode and responded hotly, 'You said it
yourself, if we want to win that I would need to be in six inch heels.  As for
the boots I'm sure you saw in your reading that they were the big loser last
year.  On top of all of that you want me to stand "on pointe" in ballet
slippers, which is something that I haven't done in half-a-dozen years!'

'There has got to be someone that can pull all of this together', Greg said
disgustedly.  'Ballet, Ballet shoes, high heels... who knows about all of those
things and would help us?'

No one is who, I thought to myself as my tears continued to fall on his
shoulder.  Maybe just maybe I could master the six inch heels in six weeks time,
but the nine inch ballet shoes... impossible.  I couldn't even imagine walking
in them when Lucinda gave them to me.  Lucinda...

'Hmmm, what did you say?'  Greg asked.

I must have spoken out loud at that thought and now as it coalesced I became
excited.  'Lucinda!'  I answered breathlessly.  'Remember she offered to teach
me to walk in the ballet shoes.  She also started to train me in walking in
heels the night she tried to make me hers.'

'Yeah, I'm still not crazy about that', Greg told me.

'Wait it gets better', I said as my eyes lit up with my excitement level.  'When
we were telling each other our life histories, she told me that she still
teaches ballet in the evening.  She said it kept her in shape, but if I read
correctly between the lines it probably also the source of her... companions.'

'I see where you are going with this and I'm not sure that I like it', Greg said
evenly.  'On the other hand we are between a rock and a hard place and we really
could use her help.'  He was silent for a second as I continued to beam my
excitement at him.  'Alright will do it!'

This time he started the phone in speaker mode as he dialed.  'Hello, Ms.
Grant's residence', was said by a young female voice.

'Hello, this is Greg Stanton, is Lucinda in please.'

'Just one minute Sir and I'll see if she is in'.

'Hello Greg, to what do I owe the pleasure of your call?'  Lucinda answered in
an oily tone.

'We need your help Lucinda', Greg told her quickly.  'Let me back up a second
and give you some back ground.  Sharon has wanted us to represent L&L at the
Bondage Convention Contest for awhile now and she and my Dad talked me into it
last night.'

'My goodness that is an aggressive time frame to turn such a newcomer into a
flawless bondage partner', she said smoothly.

'That part I feel confident that we can handle', Greg answered her no-pulsed by
her obvious dig.  'It's our strategy to win that concerns me.  I need her to be
able to walk in six inch heels like a pro and be able to at the very minimum
stand in the ballet heels that you were so kind to give her.'

'In six weeks time?' Lucinda asked in a tone that didn't require an answer. 
'Hmmm, is there anything else that you need?'
 
Her barbs were starting to hit home with Greg and I could see his face turning
visibly darker...  'Yes, there is' I answered her.  'I also need a fast
refresher course in ballet, to re-master the 'on pointe' position which we want
to use during the competition.'  Greg looked at me angrily and I shrugged my
shoulders.  After a bit, he nodded his head in acceptance as he knew that we
needed her more than she did us.

'My, my, my, that's quite a lot to fit in a very short time frame', she said
airily.

'Can you do it or not?'  Greg barked.

'Lucinda, it would mean a lot to me... to us' I added as my eyes begged Greg not
to be mad at me for going against him.

'For you darling anything... both of you', Lucinda responded largely in her
exaggerated New England educated accent.  'Six weeks is tight, but as I remember
you are quite skilled for one so new to her status so I believe that we can
achieve those goals.  I'll see you at four this afternoon and we will see where
your aptitude lies so that we can decide what you need to work on.'

'Hmmm, ummm... my status changed', I told her uneasily.

'Whatever do you mean darling?'  Lucinda rejoined.

'Greg broke me to his collar last night', I said softly as I looked into his
eyes.  The anger in them vanished and I felt his love and pride flow into me.

Lucinda, to her credit, didn't miss a beat, 'Congratulations Greg you couldn't
have picked a finer young lady!  I suppose that your father and I were right
just this once.'

Even in her praise she had to add a dig and I couldn't help feel that it was
because of me.  Greg on the other hand seemed to have grown in stature at my
admission and let it fall form him like water from a ducks back.  'Thank you
Lucinda, for both Sharon and I' then he chuckled as he relaxed, 'and yes Aunty
Lucinda you were right, Sharon is the perfect woman for me.'

Greg put the phone on mute and said softly to me, 'She hates it when I call her
Aunty Lucinda.'

'Hmmm, yes well then I suppose you should come along also' She responded
sounding just a bit miffed.  'In fact it will be necessary for you to learn what
Sharon needs to be taught so that you can keep her on track.  I'm not saying
that I can transplant all of my knowledge to you in such a short period of time,
but I'm sure that I can teach you what to look for when she is doing something
basically incorrectly.'

Greg smiled, 'that would be wonderful Aunty, will be there with bells on a 4pm.'

'Fine, I'll see you then', Lucinda said in a snit and hung up the phone.  Oh,
Lord this afternoon was going to be a whole bunch of fun with those two going at
each other like this!


He wasn't in his best of moods as he ordered me into my red patent leather pumps
and bound me into a hogtie.  It was similar to the particularly onerous one that
I had been in last night and if anything my hair tie was even tighter.  That was
due to the fact that he had not bound my wrists behind my back and to my ankles,
but had attached them to my thighs.  This meant that only my hair and the crotch
rope nestled between my pussy lips was holding my ankles down until they nearly
touched my butt. 

That didn't stop him from taking his pictures though.  Even blindfolded and
gagged I could tell exactly when he was taking pictures of me.  Blindfolds
especially seemed to make my hearing work harder and even the soft whine of the
zoom sounded loud in my ears.  'A half an hour and I'll be back, then a ten
minute break and onto another position', Greg informed me as he went back to his
plotting.  So there I lay, on top of the unrelenting wood surface of the coffee
table.  I could hear the clicking of the computer keys start up in the distance
and I wondered how often he would look up from his work to check on me.  The way
the rooms were set up meant that all he need do was look out the door to his
right and there I would be smack dab in the middle of his view.  That thought
warmed me, but I wished that he had added a little stimulation to my bondage. 
The crotch rope wasn't as effective as it had been yesterday as my poor pussy
was still very tender, so I had to work hard not to saw it into myself by
keeping my feet still.  That, of course, meant no pussy pleasure!  Yuck.

The afternoon passed away in this manner as Greg bound me in one position after
another.  The rest of the positions weren't as strenuous and I found myself
enjoying being helpless and luxuriated in restful bliss in during each of our
little sessions.

At about three in the afternoon Greg freed me.  I was given time to clean up and
refresh myself, which was nice but I did feel a bit stressed that it had gotten
so late.  So despite being quite hungry, I decided against making a late lunch
and instead grabbed a couple of granola bars and a large glass of Poland Springs
ice water.  Taking my repast to my vanity table I worked valiantly to put my
make up back in order.  I was ready at quarter to four with a small bag of high
heels packed.


We were greeted at the door by a young woman wearing a Leather & Lace version of
a maids uniform.  I couldn't help but notice that she walked very well in her
heels and commented so softly to Greg.  He responded with five fingers on one
hand and a thumb down below it on the other.  Hmmm, now that I knew what to look
for I realized he was right.  Her heels were probably only about four and a half
inches or so.  I nearly laughed at that thought... only (!) four and a half
inches.  It wasn't all that long ago when those were highest heels that I had
ever worn and perhaps ever intended to wear!

We were lead down into the basement of Lucinda's large house to a room that had
been transformed into a dance studio.  The flooring was of a light colored oak
and the ceiling was deceptively high due to the diffuse recessed lighting.  One
entire wall was covered by floor to ceiling mirrors, which I knew to be
essential to learning ballet.  Lucinda was stretching gracefully at the bar set
into the wall and saw us first in the reflection from the mirror.

She stepped off of the bar and turned gracefully.  Lucinda wore a plain black
leotard, black tights, white leg warmers and gleaming white satin ballet toe
shoes.  'Ah, so you have arrived', she said evenly and then to her servant,
'Kristen you may resume your duties.'

'Yes Mam', she said curtseying before she left the room. 

'I see you found a new plaything', Greg said roughly.

Rather than rising to his bait, Lucinda walked over and hugged him.  'Yes, dear
boy and she is keeping me quite entertained so lets all relax and enjoy the fact
that you two young people have joined forces.'  Greg visibly relaxed and Lucinda
looked over to me and said blithely, 'Try to move in on the poor boys
step-mother and no one ever forgives you.'

'What?' I stammered in disbelief.

Greg chuckled, 'Lucinda took a pass at Dad about 10 years ago.  It didn't quite
work out the way that she had planned.'

'How was I to know that Cassiopeia could have sunk her claws so deeply into your
father in only six short months', she said in her own defense.  'And you were
even more under her spell than he was!'

This time Greg gave a full bellied laugh, 'Well, I wouldn't have called it a
spell, but yeah Cassy and I had become pretty tight by the time that I was
sixteen.'

'Yes, yes, I've heard the story a hundred times from your step-mother', Lucinda
said with a wave of her hand.  'How you rode in like a white knight and rescued
her all those days that your father left her bound and gagged.'

'Now, now Lucinda', Greg responded warmly, 'be nice to mom she was the first one
to forgive you!'

'Yes, well that's true enough', she said and then looked over at me.  'What's
wrong with you girl?  You look like the cat just stole your tongue!'

'But... but I thought that you liked... girls', I stammered.  Both Greg and
Lucinda laughed together and while my face reddened they both seemed to totally
relax.  

'Look at your boyfriend here', she said putting her hand on Greg's shoulder. 
'His father is still a good looking man, but at forty he was truly prime!  And
while I do very much enjoy dallying with women, not girls darling, I do also
like men.  Powerful and available men are few and far between... so what can I
say.  I was weak.'

It took me a moment to assimilate everything, but soon it all made sense.  I
only saw Lucinda as a dominant because that was all that I knew her as, but she
had told me that she had started out as a submissive and only a bad experience
had switched her onto her new track.  So obviously, for the right man, the right
dominant man she might be willing to switch back to her original role.  Wow.

'It's about time that we got down to business', Lucinda said, so I reached into
my bag and began pulling out a pair of my six inch heels.  'No, no, no.  Over
here in my class room first and then later we will see how you do in heels. 
Remember, I have a pretty good idea from what I saw back at the A frame so I am
going to start with the basics first.'

She led us over to a corner of the room which had six of those single seat desks
that you see in college class rooms around the world.  On the wall in front of
us was a large chalk board.  My eyes strayed to the padlocked door at the far
end of the room and after my recent experiences with this group I was reasonably
certain that it led to her own private dungeon.

Snap.  The sound of wood on wood made me look down to where Lucinda's pointer
had landed on my desk.  'Pay attention now or with your Master permission the
next time this rod lands it will not be on your desk!'

'Yes, Mam', I gulped as I noticed Greg nodding affirmatively in my peripheral
vision.

That is how my training started.  Three main things were up on the board,
exercises, ballet training and heel training.  'What we have to do first is get
you to the point that you are fit enough to walk in extremely high heels to do
this we will be employing a series of isotonic / isometric exercises.  By this I
mean a series of gentle movements in which the muscles hold your body in one
extended position against the resistance of gravity for a period of five to ten
seconds or so, before relaxing and repeating. This is the way to strengthen your
muscles and improve their flexibility.'  She looked at me and shook her head, '
No, we are not talking about all those aerobics' that you are so fond of, just
exercises, that build up gradually, and if it hurts you stop. A series of gentle
regular sessions is infinitely more effective than one or two frantic ones.
Don't expect miracles. It will probably take from two to three weeks to really
make a difference.'

She then went on to explain 'heel raises', 'tip toe walking' and 'calf
stretches'.  Later I was informed as I began to work in heels, I would be taught
'balance' and 'half crouches'.  But to start I was to be doing those three
exercises throughout the day for short periods until I could build up to longer
periods.  She had me perform each of the exercises, which were relatively
simple, until I had them down to her satisfaction.  At times she would tell me
to hold a position, such as standing bare foot on my tip toes while she pointed
out to Greg the muscle groups in my legs and how they should react to the
exercise.  More than once I felt the crack of her crop like pointer against my
buttocks or thighs when I didn't respond quickly enough.

During a calf stretching exercise where I had both hands firmly planted onto the
back of a chair, with my front leg flexed at the knee and my rear leg stretched
from arch to calf Lucinda graced me with a rather violent crack of her crop.  I
cried out, but held my pose and Greg made is if to intervene. 

Lucinda's calm words stopped him, 'Have you ever raised a dog before Greg?'  He
shook his head no.  'Well, there are two methods to do so.  The first is to give
the dog a reward every time that they do something right.  I'm sure that you've
heard of it, perhaps labeled as positive reinforcement.'  She looked at him as
he nodded and then continued.  'Then there is the method of swatting the dog on
his nose or hind quarters when he doesn't obey swiftly enough or does something
wrong.  That is known as negative reinforcement.'

She ran the pointer down my perfectly flexed leg, making me shiver and then
continued.  'Both methods work, but the dog that has been swatted will always
respond more quickly then the one that has been rewarded.'  Again the rod slid
up my leg and over my butt. 

'You see how Sharon hasn't made even one error twice?'  Greg nodded yes, though
it seemed to me reluctantly.  'Perhaps you should keep in mind what I've said
while you train her.'  I didn't very much care for being likened to a dog, but I
wasn't about to say anything with that rod hovering so near to my rear.  Hmmm, I
suppose that she did have a point after all.

After that I was handed a set of clothes similar to the ones that she was
wearing and told to go into the locker room to change.  It was small, only large
enough for six or eight women, but I suppose that smaller hand picked classes
would probably suit Lucinda very well.  When I emerged I was ordered over to the
bar.  'I want to see what you remember from your ballet training.  Let me see
your plie's with your feet in all five positions.'  Oh, Lord this was truly
torture.  Not so much on my muscles as on my memory!  How exactly to place my
feet?  How to crouch gracefully in that position?  What to do with my arms,
which I knew were supposed to flow gracefully.  As I raised myself from my fifth
movement Lucinda stood in front of me shaking her head. 

Crack.  I yelped in surprise as I looked in surprise at Greg who had picked up
another springing bamboo pointer and had used it on my nearly naked rear end! 
'Even I could tell that that was horrible', he said evenly.

'Your quite right Greg', Lucinda agreed, 'that was truly horrendous, yet you can
tell from her movements that at least she was well trained.'  Lucinda paused in
thought.  'Alright then lets just see what you remember, give me a releve into
an on pointe position... if you can manage it.'

I was determined now to do my best and swept my arms above my head as gracefully
as a swan raising its wings to fly.  Slowly I raised my arches, past the tip toe
position of resting on the balls of my feet in demi-pointe, until all my weight
rested entirely on my toes.  I knew I had made it and this truly amazed me, but
that split second of inattentiveness cost me.  My ankles began to wobble and I
fell back to the floor in a heap.

'I'm sorry', I said brokenly, 'I'll try again.'

'No, no not yet', Lucinda said as she opened a chest of drawers and pulled out
another pair of slippers.  'Here try these on.  They maybe a tad tight as I'm a
half size smaller than you, but they are pretty well broken in so they will
probably fit.'

'Why the slipper switch?' Greg asked.

'Her ankles began a sickling motion which is a term for putting to much weight
on the 4th and 5th toes of the foot.  The slippers that I use now that I, um a
bit past my prime shall we say, are from the makers Gaynor Minden.  They are
known in the dance world to produce the best alignment which will help offset
Sharon's problem.'  After I had finished slipping into the new shoes and binding
the laces about my ankles, I moved back into position unasked.

'Good', Lucinda said, 'lets try that again.  And this time concentrate!'  With
that word she cracked the crop against the desk to remind me of my fate if I
should fail.

I looked at Greg's stern face and knew that we were coming to the breaking
point.  If I couldn't prove to him that I could do what was necessary to win
this competition I knew that he would soon lose his desire to pursue the contest
regardless of what his parents thought.

Clearing my mind I put myself back into my dance class as a young lady.  My
breathing slowed and my arms seemed to move of their own accord.  My heels rose
slowly off the floor, moving through each of the three major arches.  With a
last smooth flexing of my muscles I stepped onto my toes.  My legs were arched
like a wish-bone and my arms formed a tulip above me.  I continued to breathe
evenly letting my body softly lock into position and held my pose.  The music in
my head, that always seemed to be there when I used to dance, mesmerized me with
its strength and beauty.  As the music changed pitch I knew it was time and I
slowly and gracefully lowered myself back onto the floor.'

I opened my eyes to see Greg clapping and grinning from ear to ear, 'That was
incredible!' He cried, 'Bravo.'

Lucinda had crossed her arms and looked thoughtful.  Her bamboo rod hung loosely
from her wrist as if forgotten.  I took that as a good sign.  'How long did you
study ballet darling?'  She asked softly.

'I'm not sure exactly because I'm not totally sure how early my mother started
me, but I didn't stop until my senior year in high school', I replied.  I
stopped because my mother cared more about me becoming the next prima ballerina
to a prestigious dance company and I didn't want anything to with it!  It was
always her dream not mine, although I had loved the beauty of it all.

'Did you have any significant roles in plays that your studio was involved in?'
She asked now looking very interested.

'Yes, I had an understudy role in 'Swan Lake' which we performed at the
Westchester County Arts Center', I answered a bit embarrassed.

'Let me guess' Lucinda said with a smile, 'Odette?'

'Yes', I answered with a tinge of pride in my voice.

'I thought that move of yours was familiar', she said with a hint of laughter in
her voice.

'What are you two talking about?' Greg asked.

'Your girl friend used to be a pretty outstanding ballerina in her youth. 
Odette is the lead female role in the classic ballet Swan Lake and she was the
understudy.'  She looked again at me.  'You refused the lead role didn't you?'

'Yes, how did you know?'  I asked perplexed.

'Yet, somehow you managed to dance the role three out of five nights, correct?' 
She said with a smile.

'Yes, but how could you know?' Now I was truly dumbfounded. 

'Do you remember the name Ms. Abbernapthy?' Lucinda continued to question me.

'Yes, she was my ballet instructor Ms. Minerva's friend.  I think she helped out
with the choreography.'  I said and than the light dawned as I looked at her
face and saw those same eyes that I had seen years ago in my youth.  'You're
Mistress Appernapthy!'

'Correct darling and though I can thank my short marriage to Mr. Grant to save
me from that name!', she told me haughtily, 'At the time I remember seeing all
of the potential that you possessed during rehearsals and in my own little way
was trying to force you to see it also.  You see it was I that had Minerva
change the lead.  And your supposition at the time that it had to do with your
mother's money was totally inaccurate.  Such a shame that you and she couldn't
reconcile your differences as it was such a waste of talent to lose you.'

'Thank you', I said lowering my eyes.

'So what does this all mean to our chances in the contest?'  Greg asked in
frustration.

'Ever the practical one, aren't you Gregory?'  Lucinda continued in the same
tone.

'Yes, Aunty Lucinda, now please answer the question', Greg responded with a
chuckle that took the sting out of his words.

'What it means dear boy is that WE still have a lot of work to do, but her vast
ballet experience is going to definitely help speed the process', Lucinda said
warmly.  'In fact I think the good news here is that with a strong dose of
negative reinforcement that we will be able to get this young lady on her toes
in nearly no time at all!'  Great now the two of them were working together,
that could only mean that I was really in trouble.  'And that dear boy is going
to be the genesis of her being able to stand and perhaps even walk in those nine
in ballet heels!'

Greg stood up and took Lucinda in his arms and hugged her close.  'Thank you
Lucinda' he said gratefully and kissed her on the cheek before he stepped back. 
For the first time ever I saw Lucinda blush and look away.

In a second though her composure was back and she turned on Greg with a
dangerous smile that I didn't like as soon as I saw it.  'Hmmm, I couldn't have
your father... so what about you?'  As I went to move in between the two, Greg
grabbed Lucinda tightly about the waist and looked down deeply into her eyes
with a wolf like glare.  'Anytime, anywhere' he rumbled in his deep rich voice,
'but don't think that you'll ever have the top role!'  To my great surprise
Lucinda pushed herself out of his grasp and smoothed out her leotard
fastidiously.

'Yes, well we will have to leave that for a later day', she said primly.  'I
think it is high time that I saw Sharon walk in heels, five inch heels first I
think.'

I went back to my bag and retrieved a pair of red pumps which sported a set of
cross straps across the top of my foot.  Lucinda and Greg followed me and as I
slipped into the heels, Lucinda told me to walk in line with the bar.  Standing
I did as directed and walked the twenty feet to the end of the room and did the
fancy quick turn that I had learned from my bondage instructional tapes and
walked back.

'Alright, now your six inch heels', Lucinda said as I smiled in victory.  Well
that took the wind from my sails.  Greg had made me take my red patent leather
court pumps.  They were plain of any decoration and unfortunately didn't even
have an ankle strap that might have provided a bit of extra support.  I stood up
slowly in the heels working hard to keep my ankles from wobbling. 

'Alright then proceed', Lucinda called to me. 

Everything that felt right when I walked in the five inch heels felt wrong in
the sixes.  I stepped uncertainly forward and took one hesitating step after
another.

'Head up, eyes forward', Lucinda ordered me.  I responded immediately as I heard
her rod smack hard against wood. 

Crack.  I cringed at the sound of the rod slamming the desk for a second time. 
'Your arms are not circus balancing poles!  They should be swinging naturally by
your side.'  I did my best to do as she instructed, but it made me feel as if I
was going to fall flat on my face at any second.  'Relax and lean back, for
God's sake', Lucinda said in total exasperation.  I lurched forward until I
reached the end of the room and slowly turned for my terrifying walk back. 
'Stop', Lucinda commanded.  'Put out your right hand and grasp the bar lightly. 
Now, straighten your back and find your center in the heels.'  With the bar in
my hand I was able to remove the fear of falling for the first time and my body
began to respond to her words.  'Good, now walk.  Your left arm should sway
gently.'  This time it felt nearly the same as walking in the five inch heels
and the tears that had almost overcome me turned to smiles as I reached my two
mentors.

'What do you think?' Greg asked in a concerned voice as if he was talking to a
doctor about some sort of surgery.

'I think that we have our work cut out for us', she responded calmly.  'It's
obvious that she hasn't been wearing high spiked heels for long and the only
good thing that I can see is how quickly she picked up on the five inch heels. 
Unfortunately, that is pretty common for most women that have been accustomed to
wearing three and four inch heels.  What is also common for most women is that
they never master anything higher.'  Lucinda held up a hand to stop Greg from
asking a further question and then continued.  'However, most women never had
the two of US to train them!'  She paused to look me over as I stood there still
holding the bar for support.  'Yes darling you were absolutely horrible today,
but in five or six weeks I promise you that you will be walking like an angel on
water in those same heels!'

Greg took both of her hands in his and thanked her.  Lucinda wasn't quite done
with us yet though.  She wanted me back every evening at nine P.M. to work with
me further.  Before we left she wrote out a list of exercises that she wanted me
to do every day for leg, ankle and foot strengthening, below that she added
another list of ballet exercises.  As we were about to leave she called, 'Oh
darling, just one last thing.  Don't wear high heels every day to work to help
sped the process along.  All you will achieve is shortening your Achilles tendon
which will give you problems which can become serious.  Swap your heels around
so you wear one, two, three, four and five inch heels on a rotating basis.  If
you can switch throughout the day even better.  Also, in doing the toe walking
exercises that I'm having you do, don't just do it at some specific time of the
day, it would be better if you just worked it into your routine.  Tip toe out to
get the paper in the morning, make coffee, or perhaps when you serve dinner. 
Like I said start with three minutes a day, but as long as you calves aren't
hurting work to push it up to at least ten minutes a day.  Understood?'

'Yes, Mam' I answered respectfully.  'Thank you, Mam.'

'You are such a lovely quick study darling', she told me with a gleam in her
eye.

'My name is baby Mam, not darling.  My Master named me that', I said with as
much force as a good submissive could.

It did the trick and took that hawk like look in her eye, 'Very well baby.  I
will see you tomorrow at 9pm.'


The two weeks in one part seemed to melt away before I even knew they had begun,
yet in another way seemed to last forever as my aching muscles strove to get
ready for the contest.  I met every day with a smile and a positive attitude,
but by the end of the evening I was totally bushed and felt a hundred years old!

I was only working half days now, but I tried to fit a whole day of work into
it.  Mr. Harrison finally stopped me when he realized that I was bringing work
home when my main goal should have been getting ready for the contest.  Everyone
at the office began to look at the two of us differently and we began to take on
a weird celebrity like status.  However it was their support and good wishes
that helped immensely to motivate me again and again to return to my arduous
training schedule.

I was up early each morning doing my heel lifts and calf stretching.  This was
interspersed with Greg's leg lifts and push ups, plus my normal aerobic workout. 
During breakfast I walked on tip-toe the entire time that I was setting the
table, putting out the food and drinks and making the coffee.  Even at work I
continued my regime, by switching between heel heights from day to day.  Back at
home for lunch was again on tip-toe.  Greg would then bind me in a number of
different ways, often leaving me bound standing in my six inch heels for half an
hour at a time. When he wasn't tying me up I had to do my ballet exercise for an
hour to an hour and a half per day.  Dinner saw me free again and let me slide
back into my comfortable satin slippers as I tip-toed for minutes at a shot
through its preparation.  After dinner was thankfully a time for relaxing where
Greg and I would talk about our day and our wishes for the future, yet
inevitably this devolved into a discussion on contest strategy.  Nine pm every
evening found us at Lucinda's house where she ran me through a vigorous ballet
workout, before working with me in heels.

During that first week Lucinda presented me with a brand new pair of baby blue
Gaynor Minden ballet pointe shoes.  We had told her about the Alice idea and
this was her very unexpected response.  I was really touched.  Unfortunately
that wasn't the only thing that she touched me with!  There wasn't an evening
that went by in which I did receive a least a half-a-dozen swats with her
training rod.

So by the end of the evening, my muscles ached like there was no tomorrow, I was
exhausted and there was my Master who still wanted to be sated.  Oh, yes, he
would take me from time to time during the day, but he seemed to live for a good
climax at the start and end of every day!  The good news was that because we
were both so busy, he settled for a blow job more often than not, which was just
fine by me.  The crotch ropes that he had me wear nearly constantly while in
bondage had rubbed my poor cunny raw and I was happy to give it every rest that
I could.  Add to that, the fact that he had been practicing breast bondage on me
regularly, complete with attendant nipple clamps and I was more than happy to
blow him.

Through it all though, despite him treating me like some recruit at boot camp, I
came to see that he truly loved me.  About ten days into our training he was
working late and I went to sleep without him.  It was the first time that I had
gone to sleep alone since he had moved in and it seemed unnatural.  It took me a
while to finally fall to sleep and that too is unusual for I normally fall
asleep as soon as my head hits the pillow.

When I woke Greg wasn't in our bed.  Nor was he in the computer room that was
rapidly being converted into an office / war room, with computer enhanced
pictures posted on the walls showing contestants in different stages of the
contest.  I was starting to despair when I walked into the kitchen and found an
envelope propped up against the vase of flowers.  I opened the card, the front
of which showed two people holding hands and walking contentedly along the surf
ruffled shore.

Dear baby,

Last night when I came to bed I noticed something that I had never noticed
before.  You were having a bad dream and I reached over to you and gently ran my
fingers through your hair as I whispered soothing nothings in your ear.  Shortly
your agitation turned to soft sounds like the cooing of a contented dove and
your body slid unconsciously into the crook of my own.

What I noticed however was how much it pleased me to comfort you.  I've
comforted others before, yet it always felt like an obligation, with you lying
in my arms it felt as natural as the sun coming up in the morning.  Comforting
you made me feel good as I felt as if I was giving you back some of the
multitude of goodness that you never fail to give to me.

It amazes me every time that I stop and remember not to take you for granted,
just how much I love you!  I suppose it is because that I had nearly given up on
my fantasies actually taking form, but in you all has become real.

Always,

Greg

BTW... You are doing great!  Hang in there and we are going to turn this contest
on its ear!

The tears rolling down my cheeks were like the cleansing rain bringing life and
beauty to all the earth.  I sniffed at the flowers which were roses from my own
mini-garden on my small back deck.  He must have gotten up at 5am to pick them
as they were still laden with the morning dew.  He new how much I loved flowers
and this was his way of giving me a gift regardless of our hectic schedules. 
The tears began to flow again, but I shook them off and reinvigorated by his
love for me set back to work. 


At the end of those two weeks we were well along the path that we had set out
upon to win the contest part of the bondage convention.  Greg called me into the
computer room and I walked their nearly effortlessly on tie-toe.  'Take a look
at this' he said pointing at the computer screen.  I looked and it took me a
minute to realize that the picture in front of me was a view of the lava rock
walk part of the contest from last year.  A host of women with pained faces were
running through the course.

'Ok', I said, 'It's the lava walk, but I don't see anything special.'

'Neither did I until I looked at wear all the ladies were invariably looking',
he said.

'Where they are looking? Oh, I see what you mean they are all looking down.'

'Right, now look at this shot.'  It was a top down shot of the contestants. 
Then he zoomed on one of the contestants until we could see the placement of her
feet.

'The rocks don't cover the entire floor', I cried out in surprise. 

'Give the lady a prize', Greg said with a smile.  'There seems to be a metal
grate used to let the heat from below come up to heat the lava rocks.  Look, all
of the contestants that know what they are doing are stepping carefully between
the rocks so that they don't stumble.'  Greg switched photos to one displaying a
woman who had fallen and was obviously shrieking in pain.  'Don't let them fool
you about that stupid hot cup of coffee line in the contest rules, 150 degrees
is plenty hot to give you a nasty burn.'

'So I'll do like the ladies and avoid the rocks and stay on the grate as much as
possible', I said easily.

'That's exactly right, in this instance', Greg responded evenly.  'But what I am
getting at is that this would have been a simple beginner's mistake that we
would have fallen into because we didn't have the experience of someone that had
been through this before.'

'OK, I understand your point, but how do we overcome it?'  I asked.

'We have to find someone that will tell us about there experiences in the
contest', Greg said calmly.

'I take it that you know someone that's participated in the contest before', I
said as I put two and two together.

'Yes.  I looked through all of the names of the contestants from last years
contest and saw three that I knew from my film days.  Two of them wouldn't give
me the time of day because they don't want to give any information away, but the
third was willing to... talk.'  Greg told me, with just a hint of caution in his
voice.

'And just why would this third woman want to talk to us?'  I wondered aloud.

'Probably because she was a former lover of mine and she still has some
unresolved issues', he told me softly.  He saw my face flush and knew that I was
about to say something, but forestalled me with a look.  'It gets worse.  When I
broke it off with her she stalked me until I had to get a police order to
restrain her.'

'Don't tell me this is the woman that Lucinda and your Dad tried to set you up
with before me?' I said in total disbelief.

'The one and only.  Crazy Chris, I used to call her, short for Christobel.'  He
informed me with a smile.  'You can't blame Lucy and Dad really when I first
went out with her I thought that she was perfectly normal.  With, of course, the
notable exception of the one abnormality that I wanted her to possess. 
Unfortunately, as time went on she wouldn't let me out of her sight.  She
started to wear leathers like some biker chick and more than once roughed up a
few of the women that came up to me to chat.  Heck, I would have told the ladies
I was taken myself, but she always had a good excuse why she just had to handle
it.  After awhile it just became ridiculous.'  Greg looked at me.  'You know
that I don't expect our relationship to be a true 24/7 and it was the same with
her.  But now I was starting to feel like I was owned, so I said enough is
enough and called it quits.'

'And you want us to meet with this insane person to get information about the
contest?'  I asked slowly.

'Despite the unpleasantness of the idea, if we want a shot at winning I think
that we have to do this', he replied in a disgusted voice.

'So when do we meet with her?'  I asked in resignation.

'Tonight at 6pm in at a little bar and grill in Greenwich', he said softly.

Looking over at the clock on his computer screen, I winced.  It was nearly 5pm
now and Greenwich was a fifteen minute drive.  'Right then, I suppose that I
better get dressed.'  Being as I was wearing a baby doll and slippers, which was
my unofficial uniform about our home, this seemed like a safe bet.

Thirty minutes later I was looking at myself critically in my full length
mirror.  I wore my black knee high leather boots with the three inch block
heels, wide woven fishnet stockings whose lace tops were just covered by my
black leather mini-skirt.  The short slit on the side however, would leave no
one in doubt that I wore stockings and garters and not panty hose.  I left my
belly bare to show off the newly tightened muscles of my stomach.  No, there was
no six-pack as I would never want to be that muscular, but the definition about
my waist could not be denied.  I wore a leather halter top, which looked like a
large inverted V emerging below my neck from the pseudo collar that snapped
together at the rear.  It showed none of my breasts, yet the way they were
cupped in the material made them a predominant part of my anatomy.  I had
braided much of my long hair into three separate pieces, one on each side and on
at the back.  Then I looped the two sides to the back, around my head and mated
them to their cousin in the rear.  It gave me a sort of Valkyrie type look that
was just what I wanted.  To top my outfit off I slid into a hip length leather
jacket that just bristled with buckles and zippers.

I smiled at myself in the mirror and thanked the Gods that be that I was such a
pack rat!  I hadn't worn most of this stuff since I was in my rebellious teen
years, but now I was very glad that I still had it.

I walked back into Greg's home office at twenty to six.  Greg looked up from his
computer and his jaw dropped open.  Then one those classic roguish grins spread
across his face.  'My, my, my, don't you look just good enough to arrest!  And
just whom are you supposed to be?'

Slowly I removed my wrap around sunglasses which had been hanging by one arm
from the top pocket of my jacket.  Flicking them open I slid them on all the
while keeping my face stone still.  In my own mind the opening chords of Bad to
the Bone played in my head.

Greg chuckled good naturedly, 'Arnie Schwarzenager best look out. It looks like
there is a new marshal in town!'  He shook his head and continued to smile.  'I
suppose that that outfit is intended to send my ex-stalker a message?'

'Exactly', I said, 'go ahead and make my day!'

Greg began to laugh so hard that he had to wrap his arms around his sides.  He
saw my anger rising and forestalled, 'I'm not laughing at your outfit only your
mixing of movie metaphors.  Dirty Harry is the one who says 'Go ahead, make my
day' not the terminator.  Heck, you don't even like those movies and I don't
think you had seen them either until I met you!'

'And what choice did I have', I shot back, 'when you had me tied to the bed!'  I
folded my arms over my chest, 'besides those movies fit my mood at the moment.'

Greg stood up and put his arm around my shoulders as he led me towards the front
door.  He stopped at the hall closet and retrieved his own leather jacket.  From
the pockets he removed and then donned a pair of fingerless black leather
driving gloves and slid on a pair of Ray Bans.  'Never let it be said that this
master can't be managed from the bottom... when she's right!  Alright biker
Barbie lets go get 'em!'

Stepping into his T-roofed Firebird with the throaty roar of its oversized
engine seemed perfectly fitting.  Greg had been complaining about the car since
he had returned home and I could understand his point that it didn't fit the
person he had become.  However we had been too busy to go car shopping, so it
only made sense that he use the car that his father had lovingly cared for all
of the years that he was in California.  Today though, Greg looked right at home
behind the wheel of the car that he had loved so much in high school.

The bar was a little hole-in the wall place.  When I was in college we used to
call them "townie" bars as it was basically populated by the people that lived
in the area and not college kids.  The decor was rustic with heavy dark wood
hand hewn beams and mahogany booths.  The bar top was a shining sheet of copper
that looked as if it had been polished recently.  The place fit its name of the
Lock, Stock and Barrel.

Greg whispered to me, 'there she is' and turned towards the window booth in
which she was sitting.  No, sitting isn't the right word to describe her
posture; she was lounging in the booth as if she owned the place.  One booted
foot was up on the bench seat showing off her shapely leg and even, I noticed
hotly, a bit of her panties beneath her micro mini.  

Her outfit was as garish as mine was dark.  Red patent leather boots, white
thigh length stockings, her red skirt that couldn't be more then twelve inches
long, a white patent leather bikini style top, lightly covered by her open
leather jacket that matched her boots and skirt.  Her flaming red mane flowed
down about her shoulder in a host of spiraling curls that seemed out of place
with her outfit.  The one thing that I couldn't fault was her body.  Good Lord,
even seated I could tell that she was inches taller than me and all of her
curves appeared to have been carved from a sandy colored Italian marble in
exactingly perfect proportions.

'Hello Chris, long time', said Greg evenly as he slid into the booths bench
opposite her.  I followed his led and sat down besides him.

'Aren't you forcing me to break the law by being within one hundred feet of me?' 
She asked with a wicked smile.

'Let's put old issues behind us', Greg responded, 'besides that injunction ran
out nearly two years back.'

'Of course, now that you need something from me I'm sure that you would like
just that', she hissed like a snake.  'You want to know all about the events in
the bondage contest and little 'ol Christobel is the only person that will give
you any information'.  She said in a mock child like voice then she switched
into a sexy throaty tone as she leaned over the table and put her face only
inches from Greg's.  'Like in the first event, the beauty pageant, when your
wrists are bound to your collar and you are totally helpless in your too high
heels. Do you know what the proctor loves to do to the new meat, lover?'

I bristled but said nothing as I could see that she was getting no reaction at
all from my man.  Greg shook his head slowly no.

'Why he takes a paddle to your bottom is what he does', she said in an oily
voice that would have made Lucinda cringe.  'Yes, I can see by your eyes that
you think you already knew that, but did you know that he swings upward from
near the floor like a baseball player trying for a home run?  No, I didn't think
so.  And if you aren't ready for it, it will knock you entirely out of your
heels and off of your feet.  Which just happens to be cause for an automatic
elimination' she said in her soft viper-like voice.

'Hmmm, good information', Greg said as she oozed back down into her seat.

'Not so fast lover', she said with a slimy smile.  'I'm perfectly willing to
tell you everything that I know, but I want something in return.'

I went to jump up and tell her where to get off as I was sure that I knew what
she wanted, but Greg's strong hand clamped down on my shoulder and held me in
place.  Her fevered eyes never left his as if I didn't exist at all.

'Sorry, Chris-to-bell', Greg said drawing out her full name, 'you can't have
me.'

'Oh, it's not you I want lover', she said with a wicked grin.  'It's her!' She
nearly yelled as she pointed her finger at my face.  'Her and me, outside in the
back.  If she wins I tell you what I want to know, if I win I tell you
nothing... and I had the pleasure of beating up your new little play thing!'

'This conversation is over', Greg said nearly spitting as his anger began to
pass it limits.  'Baby move'.

I got out of the booth and stood there uncertainly as he slid out and stood next
to me.  Christobel stood up in front of me, showing off her height, and ran a
finger down one of my cheeks and up the other.  'You call her baby, how very
appropriate.' 

I batted her hand away and my resolution formed within my core as that
terminator theme burned in my ears.  'Yes, I am his baby, but I'm your doom!' 
Even in my own ears it sounded weak, but this... this vixen, wasn't going to get
the better of me.  Besides what she knew could give us the edge that we needed
to win. 

Greg made to move in between the two of us, but was stopped as two huge bouncers
grabbed his arms.  'The lady said it's her fight let's just leave it between
them.'  I realized now that his ex-lover must have orchestrated this whole thing
but that didn't help as I watched Greg struggle futilely in the grip of those
two brutes.  Then speaking in a calm voice that I didn't really feel I smiled at
him and said, 'Greg relax', then turning to her, 'she's mine.'

She went to dive at me but was held back by another bouncer who said, 'Well take
this outside ladies.  I don't want all of my furniture busted up.'

Greg and Christobel were escorted by the bars bouncers out the back door, while
I walked along calmly.  I can't say why I felt as confident as I did because I
had never been in a real fight in my life and the one semester self-defense
course that I had taken in college wasn't geared to prepare me for this brawl. 
Yet, my mind seemed to be working in overdrive and everything seemed perfectly
clear. 

It was if I had more time to think everything through, as if time had somehow
slowed for me.  I was glad to see that Greg was no longer struggling between the
two bouncers.  His face was worried and his fists were clenched in rage, but at
least he believed in me enough to stop wasting his time trying to fight off
those two guys which were each half again his weight.

The head bouncer, who I heard someone of the maybe fifteen or so people who had
followed us to the back lot say, was named Arty.  Arty let go of my opponent and
pushed her behind him so that he stood between the two of us. 

He looked at me and said, 'Chris here', he jerked his thumb pointing over his
shoulder at her 'obviously wanted this fight and she's a real tom cat that knows
how to handle her self.  You, on the other hand, don't look like you could fight
your way out of a paper bag, so if you don't what to fight her you and your
boyfriend should just walk away now.'

The easy out was on the table.  How could I not take it?  I thought about Greg,
the last few months at L&L and the contest and this brought a smile to my face. 
Heck, when did I ever take the easy route?

'Thank you for the offer, but I'll fight her', I said confidently as the crowd
formed into a circle around us 'because she has something that I need.  Besides,
perhaps I'll surprise you.'

Arty nodded his head, 'It's your funeral sweetheart.'  He turned sideways so he
could now see both of us, 'When one of you is down and can't get up under your
own power the fight is over.'  Stepping back he smiled lazily, 'Have fun
ladies.'

We started to circle each other about the ring of on lookers.  Some of them were
calling out to Chris, their local favorite, to take me out, but others were
cheering me on.  The smile was still on my face as with my mind in overdrive I
couldn't help but think how much this resembled any number of bad movies.  The
pretty heroine locked in a fight that she can't win with the sultry nut case,
who's only intention is to hurt her old boyfriend.  Heck, I had even dressed for
the part!

As I continued to keep my distance I slipped out of my leather jacket and tossed
it to Arty.  He caught it deftly.  'Thanks, I didn't want to mess up my coat.'

'It isn't you coat that I was aiming to mess up missy', Chris nearly spit at me. 
She took off her own coat and threw it to Arty in a theatrical move that was
undoubtedly supposed to have gotten my attention, because just at that moment
she charged.

I had been dancing about on the balls of my feet, just as I had been for the
last two weeks during my ballet practice.  Four quick mincing steps to the right
and I was out of her path.  As her grasping arms reached for me I simply slid my
arm up inside of her and then as a swan opening its wings brushed her nearest
arm away. He head long charge was only stopped by the crowd that rebounded and
pushed her back into the circle.  I danced over to where she had started and
slid effortlessly into a resting position.  It was one that Lucinda had forced
me into repeatedly so that I would always be ready for her next command, no
matter which way that she wanted me to jump.  My left foot was forward pointed
slightly to the left of Christobel and my right was a half step behind at right
angle to my body.  With my knees slightly bent I was perfectly centered, however
to anyone not trained in dance it might seem other wise.

'My name is baby not missy', I said easily as my smile never faltered.  'And you
can call me that when you tell me everything that I want to know... Chrissy.' 

That little barb at the end of my sentence had the desired effect and made her
crazy.  Where a few seconds before she had been dangerously advancing on me like
a knife fighter, now for the second time she barreled at me.  Her teeth were
barred like an angry dog as she charged, but her foot work was sloppy as she had
to compensate for the instability of her thin heels.  Even as I danced beyond
her grasp I noticed those narrow heels and recognized them as a chink in her
armor.

Planting my right foot, my arms rose above my head like a flower and I bent my
body nearly horizontal totally evading her rushing grab.  As she fought to stop
her forward momentum and turn towards me, my left leg slid between her legs and
unwound in a graceful circle.  The effect was everything I could have hoped for
as my heavy heel came in contact with both of her ankles, causing her to wobble
in those ungainly heels. In long drawn out seconds, I watched as she lost her
balance fall sprawling onto the hard macadam. 

The crowd gasped as she rolled to a stop, probably unsure of what to make out of
their favorite bruiser getting picked apart by... what had Greg called me...
that's right biker Barbie.  My smile hardened at that last thought as I watched
her slowly get to her feet.  The rough tar had done a job on her and her white
stocking were torn at the knees, both of which were bleeding from cuts and
scrapes.  Her hands also showed signs of abuse as she shook herself and brushed
herself off.

'You're going to pay for that girlie', she sneered as she began to move at me
much more cautiously. 

I began lightly sliding from side to side, but her footwork this time was much
steadier and I found myself running out of maneuvering room.  'Oh no, did the
big huge Chrissy get all bloodied up by the little iddy biddy baby.'  I goaded
her, but this time she didn't buy it.  Slowly like a force of nature that muscle
bound freak advanced upon me.  For the first time my smile cracked. 

She was fast very fast, she faked with her left which I batted aside but her
true goal was to put her right fist in my nose.  Arching my body backwards and
to the side I caused her to miss her objective, but I didn't get away entirely
unscathed.  Her knuckles missed, but her clenched fist caught me in the corner
of my mouth snapping back my head and causing me to lose my center.  Chris' left
knee followed up on the opening slamming into my thigh.  I staggered for a
second, but regained my balance quickly as she swept past me in a blaze of red
and white. 

The crowd exploded in noise as cheers and cat calls rained down upon the two of
us.  They pushed closer wanting to see one of us finished off and in the process
made it easier for her as they made the circle smaller.  I had speed on my side
but without the room to use it I was definitely in trouble.

There was only one thing left to do and the idea came to me from another of
those silly movies that Greg would force me to watch while I was helplessly
bound and gagged.  I acted like the hit to my right leg had done much more
damage than it had, panting and favoring it as I held the left side of my body
to my attacker.   Christobel smiled as I dabbed at the blood on my lip.  'Three
years of bar fighting' she said with a sneer and moved in for the kill.

Again she moved in cautiously, but the feral grin on her face told the tale that
she was sure that this fight was nearly finished and that her earlier troubles
were all in the past.  Flexing my knees in what looked like pain I actually
braced myself and watched her like a hawk.  As her right boot lifted from the
floor I sprang forward to the attack.  It was the first time that I had even
hinted that I might do so and the shock showed in her face.  A quick leap and a
graceful twist of the hip brought my seemingly damaged right leg up in a blazing
arch that ended with the top of my foot slamming into her crotch.  The kick had
all of my aerobically trained muscles strength in it and it literally lifted her
off her feet as her eyes bugged out and she flew backwards.

'Aaaaoooooooowwwwww', she cried in a high pitched voice as she hit the ground. 
She immediately went into a fetal position as her hands went to her crotch and
she panted in an effort to retrieve the air that had been blown from her lungs. 
The one thing that self defense course had taught me was that kicking a woman in
the groin is nearly as incapacitating as kicking a man there and now I could see
that it was true. 

Chris rolled around on the ground moaning and I walked over to her.  Arty, moved
to stop me, but I guess that the other two bouncers had let Greg go, because all
of a sudden he was right there in his face and looking really pissed.  'This is
between the ladies, remember', he said in a dangerous voice.

The crowd was completely quiet as I continued over to her.  Using my boot I
forced her over onto her back and than planted it on her chest. 

'How?' she asked in a rasping voice.

'Twelve years of ballet will beat your three years of bar brawls every time', I
replied with a smile.  She squirmed like a bug pinned to a board for study as I
asked her, 'Are you ready to tell me what I want to know now?'

'Yeeeesss, Yes, I'll tell you', Christobel hissed through her pain.

'Yes, I'll tell you who?' I said nastily as I dug my heel into her large breast.

'Yes, I'll tell you... baby', she responded in resignation.

'Very good', I said as I took my foot off of her chest and walked over to Arty. 
I took my jacket from his lifeless hands as he stared at me in confusion. 
'Thanks Arty, you can go, we won't be needing you any more.'

Arty just shook his head and dropped Christobel's jacket on the ground next to
her and began to walk away.  The crowd muttered as they followed him inside and
I watched a lot of cash changing hands.

Greg watched them all go in and then pulled up a couple of milk crates for each
of us to sit on.  Over the course of the next hour Christobel told us everything
that she knew about the contest as she nursed her abused pussy back to health. 
Greg was right, there were a number of things that we needed to know that we
hadn't before and now I felt confident that we were truly on the path to
winning.


We blew off Lucinda that evening, who wasn't very happy with us at all, but Greg
was adamant.  He kept looking at me with a funny curious kind of gaze yet said
nothing. 

At home he treated my cut and helped me out of my clothes.  He led me, hand and
hand, to the shower.  The water was warm and inviting as it cascaded over my
aching body.  Lather soon wrapped between my legs and up over my breasts as his
questing hands ran two ultra soft natural sponges softly across my tender skin. 
He paid particular attention to my right thigh which already showed the
beginnings of a nasty black and blue mark. 

Bending his lips met mine and it was as if he kissed me for the first time.  A
long deep loving kiss that made my toes curl and reminded me how lucky I was to
have found this man.  'You were wonderful tonight', he whispered in my ear as he
held me tightly.

'Thank you', I said simply, yet I knew the pride in my voice could not be
hidden.  'And thank you for trusting me.'

He gave a short laugh and responded, 'After tonight, I think that I'm going to
have to trust you instincts about a lot of things.' 

Sliding out of the shower he handed me a towel which I promptly wrapped about my
hair.  I waited for the second towel that he was always ready to hand me and all
I found were his outstretched arms.  Smiling, I went to him and he picked me up
easily and took me back to our bed.  There were no orders to get dressed or put
on slippers, which I would have been more than happy to do, but as his lips
explored my body I knew that tonight was different.  It was a celebration of my
victory and our commitment to each other and the team that we had created.

The love making was slow and beautiful.  There were not the ravaging wild
orgasms that I had come to love, but they were incredible in there own right. 
Slowly they would come upon me as the warm glow filled my essence longer than
ever until the glorious explosions gently rocked my soul.  I felt like a
winter's eve fire crackling upon the hearth slowly being fed a small piece of
wood at a time that would sometimes pop loudly as air trapped within broke free. 
As the embers of our love cooled and sleep came upon us, Greg rolled over and
wrapped his body around me, spooning my form.  His arm lay comfortably over my
shoulder as his tired hand rested possessively upon my breast. 

When he had first moved in he had made it clear that he didn't like being
touched or touching someone while he slept.  He said that he had been this way
all his life not even letting his cats or dogs sleep on his bed.  I didn't fight
this, but I did make my disappointment clear in my looks and actions.  Slowly,
over the course of the last few weeks, things began to change.  His foot would
ride up under my satin slipper and stay there as we went to sleep.  His hand
would rest softly on my rear or his shoulder would push up against my back.  One
day, I even got as bold as to loop my arm over him as he fell asleep.  Tonight
it all came together as I learned that a loving dominant could definitely be
swayed by his bottom.  I smiled like the proverbial Cheshire cat as my dreams of
happiness became real. 


The next morning at work, Lucinda, Greg and I sat with Leather and Lace's head
seamstress to discuss the two special outfits that we needed to be made.  Andrea
was her name and she was happy to see me and very interested in finding out how
I liked the corset that she had made for me.  I told her that I loved it and
that someone, I put my hand on Greg, was seeing that it received plenty of use! 
'And that is just the way it ought to be', she said smiling broadly.

Our discussion started with the femme fatale leather corset.  This was to be a
pointed Victorian under the bust design.  I showed her my drawing where my
breasts were bound to bursting like balloons above the short front bust of the
leather garment.  An arched point rested between my bursting breasts, below
which I had drawn a row of chrome buckles and straps ending in a rounded tabard
over my pubis.  The thighs were cut high and the eight garters stretched tightly
down my legs till they snagged the fishnet stockings. 

This was pretty straight forward as far as Andrea was concerned.  The Alice
dress on the other hand became a topic for hot discussion.  My drawing had
presented a bodice with a corset similar to the femme fatale and Lucinda and
even Andrea were against this.  Greg listened thoughtfully as the two swapped
ideas and I retreated from the conversation half-listening as I idly sketched
the costume.

The next thing I knew Lucinda's ever present rod slammed down on the picture
before me.  'That's it', she cried. 'That is exactly what I had in mind!'

I looked down at my own drawing and saw that I had changed the front apron to
only cover the front of my puffy blue satin skirt, while the bodice had been
turned into a sexy serving wench's outfit complete with criss-crossing blue
laces that ended in bow directly below the cleavage of my breasts.  The straps
still surrounded and pushed at my breasts, but there new coverings were of white
ruffled lace, matching my petticoat and panties.  Greg started to protest that
the outfit was much too sexy and didn't project the helpless innocent that was
his intent.  Lucinda countered that no one would believe that anyone entering
this contest was innocent and that it was best to make the outfit sexier.

'How about this', I asked pointing to my latest additions to the picture.  In my
golden locks I had placed a delicate blue bow and on the front tops of both of
the white stockings I also placed blue bows.  'The sexy innocent!' I proclaimed
excitedly.

'Add your legs and the baby blue ballet toe shoes', Greg told me as he looked
over thoughtfully.  Everyone waited while I added my legs and slippers arched
gracefully into an en pointe position.  He shook his head in affirmation,
'Ladies I think that is it.  Any objections?'  There were none and Andrea took
me aside to have one of her ladies take my measurements.


That evening at Lucinda's studio she started to have me work with my nine inch
ballet heels.  I had still not mastered the six inch heels entirely, but had
cleared the 'beginner level' as she put it and was firmly working in on
intermediate tasks. 

The advent of the ballet heels brought me right back to the beginner setup.  I
was buckling myself into my heels in a chair that was placed directly between
two sets of bar rails set just above waist height and about two feet apart. 
Finishing, I grasped the bar and prepared to lift myself onto my heels.

'You've been standing on pointe now for sometime and you might think that the
two are similar, and while that is true in a small way, if you try and treat
those heels like pointe shoes you will never succeed.  They have heels and no
matter how spindly they are you can not discount them.  Now slide your feet
together and a bit forward so that they will be centered directly below where
you expect to stand.  Good', she said as I complied, 'use your legs as well as
your arms to lift yourself off of the chair and carefully balance your weight as
you stand.'  The pressure on my toes increased as my weight shifted and slowly I
rose making constant corrections until I was standing.

'Not bad', Lucinda grunted, 'not bad at all.'  She said this grudgingly yet I
could hear a tinge of pride in her voice that thrilled me to no end.  'Notice
how you knees still have a slight bend to them.  When you try to walk in ballet
heels you have to keep that slight bend, because the heels are just too high to
allow for a perfectly straight posture.  When you are standing still however,
you must find you center and lock your legs, with your knees straight. 
Regardless we will work on that later.'  For the next fifteen minutes I slowly
worked my way up the rails and down them.  Four long circuits that seemed to
take forever, capped by the difficulty of turning at the end of each.  I slid
into my head and let time sift around me as I concentrated entirely upon just
walking.  Only twice did I feel the wrath of Lucinda's rod crack upon my
overworked thigh muscles.  This made me drop out of my near trance for a few
seconds at a time, but I had learned to slide back in quickly.  At the very end,
with my legs shaking in exhaustion, she ordered me to let go of the bars.  Ever
so gently I put more and more weight on my heels and toes as I raised my hands
up off the rails.  I turned to her and smiled as I stood there with both hands
balanced an inch above their respective bars.

'Very good baby', she told me, 'but don't get too cocky we still have a long way
to go.'  I responded with a demur 'yes, mam' as Greg gave an uncharacteristic
applause for our efforts.  He thanked Lucinda repeatedly as we left that evening
and his good mood continued into the remainder of the night.


Over the next few weeks our bondage practice turned into a nearly choreographed
work of art.  I found myself rolling into his ropes and bending my body in just
the right ways to make his job seem effortless.  Even the change ups that he
would initiate as an ongoing part of my training began to flow as smooth as
silk.  He told me that no bondage was exactly the same twice despite all of his
best efforts to make it so and that we had to be ready to improvise.  For me, I
was just happy to be in his ropes and strove only to please my loving Master.

My daily ballet training firmed my leg muscles, as did the push ups and pull ups
that Greg forced upon me worked on my arms.  My stomach tightened and hardened
through my leg lift and pilate videos.  I watched as I became a lean mean
bondage machine, as Greg would joke, yet always stopped when my muscles became
too predominant.  The muscle builder look that Christobel had displayed was
exactly the opposite of the look we were trying to achieve and I was fortunate
that my aerobic training had put me well on the way to success.

During week four Lucinda taught me to run in my six inch heels.  Alright running
is an exaggeration, but walking very quickly didn't quite describe it either. 
One of the things that Christobel had told us about the contest was that it was
best to face the gauntlet in heels.  She speculated that very few contestants
were probably going to risk it this year as heel height had been raised to a
full six inches.  However, if you could manage the heels and move quickly in
them the contestants forming the gauntlet would be limited to canes and bladed
whips, which were unlikely to knock you down. On the other hand the circus
slippers, as she called them, meant that your legs were bound with only ten
inches of slack and the ladies could request paddles to smack your bottom and
thighs.  I had to agree with her that that would be much more painful and that
the paddles had more potential to truly hurt me and knock me off my feet.

As my heel training progressed the decision was made to go with them in the
gauntlet.  Lucinda was all too happy to chase me down an imaginary line whipping
at my legs and buttocks while I negotiated the tricky heels.  When she grew
tired Greg would take her place and the only one that didn't rest for the whole
twenty minute period was me!  On the other hand I had won a few small battles
getting them both to agree to let me wear my six inch red patent leather sandals
during this event.  The extra support from the ankle strap made them much easier
to control, which made it possible for me to avoid their lash strokes every once
and awhile.

As the days ground down until the bondage convention Greg and even Lucinda found
less and less mistakes to call me on.  I could now maintain a standing on pointe
position for three full minutes, walk albeit slowly in my ballet heels and slide
into nearly any bondage position in less than five minutes flat. 

The final fittings for my outfits were completed and the next day they were in
our hands.  They both looked absolutely perfect and the blue satin of the dress
had been dyed to a perfect match of my ballet slippers.  The only thing that we
hadn't anticipated was the impact that a crotch rope would have on the
petticoat.  Greg fumed at his stupidity for not anticipating the problem, but
Andrea came to the rescue and in mere hours had redesigned the garment to allow
for a rope to be threaded through it. 

During the final week we held two dress rehearsals in Lucinda's basement.  She
had cancelled all of her classes for the week leaving us virtually alone to
practice for the competition.  Even to the extent of having rocks littered over
part of the floor in an attempt to mock up the lava rock event.  Greg and I were
there more often then we were home, eating and often sleeping there as we
continued to improve our repertoire.  Kristen fluttered about us as if she was a
true maid, passing me towels to wipe off my sweat or bottles of water to refresh
slake my thirst.

After our last run through on Saturday morning as we were packing to leave
Lucinda walked up to Greg with a finely grained oak box wrapped with a blue
ribbon.  'This is for you' she told him without ceremony.  He removed the ribbon
and opened the box to find Lucinda's favorite crop like rod.  'I can't take
this...' Greg began, but she shushed him and told him that 'of course you can. 
Besides she responds to its call so well that I want you to have it.'  She
wrapped one arm around each of us and drew us close.  'You are both ready now. 
So go out there tomorrow and make me proud!'

Leather & Lace - 1



Leather &amp; Lace &ndash; Book 1  
Chapter 20 &ndash; The Contest  
By The White Knight  
I could barely believe that it was real as we walked into the Jacob Javits
  center in New York. The huge conference center was decked out like a Louisiana
  nightclub during Marti Gra, with feathered boas and string beads dangling from
  the metal rafters. Posters spotted the walls depicting the 2004 Bondage Convention
  and Contest and all of the thirty previous conventions. Pictures of premier
  bondage models that had found their first big break at these conventions were
  perched on pedestals about the lobby complete with their biographies and a
  concise listing of their most famous works. To me it was beautifully exciting,
  but at the same time had that surreal feeling that somehow I didn't belong
  here.  
A large sign guided all contestants to the 4 th  Floor
  Terrace Room AB for their formal sign in. I wrapped my arm around Greg's and
  held him close to me. After all of my fighting, conniving and training to get
  here I could not understand why all of a sudden I felt scared. Holding on tightly
  to my man's arm seemed to pass some of his steely confidence down into my quivering
  innards. My stomach flip-flopped as we walked into the Terrace. The large oblong
  room was milling with other contestants and their masters and now I really
  felt out of place.  
Greg and I were wearing comfortable Town and Country like clothing. For me
  this meant a soft print sundress and low-heeled sandals, while Greg sported
  a camel colored blazer and dark slacks. I had felt perfectly in place as we
  had walked through the lobby of the Dumont Plaza among the patrons of that
  well-heeled establishment, but this was totally the opposite.  
Women with piercings and boob jobs that could only have been created by Doctor
  Lovelace walked about in costumes that were put together more to show off their
  bodies then clothe them. Leather and spandex seemed to be everywhere, yet as
  long as the outfit was skimpy the material didn't seem to matter. In just the
  first few minutes I counted nearly half-a-dozen women that I was ninety-nine
  percent certain wore no underwear what so ever. The men were as garish is their
  mates, many wearing dark leather biker type clothing and sporting numerous
  tattoos on most of the flesh that was left showing.  
While my mind whirled Greg guided me over to the entrants sign up booth and
  left me in line as someone he knew caught his eye. It was almost a shock when
  his arm left mine and I bit my lip and strained to keep sight of him as he
  walked across the crowed room. I could barely see him as I was jolted from
  my thoughts by a woman's voice behind me.  
'You best move forward honey', the voice said in a nasally southern accent,
  'I think the natives behind us are restless.'  
Realizing that I hadn't moved forward with the line, I closed the gap quickly
  and then looked back, with a bit of trepidation to see who was talking to me.
  What I saw shocked and at the same time pleased me. The lady was smiling brightly
  at me and just like her voice she sported a very down to earth outfit of a
  button down silk shirt and form fitting light blue pants that nearly covered
  her natural leather thong sandals. I took her to be about five years older
  than myself, with just a hint of well-hidden crow's feet at the corner of her
  eyes giving lie to her youngish face. Her curly brunette locks framed her angular
  features giving them a softer look than they might have had with a more stern
  cut.  
She held out her hand and added, 'Hi, I'm Karen Moraine and since that young
  man that left your side was undoubtedly Greg Stanton that would make you Sharon
  Glasser, correct?'  
'Why, yes, but how did you know?' I replied aghast.  
'Its simple honey', she said in her soft drawl as she took my arm to turn
  me around and keep us both moving with the line. 'My hubby, who is the gentlemen
  that Greg took off after, is an old friend of your boyfriend. They knew each
  other back in their boyhood days and have kept in touch ever since.' She gave
  me a long warm smile and continued, 'I was beginning to despair for the boy
  that he was never going to find his Aphrodite, but then all of a sudden his
  e-mails started talking about this wonderfully fresh young lady that had sent
  his heart all a flutter.' I blushed and looked away, but I couldn't help but
  be happy that Greg had told some of his oldest friends about our relationship.
  'From his description you must be Sharon, as I truly doubt that there is another
  girl-next-door innocent looking goddess about this crazy place.' I blushed
  even deeper and felt tears of happiness in the corners of my eyes. 'Yes, that
  is a direct quote', she said as if in answer to the question that she knew
  that I wanted to ask. 'Now the last I heard you two were living together, but
  then we both seemed to lose touch, so how is it going?'  
'It's better than my wildest dreams' I gushed. 'He is a wonderful friend,
  an incredible lover and the most perfect&hellip;'  
I stopped talking in mid-stream as I realized what I was about to say, but
  Karen filled the gap for me. '&hellip; and the most perfect Master?' she said
  with a knowing smile.  
'Yes', I answered relieved. 'It's funny but it still takes some getting used
  to, to admit that I am someone's slave&hellip; even here in a place where I
  suppose all of use are someone or others slave.'  
'Don't you fret darling', she said easily, 'you'll get used to it. Heck,
  I've been my Tom's slave for nearly thirteen years. That's not to say that
  he wasn't tying me up and such well before that, but he didn't spring the whole
  package on me until after we were married.' I guess I looked a bit shocked
  because she carried on her explanation. 'You have to understand darlin' that
  that was a different era and what we were doing at the time was barely on the
  fringe of normality. It isn't like today where anything goes between two consenting
  adults.'  
'But you don't even look thirty&hellip;' I said in exasperation as numbers
  started to come together in my mind and I realized that she must be at least
  in her mid-thirties.  
'Thank God for modern medicine and my ten year anniversary present! A tummy
  tuck removed all evidence of the kids and the breast implants added two full
  cup sizes! I must admit that I'm a bit hung up about my looks and my dear Master
  was more than happy to grant my request.'  
'But your face..'  
'Good genes, darlin', good genes' then in a lower voice 'and of course the
  proper use of makeup. That Revlon Age Defying foundation is a life saver!'
  She gave me a long look from toes to hair and than back again. 'Enough about
  me now, what's been happening with you? I thought that Greg painted you out
  to be new to this world and yet here you are obviously ready to participate
  in our little contest.'  
'Oh, I'm about as new as new can get and that's the truth. Greg and I were
  only going out for about a month before we moved in together and shortly after
  that I convinced him that we should enter the contest as Leather and Laces
  representatives. I've just finished a grueling six weeks of what I can only
  call bondage boot camp to get to the point where I am pretty sure that I won't
  embarrass him.'  
'Six weeks&hellip;' now it was her turn to look at me aghast. 'Honey, you
  must be something else if Greg thinks highly enough of you to bring you here
  after only six weeks of training. Heck, Tom and I have been practicing on and
  off for the last six months, although that was mostly because we missed last
  year. The kids all had the flu you see and we just couldn't leave them.' She
  shook her head a bit as if throwing off some concern. 'Wow&hellip; six weeks.
  OK, so what part of your training did you find the most difficult?'  
'Stiletto heels', I replied without even thinking, 'especially six inch pumps!
  Do you know how hard it is to walk properly in them?'  
Karen threw back her head and gave a deep belly laugh, 'Darlin' my Tom's
  first fetish gift to me was a pair of heels nearly that high&hellip; hmm, I
  think I was nineteen at the time. So you might say that I have just a bit of
  experience wearing stiletto pumps!'  
I laughed with her and then it was my turn to fill in the form that would
  admit me as a contestant into the bondage contest. At first I stared at the
  paper blankly as the enormity of what I was about to do hit me. I was going
  to be putting myself completely at others mercy throughout this whole ordeal,
  in front of thousands and thousands of strangers. Shaking my head to clear
  it, I filled in the form by rote until I reached the last page. It was a disclaimer
  sheet absolving both the convention center and the promoters of any liability
  if I received any injuries from the competition. I bit my lip and signed at
  the X as my mind asked over and over again if I really knew what I was doing.  
Karen was next and she went through the process quickly. She smiled at me
  as she took my arm and steered me over to where our men were talking. Now that
  my eyes were open a bit, I could see that there were a few other couples clothed
  in a more normal fashion, but the ornate costumes of the many had caused me
  to pass them over. Tom was dressed similar to Greg, though his blazer was of
  a darker color with patches on the elbows. He was rather lean, though his turtleneck
  shirt couldn't hide the small paunch that was forming at his middle.  
'Karen, great to see you', Greg beamed as he hugged her and gave her a kiss
  on the cheek. 'I see you met Sharon', he said as he took my hand in his. 'Tom,
  I would like you to meet Sharon Glasser my lover, also know as baby my most
  perfect submissive.'  
'It's nice to finally meet you Sharon although Greg's description hardly
  did you justice', Tom said as he took my right hand in his and bent over to
  kiss it like some courtier of old.  
Karen started to cough behind me, 'Oh my Lord I think that I'm going to be
  taken ill. I think it's that ripe smell of manure in the air that's affecting
  me so.' Greg laughed first and I couldn't help but follow.  
'That will be enough of that red', Tom said in a mock harsh voice.  
'Why, yes of course it is Master', she said diffidently as she waved her
  hand like a fan in front of her nose. 'You have to watch out for my Tom, he'll
  charm the pants off of you if you let him.'  
'I'm outraged', Tom retorted with a smile on his face that said otherwise.
  'And just which event in the past dozen plus years of marriage would ever cause
  you to doubt my absolute fidelity!'  
'Oh, honey, I have no doubt in my mind that you'll leave with the girl you
  bought, but those eyes of yours are a whole 'nother story!'  
His pained look left his face in a heartbeat as he turned to Greg and spoke
  as if nothing unusual had passed between them, 'You know red does have a point
  there.'  
Greg laughed and clapped his friend on the back. I turned to Karen, looked
  at her shapely brunette hair, and asked, 'Red?'  
'When I was younger I used to die my hair auburn. Unfortunately, sometimes
  it turned out a bit more red than I had anticipated&hellip; so my lord and
  Master decided that red was an appropriate slave name for me.' She shrugged
  her shoulders in acceptance.  
'A bit more red', Tom said loudly, 'Ronald McDonald would have been proud
  to wear you hair color a few of those times!'  
Greg began laughing again and Karen folded her arms and frowned. 'Now, now
  you too be nice', Greg said easily. 'Sharon I've never met two people more
  perfect for each other and despite their banter they love each other as if
  there isn't another person in the world that could make either of them happy.'
  He clapped Tom on one shoulder, 'Now enough of all this, lets finish up the
  introductions so that we can all have a nice dinner before we have to face
  the competition tomorrow.'  
'I do have one more question', I said earnestly, 'how did you and Tom ever
  met? I mean Karen said you were childhood friends, but you're not exactly the
  same age?'  
Greg laughed and shook his head. 'You have to understand that Tom was like
  the Fonz in our town. No, he didn't wear a leather jacket or ride a motorcycle,
  but everyone knew Tom. He was also the resident DJ at a local Dinner that his
  genius turned into the coolest place in town. New songs, old songs, it didn't
  matter Tom knew it and if he didn't have it he knew where to get it. Heck,
  even though he was gone by the time I hit my teens his legend lived on. So
  when I got into making bondage movies I called on Tom.'  
'You see Sharon, Tom here is a musical genius. Every movie that I have ever
  made he has been the one to put in the background music and let me tell you
  the way that he does it makes the action three times as good as when I shot
  it.' He looked away from his friend and back to me, 'I'm sure that you remember
  how I used 'Bad to the Bone' in one of our sessions&hellip;' I blushed bright
  red as I nodded my head while I remembered him whipping my cunt till I came
  in time with that rocking tune. '&hellip;Well that song was one of Tom's best
  additions and helped me build my very considerable portfolio.'  
Tom took a bow and pretended to wave to his adoring fans as he said, 'Thank
  you, thank you very much.' He laughed at this own poor imitation of Elvis and
  continued, 'enough about that, what are you doing now that your out of the
  industry.'  
'You know how my dad has always been after me to get into the family business?'
  Greg asked and both Tom and Karen nodded yes. 'Well, he finally found a way
  to make the offer irresistible.'  
'My God', Tom said aghast. 'How did he do that? You were always so adamant
  that you wouldn't just be handed the keys to the kingdom and that you were
  going to make it on your own.'  
'Two things happened to make me change my mind', he said easily. 'First off,
  Dad joined his company to Leather and Lace in all but name only as he made
  a deal to be their supplier of choice. That allowed me to accept a job at Leather
  and Lace so that I could learn the business and at the same time offer my own
  expertise to help advance its interests.' He put his arm around me and hugged
  me close. 'But it was the second thing that sold me hook line and sinker.'  
'Sharon' Tom said to me, 'don't tell me that you had something to do with
  this.'  
Still blushing I smiled at Greg and replied, I guess I did have a small part
  to play in this drama. You see I started working at L&amp;L about four months
  before I met Greg's father. 'During some discussions with both Mr. Stanton
  and Mr. Thatcher I made it known that I didn't have a boyfriend at the time
  and they were kind enough to set up a blind date with Greg for me.'  
'If that isn't the most vanilla version that I have ever heard of our meeting,
  I don't know what is', Greg said with a laugh. 'What baby neglected to tell
  you was that those discussions happened with my father and Mike Thatcher while
  she was being used as a newbie bondage model to settle a bet between the two!'
  I was turning three shades of red, but Karen and Tom didn't seem at all shocked
  as they smiled at Greg's story. 'Also, when she said blind date she wasn't
  kidding. Dad knew that he had really blown it the last time he had tried to
  set me up&hellip;'  
'Oh, yeah, the stalker girlfriend', Tom said knowingly.  
'Right, so Dad had Sharon blindfolded and bound when I met her.' He shook
  his head before he went on. 'I was all set to turn down anyone that my father
  was trying to fob off on me but&hellip; well, to make a long story short&hellip; that's
  what made the job offer totally irresistible.' My face was red but I was smiling
  all the same as I basked in his warm hug.  
Karen slid her arm into the crook of mine and pried me away from my man.
  'Now that the formalities are out of the way, us girls have a lot to talk about,
  so why don't you boys find us somewhere nice to eat.' She waggled one finger
  at the two men before she continued, 'Nothing heavy though or we are not going
  to be able to fit into our corsets tomorrow!'  
The rest of the evening seemed to pass in the blink of an eye as Karen and
  Tom proved to be wonderful conversationalists. Karen was true to her word and
  we talked quite a bit about being a submissive in a relationship. She started
  to open my eyes up to things that the little old lady at the hardware store
  had started me thinking about, but there simply wasn't enough time to explore
  all of the avenues that appeared. What mattered to me the most was that they
  were another couple like Greg's dad and Cassy or Mike and Samantha Thatcher
  that had chosen the same sort of lives that we were choosing and continued
  to enjoy it and each other many years later. It was a wonderful thought on
  which to fall asleep.  
I woke up the next day well rested yet feeling strangely disconcerted. It
  was as if I had a bad head cold and was getting ready to go to work, regardless
  of the ailment. My brain seemed to be in neutral but my body just kept to its
  routine. I packed the outfits that had been laid out the day before for today's
  competition, while Greg checked and double-checked his schedule and his bag
  of tricks. He was very quiet and that also added to the unreality of the situation,
  as he was generally very gregarious in the mornings.  
Walking into the Jacob Javits center that morning was a totally different
  experience than yesterday. Early conventioneers mingled around the large vestibule
  pointing out one contestant or another as they whispered and took pictures.
  The zippered suit bag slung over my shoulder and Greg's ditty bag must have
  tipped off these early risers as they descended upon us taking pictures, asking
  me questions 'like are you new to this?' and begging for autographs. I signed
  their scrap books 'Hope you have a wild time!&hellip; baby' which Greg told
  me to write quietly in my ear. After about a dozen of these and the flashes
  nearly blinding me, increasing my disorientation until I wasn't really sure
  what I was doing here. I became an automan, doing as Greg told me and posing
  and smiling as required.  
A tug on my arm set me back in motion and I found myself led past a guarded
  red rope gate and drawn into the warrens of cube like dressing room's set up
  for the contestants. Greg pushed aside the curtain entrance that was adorned
  with a large number twenty-two. Inside of the dressing room was a totally barren,
  with the exception of the left and back wall supporting shelf like desks that
  ran the length of each wall. A couple of metal folding chairs leaned against
  the wall to the right. A breeze from overhead caused me to look upward towards
  the white painted metal rafters far above.  
Greg went to work quickly and set up both the chairs and then pulled out
  a laptop computer, while I hung up my suit bag. While the computer was booting
  he turned back to his ditty bag and pulled out my circular magnifying mirror,
  followed by my cosmetics case. These he placed in front of the folding chair
  on the sidewall table. Without even thinking I stripped off my capri's, sleeveless
  top and sandals before I slid into my white terry cloth robe and matching isotoner
  slippers. I began applying my makeup in an automatic an unthinking way just
  as we had rehearsed over and over again.  
Rolled black seamed stockings, textured in a rose pattern, were put into
  my hands one at a time and I slid them up my legs. Greg held open a pair of
  black lace crotch-less panties for me to step into as soon as that was completed
  and then came the corset. It was loosely laced, so snapping shut the busk went
  easily. I stood there holding up the loose red and black material while he
  took control of the laces. Those long smooth pulls of his had become so normal
  as to hardly be noticeable, even as the heavy satin began to mold body to its
  will. Breathing in deeply I aided his last few adjustments and then breathed
  out, when he patted me on my back to signal that my laces were tied off. I
  went through the process of reseating my breasts that were crunched tightly
  together in their demi-cups. Once I was sure that my nipples were over the
  red satin lip, but hidden behind the black lace fringe I moved on to my next
  task.  
The six inch spiked heel pumps were laid out in front of me so I lifted one
  leg for Greg to remove my slipper. I shimmied my toes down the arched sole
  and into the tight toe box while he held the shoe so that it wouldn't slip.
  My heel slid easily into place and I put all my weight on this foot as I went
  to work on the second.  
'Fifteen minutes&hellip; All contestants are to report to back stage in fifteen
  minutes', the tinny sounding loud speakers announced.  
Greg glanced at his watch and smiled, 'Right on time' and then handed me
  my collar. I starred at it for a minute, unseeingly, until my training released
  my eyes and let me secure it about my neck. It felt smooth and comfortable
  about my throat and my enlarged reflection in the mirror clearly showed my
  name written in lower case script letters on either side, 'baby'. My mind was
  in a state of total fugue and despite it feeling somehow right for me to be
  wearing the soft red leather collar, another part of me cried out who is that
  in the mirror?  
I looked down to see Greg circle my waist with a tape measure, 'Just a hair
  over seventeen inches. That's perfect, nearly a full inch more than the four
  required.' He began humming happily to himself as he began to tie my wrists
  together. The rope felt just like I knew it would through the black satin gloves
  that covered my arms to just above the elbow. Another tie followed on the soft
  flesh of my arms above my gloves. I winced as the cords wrenched at my shoulder
  blades.  
It was like some crazy out of control dream. You know the type where you
  are worried that you haven't studied for some test back in college and you
  are forced by the dream to just follow along and go with the flow. Here I was
  barely dressed in a bizarre corset and black textured stockings as I was swiftly
  becoming more and more helpless. The crotch rope bought me a bit back to reality,
  as Greg slid the twin cords of white nylon between my lips and then tied them
  off to the bindings at my wrists.  
I finally thought to frame a question to Greg, but as my mouth opened in
  popped a ball. 'Good timing honey', Greg said as he put one hand behind my
  head, 'now just open a little wider and I'll push this bad boy home.' Without
  thinking I complied and the two-inch bright red ball slid between the darker
  ruby red of my painted lips. My last chance to question going forward with
  this craziness faded into inconsequentiality as just like in a run away dream
  my dazed mind decided to just go with the flow.  
Greg attached a four-foot leash to the metallic D ring centered below my
  throat and picked up a few more items as I watched in mute fascination. I was
  on an out of control roller coaster and all I could do was follow as Greg opened
  the curtain and led me out into the passageway. We weren't the only couple
  in the aisle and we soon entered the cue that was filtering its way to the
  back entrance to the stage.  
Behind the curtain it was sheer mayhem as other slaves and masters fought
  against the grinding down minutes to complete their preparations. The sound
  of many voices talking filled the air as the crowd's presence began to intrude
  on my dazed state of dream fugue. I felt Greg attaching the small circlets
  with the number 22 stamped on it, to first the garter over the front of my
  right thigh and then one of its mates that fell over the rear of my left cheek.
  We had done this so many times that I need not look to see what was happening,
  and despite my addled mind I noticed Karen blinking her eyes at me. So she
  was stuck in my dream also, that's good I thought at least I have a friend
  a long. I blinked back at her and nodded my head in recognition.  
The drone of the MC's voice had been going on now for a while and the curtain
  began to part. 'This little angel is Angela, direct from LA and brought to
  us by her Master Tim. Angela's stats boast a large 40D chest, a narrow 26 inch
  waist and healthy 38 inch hips. As you can see&hellip;' The monologue and the
  roar of the crowd faded as I escaped into my own mind. Closing my eyes I let
  myself slide into a near Zen state as I let the dream wash over me. It was
  just another anxiety dream about the contest, so why should I worry?  
I had been having these types of dreams for at least the last month, always
  with the main theme that I wasn't prepared. All of those dreams ended in disasters
  that left me in a cold sweat as I woke in the middle of the night. Things like
  I didn't remember to open my legs when Greg passed through the crotch rope
  or I pushed the ball gag out of my mouth, causing us to lose the competition
  and more importantly me to embarrass my Master. In the worst of the dreams
  I would fall off my heels right in the middle of the first event. Lord how
  I hated that one&hellip;  
A tug on my leash caused me to open my eyes, only to find total darkness.
  Ah, but this always happened in my dreams, it was just because I was blindfolded
  now. I relaxed and waited for the dream to continue until it ended in another
  of its disastrous consequences.  
'Baby, I've given your leash to one of the attendants. Your next in line,
  so they will be guiding you out onto the runway. Remember everything that we
  did in training and I promise that you will do fine!' Greg's removed his hand
  as I felt my leash tugged again and I started walking in the direction indicted.
  Lucinda always took my leash in training as she forced me to walk like a lady,
  despite the stiletto heels and blindfold.  
'This contestant is Sharon right here from her hometown of NY, NY. Sharon
  and her Master Greg both work for the lingerie and erotic products company
  Leather &amp; Lace and they are here representing their firm. This is the first
  time that we have ever had a couple do this so lets give a big hand for the
  little lady', the MC announce and the crowd roared.  
The crowd roared? When had there ever been any noise in my dreams? My mind
  was awhirl&hellip; I, Sharon, shouldn't be standing here in front of thousands
  of people bound and helplessly on display. That didn't make any sense. The
  quick jerk on the leash straight downward caused me to stop where I stood.
  As I had been trained, I moved my feet just a bit to one side or the other
  as I centered myself.  
My musings continued as the MC droned on about the size of my breasts, the
  waspishness of my waist and my tender age. I couldn't help thinking that Lucinda
  was much better at this than my dream moderator. She used that crop of her
  to point out all of my best attributes while this ones free hand was mauling
  me like I was some blow up toy. Just another little quirk of my out of control
  nightmare&hellip;  
The stinging blow of the paddle landed just below my ass cheeks and at the
  top of my thighs. It was at that point that the dream exploded and reality
  flooded in. My mind searched for the last thing that had been said, and I realized
  the MC had asked the crowd if such a new blood such as me deserved the paddle.
  The overwhelming cheering of approval was what left me on the edge of falling
  over onto my face. But, this wasn't a dream anymore and I could once again
  control my fate. The thought I am baby, Greg's slave and this is where I belonged,
  making him proud of me flowed through my mind. Now all I had to do was to fall
  back onto my training and everything would work out.  
Greg had told me the MC would hit me just where he had in an attempt to knock
  me off my heels, so we had practiced this single moment many times. During
  one of those training sessions I used all I had learned during my years of
  ballet and raised myself out of my heels to stand on my toes, regaining my
  balance and hanging there for a good thirty count before lowering myself back
  into my pumps. Lucinda jumped on this immediately and Greg agreed that if I
  could do this again that we had to put it into our routine. So, I did it again&hellip; and
  again&hellip; and again&hellip; and again, till it became a part of me. I still
  remember the end of that first session while Lucinda shook her head in wonder
  and Greg removed my bindings he had told me, 'baby, you are the best submissive
  a Master could ever ask for!'  
I could not see from behind my blindfold, but I could hear that the audience
  had gone quiet as I balanced on my toes. The hit had been perfect and I had
  seemingly let it blow me out of my heels, and now it was up to me. I leaned
  a bit forward and pulled back on my arms so that the crotch rope dug deep into
  my pussy. The bite of the rope steadied me and with a slight fanning of my
  fingers I reached total equilibrium.  
I pictured myself standing on tip toe in my six inch stiletto's, knees slightly
  bent, body arching a bit forward and my arms thrown back as stiff as steel
  beams pulling desperately at the rope splitting my pussy to get just that little
  bit more balance. The pulsing pain in my thighs was one I had come to know
  well and I'm sure meant that my creamy mocha tanned skin was now a vibrant
  shade of crimson. I could hear the heavy bells hanging from my nipples pealing
  brightly in the silence as I imagined them swinging beneath my out thrust chest.  
One thousand, two thousand, three thousand, four&hellip; I began the count
  in my head. At fifteen my feet started to feel the stress, but I pushed the
  thought away from me. The MC became uneasy with the dead space in his program
  and decided to fill it in, 'My God, ladies and gentlemen this is amazing. I
  don't know if she is going to fall flat on her face or balance like this forever!
  Looking at the concentration on her face I don't think she knows for sure which
  way it's going to go either!' He paused for a second as I hit thirty. My arches
  were really beginning to feel like they were on fire and this was normally
  when I would lower myself back into my heels. 'Let's help the little lady out
  with a cheer', the announcer continued, 'Sharon&hellip; Sharon&hellip; Sharon&hellip; Sharon&hellip;'
  It started out as a low murmur running through the audience, but in only seconds
  it became a full blown gale like the home team being cheered on by their fans.
  Biting down hard on the ball in my mouth I kept my count going until I hit
  forty-five and then ever so slowly, I lowered myself back into my heels, straightening
  my knees and my body as I let my tired arms dropped to rest against my back.  
'That was the most incredible thing that I have ever seen!' The MC said in
  awe. 'And ladies and gents that's saying a lot for someone like me that's been
  doing this for twenty years! You are one very lucky and very talented lady.
  Once again ladies and gentlemen, Sharon, from Leather and Lace, Incorporated!'  
I knew that this was my cue to turn and leave as one of the attendants took
  charge of my leash, but I couldn't help myself. 'iiii 'ame ess aaabbbyyy!'
  I yelled into my gag.  
'What's that?' The MC asked as I felt him pushing the foam covered mike against
  my lips.  
'iiii 'ame ess aaabbbyyy!' I yelled again through the mouth filling rubber
  ball.  
Then I heard Greg yell from a distance, 'she says that her name is baby,
  her slave name'.  
The MC paused for a minute and repeated what Greg had said to the crowd.
  'Well folks anyone that can do what this lovely young lady just did can be
  called anything she wants as far as I'm concerned. What do you think?'  
Slowly the rumbling of the crowd subsided into a low chant. 'Baby&hellip; baby&hellip; baby&hellip; it
  got louder and louder until the entire auditorium was filled with my name ringing
  about its walls. I smiled behind my gag in satisfaction as I turned on my heels
  to leave. I gave them my best Mae West bump and grind imitation as I followed
  my tether behind the curtain.  
That's right I'm my Master's slave baby and you had best learn that name,
  because I'm going to win this contest!  
I could feel Greg's arms about me as he hugged me and told me over an over
  again how proud he was of me. Even the pain of the nipple clamps as they were
  removed couldn't penetrate my happiness. The blindfold came next and he was
  working on the gag when the crowd beyond the curtain simply exploded in pandemonium.  
The information flowed towards us like a wave towards the shore as people
  began to call from one to the next the news. Someone leaned over and yelled
  into Greg's ear, but I couldn't hear what was said over the volume of noise.
  The next thing I knew Greg was hugging me again and people I didn't know were
  pounding us both on the back. I moaned though the gag as the hearty thumps
  became painful given how tightly my arms were bound. Greg immediately surmised
  my predicament and put his arm protectively around me as he began to hurry
  me out of the sea of contestants and Masters.  
It wasn't until we were back in our dressing room that he had time to pull
  out the huge ball so that I could ask what had just happened. Greg smiled and
  began to untie my arms as he answered cryptically, 'Something that hasn't happened
  in fifteen years.'  
'Hmmm, that feels good', I moaned as my elbow binding was released. 'OK,
  I'll bite. What happened fifteen years ago?'  
'Anita Ekberg scored a perfect ten during the runway event', Greg said as
  he began to whistle tunelessly.  
I sat down and kicked off my heels, luxuriating in rubbing my aching arches.
  Greg moved his seat across from mine and began to massage my feet for me. Now,
  I was in total heaven. 'So who scored the ten?' I asked as the relaxation swept
  through my body.  
'You did', Greg said softly.  
My eyes popped open and I said excitedly, 'I did?'  
'That's right baby, you did', Greg said with a grin of smug satisfaction.
  'The first person to do it in fifteen years and the first newcomer to EVER
  do it!!!' We were in each other's arms again even before a conscious thought
  could cross through my head.  
'Knock, Knock', someone said loudly from the other side of the curtain. 'Will
  you just kiss her already so that we can come in' said Tom's distinctive voice.
  Greg swept the curtain away and the couple walked in. Tom walked over and shook
  Greg's hand and Karen embraced me like a long lost sister.  
'That was just incredible honey', Karen said excitedly, 'my goodness when
  you were standing on your toes balancing in mid-air it seemed like you were
  going to stay there forever!'  
Tom looked over at me and chimed in, 'She looked like a statue! Totally motionless&hellip; it
  was just incredible!'  
I started to minimize it but Greg cut in before I could give away any of
  our secrets and agreed with the two that 'his baby was simply amazing'. I basked
  in his praise even as I took his warning to heart. Even best friends don't
  have to know everything that happens between a Master and his submissive.  
'Pardon my manners', I said to change the subject, 'but I should have asked
  how you fared on the runway Karen.'  
Tom put his arm around her shoulders and answered, 'A solid eight point eight,
  which I might add is her best score in the four years that we have competed.'
  His pride was as easy to see as Greg's and I could see Karen glow.  
'It was nothing', Karen said, 'he didn't even paddle me!'  
'Oh, no, he didn't paddle you. He just pulled on your nipple clamps until
  he had you bent forward so far I thought that your forehead was going to touch
  the floor!'  
'Now, don't be exaggerating Thomas Moraine!' Karen admonished him with a
  wagging finger. 'I was never bent at more than at a ninety degree angle!' She
  reached up and rubbed her breasts, 'Although it did feel like he was going
  to pull my little peaches right off my chest!'  
'And they are the most lovely peaches that I have ever seen', said her husband
  in a mock gallant tone.  
'Why thank you sir', Karen replied as she really laid on her southern accent.
  'And from a man who ogles as many breasts as you do sir that is high praise
  indeed!'  
'Quite so, quite so', Tom agreed without even seeming to mind his wife's
  attack on his roving eyes. He turned to me before continuing, 'regardless of
  that, you my dear are now the lady to beat!'  
Greg reached over and updated the computer screen, which filled with the
  latest scores. 'With forty-four of the fifty contestants results posted Sharon
  is the clear leader. There is one nine point six, but that's your closet competition.
  Karen, you're doing well with your score putting you in tenth place.'  
'That's exactly what I was telling her on our way here', Tom exclaimed. 'A
  solid posting in the Lava walk tomorrow and she's a shoe in for one of the
  top six places!'  
The banter went on back and forth and once again I began to relax. As I sat
  down in my chair Greg perched himself against the desk and began massaging
  the tight muscles in my shoulder blades. He and Tom began an analytical argument
  about how I could easily lock in a place in the finals tomorrow with any type
  of a decent showing. That was tomorrow's problem though. As I rested my hand
  lightly on his and looked up into his face, he graced me with that roguish
  grin of his and a knowing look that told me just how much he wanted me.  
Tom and Karen left a short while later and we did not end up meeting them
  for dinner. Greg had an entirely different plan for our evening that was absolutely
  delicious and only called for the two of us!  
That evening I told Greg about my dreams. It was after an exhausting love
  making bondage session in which I found myself bound in a ball-like tie while
  he shifted me about at his leisure so that he could play with each of my three
  holes. He was very pleased with me and it showed in his words and in the number
  of times that he let me cum.  
His first reaction to my dreams was the one that I expected as he had been
  indignant that I had not told him sooner. This quickly passed as he wrapped
  his strong arms about me and began to soothe the tears that I could no longer
  hold back. I explained that I had been afraid to tell him while we trained,
  as I feared he might pull us out. But, now that we were committed and with
  this big win under my belt, I felt that the time had come. Greg admonished
  me, but only gently, as he pointed out that it was his place to decide whether
  we should pull out and that it had been wrong for me to hide anything about
  myself from him.  
I began to apologize and he hushed me with two soft fingers against my lips.
  'No beloved, don't take this all upon yourself. We've been so busy of late
  that it hasn't left enough time just to talk between the two of us&hellip;'
  He paused for a few seconds at my look of confusion. '&hellip;Remember when
  I first moved in and after every dinner we would sit and talk for an hour or
  more. Than after dinner we would walk under the stars where we would share
  everything.' I nodded and he went on. 'Well the last six weeks, heck nearly
  the last eight if you include all of the effort we put into Cassy's party,
  ate up all of that very important time.'  
He paused once more and looked away as if thinking of something. 'When Cassy
  moved in I really hated her, all I could see was a gold-digger. Over time we
  became the best of friends for one reason and one reason only. I knew without
  a doubt that she loved my father. The reason I knew that was because of something
  she told me that struck a cord so deep that I will never forget it. She told
  me that she loved my dad because he was the first man who ever let her tell
  him exactly what she was thinking. That there never needed to be any secrets
  or walls between them because she knew that there was nothing that she couldn't
  tell him.'  
He looked over at me and asked softly, 'Do you understand what I am getting
  at?'  
A host of things that other submissives had told me or that I had witnessed
  between his father and Cassy had led me to believe that my status was not as
  black and white as it might seem, flooded through my mind. There was this gray
  area where my needs and desires resided that I wanted to express but didn't
  know how. Greg seemed to see my need and it was like he was turning on a spotlight
  to help me find my way. Yet I still wanted some reassurance.  
'But you are my Master, so shouldn't your wish be my command?' I asked softly,
  praying that he would not get mad at me.  
'You've seen much too much "I Dream of Genie" in re-runs when you grew up
  didn't you?' He replied with a gentle laugh. More seriously he continued, 'Your
  thoughts, your needs and especially your desires are important to me. I want
  us both to be happy and the best ways to make that happen is to be entirely
  honest which each other. So why don't you start by telling me something important
  to you.'  
I smiled brightly and nodded my head happily making the ponytail bounce on
  my back as I thought for a moment searching for something innocuous to say
  for my first attempt. 'Such as if you are going to ball gag me I like the bigger
  balls to the smaller ones.'  
He smiled and gave me a common on signal with his hand. I took a deep breath
  and than let it out, 'Like telling you about my nightmares and then telling
  you how much I really wanted to represent Leather and Lace in the bondage competition.'  
'Now we are getting somewhere', he said to me as he sat directly across form
  me, and looked into my eyes as he rested his hands on my shoulders. 'Let me
  let you in on a little secret. Every night that you stirred in your sleep,
  I woke up and comforted you by whispering softly in your ear. You would talk
  in your sleep&hellip; mostly gibberish, but some words were easy to understand&hellip; such
  as scared&hellip; excitement&hellip; and responsibility.' Pulling me into his
  warm embrace, 'These are the things we used to talk about and the things that
  we need to talk about once more.' My eyes began to tear and I couldn't understand
  why.  
'Here', he said softly, 'I'll make it easy for you. I agreed to go to the
  bondage competition for two reasons and neither of them had to do with Leather
  and Lace. My first reason was because of how important it was to you. Secondly,
  but not far behind, was my own desire to show you off to the world. I am very
  proud of you&hellip; your beauty, your submissiveness, your brains, your passion
  and your perseverance. So that's my story&hellip; now what really brings you
  here?'  
The tears really began to fall and I buried my head in his shoulder. I knew
  that I did not want to be the independent woman that I once was, but I knew
  in my heart and my mind that I was as smart and intelligent woman and I wanted
  to share that with my love. The imaginary walls that I had erected came tumbling
  down and the tears that flowed from my eyes were tears of happiness.  
'It was all for Leather and Lace at first, but the deeper that we got into
  our training the more that I knew that I wanted to be in this competition for
  one true reason. I realized that I wanted to win. Partly to show everyone that
  you are the best Master and that I am your loving and obedient slave&hellip;'
  Stopping, I wondered if I could get the rest out. Oh, Lord, in for a penny
  in for a pound&hellip; 'But mainly because I'm a competitive bitch and I know
  that I can be the best!'  
'That is the baby that I have come to know and love!' Greg shouted as he
  hugged me so tightly that I feared for my ribs. 'I want to show you off because
  I know that you're in this for the win and there is nothing that could make
  me prouder!' We continued to talk well into the evening until finally his own
  tiredness overtook him. His light snoring stirred the back of my hair, as I
  pressed his protective arm to my chest and sidled back just a bit deeper into
  his spoon. Smiling to myself, I joined my lover in slumber.  
Wednesday dawned crystal clear and even the city streets seemed cleaner as
  we walked over to the convention center shortly after 1pm. It was a much later
  start than yesterday and I felt incredibly well rested, after my first night
  in weeks without a single nightmare! Looking over at my man he noticed my happy
  smile and returned it. The night before had been wonderful in a much more meaningful
  way than the sex alone and the bonds that held us together were stronger than
  ever.  
He knew that look in my eye and voiced it for both of us, 'For the gold'.
  I nodded my head and repeated the words, 'For the gold' and than returned to
  applying my makeup. Despite the fact that it was important to look good in
  pictures and that nothing helped you look your best more than the proper use
  of cosmetics, the bottom line was that in one hundred and fifty degree heat
  less was always better! Just a light dusting of shimmering red about my eyes,
  a hint of blush on my cheeks (and I really didn't care if it is out of fashion!)
  and Forever Scarlet polish to finish off my nails.  
The outfit was what was prescribed by the contest for the Lava Rock Walk
  event, a non-flammable body suit that I had chosen to wear in the metallic
  red. The heavy flame resistant tights were nude colored, but didn't come close
  to matching my tan. I poured water into the cushioned insoles of my slippers
  and let my toes wiggle into the mushy lining. Karen had warned me to do this
  and it still burned me that Cristobel, Greg's crazy ex-girl friend had not
  given up that secret.  
I had practiced for weeks without the aid of the soaked interior and I had
  gotten more than a few minor burns despite the protection of the metallic slippers.
  Now I felt confident that as long as I got through the course in a reasonable
  amount of time that the help of the additional moisture would save me from
  any more burns. Of course Karen had her own way of making that point, 'If you
  stay out among those burning rocks too long that water will heat up like a
  tea kettle and boil your little tootsies red. But heck it's either that or
  having them grilled with no protection at all!'  
Unlike yesterday there was no fuzziness in my thoughts and Greg and I worked
  like a well-oiled machine. I stood so that he could add my restraints that
  consisted of a thick white belt, double buckled about my waist and matching
  padded wrists cuffs that were locked to either side. He added my collar, but
  buckled it loosely so that it wouldn't cause me to sweat more. My only other
  adornment was a red terry sweat band holding my tightly coiffed hair against
  my head.  
Greg gave me a last inspection and then lifted my chin so that I would have
  to look him in the eyes. I shivered as this move put an emphasis to his words,
  'you've trained hard. You know what you have to do. You're my girl and you
  are going to win!'  
I leaned forward and boldly gave him a peck on the lips, 'Yes, Master. I'm
  going to win!' I smiled at him mischievously before I lowered my eyes to their
  proper position.  
He slapped me on the rear and followed me out into the aisle as the PA system
  called for all contestants to meet at the Lava Rock pit. Greg and I had studied
  the arena that they had created in past contests and this one wasn't much different.
  It was built on a raised platform so that the steel plated floor could be heated.
  The lava rocks were strewn about the floor in no discernable pattern, while
  their porous surfaces gave off twice as much heat as a similar patch of bare
  steel. Eight-foot high walls in the shape of a hexagon surrounded the pit itself
  causing the super heated air to sizzle and shimmer. The fans were crowded upon
  the tiered seating that circled the pit and rose nearly to the rafters.  
The MC walked out onto a copula that had been built above the pit and you
  could see that he was already sweating. Even the two bikini clad women that
  were at his sides seemed to be feeling the heat as they waved their arms about
  as if they were models on "The Price is Right". 'The object of this contest
  is quite simple and that is to have the fastest time in crossing from one side
  of the pit to the other. Besides getting badly hurt, contestants that fall
  will be penalized. Further any contestant that is found to force another to
  fall will be removed from the rest of the competition.' The crowd booed at
  this but the MC just stared them all down until there was silence. 'Yes, I
  realize that some of you would just love to see the lovely bondage babes in
  a brawl, but let me warn you and them, if anything like that happens I'll turn
  the fire hoses on them and then we will just see how they like that!' With
  the sweat sliding off his brow I don't think anyone of us doubted the man's
  word, but that was fine with me as my entire game plan centered on a fair game.
  'Contestants will enter the pit in waves of eight staggered at 10 minute intervals.
  If a contestant goes down during one of the waves the intervals will be held
  up until the asbestos suited monitors clear up the issue.' God, he said it
  so nonchalantly, but what he was talking about was the horrible possibility
  that one of us would slip on a rock and fall onto the heated plates. In that
  case our fettered hands would make it nearly impossible to get back up and
  only the heavily protected monitors could save us from some really terrible
  burns. I winced and cleared my head of the thought. Greg rubbed my shoulders
  as the MC started to bring the crowd to a fury pitch of excitement.  
'Do either one of you girls want to go down there and join the contestants',
  the MC asked his swim suit clad entourage. In obviously a well-rehearsed drama
  they began to plead with the man not to send them to the pit, going as far
  as to kneel down and kiss the toes of his shoes! The crowd roared and the MC
  patted them on the head and told them that they had been very pleasing so they
  were safe&hellip; for the moment. The crowd roared again as if looking for
  its first sacrifice.  
There was a large board to our left with our names listed upon it in neat
  boxes. Eight boxes made up each wave with four boxes and wide and two deep.
  I knew that this reflected the fact that were only four doors in both the entrance
  and exit walls, hence even the group of eight of us was staggered with two
  entrants thirty seconds apart. I was happy to see that I was following my girlfriend
  Karen as part of the third wave.  
The MC called out the first eight contestants names and the crowd roared
  to life as they lined up in two's behind each of the opened doors. At the sound
  of the bell the first group of four jumped down unto the floor that was a good
  eighteen inches below the lip of the floor. Swiftly they began to high step
  around the lava rocks and only when they absolutely had too did they walk over
  the treacherous rocks. The second wave jumped at the sound of the second bell
  and was shortly followed by the scream of one of the contestants that must
  have fallen. The doors had closed, leaving only the exit doors as means of
  escape and cutting off my view of the event. Everyone looked up above our heads
  at the large screen that showed the scrambling contestants.  
The woman writhing on the ground in pain must have been one of the first
  four. Her arms showed a number of angry red marks and she was bleeding from
  a gash in her leggings. The other contestants scattered to get as far away
  as possible from the wilding flailing female as they struggled to complete
  their run. Women that would have been described as absolute beauties before
  had been reduced to sweating wrecks in just the few minutes that they had been
  subjected to the pit. It was a sobering thought, but even more sobering was
  the poor girl that was finally scooped up by a yellow suited monitor and taken
  through a side panel to the in-house infirmary.  
Just when it seemed that the worst was over, Cami, a beautiful little Eurasian
  woman slipped as she tried to climb up to the door. She screamed as she fell
  nearly flat on her face, scraping and burning her lovely aquiline cheeks on
  the merciless rocks. Her fall had caught the monitors off balance, as they
  had started moving back to their starting positions to wait for the next wave
  to begin.  
Cami screamed again as she rolled and her beautiful dark brown hair began
  to smolder and smoke as it came in contact with the super heated rocks. 'Get
  out of my way', yelled someone who pushed one of the attendants aside and jumped
  down onto the heated plates. In three quick strides he was over to the tiny
  girl. He grimaced as he bent down and grabbed her as his own finger felt the
  heat of the burning plates, but when he straightened he held her up and flipped
  her over his shoulder into a firemen's carry. The crowd was going nuts as the
  MC reported what was going on. 'That Kiri Yamamoto, Cami's Master who has jumped
  down into the pit to save her. My God look at his boots, the rubber bottoms
  are melting to the floor!' We all watched horrified as the soles of his boots
  became like glue, slowing his steps to a crawl as he had to pull each shoe
  loose. The horrible stench of burnt meat was soon joined with that terrible
  smell of burning rubber. As he reached the exit door two attendants snatched
  Cami off of his shoulder at which point he all but collapsed. The monitors
  just made it to his sides in time to catch him and pass him through the door
  before the pit claimed its third victim.  
'My God, we've never had two contestants down in the first round&hellip; and
  if it hadn't been Master Kiri I fear that things would have been even worse
  than this&hellip;' The screen diffused from the pit into a score board and
  the six contestants who had finished scores were displayed. Cami and the other
  girl that had fallen were listed as scratched. Shit! They should have been
  listed as burned! Despite the disaster the crowd went crazy as one of the women
  posed a 9.6 with one of the fastest times recorded in the events history.  
I couldn't watch anymore and I turned away from the screen. Greg looked very
  serious as he asked me if I was all right and when I told him that I was, he
  nodded and left with Tom move over to the exit side of the pit.  
I thought of the weeks that we had trained for this event, where I was forced
  to walk around and sometimes over these same types of lava rocks. But it was
  all so different. The area that we worked in was only a twelve by twelve-foot
  piece of Lucinda basement where sheets of metal had been put down over the
  flooring. Greg heated about fifty of the rocks in a large Weber grill on the
  patio outside and than threw them haphazardly about the metal flooring. Jumping
  from an improvised eighteen-inch wooden table, I then would circumnavigate
  the floor space again and again, while Greg continuously re-heated the rocks.
  Over time the metal began to absorb the heat of the rocks, but nothing that
  we had done prepared me for what I had just seen.  
'My God it was like Dante's version of Hell', I said out loud without realizing
  it.  
'Yep, it's pretty darn bad, but that's why it's part of the meat grinder',
  Karen responded brightly. 'But don't you worry honey, I've made it through
  all three times without taking a spill so I'm sure that you can do it!'  
'What do you mean that it's all part of the meat grinder?' I asked perplexed.  
'Oh, baby these first three events are simply here to winnow out the field
  and get the crowd pumped up for the main event', she told me patiently. 'Fifty
  girls started and we've already lost four. Two were lost in the runway event
  and now two more in the first heat. There are five more waves to go so by the
  end of today the field should be narrowed down to somewhere between thirty-five
  to forty of us by tonight. Then the gauntlet tomorrow will cull out some more.'
  She paused and looked at me questioningly.  
I nodded my head as understanding dawned on me, 'Right, a meat grinder. Great
  and we are the meat!'  
A proctor came up to us and directed us to the second door, as the third
  wave was getting ready. I had heard the crowd noises as we talked but hadn't
  thought twice about them. Now I realized that the second heat was over and
  the board was posting the results. Two nine point fours marks and two more
  scratches. Good Lord two more down!  
I was standing a foot or two behind Karen when the door opened, yet it felt
  like I was standing in front of an oven as the heat slammed through the opening
  and wrapped itself about us. Looking out over the pit I was amazed to see that
  the far wall looked like it was a mile away. I yelled this in Karen's ear over
  the roar of the crowd and she called back that it was just a trick of the shimmering
  heat. Lines of sweat began to roll down my back and into the crack of my ass.
  I shifted myself, but it didn't help dispel the uncomfortable feeling.  
Karen tensed visibly as the board displayed the ten-second count down and
  the crowd joined in yelling out the remaining time. Her gloved hands clenched
  and unclenched beneath the cuffs that held them bound to her waist. That beautiful
  long brown hair of hers was wrapped up into a tight bun and was as soaked as
  if she had just come out of the shower. She looked ready. Every precaution
  that she could have taken had been and yet I had this feeling that something
  was wrong.  
'Good Luck', I said, as it was the only thing that I could think to say.  
'Honey, I don't need luck today', she yelled with a smile, 'I've got you
  covering my back.'  
The bell rang and she jumped down onto the heated steel. I saw her wince,
  but she regained her composure quickly and began the trek about the heated
  rocks. One step, two steps, three steps all placed perfectly. She was doing
  exactly as I had been taught, keeping her head down and searching for patterns
  to help thread her way across the dangerous flooring.  
I looked up to see the clock winding down. Three more seconds before I would
  be allowed to start. Just then I heard a scream. Jessica, the busty blond in
  the lane next to Karen went down hard. She wasn't able to immediately get back
  up on her feet so she tried to roll away from the pile of rocks that had caused
  her to slip. Just as the bell rang I realized that her roll would take her
  right across Karen's path.  
'Karen!!!' I yelled as my knees bent to absorb the impact the jump. I almost
  screamed again this time in fear as my slippers sizzled on the heated plates,
  as the excess water began to burn off. Shit, move I yelled at myself as I began
  to run towards my girl friend.  
The heat was incredible and sweat soon sprang from my every pore, running
  down my back and chest in little streams. Two steps and only a few seconds
  and I felt like I had been here forever. Oh, my God this is sheer torture!
  They might as well just tie us up to a spit and roast us over a bed of coals.
  Damn, I better not voice that idea out loud or someone might decide to add
  it into the contest!  
The oven like heat sapped my strength as if it were roasting the moisture
  out of a grilled piece of beef but Karen's scream made me re-focus my thoughts,
  as my fears became reality. She must have seen Jessica at the last minute and
  tried to jump over her, but it hadn't worked and she had fallen back on her
  haunches. As I ran towards her she tried to do an acrobatic leap to her feet.
  Even though she did manage to get her feet under her, she couldn't keep her
  balance and ended up right back on her rump. She screamed again as her meagerly
  protected skin came in contact with the heated steel for the second time.  
The two yellow suited monitors had converged on Jessica, but her wild gyrations
  took down one of them before the other could rescue her. The other contestants
  scattered away from the two women that were down as they fought their ways
  across to the exit. In one instant it was clear that no one was going to be
  able to help my friend while her flesh was seared to a crisp.  
My training flashed through my mind as Greg and Lucinda had yelled at me
  over and over never stop. It doesn't matter what is going on around you, but
  rule number one is that you must never stop. Once you stop, your momentum is
  lost and you will never regain that lost time. Lucinda had yelled at me like
  I was some type of a marine recruit until I had yelled back at the top of my
  lungs, 'Never stop&hellip; never stop&hellip; NEVER STOP!'  
Shit! I had promised Greg that I would win&hellip; Shit!  
A drop of sweat stung my eye as I pulled up to a stop over Karen. I widened
  my stance to steady myself. She looked up at me with tears streaming down her
  face, 'Don't stop for me. Win the God Damn race!', she yelled in obvious pain.
  I performed a kind of playboy bunny dip and grabbed her under the armpit with
  my strong right hand. 'What are you doing?' She demanded.  
'I'm saving your ass, now jump!' I yelled back at her as the streams of my
  sweat splashed unto her upturned face. Karen's training was every bit as good
  as mine and the command to jump hit her like a pail of ice water. Wincing in
  pain she gathered herself up and snap jumped unto her feet. It was a weak jump
  that would have never made it on its own, but even though her weight nearly
  bowled us both over, I leaned forward until my weight gave her the balance
  she needed. Slowly we straightened until we were both standing.  
I let go of her arm, but soon found my hand filled with hers as she squeezed
  mine and yelled, 'Move!' Galvanized back into action, I could once again hear
  and see what was going on around us. The crowd had gone wild as it whooped
  and yelled imprecations aimed at helping us back to our feet. Now they were
  cheering us on, as we were nearly the last two people in the pit.  
Hand in hand we navigated the rest of the floor until we made our way to
  the exit door. I looked up to see Tom being physically restrained as he fought
  to get to his tortured loves side. Greg was yelling at him, that Karen would
  be scratched if she didn't make it in under her steam, but the angry mask of
  Tom's face showed that he could care less.  
'You first', I yelled at her and she nodded at me to tired and drained to
  argue further. She yelped when I gave her a final nudge against her butt to
  make sure she didn't fall back into the pit. Gathering the last of my own strength
  I leapt into the opening that was cleared once more as Tom swept up Karen in
  his arms and carried her away.  
The roar of the crowd was nearly deafening as Greg held my shoulders and
  looked into my eyes. 'You were amazing out there', he yelled with a smile on
  his face. Every bit of energy in my body left me and I slumped down to the
  cool wooden floor. I had been totally prepared for him to ream me up one side
  and down the other but now I could totally relax as my love held me.  
'Please take off my slippers. My feet are still being fried in them.' Reaching
  down with a concerned look he peeled off the offending items and sure enough
  tendrils of steam floated up from them.  
Lifting me up into his arms, I closed my eyes and rested against his chest.
  He carried me away from the roaring crowd and soon I was feeling totally chilled
  as the buildings air conditioning began to freeze the rivulets of sweat on
  my body. I curled myself against him to stay warm. In seconds we were back
  in our dressing room and Greg was wrapping towels about me to clean off the
  sweat and stop me from shivering.  
My feet were starting to hurt and when I looked at their soles what faced
  me was angry red skin showing right through the nude hose. Greg pushed a tub
  of ice water over and I sank my pained peds into it. Pins and needles exploded
  across the bottoms and top of my extremities in much the same way it hurts
  to put your frozen feet into a hot tub of water. I began to struggle to pull
  them out, but he held my legs down.  
'You leave those feet in that bath baby!' Greg yelled at me sternly. You
  don't have any blisters on your feet yet and if you keep your feet in this
  bath for a bit you shouldn't get any.' As soon as he yelled I stopped and grit
  my teeth against the pain. 'Good girl', he praised me softly, 'this is going
  to make the world of difference tomorrow when you have to be back in your six
  inch heels for the Gauntlet event.'  
The pain began to subside and I thanked the Gods that be, that at least one
  of us was thinking clearly. I could barely even think of putting my scolded
  feet into the narrow confines of a pair of stiletto heels. Those things were
  torture all by themselves, but sure as little babies were born I was going
  to have to put a pair on for tomorrow's competition.  
As I stood in the tub of icy water, Greg stripped off my sweat soaked bodysuit
  and leggings. I heard a familiar 'Knock, Knock' from behind our curtain doorway.
  Greg called, 'Come on in Tom' as I belted my robe about me. Tom held the curtain
  while Karen waddled in wincing in pain. She dropped the large cold pack wrapped
  in a towel on the desk and then sat on it with a sigh.  
'My God, why aren't you in the infirmary?' I asked stunned out of my own
  tiredness.  
'Ah, there nothing but third degree burns and some of them aren't even that
  bad', she said in her thickest southern accent. 'The so-called doctors in the
  infirmary could only tell me to keep the damaged skin cool and apply plenty
  of aloe&hellip; as if I couldn't have figured that out for myself!' She paused
  to give me a huge smile, 'Besides there no way that my Tom could keep me away
  once I found out that my brave rescuer had won again!'  
'Won again?' I asked perplexed.  
'You don't know?' She asked flabbergasted.  
'Know what?'  
'That you won the lava walk with a nine point eight', Karen replied smugly.  
Greg left my side to turn to the computer muttering 'how is that possible'
  under his breath. Tom was by his side in a flash and they worked there way
  through the scoring until they could get the details on my results. 'By God,
  it's unbelievable, but you darn well did it.' He said happily as he ran over
  and hugged me. 'There were four parts to the scoring, speed was only one of
  them, so slowing down to help Karen left you with an 8.5, which bumped up to
  a 9.0 when they gave you a ten second bonus for good sportsmanship. The judges
  gave you tens in every other area.'  
'But there are only three scoring criteria, not four', I replied in confusion.  
Tom joined in with a smile, 'You know the rule that you aren't allowed to
  adversely affect another contestant unless it is within the confines of the
  contest?' I nodded my head in the positive. 'Well it appears that the corollary
  is the fourth grading factor in all events! It has something to do with tomorrow's
  event and the fact that in the past women would keep beating each other even
  after they were down or when they were trying to get up. When they stopped
  that practice they added this rule and it's been sitting there ever since.'
  That big smile of his seemed to fill the room. 'And you pretty lady found it
  without even trying.'  
Karen looked up at the two of us and added, 'Not only that, but since my
  fall was caused by another contestant I received the maximum time bonus of
  fifteen seconds which raised me to a 9.2 and which puts me in seventh place.
  So this old girl has got a chance to make it into the finals for the first
  time ever!'  
'You're still going to compete tomorrow? But that's crazy they are all going
  to be aiming for your burns and that is going to hurt like nobodies business.'
  I said totally startled that she would even consider going on.  
'Baby I bore two children all through natural childbirth and let me tell
  you that nothing that anyone can ever do to me will be more painful than that!'
  Karen replied earnestly. 'So as long as I've got a chance to make it into the
  finals, you can bet that I can take whatever they want to dish out!'  
'You know I tried to tell her the same thing', Tom chimed in, 'but I couldn't
  fault her reasoning.'  
'Ah, hmm', someone said from behind the curtain.  
Greg stuck his head out of the curtained doorway and asked, 'Can we help
  you?'  
The backstage attendant nodded and said, 'The Head Promoter would like to
  see you both in his office at your earliest possible convenience.' Seeing the
  question forming on Greg's lips he added, 'And no I don't know why.' He turned
  and walked away without another word.  
'Ah, well I guess we better be going so we can take care of my brides burnt
  butt!' Tom said as he helped Karen off the desk. They left amidst a storm of
  her grumbling about just how funny her husband thought he was.  
The secretary in the outer office sat cross-legged behind a desk that looked
  like it had never been used for work. Her attention was entirely on her nails
  as she buffed and shaped them to perfection. I saw Greg's eyes stray to her
  flagrantly displayed legs and smiled to myself as he scowled. Her impressive
  display of thigh in her short slit skirt was lost on my man, as it was all
  too obvious that she wore cheap pantyhose.  
Pantyhose and my Master did not get along, as he hated having anything between
  him and what he considered to be his. I'm sure the strappy platform sandals
  that she wore also turned him off. Oh, certainly the seven-inch spike heel
  would have interested him but the three-inch platform supporting the balls
  of her feet ruined the effect. Knowing him, he would have been much more aroused
  by a simple pair of four-inch heels.  
Her impressive breast works however did seem to meet with his approval. She
  wore a brightly stripped shirt that was tailored to her body and ended lying
  lightly over the skirts waistband rather than tucked into it. It was a new
  fashion that many teens were displaying which made me wonder if all of her
  makeup hid a much younger woman than I had at first guessed.  
She finally seemed to notice us, and her initial look of disdain from being
  interrupted quickly changed to a predatory smile as she licked her lips while
  she looked directly into Greg's eyes. 'And just how may I be of&hellip; Service  to
  you?' She asked suggestively while the fingers of one hand slid down the front
  of her open blouse to make sure that she was displaying as much cleavage as
  possible.  
My Master, I know, has a weakness for large breasts in tight shirts as he
  often had me wear blouses a size to small when he wanted to tie me in street
  clothes so I felt I should take the lead. 'Your office sent for me. I am Sharon
  Glasser here to see the head promoter.'  
She gave a little tinkling laugh, 'Oh, yes the HEAD promoter&hellip;' she
  said continuing to watch Greg's eyes as she emphasized the word "head". His
  earlier interest cooled quickly leaving behind an angry gaze. Her smile vanished
  as her attempted seduction failed miserably and in another second that hard
  steely look forced her to break eye contact. 'Ah&hellip; just one second and
  I see if Mr. DeNoto is in.'  
She stood and straightened her skirt, obviously trying to regain her composure
  before she entered the door she had been guarding. Stupid girl, I thought to
  myself, what did she expect to happen when she starred directly into a master's
  eyes! The twit certainly hadn't met one before otherwise her flirting would
  have taken an entirely different tact.  
The door opened and a man with a shark-like smile, which fit perfectly with
  his sharkskin suit, emerged. He walked directly toward me with outstretched
  hands, but his eyes darted quickly back and forth between the two of us. 'Hello,
  I'm Danny DeNoto. Sharon it is an honor to meet you', he said in a gravelly
  ingratiating voice as his two clammy hands wrapped themselves around my right.
  His eyes darted back to Greg, 'and you sir, it is a true pleasure to meet a
  Master of your obvious quality, that could create such an outstanding submissive.'  
I disengaged my hand while he watched Greg and wiped off his grime on the
  side of my designer sweat pants. With a sweeping gesture he said, 'Please step
  into my office.' His tone changed, 'Marcy please get us all a cup of coffee.'
  The secretary, Marcy, gave him a look that said that he could get his own damn
  coffee, but a hard glance in return forced her to hold her tongue.  
After he had closed the door behind us he said softly, 'It is just so hard
  to find good help these days, isn't it? Marcy is my wife's niece and not much
  good at anything, but I keep her around for her obvious assets&hellip; in terms
  of greeting guests.' I wondered to myself just how much his wife knew about
  his delving into those obvious assets, which was easy to see through their
  well-developed interplay. Regardless, I wasn't there to discuss his infidelity.  
He interlaced his fingers on the desk before him as he got down to business.
  'First I must congratulate you on wining the first two events. That's a first
  in the thirty years of this contest and it does make you a bit of a celebrity
  in the B&amp;D world. If you take that plus the facts that you are a total
  unknown to the industry and that you are nearly a shoe in to make the finals,
  that makes you a very hot property.' I nodded my head in agreement and waited
  for him to get to the point. 'So what I would like to do is ask you're permission
  to post pictures of you on the BondageCon 2004 website.' Ah, so that is what
  this was all leading up to!  
'That's right the disclaimer that I signed only referred to using my picture
  after the contest was over. Hmm, I suppose your lawyers screwed up on that
  one', I replied off-handedly.  
He looked pained when he replied, 'Yes, well this is a very unusual situation.'  
'Yes, I'm sure it is and if you could get the word out on the net that an
  incredibly beautiful newcomer was looking at making a clean sweep of the competition,
  especially with some pictures from say the runway contest with me teetering
  in those six inch heels to back it up&hellip; hmm, you could probably increase
  the attendance by a factor of what? &hellip; three perhaps? Add that to how
  much you can charge for people to download those pictures and we are talking
  some very serious money aren't we?'  
I ticked off these thoughts on my fingers as they popped into my head. What
  I was doing was merciless, but heck this was business and after watching Mr.
  Thatcher and Mr. Stanton go at it this was pretty small potatoes. From the
  corner of my eye I noticed that Greg was watching me intently and I chose to
  take his silence as encouragement to continue.  
Mr. DeNoto paled visibly as he began to run a finger about his collar, as
  if it were too tight, before he stopped himself. Reluctantly he agreed, 'Yes,
  that's about it in a nutshell. So if you will just sign this document we can
  all get back about our business.'  
'I see', I replied thoughtfully as I looked at the paper that had been placed
  in front of me. 'Hmm, what I don't see is the amount of remuneration that I
  am to receive for my services?' I passed it over to Greg, but it was obvious
  that it was merely a release form.  
'Remuneration?' He asked perplexed.  
'Payment&hellip; money', I supplied in an effort to broaden his vocabulary.  
'Oh, you want a kick back', he said leaning back in his chair with a smile,
  'I'm sure something like that can be arranged.'  
'No, I do not want a kick back', I told him firmly, 'what I was thinking
  of was that every picture you post of me or any statements that you make about
  me must have "Leather &amp; Lace, Inc. representative" attached in big bold
  letters.'  
'But we have a firm policy that none of our postings be associated with any
  one company!' He replied in an angry voice.  
'Ah, then I suppose that we have an impasse', I replied airily.  
'An im&hellip; what?' He said as his face reddened.  
'An impasse&hellip; we can not come to an agreement so there is no deal',
  I explained as I would to a child while leaning back in my seat.  
Jumping to his feet, he planted both hands on the desk with a thump and leaned
  over it towards me, 'Now look here missy&hellip;'  
That was a far as he got before the noise of Greg's hand slamming down on
  the desk stunned him to a stop. 'Danny', he said very quietly, 'you are going
  to sit down at your desk nice and easily or this meeting is over.' He waited
  till the poor wretch was looking directly at him before adding, 'Do I make
  myself clear?'  
'Yeah, yeah&hellip;' he said as he sat back down, 'but we don't do that!'  
'Danny', Greg continued softly, 'I suggest you talk to the lady and not me.
  It's her picture that you want to plaster all over the inter-net not mine.'  
'Look Sharon, I'm sorry for getting out of line, but I can't agree to what
  you are asking', he said as he relaxed a bit and spread his hands in negation.
  'Now, if there is some other form of payment that we could negotiate&hellip;'  
'If you can't agree to it, then who can?' I asked.  
'Huh, ah Mr. Del Rizzo I guess, he owns 85% of the business.'  
'We can wait while you get him on the phone.'  
'OK, but he's not going to like this', he replied disgustedly as he picked
  up the receiver and dialed. His conversation was muffled behind his hand, but
  the sweat on his forehead made it clear that things weren't going his way.
  When he put the phone back in its cradle his hand faltered and it took him
  two tries to get it right. He looked up at me from behind his pale complexion
  and said, 'Ah, Mr. Rizzo has agreed to your request and he told me to thank
  you for kindness. He'll have a copy of the revised document ready for you signature
  delivered to your dressing room.'  
I nodded, rose and turned to leave. Looking over my shoulder I asked, 'He
  thanked me for my kindness? Why?'  
The man looked beaten when he replied in a tight voice, 'For having to deal
  with me.'  
Turning back I asked, 'Can I use your phone?'  
'Sure, why the hell not', he said pushing it towards me.  
Picking up the receiver I hit the re-dial button. 'Mr. Rizzo I just wanted
  to call and thank you myself for all your help. Danny had been such a lovely
  host, but when we reached our little impasse he said that you were the true
  power in this organization and that only you could make that type of decision.
  So I apologize from dragging you away from your important work, but I just
  had to thank both you and Danny for all your support.' He spoke a few words
  to me and asked that I put on Mr. DeNoto, so I handed the phone to him.  
'Yes, Mr. Rizzo. Of course Mr. Rizzo. Thank you Mr. Rizzo.' When he put the
  receiver down he had a funny look on his face. 'Thank you&hellip; thank you
  Ms. Glasser, that was really good of you.' He pulled himself together as I
  nodded and turned towards the door. 'I'll have Marcy run down that agreement
  as soon as it arrives.'  
Once we left the room, I looked over to Greg and asked diffidently, 'Was
  that alright?'  
'Darling, that was perfect!' He answered as he put his arm around my shoulders.  
'But I just ripped that man apart back there, I don't think that that is
  in the female submissive handbook!' I said in a soft, yet questioning voice.  
'Oh, my, my, my', he said with a laugh, 'so you are still trying to figure
  out what the rules of your new role are, eh?' At my nod of agreement he continued.
  'Suffice it to say that if I don't tell you not to do something that you are
  allowed to do it. However since you seem to want more clarification suppose
  I start by asking you a few questions.' I nodded again and he proceeded.  
'At work do you expect me to over-rule your decisions?'  
'No. Not unless you thought I was doing something that wasn't in the best
  interest of the company.'  
'Would you expect me to berate you for putting an errant male worker in his
  place if he was working for you?'  
'I think that I am getting your meaning&hellip; what happens outside of our
  sexual relationship is not your concern, correct?'  
'Correct as far as being your Master goes! However as your lover I was very
  proud of how you handled yourself in there and as for you handing that stupid
  idiot his head&hellip; to bad for him, he deserved it. But that little finishing
  touch of making him grateful to you was sheer genius. The last thing we needed
  was for him to start stacking the deck against us to get back at you.'  
Once I realized how open he was to discussing our roles I continued to ask
  questions throughout the evening. Slowly but surely all of the gray areas that
  had plagued me for so long became more defined. At first Greg was a bit perturbed
  by all of my requests for clarification, but when he realized that I was as
  much a "type A" personality as he and that my goal was to be the most perfect
  submissive possible his attitude took a huge shift. He became the wonderfully
  thoughtful teacher listening to my every question and than discussing them
  point by point with me. Even when we lay down to sleep that evening we talked
  until finally all of the questions that I could think of had been answered.  
'You know with all of these little nuances to our roles you would think someone
  would have written a rule book!' Greg looked at me incredulously. 'You know
  what I mean like a golf hand book that tells you how to swing the club on an
  up hill lie&hellip;'  
Greg laughed out loud at the thought, but sobered when he saw my hurt expression.
  'It's an interesting idea baby, but I think that the problem would be that
  every Masters expectations might be different. I've told you what I want. What
  my father wants of Cassy or what Mike Thatcher wants of Samantha may be two
  totally different things.' I nodded my head as I began to understand the dilemma.
  'To make it even more complicated this is what I want today and it is entirely
  possible that this may change as our relationship grows.'  
Wrapping his arm about me, he drew me into the spoon of his body, as he whispered
  softly into my ear, 'I love you both for the person that you are and the submissive
  that you have become to please me. I see your worry that things may change,
  but I promise you it will only be for the better as we become closer and closer
  to becoming one. Now sleep beautiful one so that you are well rested for tomorrow's
  event!' He kissed my hair and I fell off to sleep with the happy thought of
  the two of us becoming one.  
Walking into the event on Wednesday I couldn't help but feel totally elated.
  This was my favorite event and I couldn't stop myself from feeling excited
  that it had finally arrived. My mood was heightened even further by the life
  size cardboard cut out picture of me at the runway event standing in the middle
  of the lobby. There I was in my tight red corset, standing tiptoe in my useless
  high heels, while swing bells hung from my nipples. I knew that it was impossible,
  but the way the photographer had caught me the dimples caused by the gag made
  it look as if I were smiling.  
Seeing Karen waiting outside the door of my dressing room was the cherry
  on top of my ice cream sundae. 'How are the burns?' I asked her as we hugged.  
Drawing back from me she opened her robe to show off her bikini clad body
  and her still angry red thighs. 'I have enough aloe on these puppies to grease
  a fleet of New York taxis! So at the moment I'm feeling just fine!' She looked
  up at me and asked, 'how are you doing?' Her eyes were piercing and it was
  as if she could see my uneasiness as clearly as if I had plastered a sign on
  my chest.  
'I'm actually kind of excited', I answered slowly and than thought that I
  shouldn't sound overly confident, 'but I'm a little scared at being singled
  out as the number one target.'  
Karen gave her hearty belly laugh before replying, 'Darlin' that is the most
  normal thing you have done so far in this competition! Of course you're nervous,
  you're the new sheriff in town and everyone is gunning for you. But don't you
  worry honey, because I'm going to be you faithful deputy standing right by
  your side so you don't ever have to worry about being alone.'  
Tears of gratitude began to well in my eyes as I wrapped her in a hug. 'Now
  don't think that I'm being all altruistic on you here honey, as I'm the most
  realistic cuss you are ever likely to meet! The way I see it is that there
  is no chance in the world for me to be the winner. Let's face it, I'm past
  my prime and that's going to show more and more WHEN WE get to the finals.
  But if it weren't for you darlin' I wouldn't even be looking at a chance to
  make it into the finals and in all honesty that has always been Tom and my
  dream. So you might just say that I still have to pay you back for saving my
  ass&hellip; literally!'  
I didn't know what to say but Greg stepped in to fill the gap, 'Sounds like
  a great plan to me. You've got to admit that my little lady is like a lightening
  rod out there and where there is lightening there is fire which is what is
  making you two ladies red hot properties!'  
'Thanks for reminding me of my ass again Greg, but its high time that we
  start planning our strategy together!' With that we all gathered round the
  computer and discussed the upcoming event. There were now only thirty-eight
  contestants left with the meat grinder taking another ten down in the lava
  walk event. Looking at it mathematically only the top twenty had any probability
  of winning their way into the final six. So it all came down to not making
  any critical mistakes in my case and in Karen's she had to also outshine the
  others.  
Tom added, 'Karen has a very high pain tolerance so our basic plan was to
  simply have her take the punishment and keep on smiling. However, with the
  damage done to her rump that's not going to be as easy as we had anticipated.'  
Greg looked at me and asked, 'How do you feel about covering Karen's ass
  again?'  
My smile grew larger than my face as I asked, 'Just what did you have in
  mind?'  
Tom and Karen started to say something and Greg shushed them both and then
  said, 'Here's the plan.'  
The Gauntlet was simply two columns of women set into boxes two feet by four
  feet long outlined on the floor with colored masking tape. The two sets ran
  perpendicular to each other with only four feet separating them to form the
  aisle that was the gauntlet. All of the remaining contestants would line up
  one across from the other to fill 18 boxes on each side. The two ladies at
  the mouth of the Gauntlet would put down their whips or paddles and then would
  have there wrist restraints attached to their collars before they were sent
  down the path.  
The object was to make it through the seventeen pairs of whips, without stumbling
  and while doing your best to keep a smile plastered on your faces. Just looking
  at the layout of the boxes was intimidating. In each alternating box a paddle
  or a whip was waiting on the floor, just aching to be used. Worse yet the box
  opposite to its companion in the aisle always had the opposite implement, which
  meant that while one contestant was going for your front with the whip the
  other was going for the rear with the paddle.  
The paddle was a nasty thing, which was made to look like a cricket bat.
  The dimensions were about correct with the total length a bit longer than two
  feet and the blade being eighteen inches long and three inches wide, but that
  was were the likeness stopped. The blade itself was a flat piece of heavily
  lacquered wood with holes drilled in it in a checkerboard pattern. From the
  side it looked more like a spatula, this would have reassured me somewhat if
  I hadn't already felt the sting of this little item which with it holes disallowed
  even a cushion of air for protection  
The whip was one I was well acquainted with, as it was a product that Leather
  and Lace sold and Stanton &amp; Sons produced. It was one of Greg's favorites
  with its longish handle and its multiple braided eighteen inch leather tongs.
  The good news was that this was what was referred to a medium whip, which meant
  that the tongs weren't quite as long or heavy as its big brother and most importantly
  the ends weren't knotted. The bad news was that having a dozen braided leather
  straps slamming into your unprotected breasts or stomach was not a pleasant
  sensation&hellip; to some at least.  
I knew that my own personal experiences with the whip could often be quite
  different than the torture that some might expect. Greg often used the whip
  while I was bound helplessly to our bed and his desire was not simply to punish
  me. Far from it he was rewarding me!  
For instance I would be bound, gagged and blindfolded spread eagle upon my
  big four-poster dressed in the sexy lingerie of his choice. To this he would
  add a few choice items like a vibrating egg shoved into my vagina and perhaps
  a pair of overly tight nipple clamps that he would tie painfully to the tops
  of the tall posts of the headboard. He would then begin to play with my clit,
  perhaps with his fingers or other times with a vibrator but his passion to
  make me cum was very clear. Ah, but I had to pay for my pleasure and he would
  remind of this often. The crop would strike me at the top of my thighs just
  above my garter belted stockings, causing me to cry out helplessly into my
  gag. He would order me to point my toes in my slippers or heels or to hump
  the vibrator faster and this would cause me to focus on those things, even
  for a short time. All of these things were used to keep me from focusing on
  the one thing that I wanted most and that of course was to cum. This forced
  my climaxes to build and slow, build and slow, build and slow&hellip; until
  I could think of nothing else but my final climax. It was then that each strike
  of the lash and each painful twist of my nipples transcended pain and became
  pure excitement traveling down into my loins like wildfire.  
This was the state that I sought to replicate before I strode down through
  the gauntlet of angry vixens! Lucinda worked with me on this relentlessly,
  chasing me about with the whip, paddle or even her favorite crop while she
  had Greg ran through a litany of wonderful things that he was going to do with
  my quivering flesh once he got his hands on me again. Greg had continued describing
  exactly what he was doing to me during our sexual bondage sessions and with
  me blinded this worked even better to bind the litany of love into my mind.
  It had gotten to the point that I merely had to close my eyes while I walked
  to hear his voice in my ears. His tone would become more and more intense as
  my orgasm grew. So despite the intimidating air of the event, I felt more confident
  than ever that this was one area that I could excel in.  
In my six-inch high heel sandals, which featured crossing straps across the
  instep and an ankle strap I felt very confident in my stride while Karen and
  I were escorted to our respective boxes across from each other. The crowd exploded
  with noise. Whistles, catcalls and finally my name being chanted overwhelmed
  even the MC as he introduced each of the ladies. I took full advantage of my
  heavy satin push-up bra to thrust out my chest and show off my very feminine
  curves. Add to that a straight legged bent at the waist pose with me throwing
  kisses to the audience and I soon had them in the palm of my hand. As the MC
  called for quiet over the PA and the applause receded I waved to the crowd
  and smiled my best smile and then gave them a few more Betty Boop type poster
  poses until I had them cheering again.  
This is not to say that some of the other contestants didn't get exactly
  the same reaction, as this was the one event that allowed the contestants the
  freedom to really bond with the crowd. In fact a few of them that were well-known
  favorites that often brought audience to standing ovations!  
It was an intoxicating feeling to know that you were the focus of so much
  attention, yet even more satisfying was the smiles of approval that I was being
  graced with by my Master. I picked up the paddle at my feet and waved it at
  him. He mimed bending over and spanking his own ass and I laughed as I followed
  his led. The camera flashes came hot and heavy which was just fine by me. Giving
  the photographers plenty of good shots meant that my pictures would be plastered
  all over the net yielding L&amp;L a ton of free publicity!  
'Contestants numbers one and four please take your places at the beginning
  of the gauntlet', the PA intoned after the MC had finished his introductions.
  A tall blond named Clarissa was number one, who even without her heels would
  have dwarfed the little Japanese Tamoko. Tamoko, even with the six inch heels,
  head only barely reached the blonds breasts and her slim body and short hair
  made her look more like a boy than a girl. Clarissa on the other hand was muscular
  yet at the same time a bit on the heavy side, but I doubt that her Master minded
  as much of her extra weight was carried in her huge chest.  
Attendants quickly secured their wrist restraints to their collars, while
  making sure that all of the buckles were tight with no chance of them coming
  loose. Soon they were ready and Clarissa was lined up at the starting gate.
  Tamoko was slightly behind her and would be held back for ten seconds until
  the attendants would let her through the gate.  
Clarissa shook her deeply tanned body to loosen the muscles and tested her
  mules to make sure they were comfortable. Wearing mules with such a high heel
  seemed incredible to me, yet her California look seemed to suggest that she
  wore this sort of outfit on a daily basis. This would certainly account for
  why she was so comfortable in her outrageous sandals.  
The bell rang and she was off. Clarissa was an old hand at this and refused
  to bolt out of the starting gate, this wasn't a race and she knew it. With
  a steady stride she started down the gauntlet. She kept her smile even after
  the first blow from a whip lashed her double "D" chest. The paddles flew slamming
  her cheeks till they turned bright red and the repeated whipping of her chest
  was turning the red lines white. Twice she faltered as a wicked paddle stroke
  pushed her forward, but she quickly regained her stride and finished with a
  tight smile still gracing her face.  
Tamoko wasn't as fortunate. She bolted out of the gate like a startled fawn
  and her running like stride left her an easy mark for the veteran paddlers.
  She hadn't even made it three boxes before one of the contestants felled her
  like a tiny sapling. Undaunted she scrambled back to her feet. Still not learning
  her lesson she ran to catch up. This caught a few of the ladies off guard,
  but the pair before Karen and I would get our chance found her measure to disastrous
  effect. The paddle caught her only on one cheek, but the weight of the blow
  was enough to turn her half around making it impossible not to fall over her
  high heeled pumps. The whip, whistling through the air that had been aimed
  at her chest slammed right into her face as she fell to the floor. Tomoko let
  out a piercing scream as the whip cut at her mouth and cheeks splitting her
  lip in a number of places. Crying she got up shakily to her feet right in between
  Karen and I. The crowd began to yell for us to hit her as if this was a Roman
  coliseum and they were baying for the poor Christians blood. I swung my paddle
  half-heartedly and even this light blow almost knocked her down again. The
  good news was it also got her moving and she passed on out of our reach. I
  was shouting encouragement to her as she continued down the path like a pinball
  in a machine gone wild. But a quarter of the way from the finish she received
  a perfect one-two punch, where the paddle caught her just below the hips as
  the whip hit her right in the chest. Her meager chest was already bleeding
  from the punishment that she had taken so she must have leaned back to avoid
  the blow, this combined with the double slam knocked her onto her back and
  that was just to much for her. The tears poured down her face, but she refused
  to cry out again as she rolled herself into a ball for protection from any
  further blows.  
Despite the crowd braying for the beating to continue, the contestants all
  just stood back and waited until two attendants came to pick her up and help
  her off the course. I couldn't help but wonder if the shock of yesterdays ruling,
  regarding what I liked to think of as good sportsmanship, make them hold their
  blows. Of course it might simply be that they were protecting themselves from
  payback from this very eliminated contestant. You see there were no eliminations
  till after the course was completed so Tomoko was helped out of her restraints
  and put back into the last box at the end of the left line as we all shifted
  back one box.  
Clarissa very solid score of nine point three flashed up on the screen and
  the crowd roared with approval. Reaching across the lane, the tall blond shook
  Tamoko's hand obviously consoling her. She responded with a deep bow of respect
  and the crowd once again voiced its approval.  
The contest went on and slowly but surely Karen and I moved to the back of
  the lines until it was our turn to face the gauntlet.  
When the bell rang for Karen start, she bowed to the audience, smiled and
  than burst out into song! 'Just a spoon full of sugar helps the medicine go
  down, helps the medicine go down, the medicine go down, the medicine go down&hellip; in
  the most delightful way.' In tune with the song from Mary Poppins she began
  to sashay down the aisle as if she were walking across her high school stage.
  Even the first few blows to her still tender hips didn't faze her as she slowly
  worked her way down the path. I laughed as I watched her go singing the only
  tune that she was sure that she could remember as she had sang it to her children
  more times than she could count. This was all a part of the great plan that
  we had derived and my way to make sure that her back was protected.  
The attendant watching the time shouted, "go" as the ten-second mark passed.
  Taking a deep breath I closed my eyes for a second and centered myself on Greg's
  sexy voice than I stepped off at a good pace. The blows came and I soaked them
  up like a sponge, smiling all the wider as I imagined Greg playing with my
  clit and twisting my nipples. With seemingly no effort what so ever I caught
  up with Karen until we were only a yard apart. This forced the contestants
  to often decide whether to hit Karen at all or try to get in two strokes on
  me. Knocking off number one was too big of an opportunity for most of them
  and more and more shots were directed my way.  
Closing my eyes I let the sound of Karen's voice direct me while I slid into
  my head and let Greg's litany of love overtake me. Soon I was moaning not in
  pain but in excitement as the wildfire effect began to take hold of me. Oh,
  God yes, a whip lashed my breasts and just caught my nipple and the lightening
  flowed into my cunny. A heavy blow to my hips sent me up on tiptoe, but I simply
  danced forward in my perfectly secured sandals just like the ballerina that
  I had once been.  
'That felt so good, didn't it baby' Greg whispered in my ear and I shouted
  out 'Yes, Master' as a huge smile filled my face. A blow of the whip to my
  stomach was like multiple lines of fire, but Greg's voice egging me on and
  telling me how much I loved it, turned the fire into sizzling excitement. 'Yes,
  yes, please more' I cried.  
'Tell me how much you want it baby', Greg's voice said softly in my mind
  as the rain of blows came thicker and heavier.  
'Hmm, yes, thank you Master may I have another', I replied breathily, 'another&hellip; another&hellip; oh,
  yes, another&hellip; oh, thank you Master for hitting my cunny&hellip; it aches
  for your touch&hellip; oh, yes thank you Master!'  
'Will you come for me if I whip your little cunny?' Greg asked softly.  
'Oh, yes Master, please hit my cunny&hellip;. Please, please&hellip;' I begged
  piteously. The whips shifted there target and more and more strokes made it
  between my legs. The blades wrapped around my thighs leaving just the dangerous
  tips to lick my lips. 'Oh, yes, yes, yes&hellip;'  
&hellip;and your out' was the last thing the I heard. It was the phrase that
  I had been trained with over and over. It was the end where I could let myself
  go. I felt strong arms encircle me and I slumped into them and let the orgasm
  that had been building for the last hundred feet burst forth as I cried out
  in ecstasy, 'YES!'  
I felt myself lowered to the floor as my hips bucked to the unleashed tsunami.
  A blanket was thrown over my body and then Greg's hand was down between my
  legs bringing me from one peak of excitement to the next. I don't know how
  long he played with me, but as my orgasms finally ebbed, I opened my eyes to
  see him smiling brightly.  
'Thank you Master that was wonderful', I intoned with pure adoration in my
  voice.  
Flash after flash caught me unaware making me wince from the bright lights
  as the photographers captured it all on film. I smiled to the crowd as Greg
  helped me back to my feet and then turned when I heard my own breathy voice
  behind me. '&hellip; And here it is again' the announcer said, as the huge
  screen dissolved to a close up of Greg supporting me while the blanket covering
  my waist rose and fell with my hips. His flying fingers could be seen as a
  tent in the wool directly above my gyrating vagina. My eyes were closed and
  the excitement on my face was easy to see as my hand clenched the corner of
  the blanket into a knot pulling it away from my breasts. The camera zoomed
  in on the angry red lines that resembled an insane road map across my chest
  as it rose and fell to my labored breathing. My final climax was incredible
  to behold as I bucked like a wild thing and called out, 'Yes Master, Thank
  you Master' over and over again as I came. I finally lay still with a sated
  look upon my face until slowly my eyes opened and I said in a very husky breathy
  voice, 'Thank you Master that was wonderful'.  
The camera zoomed back to the MC, 'that was absolutely incredible ladies
  and gentlemen! Once again baby and her Master Greg, our Leather and Lace representatives
  have pulled off an absolutely amazing run the likes of which has never been
  seen before. Let's just take another look at that run on instant replay&hellip;'  
It was at that point that the crowd exploded in pandemonium as the scores
  appeared up on the big screen. I smiled in satisfaction as the ten point zero
  went up on the board next to my name and began to flash. Then I found myself
  screaming and jumping up and down as Karen's name was followed by a glowing
  nine point eight! Karen and Tom came over and we all hugged each other, with
  Karen and I continuing to jump up and down in glee.  
An attendant came over and cleared his throat to make himself heard, but
  it took a yell from him to get through our elation, 'Ladies, we are going to
  be starting up again in just a few minutes and we need you to take your places.'
  Oh, darn! That right we still had half of the event to go through to finish
  the gauntlet.  
Karen started back over to her box and picked up her paddle. I gave Greg
  one more hug before I did the same. The camera followed us back to our boxes
  and then the crowd began a low rumbling chant, '&hellip;baby&hellip; baby&hellip; baby&hellip; baby&hellip;'.
  I curtsied to the crowd, which is quite a chore in six-inch heels, yet my smile
  knew no bounds. The camera zoomed in on the wet stain on my bikini bottoms,
  and I laughed out loud as I waved to the crowd. Then turning to Greg I pointed
  between my legs, then curtsied to him and yelled, 'Thank you Master.' The crowd
  roared its approval until the MC called for quiet so that the event could continue.
  But none of that mattered. Karen and I had made it into the finals; Greg was
  beaming his love and approval at me with every glance, so everything was perfect
  with my world!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  White Knight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





