BDSM Library - On The Road Again




On The Road Again
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A bored business man, sitting quietly in a bar, helps a sexy young lady out of a bad situation and ends up with a willing sex slave.
On the Road Again
By the White Knight
(This is a fictional story based upon a similar encounter that did not in anyway
turn out like this fantasy.)


It was late, for me at least, around about mid-night.  The hotel bar was
relatively quiet with all of the usual sounds.  A basketball game was on the TV. 
People were chatting about this and that and the normal few singles on the make. 
With all of the traveling that I have had to do lately, bars like this one were
becoming almost a home away from home to me. 

I took another sip of my beer; a pretty good amber made for the hotel by a
microbrewery, as I turned the page of the latest book I was reading.  You know
the type; action adventure hero finds mystery, meets girl, fights bad guys,
loses girl and finally solves the mystery.  Just another day in the life of a
bored businessman.

I felt the seat cushion of the booth I was in pressed downwards, before I
realized that someone was there.  I looked up from my book to see what I can
only describe as a cheerful woman with a warm smile.  I couldn't help but smile
back at her as I asked, "Is there something I can do for you?"  A little
clarification may be needed hear.  Women do not come up to me and start
conversations in settings like this one.  I am not ugly, but I am also not a
male model.  At 6'4", with my dark hair starting to show signs of gray and
beginning to have to fight the battle of the bulge, I am definitely not most
women's fantasy.

"First", the charming blond began, "you can pretend like we are having a great
time."  She gave a little laugh, which I now believe was an act, but at the time
believed was in response to the disbelieving / questioning look I gave her. 
"Look", she continued, "I came here to maybe find a little fun, but the guy over
there who's been hitting on me is drunk and really becoming annoying.  If you
don't mind to much, I'd like to hang out here...  with you, until he loses
interest or leaves."  Just as she finished this statement a pretty good looking
guy, with his work shirt collar open and tie down, passed by.  He looked at both
of us as he passed the booth.  He had a pissed off look, so I figured he was the
jilted guy.

After he passed I said, "It looks like you re in luck", tilting my head in the
direction towards the door, "It looks like King Annoying has left for the
evening".  She smiled that infectious smile again, "Yes, that's a good name for
him. I like it", she said.  "If you don't mind I'd like to hang around a few
more minutes to make sure he just isn't going to the bathroom or something.  Hey
what's your name and thanks for saving me."

"My names Mike", I said with a smile, "and your welcome.  Saving damsels in
distress has always been one of my fantasies."  I lowered my voice
conspiratorially, "Especially when I don't have to slay any dragons to do it." 
This time her laugh was real.  Her head tilted backwards as she laughed pushing
forward a very nice chest, showing a modest amount cleavage.

Hey, I said to myself, it's O.K. to look even if you are married.  Heck you're
not dead yet!  She was a pretty picture to look at.  Not very tall, perhaps five
one or two, but she had a proportionately shaped body for her size that had all
of the appropriate curves.  Her short blond hair had the devil-may-care look
that reminded me of Meg Ryan, in the movie Top Gun.  Her face was not that of a
model, more rounded, with lips that should have been in a Revlon ad and big
green eyes.  She wore tasteful clothing.  A baby blue silk (maybe) blouse and
short black skirt, which displayed her very shapely light, blue stockings.  Best
of all though were her black high heels.  Those heels were five inches, if they
were an inch! Wow!

She started asking me the standard fair of questions.  You know, what's your
name, where do you work, what brings you here, etc.  It was just about at the
time that I found out her name was Katherine, but, you can call me Kathy.  Just
than King Annoying walked back in.  He glared at me like I was some kind of
snake, but fortunately walked on by, without making an incident.  We both let
out a similar sigh of relief at the same time.  We looked at each other and
cracked up laughing.  Heck, this was much more fun than reading a book.

We continued to talk and little by little I started to forget about her as a
"tempting" woman, but more as someone to share my loneliness.  She asked me
about home and I told her about my wife and kids.  I talked about them for quite
awhile, as I have done many times.  I told her about my lovely wife who was the
perfect mom and regaled her with stories of my three children.  Kathy in turn
told me about a failed relationship, with a boring accountant.  Ouch, I thought
to myself, that hit close to home.  I admitted to her that that's about what you
could label me "a boring accountant".  I had said it with a little sardonic
laugh, but my eyes looked down towards the table, sort of unconsciously
confirming the truth.

"Oh come on", she said.  "We been talking for close to an hour and I have been
anything but bored!"  As she made this quiet statement her soft hand had closed
over mine and given it a squeeze.  Electric shocks flowed up my arm and I found
myself getting aroused!  I was a little afraid to move my hand for fear that she
might think I was a wimp and also because I kind of liked the feeling.  We
continued to talk; though I am truthfully not sure how I was able to keep up my
end of the conversation.  A couple of times she lifted her hand off mine to
emphasize her words, but it always found its way back.  Finally I got more
comfortable and had basically convinced myself that she was just a friendly
southerner and this was her normal mannerism.  But then it happened, she had
shifted position a little and it brought her leg into direct contact with mine. 
Not incidental contact, but a light rubbing motion with her high-heeled foot
against my leg.  Bang, zoom, without so much as a stirring warning my privates
had hardened and started to make a slight, but to me very noticeable bulge in my
pants.  Woo baby, I thought, let's get these horse reined in and quickly before
I get into something I can't get out of.

"Kathy", I said slowly, not really knowing what I was going to say, but knowing
I had to say something.  "Kathy, I'm married.  Happily married.  I've got kids
and everything.  I... I really don't think I'm what you're looking for."  Her
foot stopped rubbing my leg, but neither it nor her hand moved.  "Mike", she
said softly looking me in the eye, "do you think I deserve someone like King
Annoying or someone open and honest like you?"

I laughed a little, nervously framing my reply, "Now, that lovely lady is a
loaded question."  I realized almost immediately what I had said wrong and
jumped in to correct myself.  "I didn't mean to say lovely lady, it just sort of
slipped out.  What I meant was that that question is loaded because you do
deserve someone better than King Annoying, but you also deserve some better than
me."  I plunged onwards, awkwardly trying to get myself out of this with
whatever was left of my dignity intact.  "Look, I'm no ladies man.  I love my
wife and kids and I wouldn't ever do anything to hurt them.... And besides, if
you knew what I was really like you would probably rate me below Mr. Annoying
over there."  I don't know where that statement came from, but rather than
closing the door for good, the one utterance opened up Pandora's box.

Her feminine curiosity had been aroused.  "What about you could possibly be so
bad that I would think less of you than that slime", she asked flatly.  I hemmed
and hawed, not knowing what to say.  "Mike", she started again, "I'm not trying
to make problems for you and I'm not suggesting we hurt anyone, but..." The
famous but.  Why does there always have to be a but.  Her foot had started to
slowly rub my leg, now more of a caress, because of the slowness and lightness
of her touch.

I had to stop this.  But, I wanted to stop it my way, not run a way like a
scared puppy.  I wanted to scare her off instead of vise versa.  "Look, Kathy",
I started abruptly.  "You are a heck of a nice person..."  "A lovely lady, I
think is how you put it", she interrupted.  "Yes", I resumed in my strongest
tough guy voice, "A nice person and a love lady.  But if I want sex I can get it
a home."  I looked down at the table and then opened my big mouth again.  "Maybe
not as often as I like, or in exactly the way I'd like..."

The condor pounced on the small running rodent.  "What do you mean not in
exactly the way you'd like", she asked with an interested look.  Truthfully I
had been trying to get to this place, but it still wasn't easy to use this to
scare her off.  I hemmed and hawed a little more, but she wouldn't relent. 
"Come on Mike, what is it you really want that not even your wife will give
you", she asked with that cat like smile that says I've got you now.  Both hands
were now on my hand.  "Well, blow jobs for one thing", I said breathlessly.  I
started to feel as if I had been running for a long time.  "Not they she won't
give me head once and it awhile, just not as often as I would like."

One of her hands moved off the table and down to my thigh, where she had it make
small circles with her fingers.  "So", she began.  "We have determined that you
don't have anything against a good blow job, I hardly think that that puts you
in a category below that slithering life form King Annoying.  Now, I knew I had
to run or continue on my set course.  I came out with both guns blazing.  "Look,
Kathy," I said, "Sex I can get at home, but what I want most of all is control!"

She looked at me blankly, "Control, what do you mean?", she asked.  "I mean,
bluntly", I said softly turning my head away from her prying eyes.  "Look, I get
my wife to wear sexy clothes and let me tie her up.  You know bondage... B&D...
S&M.  Whatever you want to call it.  To me their is nothing more exciting than
an a woman in sexy lingerie, bound and under my control."

Well that stopped her in her tracks.  She paused; in fact she had even
unconsciously leaned backwards.  Kathy just looked at me for awhile, it seemed
like an eternity.  I wanted to get up and run, rather than face the contempt I
felt was sure to come.  "If you want to get rid of me just say good-bye", she
said, "but don't go making up stories."  I looked her right in the eye and said
as steadily as I could, "It's no story."

She sat back against her seat, I thought at the time, in shock.  "So", she
began, "We have determined that you like blow jobs and bondage.  All right, I'll
buy it that you're serious."  She leaned forward again and put her hand back
over mine, "I still think you're a nice guy and I'm still interested.  Now,
either you can tell me to leave or we can go some place else, preferably one of
our rooms, to discuss this further."

Now, it was my turn to be shocked.  I felt like the deer caught in the middle of
the road watching the oncoming lights of a car.  I knew what was right, but...
there's always a but.  The flesh is weak and I had been away from home for
almost a month.  Ouch.

"You're telling me that you would agree to have sex while your helplessly
bound?" I asked incredulously.  "We hardly know each other, how can you trust me
like this.  Heck, it took my wife months, years to gain that comfort level." 
"Mike," she said shaking her head, "Your wife is the reason I trust you.  You
are still married and have three great kids.  No, I don't think your going to be
out to hurt me".  I thought it out and could not refute her logic.

"O.K., Mike", she said quietly, "Let's figure out how we can satisfy your...
fantasy and my ... hmmm lust".  Her emerald green eyes drilled into me as she
said, "If you could have me be and do anything your wanted what would it be".

"Jeez", I breathed.  "I never thought it would come to this so I had never
planned it out this far."  "Come on, give it a try", she egged me on as her hand
made contact with my thigh and her sexily shod foot began caressing my leg once
more.  "All right", I said, gaining strength and confidence, "Like I said the
first thing would be to get you into some sexy lingerie.  I especially like
corsets, garter belts and stockings."  She chuckled and inched her skirt up
until she had revealed the tops of her stockings (not panty hose) and a silk
royal blue garter strap.  "I was looking to ease my solace tonight over that
failed relationship", she said by way of explanation.  "I finally got up the
nerve to put on this Victoria's Secret outfit."  Now, it looked to me like she
blushed at this admission.  "I can't show you here in the bar", she continued,
"but, I'm also wearing the matching bustier.  Do you think that that will
qualify as sexy?"

"Ahhhh, yes", I stammered slightly.  "That would certainly fill the bill."  I
was in deep water now, way over my head.  "What else would I be wearing in this
fantasy", she asked huskily.  "High heels", I replied equally breathlessly, "I
noticed yours earlier.  The heel on them is...  is... fantastic!"  This time I
was sure that she did blush.  She looked down at the table breaking eye contact
for the first time in quite awhile.  "I'm on the short side so high heels make
me more average in height", she said quietly.  "Also, I like them because they
give me a kind of confidence and they make me feel.... sexy", she ended softly. 
"They do that," I agreed.  "I really like high heels on a woman and if not high
heels than slippers.  Like ballet slippers or those Sam & Libby flats..." She
abruptly had an quick and loud intake of breath and looked back into my eyes. 
"This is getting really weird", she said.  I didn't understand what she was
talking about.  What was getting a weird... heck, this whole thing was weird. 
Kathy opened her shoulder bag, wide enough for me to look inside.  Inside was a
pair of black Sam & Libby flats!  "These my favorite shoes", she said
unbelievingly.  "I must have almost a dozen pairs in different colors.  I keep
these with me for driving."  She laughed and her smile returned.  "I doubt that
you ever tried it", she said with a chuckle, "but, driving in heels like these,
is not easy."

"O.K.", I said.  "I guess it's good that we have some things in common.  You
dress just the way I would want my fantasy woman to and you wear shoes that
are... well exciting to me, but come on your not into bondage."  Her green eyes
meet mine, but more importantly her hand found my aroused manhood and gave it a
squeeze.  "Let's go back to your room and find out whether I do or don't like
that part of your fantasy", she said huskily as she rose.  Taking my hand she
led me to the elevator doors.

As the door to my room closed and I locked it, I noticed her give a little
shiver down her body.  "Keep talking to me", she said.  "I'm a little nervous,
no I'm a lot nervous and what sounded like a good idea a minute ago is sort of
scary now."  "Hey, look, you can leave any time you want," I replied.  "And I
don't think that there is anyway that you are more nervous than I am".  She
laughed a little laugh, "Oh, what an adventurous couple we make.  Talk to me. 
Tell me what you want me to do or at least what you're thinking."

"Honestly", I began, "I am nervous and excited all at the same time.  My mind is
whirling around with all sort of ways to fulfill my fantasies, but the one thing
that keeps coming up is what am I going to use to tie you up with?  I mean it's
not like I travel around with lengths of rope or anything", I finished in an
exasperated voice.  "Fine", she said, "a problem I can think through and not
have to worry about.  Of course I would like to know how you want to tie me up,
but to start with how many pieces of cord or rope do you think we will need?" 
"Two at the minimum", I answered, "but four or five would be better".  Looking
over at the drapes she asked, "How long do they have to be?"  I looked in that
direction and walked over to the drapes.  This was a classy hotel and the drapes
were held back by satin braided cords looped three times around each.  I undid
one of the fasteners and stretched out the gold cord.  "Minimally about three
feet, but six or more feet is best", I said thoughtfully.  The cord was a least
six feet long.  Together we stripped the other three and closed the double set
of drapes.

Kathy held two of the straps, feeling them and looking at them.  She looked up
at me and handed the gold satin ropes to me wordlessly.  "Now", I said, "I guess
it's up to me to flesh out this fantasy... pun very much intended!"  She thought
it over for a minute and then gave a little laugh. 

"All right here's the way I would like the rest of the evening to go"; I said
softly looking right into her big green eyes.  Somewhere along the line we had
taken hold of each other's hands and the cords were draped over my shoulder. 
"If you don't buy into this, after I lay out my plans", I continued, "Please,
feel free to leave."  "Sorry", she said.  "I can't run out just yet, let's hear
these plans of yours."

"O.K. its late, so though I would like to go for more positions, I think two is
the max for the night", I started.  "In one I would like to tie you up on your
knees, with your legs spread.  I'd want you wearing just your sexy under
garments and I'd like you to remove your high heels and replace them with your
flats.  When you are properly bound, I intend to kiss and fondle you till your
at the point of orgasm and then just when you are on the edge have you give me
the best blow job that you ever given."  I looked at her and asked, "Are you
still with me or should we call it quits now?"

"No", Kathy said softly, huskily, "I'm still with you.  What's number two?"

"Ah", I intoned, "that one's more for both of us.  Your dressed the same, with
the exception that I'd like you to put your beautiful high heels back on and
remove your panties."  She nodded her head in agreement.  "Next I bind you so
that your arms are suspended over you, probably to that sprinkle system there in
the middle of the room.  I spread your legs apart to give me complete access to
your open orifices.  Then I'll do what comes natural, drive you into a frenzy as
many times as I can without letting you cum, that is.  I think that I will also
like to try fitting into your rear end, I've never done that before and I guess
this would be the time to try it.  But, I figure on finishing off in your love
canal, finally giving you the satisfaction that, by that time, I hope you are
dying for!"  I finished smugly.  I figured I had finally gotten into control.

She thought it over for a minute and said, "I think I can handle all that, in
fact I find myself strangely excited by your description.  Before we start
though is there anything else that your going to want to do when I'm all tied up
that you haven't told me now?  I mean is their anything you're leaving out that
you want in this fantasy."  She saw that I was unsure of what she was asking. 
"Think of everything you can put in to it, and tell me.  Heck, the worst I can
do is say no."

I thought it over, trying to think of anything that would heighten my arousal
that I had left out.  "Well", I started.  "If I could have anything, I guess I
would add a gag to your outfit and I would like to spank that gorgeous rear end
of yours.  Not too hard, I don't get off on pain, just a sting."  I thought some
more.  "The only other thing I could think to add would be nipple clips, but I
don't know where we would find them around here."

"Nipple clips", she asked reverently.  "What are they and what do they do?"

"They are things that you clip onto the tip of your nipples" I answered.  "I've
seen clothes pins used in magazines.  I never used them, but supposedly when
placed on the end of a woman's nipples they hit the pleasure / pain center." 
She took off her earrings and showed them to me.  They were of the clip-on type,
shaped like an upside down half moon and made of solid silver with five silver
balls suspended by silver chains below.  She handed one to me; it must have
weighed almost three ounces.  I tested the clip.  It was pretty strong; well it
had to be to hold these to her ears.  "Will my earring fit the bill", she asked
straight forwardly, "as you put it before."  I looked at her with renewed
interest.  She's right this was getting weird.  I had never told anyone about
any of this, yet along comes this pretty young woman out of the blue who seems
to walk hand in hand with my deepest darkest desires.  Not to mention the
resourcefulness she uses to fulfill those desires.

"Kathy", I started softly.  I knew I had to ask because my curiosity was
overriding the possibility of losing everything.  And to tell the truth there
was a part of me that still wanted this all to fall apart, but it had lost to my
lust awhile ago.  "Kathy", I cleared my throat and began again.  "I want this
'affair' to continue, but I have to ask this question.  Are you sure you really
want to go through with this?"

She sat down on the end of the bed and patted a place next to her, where she
obviously wanted me to sit.  I sat.  "I don't know what's going on with me", she
said softly.  She took my hands into hers.  "All I know is that from the point
you started talking about the types of clothing you would like me to wear in
your fantasies, that I began to feel this really strong sexual connection with
you.  I can't remember ever feeling like this before.  Even the bondage play,
which if someone had brought up to me yesterday I would have said was nuts, has
made me curious."  She squeezed my hands and lifted her eyes from my chest to
look me into my eyes.  "The bottom line", she continued, "is that I couldn't
leave right now even if I wanted to.  There is something in me that just have to
see what's behind that closed door.  Do you know what I mean?"

I returned the squeeze to her hands.  "Yes, I do", I replied.  "That's sound
allot like me.  I've always told people that 'I have to see what's over that
next hill'.  We just sat that way for a few minutes not wanting to break this
moment of kindred spirits meeting.

"O.K.", I said.  "Let's play.  This is the scene I am the master and you are my
willing slave.  You will address me as master at all times.  If you forget and
call me by my name or any other term of endearment, you will be punished.  If at
anytime during these scenes things get too much for you and you want out, you
must say 'Mercy Master'.  At that time I will stop completely and you can quit
or tell me to be more gentle or whatever.  If you say anything else like 'Stop
Master' or 'No more please Master', I will figure that your just playing your
part.  'Mercy' is the key phrase.  Do you understand."  Her eyes had widened as
I spoke so assuredly about these rules, but she shook her head in the
affirmative.  I smiled.  "You can relax, Kathy", I said with a soft laugh in my
voice.  "I read these rules in a magazine when I was a teenager and I've wanted
to use them ever since."

She sighed a little and said, "Thanks, for telling me, but its time to get in
character.  You play yours and I will play mine.  No more assurances or making
me feel comfortable.  You are the master, your every whim is my desire."  Kathy
said all this in a straightforward business like way.  She removed her hands
from mine and slid off the bed into a kneeling position at my feet.  "What is
that you wish me to do first master?"  She asked looking up into my eyes.

"First", I said, "I need to train you how a slave knells at her masters feet. 
You're not knelling to give a blowjob yet, woman.  You are showing obeisance to
your master.  You legs should be together, with you rear end resting on your
heels."  She shifted position compliantly.  Her lovely legs were now folded you
under her.  Maintaining this position with her high-heeled feet precariously
supporting her butt as they were would not be easy.  "Your hands should be
resting on your knees and your eyes should be down cast, looking at the floor,
never directly at your master."  Her hands moved quickly form her sides to her
knees, her back straightened self-consciously and her eyes looked intently at
the carpet in front of her.

"Perfect", I intoned.  "You may have the makings of a half way decent slave in
you after all".  I went to my suitcase and pulled out a small black box.  When
she heard the click and saw the flash of light, her head snapped up, her mouth
wide ready to speak, as she realized that I had taken her picture.  "No, No,
No", I said to the lady / slave.  "Don't say anything now.  I am the master and
it is part of my wish to take pictures of you as I put you through the paces." 
She lowered her head, returning her eyes to the carpet.  Her cheeks had flushed
red.  "Yes, master", she said tightly.  I moved around her to get a silhouette
shot, crouching to get the right angle.  Kathy looked positively regal from
here.  The toes of her black leather high heels were scrunched against the beige
carpet, pressed down by her tight little butt.  Her black skirt and ridden up
her legs to reveal the tantalizing tops of her powder blue stockings and
attendant garter belts.  Her straight back made the pleasing curve of her ample
breasts even more prominent.  Light blond hair framed her pretty face.  I
realized that I could spend the rest of the evening sitting here, just looking
at that one beautiful picture.  I snapped the picture.  I had to find out what
was over the next hill.

"Stand up... slave", I said with a hint of hesitation.  I would have to work on
that, I thought.  Kathy did so, straightening her skirt and smoothing her blouse
naturally.  Then she let her hands fall to her sides and drop her eyes to the
floor.  I snapped another picture.  "Take off your skirt and blouse", I ordered
her.  She began to kick off her high heels, obviously her normal way of getting
undressed.  "No slave", I told her, "leave the heels on for now.  I will tell
you when to remove them."  She paused.  Slid her stocking clad foot back into
the steeply arched heel and said softly, "Yes, master".  Standing before me, she
first undid the buttons on the cuffs of her shirt, then each of the buttons from
the top down.  She pulled the tail of the shirt out from under her skirt slowly
and sensuously.  Removing the silk blouse she dropped it onto the bed besides
her.  The skirt came off easily, dropping to her surround her feet until she
kicked it out of the way.  Kathy stood there shifting about from one foot to
another.  I saw her move to cover her scantily clad love mound with her hands,
then moved them away determinedly.  She was uncomfortable standing there in the
middle of the room, in her sexy undergarments, with me just staring at her.  I
let her go another minute, just walking around her and looking her up and down.

"You have a lovely body, my dear" I began.  "Worthy of your chosen roll.  Yes,
you will make a fine slave."  She relaxed as I began to speak and stopped
snapping pictures.  When I mentioned the word slave however I noticed her shiver
like an electrical current had run up her back.  She was beautiful.  The bustier
was there as promised.  Royal blue satin, which pushed up her breasts to show
off an amazing amount of cleavage and those beautiful white mounds.  It was the
mid-drift style that ended shortly below her chest, with a classy lace fringe. 
The garter belt was obviously part of the set, as it was the same color and
framed in lace.  The garters themselves were pulled upon tightly by their
respective stockings.  It was the royal blue lace panties that were the big
surprise.  They were the high cut type, that revealed a lot of her thighs and
her firm buttocks, but they were also crotchless!  Blond hairs from between her
legs, peaked out from the split in the fabric.  Looking upon this vision of
beauty all I could think to do was thank the gods for sending her to me.

I reached into her carry bag and pulled out her flats.  As I did so my fingers
touched something soft and filmy.  I pulled that out also.  "You have been
holding out on me", I said.  "This scarf would make a perfect gag or blindfold. 
I'll just have to see what I can make of this."  I put it aside on the nearby
bureau.  "You may now remove your high heels and put on your flats."  I dropped
her Sam & Libby's to the floor by her feet.  "I want you to remain standing,
while you do so and until I tell you otherwise.  Do you understand slave
Katherine?"

"Yes", she responded.  "I understand fully, master."  She stepped out of one
extremely high heel first and slipped her stocking toe into the appropriate
flat.  Balancing herself, with one heel arched five inches in the air and the
other foot trying to find its way into her flats was not easy, but she handled
the task admirably.  Wiggling and arching her foot she slid into the first shoe. 
Steeping out of the second black pump and sliding into the soft supple leather
of her flat was a breeze, compared to the first.

"Kneel here", I pointed to a place on the carpeted floor between the bed and the
waist high bureau.  "This time spread your knees and kneel upright."  Kathy
eased herself down into a kneeling position on the floor, wordlessly.  I walked
around behind her and took a chair from the desk provide with the hotel room. 
It was a standard four-legged chair, with a straight back.  I placed the chair
over her spread legs, with the seat of the chair touching her back.  "Spread
your legs further, so that you knees touch each of the front legs and your
ankles touch each of the back legs", I ordered her.  The lovely lady spread her
knees in compliance and attempted to touch the back legs with her ankles, but
her legs were just too short.  She did her best though, ending up with each foot
touching a rear leg.  Using one of the golden cords, I bound first one knee to a
front leg than the second.  I had wrapped the gold cord twice around the leg of
the chair and just above her knee, then looped the loose ends in between the
chair leg and her leg and tie it off.  This tightened her bounds into a figure
eight shape.  The gold satin bit into her soft pale blue stocking clad legs. 
Little by little the lady was definitely losing her freedom.  Next I wrapped the
gold braids around her powder blue sheathed ankle, binding it tightly to a left
rear leg.  I did the same for her right leg.  Finally I bound her wrists to
opposite posts that supported the chairs back, which pulled her arms tightly
behind her back.  This beautiful young lady wasn't going anywhere.

"You may talk freely now slave Katherine", I said.  "I would very much like to
hear from your own lips what you are feeling and thinking, as you kneel
helplessly bound before me."

"Thank you, master", she replied.  "I don't feel as frightened as I thought that
I would.  The ropes that you have binding me are tight, but not painful.  I am
stretched a little akwardly, with my legs spread and my arms bound to opposite
sides of the chair, but these flats let me use my feet to give me balance."  The
toes of each foot were pointed away from the chair, giving her the side of each
foot for leverage.  "Like you said master, I am helpless.  I been thinking about
it and I really don't think, short of screaming for help, that there is anyway
that I could get out of this position without your help."  She squirmed a
little.  I watched as each arm and leg tested its respective bonds. 
"Truthfully, master, I find it sort of exciting to be bound this way.  In fact
when you were finishing tying off my wrists, I had this hot flash course through
me and I could feel myself getting wet down between my legs.  It was a warm,
yummy feeling.  But, ... what I have mostly been thinking about is that bulge in
the front of your pants and what you intend to do with it.  Please master, I am
hot for you.  Come use you slave and fill your desires."  She said the last
sentences in a breathless and saucy manner, which made my blood, boil with
excitement.

I knelt down before her and began to fondle her breasts.  The soft satin fabric
of her bustier melded beautifully with her firm luscious mounds as my hands
kneaded them.  I found each of her nipples, which had quickly popped up into
existence, through the thin material.  I rolled each separately between my
thumbs and forefingers.  Kathy's eyes had closed and her head had arched
backwards. She was moaning softly as she tried to push her body forward, closer
to my pleasurable manipulations.  I began kissing the inside of her neck, which
she had graciously offered.  I worked my way upward, to nibble upon her ears. 
The lady / slave gave a gasp of pleasure at this attention to her ears, so I
marked them down in my memory as somewhere to return to.  Right now, I headed
for her lips.  For the first time, I touched those warm red lips with mine.  It
was as if an electrical current had been joined and did not want to let go.  Our
heads and bodies coursed from left to right, her tongue and mine wrapping around
one another and then retreating.  I kissed all around her mouth, sometimes
playing with just one lip or another.  While I did this I watched her reactions. 
Her whole body leaned towards me, trying to complete the teasing kisses I was
giving her.  The slave's hands had gripped the rope binding her wrists and were
pulling against them futility.  All this time I had continued to play with her
nipples.  With her at the height of this level of excitement, I squeezed down on
both nipples, pinching them and quickly letting loose.  Kathy's eyes popped open
and her body shivered from stem to stern.  "Ohhhhhhhhh", she moaned around my
half kisses.  Her eyes closed again, as she once again tested her bonds.  "Ohhh,
yes master", she said huskily.  "Please use me like that."  One more time, I
pinched her nipples.  This time I did not let go as quickly.  This time Kathy's
eyes remained closed as she arched her back, pushing her breasts into my hands. 
I let go.  "Ohhhhhhhh, yes", she groaned, with as smile, as she exhaled the
breath she had been holding.

I released her breasts and shifted over to her side.  I used both hands to rub
her left foot, feeling all of the delicious textures of the soft black leather
of her slipper like shoe and the soft satiny feel of her stockings.  The flats
molded themselves around her feet as I work my way up to her ankle.  I took my
time, massaging and caressing her captive flesh as I worked my way up her leg. 
I kneaded the calf muscles, easing any cramps that may have been caused by her
predicament.  When I reached her left knee, I shifted to her right leg and
repeated the process.  Her eyes remained closed, with a smile on her face, as
she moaned softly in happiness. 

Moving back in front of her, I began caressing the inside of her thighs.  My
hands traveled upwards from the cords binding her knees too nearly below her
lower lips and then downward again.  I ran my fingers lightly over the indented
soft flesh and the smooth satin cord, revealing in her bondage.  As I continued
this upwards and downwards motion her body pushed downward, obviously trying to
get me to touch and caress her love canal.  She bit her lower lip and pushed
forward her hips on my every upward trip.  Finally she sighed loudly and said,
"Please master, touch me there.  I need you there."  And then more forcefully
with her eyes opened, "I want you in me."

"Ahhhh, I can see you are ready now, slave", I smiled.  Standing, I looked into
her eyes.  She was so hot that she forgot to look down, but I didn't feel like
correcting her.  She had a much more pleasurable job to perform for me, just
now.  I moved closer and rubbed the soft fabric of the crotch of my pants
against her cheeks.  She responded immediately, by moving her head in and up and
down rubbing motion, kissing my pants around the bulge and then, as seconds
turned into minutes, in frustration... nipping at the material! 

Unbuckling my belt and lowering my zipper I let my pants fall down to around my
ankles.  Her eyes widened as my raging hard on popped upwards, as I removed my
shorts.  "Wow", she said.  "You want me to suck that off?"  I smiled.  "Do not
forget to append 'master' to your questions in the future", I reminded.  "Yes,
that is exactly what I expect of you, slave."  She continued to stare at my hard
on, but I had begun to caress the sides of her head below her ears with my
fingers and rub my rock hard cock against her cheeks.  Pre-cum juices began to
streak hers soft rosy cheeks.  She moaned softly as her excitement level was
brought back up to a fever pitch.  "But, your so... thick...master", she sighed. 
"How am I going to take all of that in?"  Yes, that was a good way to describe
my sex organ.  Not large, probably no more than six inches, but thick.  I would
say it was a tad wider than a silver dollar (not the Susan B. Anthony crap). 
"Ohh, I'm sure you will be able to manage slave Kathy", I replied with a
chuckle.

Kathy had already begun to kiss, up and down the sides of my inflamed meat.  A
sucking kiss right on the tip and then she worked her way down and around my
pole kissing and licking every inch of the way.  My cock throbbed and bobbed of
its own accord, like a loose firemen's hose attached to an active hydrant.  I
thought of holding my cock in place, but it was way to much fun to watch the
bound beauty darting her head and tongue this way and that to catch up to it.  I
continued to massage the area below her ears and behind her neck, she sighed and
moaned appreciatively. 

Kathy finally caught up to the head of my penis.  She held it in her open mouth,
as her tongue licked around and over the cap.  As her mouth closed on the sides
of my cock, I could feel her strong suction power.  This pulled her head
forwards and encased a good two inches of my manhood.  She slid backwards and
forwards, continuing to take in only the first two inches.  I moved my hands to
the back of her head, wrapping my fingers in her short blond hair.  Now it was
my turn to moan.  I watched, in rapt attention, as her obscenely spread pink
colored lips moved up and down my hardened rod.  The sides of her mouth had
closed in upon the sides of my cock, surrounding it while she sucked for all she
was worth.  The noises emanating from her efforts excited me to no end. Her
labored breathing through her nose.  Oh and those warm, slurppy, sucking sounds. 
Sounds of sucking a favorite ice pop... except oh so much more sensual.  I
moaned in ecstasy.

The slave had gotten herself into a comfortable rhythm of upward and downward
motions.  She thrust her head forwards on the downward plunges.  Her increased
efforts had finally achieved perfection as her nose began to bury itself in my
pubic hairs.  Looking behind her I noticed that she was tipping the whole chair
that she was bound to forward, to meet this goal.  Her bound wrists, pulling the
back of the chair forward and lifting her feet off the ground in the process.  I
could feel myself on the verge of coming.  My cock began to give little pre-cum
jumping jacks in her busy mouth.  Kathy obviously knew what this portended, as
she began to back me out of her mouth, with the intention of having me explode
outside of that warm orifice.  I watched her as she did this.  Eyes closed,
sucking strongly as she pulled backwards.

Until this point I had left her in complete control of her fate.  Now, I held
her head tightly in my strong hands and pushed my meat back into her mouth
roughly until it hit the back of her throat.  Her eyes popped open in surprise. 
I began to push her head forwards and backwards once again.  Just as my jism
erupted, I forced her to totally deep throat my entire cock.  With rough pubic
hair ground against her nose and lips, she gagged at first, as shot after shot
of hot cum hit the back of her throat and was pumped into her stomach.  After
the initial shock, which had caused tears to form in the corners of her eyes,
she took to the job at hand like a champion.  She sucked and drank down my
entire load!  As she finished and my excitement ebbed, I let go of her head. 
Kathy backed her mouth off of my manhood.  She looked up at my satisfied
features and then back down at my still hard cock.  A drop of white after cum
glistened in its one eye.  Leaning forward she gave the head a luscious kiss and
licked the goo away.  Again she looked up at me and smiled.

I smiled back, pulled up my pants and sat down on the bed.  I opened the
mini-bar and popped open a beer.  I took a sip and then held it to her lips so
that she could have a drink also.  "You have been very pleasing, slave Kathy", I
informed the lovely lady.  "I have truly been amazed at your oral prowess." 
Kathy drank the beer thirstily, than looked to me and smiled again.  "That was
the most fulfilling head that I have ever given", she stated.  "I have had
plenty of oral sex before, but I've never really cared for it.  You know how it
is, it's made out by everyone to be something dirty, so I always felt if I'm
doing it I must be ...we'll dirty.  But doing it like that master...."  She
paused.  Her voice had change in timber to one of unbelief or adoration.  "Doing
it while I was bound released me from those feelings.  I'm at your mercy and
could not stop you from doing whatever you wanted with me, so any guilt I would
have had flew from me.  I was doing it because that's what was expected...no
demanded of me!"  Stopping, she looked off into the distance reminiscing.  "Even
when you forced me to swallow your cum, at first I was rejected by the thought,
but then that release....  that freedom I felt from being bound and helpless,
let me accept it, even enjoy it.  It was just amazing, master."

As she spoke I had been busy, removing the cords from her wrists and knees.  The
lady was rubbing the white indentations made by the cords on her wrists as I
finished untying her ankles.  "I am very glad you feel that way, my most
beautiful slave", I told her.  "Because, there is more to be experienced, for
the both of us, before the night is over."  Released from her bondage, Kathy sat
herself on the chair to which she had been bound and began to smooth out and
tighten her powder blue stockings.  She bent over and worked them upward from
her ankles to her thighs, sexily correcting them upon her shapely legs.  Next
she stood and looking into the nearby mirror, first smoothed and straightened
her bustier and then ran her fingers through her hair.  "Master", she said as
she finished.  "I feel ready for anything."  She flashed me a bright smile. 
"What is your next desire, oh exalted master."

I stood and stepped towards her.  Quickly, I picked Kathy up with one arm under
her knees and the other behind her back.  Carrying her the short distance to the
bed I laid her gently upon it.  "I think it's time for a short intermission", I
stated softly as I lay down besides her and began a sensuous kiss.  The kiss
lasted a long time as each or our questing hands found and caressed tender spots
on the other.  Each time I lightly brushed my fingers over the hair poking out
from her split crotch panties, she groaned loudly and pushed her hips upwards. 
We rolled from one part of the bed to the other, first me on top and then her. 
Either way, whenever my rod and her love mound came into contact we dry humped
each other frantically.  As she began to realize that I wasn't going to help her
to the orgasm she now so desperately desired, she moved her own hands down to
glistening love canal.

"Ohh, no, no, no slave", I said as I grabbed both of her petite hands in one of
my own.  "You have much to discover before I will let you cum."  Picking up one
of the gold braid cords I wound it around her X crossed wrists, binding them
tightly together.  I left a good three to four feet of loose rope hanging from
her bound wrists.  Standing, I pulled her upward off the bed using the rope to
led / help her. 

Kathy stood there pouting, like a little child.  Her diminutive stature and
flat-soled shoes only made the comparison stronger.  "Quit with this long face,
slave, you will eventually get what you want", I informed her.  She looked up at
me, this time imploringly, "Pleaaaaase, master".  I faced her sternly, "No. Not
until I want you to."  Her eyes went to the floor and as she resumed her
pouting.

"Hold you hands, up over your head", I ordered her.  She complied, but a little
more slowly than her earlier performance.  Obviously Kathy was trying to show
her displeasure at my refusal to let her orgasm.  I took the loose end of the
cord from her wrists and passed it through the sprinkler systems protective "O"
ring cover.  I yanked on it to make sure it could hold my weight.  Then I pulled
on the gold cord until Kathy arms were stretched tightly over her head.  I took
the loose end, which now hung from the ceiling, and guided it to her hands. 
"Hold this rope, until I am finished securing you ankles."  She took the rope,
as instructed, but seemed a little peeved that I would make her hold herself up
in this suspended position.  I moved her high heels next to her, with the toe of
my shoe.  "Time to regain your lost height, darling slave", I smiled.

Kathy removed the soft leather flats and uprighted the first of the high heels. 
She placed her stocking covered toes into the shoe almost at the heel and then
slid them forward down the steeply arched slope, until her foot was firmly
seated in the five inch high heel.  There was something pleasantly erotic about
watching a woman arch her foot so steeply so as to be able to wear these
extremely high heels.  It was almost like a submission to a man's will all on
it's own.  As she finished with the second shoe, I knelt down to bind her
ankles.  Each ankle was bound separately; one tied to a leg of the bureau and
the other to a leg of the bed.  I had spread her legs in the process so her feet
were about two and a half feet apart.  Next I took the loose end of her wrist
suspension cord from her.  I pulled upon it, hoisting her higher towards the
ceiling.  I stopped when I saw her stiletto heels leave the carpet.  Then I tied
the rope off above her hands.  Now all of her weight was resting on her wrists
and the toes of her highly arched feet.

"Now, my dear slave", I said.  "It is time to indoctrinate you in the use of
nipple clamps."  I picked up one of her silver earrings and opened the fastener. 
With my finger I then pushed it closed.  Metal snapped against metal with a
satisfying clink.  "You see dear Kathy, a less astute individual might take this
clip and attach it, oh anywhere... like here for instance."  I pinched the top
of one of her milky white mounds with one hand to provide enough flesh for the
earring to clip onto, then closed the clasp.  "Ouuuww", she winced, looking down
towards the source of her discomfort.  The silver earring lay atop of her left
breast, pinching the tender skin.  Quickly the initial pain subsided and she
looked up at me.  "Of course the more knowledge individual places the clip
directly on the tip of the nipple...."  I pulled the clip swiftly off of her
breast, leaving behind an angry white mark.  Kathy gasped, "Oooooowwwwww, that
stings!".  I pushed the lace push-up cup of her bustier down below her nipples,
so the half of her tit was in the cup and half out.  As I rolled her nipple
between my thumb and forefinger, I informed her, "Oh, as a note of interest.  It
hurts more when the clip is removed then when it is put on."  From the look she
gave me I could tell that she had already found this truth self-evident.

Once her nipple had sufficiently hardened, I brought the opened earring over
towards the tender pink flesh.  The slave watched my hand, mesmerized, as the
painful pincher moved ever closer.  At the proper moment I flipped the clasp
with my thumb and it closed tightly on the tender tip of her nipple. 
"OOOOOWWWWW", she cried loudly as her eyes closed tightly against the pain. 
"Not so loud, slave Kathy", I told her we don't want to wake up the neighbors." 
I let the half-moon and silver balls dangle freely.  She was swaying her body
from side to side till the pressure lessened or at least she got used to it. 
This swaying motion though, made the weights of the silver moon and balls sway
also, which in turn twisted her tormented nipple.  Her eyes popped open as she
looked down at her chest to find out where this new pain was coming from.  As
she centered all of her attention on her left breasts, I moved in quickly,
pulled out her right breast, pinched the nipple and then clamped it with the
second earring.  "OOOOUUUCCCHHH", she called out, again to loudly for my taste.

"You realize that you can quit any time you want", I reminded her, "Don't you my
most beautiful slave girl?"  She looked up at me.  Kathy was trying to hold her
body perfectly rigid so that the earrings would not jiggle and torment her
further.  To emphasize my words, I gave each of the half moons a push, send them
into a rocking motion.  "OOOHHHH, no please master stop".  I rocked them yet
again.  She pulled at her bonds and pleaded again, "Ohhh, please master make the
pain stop."  I looked at her face.  Her eyes were once again closed and her head
was arched backwards.  I also noticed that she had not asked for 'mercy', which
would have signified and end to this game.  For that I decided to reward her.  I
bent over and kissed, licked and sucked the area around her cruelly nipped nips. 
At the same time I ran my hands up her widely stretched thighs and over her soft
love mound.  In fact I took my time around her vagina, pushing the blue lacey
crotchless panties to either side, in order to gain clearer access.  "Ohhhh yes,
master", she moaned.  Her body shivered in delight and anticipation, which again
caused the earnings to swing.  "OOHHhhh, OOOHHhhh", she exclaimed.  "Wow,
master.  When you rub me like that and with my nipples being twisted and pinched
it sends something like an electric shock right down into the heart of my sex! 
Wow, I never felt anything like this before", she finished breathlessly.  I slid
two of my fingers gently into her warm interior and began to play with her most
tender spot.  "Yes, yes.... OOOOHHHhhhh, yes", she called out loudly.

I discontinued my caresses and walked over to the bureau.  "You are being much
too noisy my dear", I informed her.  "I think we would both prefer not to have
the management knocking on the door."

Kathy was rolling her hips in circles, trying to continue the stimulation that
would finally let her orgasm.  "I am sorry, master", she said softly.  Her eyes
were closed once more as she tried desperately to regain the prior excitement
level.  "It's just that I can't help myself."

"I understand, dear slave", I said smoothly.  "That is why I have prepared this
gag".  Her eyes opened and she looked upon what had become of her scarf.  I had
taken her red paisley scarf and placed one of my tightly rolled handkerchiefs in
the center.  I next wrapped the scraf around the kerchief, forming a ball like
gag of material in its center.  Finally I knotted the scarf at each side of the
ball like bulge.  I was not sure if this would be as effective as the ball gags
I had seen in magazines, but it looked about the same size.  "Please open wide
my dear", I ordered her, "So that we can rectify the noise level problem." 
Kathy looked at me searchingly, perhaps even with a tinge of worry.  I could see
by the one look that she understood that once she excepted this gag, she had
absolutely no way to get herself out of this situation.  Up until now, even
though it would have been embarrassing, she knew she could always scream for
help.  Whatever she saw in my eyes must have satisfied her, for she shrugged her
shoulders, and did as requested.  The wad of material was larger than I had
thought and I ended up having to use to fingers two push it into her mouth.  I
lifted her short blond hair away from her neck and tied the gag tightly in
place.  The lovely slaves pink painted lips were spread widely around the red
paisley ball type gag in her mouth.  Kathy munched on the wadding a first to try
and find a comfortable position, but she soon gave up as the material popped
back into shape.  Regardless, the edges of her mouth were stretched backwards by
the knots I had put in the material.

I walked behind her and picked up my camera.  As I moved around her clicking
pictures, I explained, "New rules slave Kathy.  Obviously you can no longer cry
out the key word of mercy to halt the scene in progress, therefore you will hold
onto this gold pen of mine."  I placed the pen in her hand, which she grasped
tightly.  "If anything going forward gets to tense for you, drop the pen and I
will whatever I am doing."  The bound and gagged lady nodded her acceptance, and
her whole body seemed to relax a little. 

"Now back to the game at hand", I said as I walked around behind her.  I removed
something from my suitcase, but bound as she was she could not see it.  I
slipped it under my arm holding it against my body as I placed both hands on her
firm bottom.  I caressed those soft milky white cheeks, reveling in their
perfect shape.  My hands traveled over the lacey panties that barely covered her
glorious posterior and then down between her legs.  Once again she began to push
her sex towards my tender caressing hands.  Her hips regained their gyrating
motion and her eyes closed as she sucked in the wonderful feelings. 
"Uuuuummmmmmm", she moaned softly through her gag.  The sound she emitted was
well muffled, but I felt it was time to really try out her improvised gag.  I
stepped back from her, removed the thin bamboo cane from under my arm, and
slashed her twice, in quick succession, across her buttocks. 
"Aaaaaarrrrrrggggghhhhhh", she screamed.  Of course what came through the gag
was only a shadow of the cry she must have tried to make.  Her eyes had popped
open, and her whole body had bowed forward.  I could hear the silver bells on
her nipples striking each other, so I knew that her butt was not the only thing
being tormented.

I looked up to her hand, where she had fumbled with the pen during the initial
impact but then brought it back under control.  "Thank you, my dear", I told
her.  "Before we went any further with your training, I had to be sure that your
gag was worthy of its name.  I think that we can safely say that it will do what
it was intended to do."  I walked around her bound form, allowing her to look at
the latest source of discomfort.  It really was an innocent looking item.  A
simple shoe horn attached to an eighteen inch bamboo shaft, in order to allow
the person putting on their shoes the luxury of standing when doing so. 

"The way that I understand the slave / master ritual", I told her, "is that it
seems to be very important for the slave to receive an initial whipping from her
master.  This seems to be the consummation of the S&M relationship, even more so
than the actual intercourse which follows."  Her pretty ass cheeks now sported
angry pink lines, defining my previous assault.  "Your still holding on to my
pen", I pointed out the obvious to her.  "Do you wish to quit?"  Kathy looked at
me.  Her beautiful face framed by her light blond hair.  Her body bound into an
impersonation of the large letter 'A'; complete with weighted earnings dangling
from the tips of her tormented nipples and the toes of her feet crammed into
super high heels which barely touched the floor.  She must realize by now, I
thought to myself, that each time I see that see has achieved a level of comfort
in her current predicament that I will add a new tormenting variable.  Right up
until the time I let her ... Kathy nodded her head negatively.  "Then you wish
to proceed", I asked for total clarification.  The lady waggled the pen in her
hand, as if she were waving a flag.

"Very well dear slave", I responded.  Reaching above her I loosened rope above
her head to allow for a bit more slack.  "Please lean your body forwards so that
your rear end sticks out as much as possible."  She did her best to achieve my
request, by bending forward at the waist.  The rope holding her arms above her
head, despite the additional slack gave her only a tiny bit of working room. 
However, her arched body, did, in effect, make her butt stick out.  I walked
around her tracing the lines of her body with the tip the bamboo wand.  Her body
shivered as she felt the shellacked rod sliding over the tops of her stockings
and nudge at her garter belt straps.  I flicked each of her nipple clips lightly
making her gasp through her gag.  I traced my way down her well-formed breast
and over her firm waist until I reached that aching spot between her legs.  I
rubbed the hard shaft through her blond pubic hairs and slid it between her
tender lips.  I pulled and pushed the rod forward and backwards, exciting her
more and more.  Her body responded instantly, by trying to hump the bamboo cane. 
She moaned happily and her eyes once again closed in sexual satisfaction. 

I almost laughed as I thought to myself, that what I could really use now was
the 'Jaws' theme music.  Like in the movie 'Jaws' when things have been quiet
for a while, the music would start, getting you ready for the next attack to
come.  As the slave moaned again, I quickly reversed my hold on the shoehorn and
snapped the shinny metal horn right up between her legs.  Once, twice then three
times I slapped her in that most tender of spots.  "YYYEEEEOOOWWW", she screamed
through her gag.  This time I could hear it plainly, but not loudly through her
mouth filling scarf gag.  Her body stiffened and her crotch pulled as far away
from me as it could.  I slipped around behind her and started raining measured
blows against her well-exposed rump.  Her thighs, her cheeks even the inside of
her thighs became my target.  The strokes were slow and deliberate.  After her
initial shock, at having her vagina stung so unexpectedly, she worked right into
the pattern.  With each stroke pushing her hips forward as if of their own
accord, she pushed them right back out towards her tormentor and was ready for
the next.  Kathy's constant loud intakes of breath through her nose and muffled
moans and cries filled the air. 

I stopped after a couple of dozen strokes.  She again pushed her ass outward to
receive more of my "loving" ministrations.  Her firm little buttocks shivered of
their own accord, awaiting the next blow.  She was holding that lovely butt of
hers outwards with pure guts, because I could see that her body was weakening. 
Kathy was hanging heavily against her bound wrists and her breathing was heavy
and labored.  Her hand was almost white as it tightly gripped the gold pen,
refusing to drop the symbol of her submission.

I dropped the cane on the bed and softly rubbed her violated rear.  While I was
back there I took a quick picture, of the pink weals on her rump.  Lastly, I
removed her gag and took the pen from her tired fingers.  I went around to her
front.  I ran my fingers through her hair straightening it and enjoying the feel
of my fingers running through it.  I bought my lips to her and kissed her a long
and loving kiss.  Molding my body to hers I continued to kiss and caress her. 
My questing hands searched out the nipple clips, pulling them off gently, one at
a time.  Kathy winced and sighed each time, but continued our impassioned kiss. 
The tip of my fingers gently caressed her very tender nipples.  "Ooooohhhhh, yes
master", she moaned as I moved my lips down to her breasts.  I kissed and licked
the area of her prior torment, watching as the deep indentations left by the
earrings began to fade.  Continuing my way down her luscious body, I ended
kneeling directly in front of her pussy.  I put my hands on her buttocks and
pulled her to me.  Her wide spread legs offered me perfect egress.  I kissed and
licked my way deep into her clit.  Then when I had found that hard little spot,
right at the center, I licked here hidden mound wildly.  "Ooooooohhhhh, yes,
yes.  Please master eat me", she cried out.  Her hips bucked into my mouth; soon
I could taste her pre-orgasm fluids.  I stopped eating her and started removing
the bonds from her ankles.  "Oh, please master", she bemoaned her fate.  "Not
again, please let me cum.  PLEASE!"

I finished removing the cords from her ankles and stood up.  "I told you that I
want to make love to you slave Kathy", I reminded.  "And I am afraid that I am
to tall and you to short for us to be able to commit that act while you are
bound."  As I finished speaking, I also completed uniting her wrists.  I picked
her up once more and carried her back to the bed.  Lying her down softly, I
ordered, "Rollover onto your hands and knees, I wish to take you from behind". 
She did as instructed, kneeling like a dog and sticking her rear end out for me. 
Removing my pants I knelt down behind her on the bed.  First I slipped three of
my fingers into her sex and stroked her with a soft piston-like motion.  Once
they were well coated with her juices, I began to use them to pry at her tight
little ass hole.  At the same time I entered her with my restored hard on. 
"Ohhhh, yes", she moaned delightedly.  "That beautifully thick cock of yours
feels so good in me.  Hhhhmmmm, please don't stop master."  I kept up a slow,
but constant pace of inward and outward strokes with my hardened meat,
attempting to keep her on the edge of orgasm for as long as possible.  "Ouch",
she cried softly, as I managed to get all three of my fingers into her ass hole. 
Ah, She was ready!

I removed my rock hard rod from her cunt and pushed at the doors to her brown
dirt trail.  "Ohhh no, master, you'll rip me apart!" she cried in fear.  But her
actions, once again, belied her words.  Kathy put her face down into the pillow
and used both hands to pull her ass cheeks apart to give me better access.  Her
efforts had spread the split of her royal blue panties even wider, giving me a
beautiful view of her milky white crack and her puckered brown opening.  I held
my cock with one hand, leaving about two inches free at the top and then pushed
forwards.  At first all my thrust did was push her ass forwards without
penetrating.  Then, as if in slow motion, my rod head began to push aside her
restraining walls.  "Oooohhhhhh my lord", she moaned, somewhere in that in
between pleasure and pain state.  Once my entire head was encased in her rear
entrance, I thrust forward once again, until two thirds of my staff were buried. 
"Oooohhhh master", she moaned, "You really are ripping me apart.  I can feel you
rearranging my insides."  Rather than try to push my entire cock in, I started a
rhythmic in and out motion.  The walls of her ass gripped my meat like a vice. 
It was really an interesting feeling.  With my pre-cum helping to lubricate the
way, her rear opening provided me with an incredibly tight fit and these sexy
suction like sounds at every stroke. 

Kathy had removed her hands from her rear end, and moved them to her lower
mouth.  She was in the process of bring herself to climax, when I brushed her
hands away.  Removing my cock from her ass hole, I plunged it directly into her
waiting sex organ.  The lovely slave was back up on her hands and knees
instantly, bucking her hips backward to meet my forward strokes.  Wildly she
impaled her womanhood on my rod like shaft.  "Ohhhh, Ohhhh, OHHHH, OOOOHHHHH",
she cried in frenzied success as she finally came to orgasm.  She shook her head
vigorously and called, "DON'T STOP, MASTER".  Disregarding her plea, I continued
because I was hotter than a lit match and well on my way to cumming.  When I was
done then I would quit.  I changed the pitch of my strokes to a shallower depth,
knowing that each time my cock head rubbed up against her G-Spot it would drive
her crazy.  "Ohhhh, Ohhh, yes, yes.... YES", she cried as she came again.  Now I
resumed my deep plunges.  Her tired body did it's best to meet my lunges.  I
could feel myself a the brink of coming, so I bent forward reaching with my
hands for her chest.  My questing fingers found both of her nipples and with
each surge of my hips forward I pinched them.  "Oooowww", she moaned in pain. 
Then shortly afterwards, "Ohhh, Ohhhh, OOOHHHHH, YES, YES ,YES!!!!".  We
exploded together in a final wonderful delicious relief.  I continued to rock,
backwards and forwards, within her beautiful sex organ, until I finished pumping
my cum into her.

Withdrawing from her I lay down besides her.  Kathy rolled over and we both just
looked up to the ceiling and breathing heavily.  We lay quietly together for
quite a while, trying vainly to regain our spent vigor.  "I never knew that sex
could be like that", she said thoughtfully.  "I've had a number of sexual
experiences, but nothing even close to what we just achieved.  That is the first
time in my life that I have ever had a multiple orgasm and there is simply
nothing that can compare to that."  She looked over at me, and solemnly asked,
"You will keep me as your slave, won't you?"

I was flabbergasted.  "What do you mean, keep you?", I asked surprised that my
addled brain could even get that out.  "I was pleasing, wasn't I", she
persisted.  "Didn't I just earn the right to be your slave, you know the
initiation and everything?"  My mind was awhirl with the implications of what
was saying.  "Kathy, please tell me your not some wacko whose going to stalk me
and ruin my life", I asked softly.  Her face lit up into a smile.  "No of course
not, you silly master", she laughed.  "I just want to continue this
relationship... as your slave."  I looked at her questioningly, "And how do you
intend that we do that?  I travel quite a bit, but I doubt that I will be back
here for quite some time.  So how do you figure we can make this anything more
than this lovely one night tryst?  Kathy laughed again, that infectious laugh of
her that made you just feel warm inside.  Right now though I was more than a
little scared that I had gotten myself into one of those 'Fatal Attraction' type
of positions.  "We talked all about you and your family last night", she
reminded me.  My heart grew frightened at the mention of my family.  "It sounds
to me like you have a beautiful family and I would never do anything to hurt
them."  I breathed an internal sigh of relief.  "We did not, however, talk about
my job.  I, my dear master, am a customer relation's supervisor for American
Airlines.  I fly all over the world, reviewing our services at different
airports, and with only a few exceptions I can plan to be at any major airport
whenever I want.  Unscheduled visits to airports are the best way to find out if
they are really doing their jobs or not".  I absorbed all of this new
information and started to understand where she was going with this.  "I see", I
told her, "we can meet at different cities, where ever I happen to be sent." 
Thinking a little further, I continued, "But, how are we going to keep in touch. 
I don't want you calling me at home or work and I don't really want to have any
phone bills with you number attached to them, so what can we do about that." 
She smiled and pointed to my laptop computer on the nearby desk.  "We use one of
the internet services, like America Online", she answered.  "I have used them
before and as long as you don't save the messages to your hard drive they can
never be found.  Will keep the messages short, you, with when and where you will
be in the next few weeks / months and me to tell you that I will be there or
not.  Leave me a hotel name and I will either get a room there or leave a
message for you on the voice mail in your room."  I looked at her amazed.  "How
in the world did you come up with such a detailed plan so quickly", I asked. 
"How did you come up with our plans for the evening so quickly", she responded
with a wink.  "Touche", I said.

"O.K.", I said. "What else do we need to setup in order to make this work." 
Kathy was quiet for a few moments and then she exclaimed, "We need handles for
the online services.  I'll be 'SKATHY' for slave Kathy, but if any one asks me I
will just tell them it's for simply Kathy."  I thought it through and then
added, "That's great.  My handle will be 'MMIKE' for Master Mike.  If my wife
asks what the second M is for I'll tell her that someone else had already used
Mike and also Mr. Mike, which was supposedly my second idea, so MMIKE it was."

"Good now that we have that settled", she said softly and suggestively, "what
about tomorrow night."  I smiled, yes I wouldn't be leaving till the day after
tomorrow.  I had told her that down in the bar.  "What would you like to know
about tomorrow night, slave?", I asked slyly.  We smiled conspiratorially at
each other.  "Well, I was wondering if you would like to expand your little
harem?", she asked with an easy lilt to her voice.

"What", I asked incredulously.  "It's just that I have this girl friend Tara",
she began to explain, "who is living down here at the moment.  In fact it's her
house that I am staying while I'm down here.  She was the one who got me to go
the hotel bar to help get over... what's his name."  The words tumbled out of
her mouth.  While she took a breath, I asked, "What does she have to do with
anything?"  I was totally lost at the moment.  "You see", she continued, "she's
my best friend in the world.  We've shared just about everything there is to
share with each other, if you take my meaning."  I looked at her thoughtfully. 
"I think I get your drift", I answered.  "But, why don't you just spell it out
for me."  Kathy looked back up at the ceiling.  "You see neither of us is ready
to settle down yet, and great sex, with nice clean guys is all that we were
looking for.  We started out by swapping boyfriends with each other, after we
had tired of them.  That is to say when I got tired of say Bruce I would tell
him about Tara and when she tired of Hank she would tell him about me.  Then
there was that one time when we both wanted Gary.  Instead of fighting over him
we just shared him together.  That's when we found out, at Gary's request, that
we could also pleasure each other.  So you see we share everything and I really,
really think she would love you and your domination."  She paused for a minute,
looked up at me and asked, "Would it be O.K. if we included Tara in our games
tomorrow?"

I didn't respond immediately, deciding to think through all of the possible
downfalls to this new situation.  Kathy walked over to the bureau where her
purse was and brought it back over to the bed.  She opened it and took out some
pictures.  "Maybe this will help you make up your mind", she said softly as she
handed me a picture of a stunning brunette in a string bikini.  "That is Tara",
she said.  I looked at the picture once more and asked, "And what time will you
and you friend be picking me up, slave?"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  White Knight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





