BDSM Library - The Test




The Test
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Without her prior knowledge, the sub female is sent out to serve others.
THE TEST (bdsm)
part one

    She awoke to a shaft of sunlight hitting her face. It came from a space
below a window blind that was not quite closed all the way. Save for that slim
shaft of light the room was quite dark. Her neck was encircled with a black
leather collar, and a short length of chain anchored the collar to a metal
headboard behind her.

    Her wrists were similarly encircled, and were locked to the collar, beneath
her chin. Despite the limited movement this allowed, she was able to roll away
from the aggravating beam of light, and to take stock of her situation.

    She had been rudely awakened the night before and dragged from her bed. When
she saw that it was her Master's hands upon her, she suppressed the instinct to
fight and lowered her head, leaning against him, standing naked in the middle of
the room.

    " Nice," she heard a strange male voice say, " very nice".  A quick sidelong
glance told her that the voice came from one of a trio of men who were strangers
to her; long haired, darkly dressed men. She began to tremble.

    " You are to go with these men, little one" said her Master. "Do exactly as
they say".

    " But, Master, I, I," she stuttered.

    " Enough!" he bellowed. He was placing a cape around her trembling shoulders
as he told her,

    " You will go. This is a test my sweet. A test that I have set up for you. A
chance for you to prove your submission to me, by going with these men and
following their every direction. It is my desire that you do this, please
understand that little one."

    With that, the restraints that she now wore were placed upon her, and she
was led, sobbing, to a waiting car, her naked legs flashing through the gap in
the cape. She was blindfolded and told to not speak. She was forced to swallow a
small pill, and she soon drifted off into a drugged sleep.

    She was snapped back to the present by the bedroom door opening.

    " Good morning, slut " said the tall man. " That will be your name while you
are with us. Slut. Do you understand, slut?"

    She nodded dumbly.

    " Excellent. You are here at your Master's bidding. He wants you to learn to
take a stranger's cock, slut. To open your holes to a male cock, any male that
finds you attractive. To take any cock, without hesitation, and to do it with
the abandon of the true slut, which you are."

    She flashed back to the night about a week ago, when Master had ordered her
to fuck one of his friends, who had just witnessed one of her discipline
sessions. She had frozen up, having never taken another man besides Master, and
a boyfriend a million years ago. She had tightened up, and the man practically
had to rape her. Master was very displeased, and he beat her brutally that
night.

    She was given some time in the bathroom, accompanied by the tall man, then
led out of the bathroom by a leash attached to her collar. In the living room,
she saw dark man and short man. Short man was holding a long leather strap, and
he was smiling at her.

    " Lay down here, on your back" short man said, indicating a wide table.

    She was positioned with her ass cheeks hanging off the end, and her legs
were pulled back, with her knees crushing her breasts. She was tied in position,
completely exposing her asshole and her shaven sex. She was gagged

    The thought of being beaten by this man without the benefit of a safeword
was terrifying. She just hoped that she could  get through it.

    The first lash caught her on the fleshy part of her ass, as did the next
few. As he warmed her ass with the strap, she began to moan and squirm within
her bonds. The lash moved to the fleshy thickness on the insides of her thighs,
from the knee to just inches from her cunt. Back and forth, left leg, right leg,
back to her ass.

    Her cunt began to leak and she strained against her bonds, trying to move
her gasping cunt into the line of fire. She desperately needed relief, but the
short man was skilled with the strap, and relief did not come. Only a burning
crescendo of fire that was forcing juice from her cunt, running down the crack
of her ass and pooling on the table.

    The whipping stopped. She was grunting now, and low gutteral noises escaped
past the gag. Her eyes were rolling back into her head. The men were naked now.

    " Are you ready to fuck, slut?" said short man.

    She could only grunt, a series of  strained grunts.

    "Remove her gag and untie her" ordered short man.

    "Fuck me, yes fuck me , please" she screamed.

    Short man slid his hard cock into her, she was on fire. She came
immediately, in a frenzied thrashing.

    " Please" she moaned.

    Short man held on to her welted ass cheeks and squeezed, squirting into her.

    Tall man was next, popping his long cock into her, smiling as she bucked,
sucking his long cock with her cunt.

    Dark man's massive tool went next. She had calmed enough now to take his
cock in long even strokes.  When he pulled out of her cunt and let it slide down
to her asshole, she just reached down and spread her asscheeks, moaning loudly
as he slid in past her sphincter.  After his brutal game of fuck, he pulled out
and watched his cum ooze out of her gaping asshole.

    Her wrists were again attached to her collar, but they left her to lay on
her back.

    " This is your breaktime slut" said short man, "then we start again". 
Inwardly she smiled.  I can pass this test, she thought. Master will be pleased.




    THE TEST      part 2      


    She lay there with  cum oozing from her holes. Her welted,  blistered ass
and thighs were now taking on a very uncomfortable,  burning itch from the
perspiration and cum puddled beneath her.

    She was exhausted. She could go to sleep and sleep for days, she  thought.
Sleep, however, was not part of the plan.

    " Up on your knees, slut," said short man.  She found herself too weak to
obey. Dark man stepped over to her, pulled  her up into a sitting posture, then
helped  get her into the position  they wanted her in. Knees spread wide to the
corners of the low table,  tied in place, the body of the table behind her. She
would have toppled  forward to the floor but for dark man's steadying hands. Her
wrists were  unfastened from the collar and her arms raised above her head.

    " Sit up straight, slut" ordered dark man.

    She felt and heard her collared wrists being attached to a dangling  chain.
Dark man's assistance was no longer required. She knelt there,  completely at
their mercy, her cunt gaping obscenely, her tits thrust  out. The drying cum on
her cuntlips and thighs was beginning to burn and  itch almost unbearably now,
and she started to squirm. Short man began  to speak.

    " You will take a lot of cum from a lot of cocks while you are with  us,
slut. Prior to each fuck session you will be beaten. Two reasons.  One, we enjoy
it. Two, it ensures unhesitating compliance. I know you  would comply anyway,
without the beatings, but I have found this to be  the most effective method to
ensure compliance in the future. And that  is why you are here. DO YOU
UNDERSTAND, SLUT? "

    She was terrified. She found herself nodding her head. She thought  that she
had already been tested and that she had passed. She had  complied with
everything, and now she was to be beaten. She had actually  enjoyed the first
scene, but now she was frightened. What more could she  do to please these men
than she had already done ?

    Tall man was now in front of her. He slapped her left tit hard, with  his
hand. She gasped. The right tit now, even harder. He had a small  elastic band
that he forced open with his fingers, and he worked it over  her reddened left
tit, worked it right up to her chest. Then the right  tit. Her tits bulged out
like they might explode. The pressure was  unbelievable. She began to wail
softly, an involuntary noise from deep  within.

    " Gag her " said short man, and the gag was placed.

    He stood in front of her and showed her the short leather flogger  that he
held. Her eyes bulged and he smiled at her.

    " Ready, slut ?"

    The first blow caught her full across the side of the left tit. She 
screamed behind the gag. The second blow across the side of the right.  Blows to
the tops of her tits. He changed position and swung up from  below, catching the
soft bottoms. Her tits danced wildly in time to the  beat of the flogger. At her
side now, he flogged her left armpit, and  worked his way down her side to the
hip. Then the other side.

    She was hysterical now, the chain above her head snapping taut at  every
blow. The relentless beating continued. From her tits to the top  of her cunt he
worked her, then the fronts of her thighs. Around behind  her now, he slapped
the backs of her calves, up the backs of her thighs,  down to the bottoms of her
feet.  Her blistered ass was not spared as he moved up to her back.

    She began to float, moving into dreamlike sub-space, letting the  pain go,
letting it take her. Short man continued flogging up her back  to the top of her
neck. Darkman and tallman now moved in front of her  and slapped her tits, back
and forth.    They moved aside as short man came around the front and slapped
the  flogger into her gaping cunt. Once, twice, three times. She screamed,  and
as she screamed she orgasmed, a gut wrenching cum that came from the  depths of
her being.    Dark man lay down on the table under her, his greased cock rock
hard.  Slack was put in the chain, and he lowered her asshole down to meet it. 
As her ass was expanding to slowly take him in, tall man stood between  his legs
and thrust into her gaping cunt hole. She came again, her body  clenching the
cocks, spasming, relaxing to take them deeper, and  clenching them again.. They
began to fuck her now. Short man reached  over and cut the elastic bands off of
her tits, and she screamed as the  blood rushed back into them.

    The two men were very excited, and fucked her like they were  posessed,
until they shot their cum into her, first one, then the other.


    She was taken down, untied and ungagged. Short man snapped her wrists  to
her collar and layed her on her back, her head bent backwards over  the table
edge.

    " You will suck us off later, slut. This is a  fuck. Open your  mouth."

  She opened her mouth. He slid his cock into her mouth, down to her  throat,
then back. She almost gagged but managed to open up and just let  it happen. He
was squatting over her face now, fucking her in long  pistoning thrusts. Finally
he stopped. Holding the head of his cock deep  in her throat, he came, injecting
his cum right down to her gut.

    She was finally carried off to the bedroom. The same bedroom that it  seemed
she left eons ago, but was in fact only a few short hours.

  Just before she drifted off, she thought she heard short man say  something
about taking her somewhere tomorrow. Perhaps it's over.   




    THE TEST part 3      


    When she awoke the next morning, she was still chained to her bed. Tall man
got her up and into the   shower. She stood under the glorious stream and
washed, and washed some more. The old, dried cum washed away, but one look at
her tits and the rest of her body and she knew, right away, just what she had
been through. Deep,dark purple bruises was what her tits had become. The stream
of water from the shower hurt them.  Her ass and thighs didn't look too bad, she
thought. A few welts and a little bruising, nothing like she thought they would
look like though. As the assessment went on she began to feel better.

    " I think they're taking me back to Master today" she thought. She could
almost sing as she washed her bruised body. "Master will be proud of me, I have
passed his test".

    Her reverie was cut short by tall man reaching in and shutting off the
shower.

    " Out, slut" he said. " We have a long day in store, and we have people
waiting".  With that he handed her a towel. When she was dry she was given a
short, simple summer dress to wear. Naked underneath, the festive colors of her
dress belied the fact that just below was a woman who had been recently beaten;
beaten to the point to where she would open her holes to any man.

    As if to prove the point, tall man hiked up her pretty dress to her waist.
He stood her against the wall and slid his cock into her shaven slit. Her hair,
still wet from her shower, fell in her face as he picked her up by her ass
cheecks and let her slide onto his hard cock. She could not help but respond.
Her past stimulations resulted in an almost instantaneous orgasm. Tall man
pulled out of her cunt and positioned  his cock under her asshole. As she slid
down, she could not speak, only gasp as she was engulfed with the overwhelming
feeling of being totally penetrated. Tall man pulled down the front of her dress
and suckled her bruised tits as he came, deep in her ass.

    In the car, on the way to wherever they were going, it finally dawned on her
that they weren't going to see Master after all. She really didn't care at this
point,  as dark man had four fingers in her cunt and was preparing to slide his
fist in, and tall man was slipping his cock into her mouth.  She hoped that she
came at the same time that tall man did. The car pulled over once so that short
man, who had been driving, could come to the back of the car and fuck her too.
They picked up a hitchhiker. A teenager on his way to San Francisco. In the
backseat he found a woman with the top of her dress pulled down, bruised purple
tits showing an obvious fresh beating. Her dress hiked up to her waist showing
splayed thighs, with welt marks  on them. He couldn't get a hard on to fuck her
so they had her suck him off until he came.

    They drove off the street through an alley, and pulled up behind a large
building. Many other cars were parked in a large dirt lot. She was pulled from
the car and led to the back door, the front of her dress still down around her
waist. Inside, she was led down a corridor. From behind a closed door at the end
of the corridor she could hear the sounds of people partying; a bar, they had
brought her to a bar. She was stripped of her dress.

    " Up on the horse, slut" ordered short man, indicating a contraptiom that
reminded her of something she had seen in the Olympics. She swung a leg up and
over the padded middle beam, her feet not quite reaching the floor. She was
pushed forward to lie along it's length. Her bruised tits were pulled to the
sides to hang along each side of the beam, her knees pulled up about halfway and
her ankles secured. Her arms then pulled down in the direction of her ankles,
and these too were secured. Her ass jutted into space off the end of the beam.
Short man walked around to the front of her.

    " This is a 'cat' " he said, holding out a short whip with dangling tails.
You may have felt one before, but I guarantee you, you will be good friends with
this one before the day is through.

    She began screaming, "no, no, not again" before she was gagged.

    In response, short man walked around behind her, drew back his arm and let
fly, neatly cutting a series of welts across her ass cheeks. A muffled scream
erupted behind the gag. Short man smiled, then delivered another across her
thighs, right below her ass. The next time he swung the cat caught her on her
lower back. The most pitiful moans imagineable were now coming from her.

    Short man changed his stance and brought the cat down, straight down from
over his head, and snapped the leather tails directly between her spread ass
cheeks. That elicited another scream. The next was brought up from the floor,
directly into her splayed sex.

    That took her over the edge. She screamed, she shuddered, she tensed and she
came. She lost all control and released her bowels and her piss. She thought she
would die, but she did not.

    Tall man began cleaning up the mess and her gag was removed, she was in
danger from not being able to breathe. She could not scream anymore anyway, just
emit low panting growls. They left her tied there and sat back, drinking beer
and talking.

    "OK slut, on your feet" said short man.

    She could not walk after they untied her, so tall man picked her up and
pulled her over to a wall. She was shackled to it in a kneeling position, knees
against the wall.  Tall man spread open her ass cheeks and slowly inserted the
handle of the cat into her rectum. The tails dangled over her ankles.

    "In front of your face, slut, is a hole. It's called a glory hole. The other
side of this wall is the men's restroom. If any man sticks his cock through that
hole, you are to suck."

    She could hear laughter and jostling on the other side of the wall, and soon
a cock poked through. She put her mouth over it and sucked. He came almost
immediately. It caught her by surprise and the cum shot out of her mouth. It ran
down her chin and puddled on the floor. From the stains already there, she knew
that others had been forced to do this before. Short man was not pleased.

    "No slut, you are to swallow, all of it".  Another cock was already
protruding through the wall, but short man pulled the whip handle from her ass
and beat her across the back. The whip handle was then replaced.

    In a daze she sucked another cock into her mouth and he too came fast. This
time she was able to swallow. Then another cock. Then another. One after
another. When she displeased short man again, the whip was removed from her ass
and she was beaten with it. Then, back to sucking the endless stream of cocks
that stuck through the hole. At one point, her stomach had had enough, and she
puked. A gut wrenching puke that left a white mass of cum on the floor. She was
jerked up by the hair to take the next one, rivulets of puked up cum streaming
down her chin and onto her bruised tits, puddling on the floor. Some of the
cocks that poked through now just pissed. And she was made to swallow all that
she could. Now she would puke up a mess of piss and cum. And still they lined
up, one after the other.

    When they finally untied her, she lay on the floor on her side, belching and
puking.

    "OK slut, time to see what's on the other side of the wall" said short man.

    She was dragged out the door and into the men's room, the source of all that
piss and cum she had swallowed. She was tied between two urinals, kneeling, with
her wrists tied back to her ankles. The parade of men never ended. They fucked
her in the ass, the cunt and some just jacked off on her back. The next guy
would see the cum and use his piss stream to wash it off. All night this went
on. After the bar closed, the owner came in with a hose and hosed her down right
along with the urinals and the floor.

    The next thing she knew, she was on the backseat of a car, heading to God
only knew where.   

End part three   

If you are female and imagine yourself in this story, contact me.

 jdotjdot@pacbell.net




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





