BDSM Library - Peter at Sea




Peter at Sea
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Peter was looking for a job to pay his tuition. He was recruited as the cabin boy without realizing that he's the only male on the vessel. He was soon under the mercy of the captain and her female crew members.
Peter at Sea



A warm breeze blew in from the sea as Peter walked along the cobbled harbour
causeway. The threadbare soles of his white yacht shoes did little to cushion
the rough surface.

He had walked over twenty miles since leaving the small pension where, for a few
francs he had stayed the night. He reached into the pocket of his white
trousers, which were already grubby and dusty from his journey, finding the
piece of newspaper, which carried the advertisement.

"Wanted Cabin boy" fit and able. Motor Vessel 'Sobsel' requires young person for
a variety of duties at sea. Cruising June to January, applicants must be smart,
energetic and be prepared to take on a variety of sea-going duties.
Apply Bo'sun, MV 'Sobsel' SW Harbour, Antibes.

Peter looked at the advertisement and returned it to his trouser pocket, next to
his passport.
He noticed that the larger vessels were moored further down the causeway, around
the curve of the harbour, their mooring ropes pointing towards the smart cafe's
and restaurants that were the habitue, of the very rich. He put his hand to his
forehead in a salute, shielding his eyes from the bright sunlight, which
reflected from the blue waters of the harbour.

He could see several large yachts and beyond them a series of smart motor
vessels. All of the motor vessels appeared to be of the ocean going type, sleek
and expensive with a plethora of radar and communication devices bristling from
the top of their bridges and wheelhouses. Peter walked on, not really knowing
which type of vessel to look for. He strode quickly, but it was another ten
minutes before he was able to read the names on the sides of the large motor
vessels.

"Sobsel", the name was etched in chromium plate on the side of the largest ship
in the harbour. His heart sank as he realised that his prospects of gaining
employment aboard such a vessel would be slim. He looked down at his dusty and
dishevelled white shirt and trousers, unconsciously excusing his own appearance
for the effort he had made in walking twenty miles.

The gangplank of the ship was finished in fine hardwood; it's many coats of
lacquer glistening in the bright sunlight. Peter shrugged his shoulders and
walked towards the two gendarmes, who were leaning against the gangplank rails,
they both looked bored and irritated by the heat of the day. As he approached
they made a halfhearted attempt to stand to attention, moving slowly they stood
together barring his way to the ship.

The taller of the two looked him up and down and grunted incoherently, lifting
his chin in a questioning gesture. Peter, without thinking, addressed them in
English. "I have come to see the bo'sun of this ship, er... about the job of
cabin boy."

Peter hoped that their English was good enough for them to understand him.
"Wait!" was the only reply he received. Peter watched as the man walked slowly
up the gangplank on to ship. Peter eyed the other policeman who was now standing
in the centre of the gangplank, eyeing him warily. Peter shrugged and stood back
feigning disinterest.

Unknown to either of them was that their every movement was being observed from
the ship. "I think we might have found our cabin boy". The dainty hand of the
captain placed the binoculars down on to the highly polished surface of her
desk. She looked across the wheelhouse to the bo'sun. "Miranda, why don't you
take a look?" Miranda laughed at her friend. "The trouble with you my pretty
little captain is that you are too impatient. You've interviewed over twenty
prospective cabin boys already and you must admit none have come up to standard.
Mind you, this one does look scrummy." 

Miranda raised her own glasses and looked in more detail at the boy who was
aimlessly pacing around the paved area at the end of the gangplank. "I think you
could be right, certainly the physique looks good. Are you going to put him
through the interview process, then we could get a better look at him through
the closed circuit cameras."

The captain lifted up the phone and talked quickly for several minutes. When she
had finished she sat back in her chair and opened the collar of her uniform.
Miranda watched avidly as the captain undid the rest of the buttons of her white
tunic. She ran her hand over her perfectly formed breasts, teasing the nipples
between her delicate fingers.

Abruptly she stood up and walked to the far end of the wheelhouse, carelessly
throwing her uniformed jacket on to the desk. She reached up to one of the
cupboards, which was set into the wall. Her tanned torso revealed lithe muscles
and sinew beneath the smooth flesh as she stretched.

She slid open the door and took out a long leather strap. She ran her hand down
the full length of the heavy hide, grasping the solid calf handle she wrapped
her delicate fingers around it, her bright red nails in stark contrast to the
rugged dark brown leather.

Miranda looked apprehensive as the beautiful young woman turned towards her. She
looked at the captain's magnificent breasts, marvelling at their size and
firmness. Miranda had seen her friend naked many times and had had the pleasure
of being seduced by her and the pain of being punished by her but she could not
help feeling a thrill as she stood in awe of her magnificent figure.

"You need not worry this time Miranda, I have a small disciplinary measure to
take care of, but it is not for you this time so relax. Will you call the duty
officers and tell them to bring Gillian to me. I think she should be in the
galley preparing tea."

It was only a few moments after Miranda had picked up the telephone that a tall
girl entered the wheelhouse. She was dressed, as were all the crew, in a white
tunic top with a short matching white skirt. Her tanned legs were bare, the
white deck shoes she was wearing made no sound as she entered the room. "We have
brought rating Gillian Saunders Ma'am, She is waiting outside with duty officer
Williams. Shall we bring her in?"

The duty officer showed no surprise at seeing her captain bared to the waist.
"Yes you know the routine. Strip her in here and then bring her through to my
office." The captain walked through the door at the end of the room and entered
her private office. The room was magnificently furnished with a large ornate
desk and several leather chairs.

Pictures of various schooners were hung on the walls, along with antique ship's
clocks. Glass cabinets held various historical brass sextants and navigational
items. One cabinet held an assortment of telescopes that had been lovingly
preserved.
In the centre of the room stood a low bench, the top covered in matching leather
to the chairs.

The captain watched as the naked girl was brought forcefully into the room. The
pretty duty officers held her firmly by each arm as they sat her on the end of
the bench. Quickly they grasped her legs and bent them up and over her chest,
raising her bottom several inches off the end of the bench. They both knelt at
each side of the girl and held her legs firmly.

The captain moved forward and stood over the pretty young girl. She noted that
she had started to tremble, her pretty face flushed and blushing as the duty
officers spread her legs wide apart. The plump flesh of her bottom was stretched
tight, revealing the neat pink rosebud of her anus.

"Gillian you have been a naughty girl and you know I have to punish you." The
captain leaned forward and stroked her fingers gently down the inside of the
girl's thigh. "Be a good girl and take your punishment." She slid her hand over
the soft flesh of the girl's shaven pubis and parted the plump lips with her
delicate fingers. "Miranda would you come here?"

Miranda, who had been observing the procedure from the open doorway, walked
through and knelt down facing the girl's upturned buttocks. She took the small
tube of gel she was carrying and, opening the top, smeared the lubricant over
her fingers.

As the captain took her hand away from the girl's pubis, Miranda immediately
placed one hand between the girl's bottom cheeks and the other over her smooth
pubic mound. Expertly she parted the labia and slipped a finger into the moist
orifice, watching the knuckle disappear into the trembling girl's most private
part.

"You have been a silly girl haven't you Gillian." Miranda spoke gently and
lovingly as she moving her finger quickly in and out of the blushing girl's
vagina. "It won't be long now and it will soon be over." She cooed as she deftly
slipped a second finger into the trembling girl.

With her other hand she gently stroked between the cheeks of her bottom,
locating the tight opening of her anus. "Let's just pop a finger in here and
open you up a bit." She murmured as she probed the opening.

"There we are, that's a good girl. She felt the sphincter try to contract as she
pushed her lubricated finger straight up into the tight orifice. Miranda
expertly manipulated her fingers inside the girl, occasionally running a
fingernail over the erect clitoris. She worked diligently for several minutes
until she felt the telltale signs of acute arousal.

The captain looked down at the trembling body of the young girl, noting the
anguished expression on her face as it became suffused in a red blush. The
girl's lips were parted and she had begun to breathe heavily as Miranda
quickened the pace of her fingers.

"Three strokes, I think."  Miranda took her cue and once more speeded up the
tempo of her fingers buried deep in the girl's vagina, at the same time she
pushed hard with her other hand impaling the girl's bottom with the length of
her forefinger.

The captain stood back and raised the heavy leather strap above her right
shoulder.


Miranda sensed that the girl was close to orgasm; the flesh of her vagina was
contracting and expanding involuntarily against her fingers. Quickly she pulled
her hands away, feeling the tight flesh of the sphincter shudder as she withdrew
her fingers. Miranda moved quickly aside as the captain brought the heavy
leather strap down hard against the timid flesh of the trembling girl.
Whap. The strap bit into the tender flesh, wrapping itself intimately around the
tightly stretched buttocks.

The girl screamed, arching her shoulders back and thrusting her young breasts
upwards. Almost immediately the captain raised the strap again and brought it
down hard. The heavy leather singing through the air towards it's target.

Whap. The second stroke smacked into the centre of her upturned bottom, the
thick leather imprinting its form on her captive flesh. The girl tossed her head
from side to side, her breath exhaling in a violent hiss as the shock of painful
lash coursed through her body.

"Arrgggghhhhh...nooo ..ooo" The girl screamed, unable to control her pain.
"Pleeeessse,  argggghhh,, noo  more." Her body was trembling from head to toe as
she pleaded with her tormentors. The captain quickly raised the strap again and
brought it down again, this time against the sensitive juncture between the
girl's thighs and buttocks, it's broad imprint was accompanied by a loud slap as
the leather once more found it's target.

The girl bucked as if she had been electrocuted, her lips drawn back in a
grimace as she fought the pain. "Arrrggghhh.... Arrrrrggggghhh" She cried. Her
limbs trembled and quivered as she tossed her head to left and then right as the
pain coursed through her body.

It had been no more than ten seconds between the first and last stroke as
Miranda quickly took up her position between the girl's widely parted legs.
Quickly she probed the trembling flesh of her vagina and pushed her finger
rudely up inside the girl. "There, there, it's all over now, try and relax
there's a good girl. Her soothing words contrasted against the quickening
fingers of her hand. Miranda slipped her other hand between the girl's parted
buttocks and gently but firmly, pushed her forefinger back up into the girl's
bottom.
"There you are you are going to cum soon."

The captain put down her strap as she spoke and kneeled down beside the
distraught girl's head. She leaned forward and kissed her, thrusting her tongue
deep into her mouth.

Casually, the younger of the two duty officers, grasped one of the girl's
nipples between her finger and thumb and squeezed hard. Gillian could not
control herself, she felt her body tense as wave after wave of sexual sensation
coursed through her body. She managed to draw air into her lungs just before she
felt her captain's lips once more close over her mouth.  Skilfully the girls
brought their captive to new heights of sensation as they caressed and speared
her body.
Veronica smiled to herself. It was always the same thought she had as she
pursued her pleasures. Being captain of the "Sobsel" was a true fulfilment, a
job that provided her with limitless pleasure and satisfaction. To have one's
whims and desires catered for so completely was a privilege that few would enjoy
in their lives. She bent once more over the distraught body of the young girl
and whispered to her. "There my pretty young thing, we are just going to make
you cum once more before we let you up."

Her softly spoken words seemed to inflame the girl to new passion. She could not
help screaming as she felt Miranda push a second finger deep inside her vagina.
The second duty officer smoothed her carefully manicured nails down over the
girl's heaving tummy and cruelly pinched the exposed clitoris. "Arrrrgggghhh...
arggggh." Gillian screamed as she reached her second orgasm.
"Arrgggh..oooooohhhh pleeeeease" Miranda smiled to herself as she felt the walls
of the vagina contract violently against her fingers.

"There we are, you are a good girl. Now lets have a nice big cum this time." She
spoke softly as she deliberately thrust her finger hard up into the young girl's
bottom, curling it upwards as she furiously moved the fingers of her other hand
in a deep circular motion inside the timid girl's vagina.

Gillian's body tensed in one violent spasm, her legs and torso locked rigid as
she reached her second orgasm. Suddenly she started to quiver from head to foot
and screamed uncontrollably
"arrrggggghhhhh... argggggghhhh...ooooohhhhhh." She thrashed her head from side
to side as paroxysms of emotion overtook her body.


They watched intently as Gillian's body trembled and shook, before her emotions
subsided. Her lungs gasped for breath as small tremors ran through her body. Her
full breasts heaved upwards as she fought to take in air. Miranda gently reduced
the motion of her fingers until there was no movement. Gently she withdrew her
finger from the girl's tender bottom and pressed her hand firmly against the
crease between her buttocks. 

"There you relax and we'll get you comfortable, there's a good girl. The captain
spoke gently and tenderly, ending the sentence by kissing the distraught girl
lovingly on the lips.

The duty officers, their faces flushed with excitement, carefully let the girl's
legs down so that her feet were able to touch the floor at either side of the
bench. Miranda withdrew her fingers from between the girl's legs and bottom and
stood up. She looked at the captain and smiled.

"Not a bad little interlude before morning coffee, wouldn't you say." The
captain looked at Miranda. They had been friends for over three years now and
yet Veronica was often forced to laugh at Miranda's impudence and "off the cuff"
humour.
"I hope our cabin boy was not able to hear anything of this in his little
interview room."
Veronica laughed once more. "Don't worry dear Miranda, I'm sure he is being kept
quite busy filling out our questionnaire."

The captain turned to Gillian who was being helped up to a sitting position by
the two duty officers. The girl winced as her weight was transferred to her
tender buttocks. "The girl's will take you down to the medical office, ask them
to put some antiseptic cream on that sore bottom of yours." Gillian looked at
her captain, her flushed, blushing cheeks and trembling lips a testament to her
ordeal. "I.. I'mm." Tears fell down her cheeks before she could complete her
sentence.

The captain bent forward and gently lifted the distraught girl under the arms
until she was standing upright. Veronica put her arms around her and kissed her
on tenderly on the lips. Their naked breasts touched together, their nipples
pushing softly into each other's flesh.

"You'll be alright in a few moments, I'll get one of the girls to make you some
tea. Then you can go to the medical office by my private stairway so you won't
have to get dressed until they've seen to your bottom."

Veronica ran her fingers gently over the girl's naked breasts as she spoke
softly to her.
"The girls will carry your clothes. I want you to tell the doctor that I would
like her to prepare to give someone a full medical examination in about an
hour's time. She can call me if she needs any details, but if you tell her I am
interviewing a cabin boy I am sure she will understand. Gillian nodded her head.
She looked at her captain, her eyes could not conceal the look of love and
supplication she felt. "Yes Ma'am I will tell her."



The captain looked across at the young boy seated before her and then back to
the resume she held in her hands. Peter had been taken to a small reception room
and had been asked to fill in a questionnaire. The questionnaire was detailed
and if answered thoroughly, quite revealing. The reception room had been made
deliberately drab, belying the opulence of the rest of the ship. It was ideal
for meeting petty port officials or customs officers.

Peter had been sat at the small desk for nearly two hours when the pretty young
duty officer had come to collect him. She had noticed he was still writing and
had gently pulled the sheaf of forms from under his pen. "That will have to do,
if the captain needs anymore information I am sure it will be asked for." She
had deliberately not referred to the captain as "She" leaving any look of
surprise for the captain to deal with.

Peter shuffled uncomfortably in his chair. He felt gauche and out of place
against the luxurious setting of the captain's office. He looked down at his
clothes and his deck shoes, feeling ill at ease and in contrast to the captain's
crisp white uniform. He looked at the young woman sat behind the desk. She was
astoundingly beautiful, her emerald green eyes were quite the most beautiful he
had ever seen. Her mouth was small and her lips were shaped with a small dimple
at either side of the mouth. Her beauty and the surroundings of her office did
little to bolster his confidence.

She leaned forward and began to question him, her tunic unable to conceal the
full-unfettered breasts beneath.

She had quickly read the answers within the questionnaire and noted the salient
points. No parents - saving to go to university next year. Hoping to find
employment and new friends on the beautiful southern coast of France.

She questioned him for about half an hour, although she had made up her mind in
the first five minutes of the interview, she wanted to watch for clues or tell
tale signs of bravado or aggressiveness.

"Well Peter, there are one or two things you need to know and agree to. This
ship is well disciplined and tardiness, lateness and laziness are not tolerated.
On board ship, you will obey the officers, whatever you are asked to do, without
hesitation. Do you understand that?"
"Err..er Yes Miss." Peter replied hesitantly.

Veronica had been careful to avoid the boy knowing that the entire crew, apart
from himself, was female. She had referred to the crew as officers or ratings.
"Good, you need not worry about clothes, we have uniforms and a seamstress on
board. Likewise toiletries and personal effects can be bought from the ships
store. I assume you have little or no money, is that correct?" Peter blushed but
nodded his head. "I only have a few francs, Miss."

"You will address me as Ma'am or Captain Soames"
"Yes Ma'am" Peter replied. Veronica was pleased to note that the boy did not try
to be familiar or adopt a humorous persona, had he done so she would have
terminated the interview forthwith and let him go on his way.

"Right I am prepared to offer you employment, providing that you are medically
fit of course. Have you had a medical examination recently?"
"Er.. no Ma'am, not since I was at school."
"Have you had any, sexually transmitted diseases.?"
Veronica was delighted to see the boy instantly blush a deep red as she asked
the question.
"Oh no Ma'am" He protested.
"Well you must have had sexual relationships, are you homosexual?"
Peter's face flushed an even brighter red.
"Oh no Ma'am.. I mean I haven't had er.. er sex with anyone.. er and I'm er..not
homosexual."
Veronica delighted in the youth's embarrassment and his reply.

"Alright Peter, I will see if I can get the ships medical officer to see you
now, if you are pronounced fit and well, then I might see you later to welcome
you officially onboard. That is of course if you would like to take the job."
"Oh Yes please Miss.....er I mean Ma'am."
Veronica smiled and pushed a pile of forms forward across her desk to the young
boy.
"You will have to sign these, I can leave you to read through them if you like
or I can tell you their content."
"Yes please Ma'am.. I mean if you would tell me."

Veronica smiled and explained that they were merely his affirmation that he
would abide by the rules and disciplines of the ship.

She watched as the boy signed the last sheet of the pile of forms, she realised
he was blissfully unaware of exactly what he was signing. She pressed a bell and
waited until the pretty duty officer entered. Claire I would like you to take
Peter Jones to the ships Medical Office, Peter has applied for the job of ship's
cabin boy and will, all being well, be joining us.

Peter followed the pretty young officer along the walkways and stairways to the
lower decks. He would have liked to ask her questions, but the girl walked
quickly in front of him, easily negotiating the stairways and corridors with a
deft familiarity. Peter watched her pretty bottom and legs as she led him along
the corridors and stairways.

She stopped at the entrance to a long corridor and turned to him. "We are on
Deck 'C' if you ever loose your way" She smiled and approached a door along the
corridor, which had a brass plaque set into it. The plaque read "Medical
Officer".
The young girl immediately knocked on the door and without waiting for a reply
opened it. She turned and beckoned him to follow. Peter found himself in a
spacious reception area. There was a large desk upon which was a word processor
and telephone switchboard.
Behind the desk sat a slender and pretty young girl. She was not in ship's
uniform, but wore a blue and white striped short-sleeved blouse.

Her hair was tied back into a neat bun. Her lightly tanned face bore no traces
of makeup apart from a little eye shadow, which accented her dark brown eyes
beneath the thin wire frames of her glasses. Her tanned arms were slender and
her hands neat and delicate. Peter, once more feeling ill at ease, looked down
at his own dishevelled appearance.

He looked round at the room as the girl's exchanged pleasantries. There were
several modern leather seated chairs arranged against the wall, on the opposite
wall was a modern chromium plated weighing scale which stood next to a height
chart on the wall.

Next to the chart was a small curtained screen on castors. The screen was about
four feet high. Behind the screen was a small desk with bottles and jars on top
of it and behind the desk a small stainless steel sink.

"I'll leave you here and come and collect you when you are finished." The young
duty officer smiled at him and left the room.

"Can I help you?" The young girl looked up at Peter from her desk, her lips
drawn back in a professional smile revealing sparkling white teeth.

"Er.. yes Miss.. er... the captain has sent me for a medical." Peter stammered
his reply.
"What name is it please?" She asked without looking up. Instead tapping the keys
of her computer and peering into the screen.
"Peter Jones, Miss."

The young girl tapped several keys and then slowly looked up at the boy. She
paused before delivering the lines she had been relishing.
"Ah yes, you are next in to see the medical officer. Would you strip please, you
can put your clothes on the chair behind you."
Peter could not believe his ears, nor could he help the blood rushing to his
cheeks as she said the words.
"Er... what Miss?"

The girl looked at him directly, her face betraying none of the excitement she
felt.
"Take off your clothes and put them on the chair behind you." Before Peter could
reply or protest she turned back to her computer and began to type.

Peter was left standing in the middle of the room feeling foolish. He wanted to
protest, but could think of nothing to say. To have to take his clothes off in
front of the young girl filled him with embarrassment. She could only be a year
or so older than himself, he thought.

Resignedly he bent down to take off his shoes and socks. He carefully placed his
socks inside his shoes and pushed them beneath the leather chair. Looking
towards the girl for confirmation he began to unbutton his shirt. The girl did
not look up although she was well aware of his reaction to her command. She
continued typing, her peripheral vision keeping her informed of the boy's
progress.

Peter took his shirt off, his face was burning red as he laid the garment on the
chair behind him. He looked across at the girl once more for some confirmation
that he was to take off his trousers. The girl continued with her work, leaving
him no alternative but to continue undressing. He unbuttoned his trousers and
with acute embarrassment took them off. He placed them over the chair and stood
up in his brief underpants. He looked across at the young girl feeling utterly
foolish at being made to strip in front of her. The cool moving air from the
room's air-conditioning teased the tiny hairs on his skin, accentuating his
nakedness.
Nikki continued to type, although she was well aware that the boy was now down
to his underpants.

"Er.. I'm ready Miss." Peter stammered.
Nikki looked up and gave the boy a professional smile.  "Come over here Peter
and stand by the side of my desk." Shame-faced he moved toward the desk as she
took a series of printed forms from her drawer and placed them in a clipboard.

"Now lets see." She looked down and perused the forms as Peter stood at her
desk. He felt awkward and embarrassed, acutely aware of the brevity of his worn
underpants.
Without getting up she wheeled her chair to the side of the desk so that her
knees were only inches away from the boy's shins. Peter could not help look down
at her. Her slender legs were bared to mid thigh, her short navy-blue skirt
revealing the smoothness of her lightly tanned limbs.

Her dainty feet wore flat soles, which were held by delicate thongs,
criss-crossing her shapely ankles and ending in a small bow at mid calf.
Nikki was well aware of the effect she was having on the blushing youth, his
face betraying the utter shame and embarrassment he felt.

" Right... height and weight...  er...we can do that in a moment. Have you any
distinguishing marks or abnormalities.?" She looked up into the boy's face,
watching him blush profusely as she asked the question.
"Er.. n'no Miss." Peter stammered as he looked at the pretty young girl seated
before him. Nikki paused before delivering her 'coup de grace'. She deliberately
looked up into the boy's face making sure that his eyes met hers.
"No marks... good, now just slip your underpants off for me and place the palms
of your hands on top of your head."

Peter felt his cheeks burning as he looked at her with an expression of pure
anguish on his face.
The girl did not repeat the command but looked down and began reading the forms
she had in front of her. Peter did not know what to do; he waited hoping that he
could catch her eye, in case he had misheard her command. Eventually, in total
silence he pushed his underpants down his legs to his ankles and stepped out of
them. Straightening up he could not bring himself to look at the girl as he
raised his arms and placed his hands upon his head.

"Now let's have a look at you." Her words caused Peter even greater
embarrassment as she looked up, her eyes coolly appraising him. He watched
dejectedly as she examined him from head to toe.

Nikki was delighted with his appearance. His body was slim but very well
proportioned. His hairless chest dipped to a slim firm waist, narrow hips and
long legs. He had very little body hair, even for a young boy. She turned her
attention to his genitals, noting his penis which, although flaccid was a good
size as were his testicles. She presumed that he had been circumcised, the tip
of the glans visible through the soft folds of the foreskin, was pointing
downwards below his scrotum. She looked up to his face, which was flushed a deep
red. She noted that his body was covered with goose bumps, a testimony to his
nervousness, she thought, rather than the temperature of the room.

"Stand with your feet apart." Peter looked at her in horror as he shuffled his
feet to a wider stance. He watched, almost in shock as she took a pencil from
the desk and placed it beneath his penis, he felt the cold painted wood being
pressed against his flesh. He was trembling involuntarily as she used the pencil
to lift his penis away from his scrotum.

She peered between his legs and then let his penis drop back between his thighs.
At that one small contact Peter felt his penis begin to engorge. His stomach
churned at the very thought that his penis might erect in front of her.

"Turn around with your back towards me and bend over and touch your toes will
you."
Humiliated beyond belief Peter did as he was told. Slowly turning away from her,
he took his hands from his head and bent forward.
"All the way over and touch your toes."

Peter felt his whole body begin to shiver as he bent over, acutely aware of the
view she would have of him. He could not help the gasp that escaped from his
lips as her cool hands parted the cheeks of his bottom. She held his buttocks
open for several seconds stretching the flesh tightly to expose the puckered
star of the sphincter.

"You may get up now." She said sweetly, taking her hands away from his bottom.
"Go over there and stand on the scales." Peter quickly bent down to retrieve his
underpants.
"No, you can leave those off for now." Her voice was firm as she commanded the
trembling youth.

"Put them on the chair over there with your other things,"
She stood up and taking her clipboard proceeded to the weighing scales. Peter
followed fighting the tingling sensation within his groin. Her touch and cool
demeanour had initiated the first stirrings of sexual arousal within him.

Nikki was delighted with her progress, no longer conscious of the button beneath
her desk, which would, if pressed, summon the duty officers from across the
corridor.
She put her clipboard down on the desk and bade the boy stand on the scales,
marvelling at his acquiescence.

"Stand up straight, there's a good boy."
Her voice became softer as she stood close to the naked youth. She placed the
palm of one hand flat against his tummy, her little finger just touching his
pubic hair. She rested the other hand on the small of his back and with a slight
pressure, urged him to stand further forward on the platform.
Peter felt his penis tingle with desire once more as her soft cool hands touched
him. He felt his face blush with humiliation as she casually let her hand slide
from the small of his back and down over his buttocks.

"Let's see that's eleven stones and seven pounds." She let go of him and picked
up her clipboard and wrote quickly.

"Right, stand up against the chart with your shoulders pressed against the wall
and your feet flat on the floor."

She watched as the boy almost blinded with embarrassment moved clumsily to stand
beside the chart. She noticed that his penis was already slightly distended, the
circumcised foreskin gradually creeping back, showing more of the bell shaped
head. She looked at his blushing face and trembling lips.

"Are you feeling alright, you look a little flushed.
Peter could hardly bring himself to look at the girl. As their eyes met Nikki
noted the look of pure anguish in the boy's expression. Delighted, she placed
her clipboard on the floor and stood up close to him, her young breasts pressed
firmly against his chest as she adjusted the gauge to sit on top of his head.

"There... that's... exactly six feet tall. Is that what you are Peter... six
feet tall?" There was just a touch of merriment in her voice as she spoke to the
trembling youth. Peter almost groaned as he tried to form a reply.
"Er... y..yes Miss..s..er six feet." Peter missed the double entendre of her
question, in fact he felt like fainting, such was his humiliation and
embarrassment. His stomach churned with dread and foreboding as she picked up
the clipboard and placed it on the desk.

Leaning over she filled in more details and then reached in to one of the
drawers for a small tape measure.  "Step forward and stand in front of me, legs
apart and hands on your head." Her sweet innocent face and almost childlike
figure, belying her firm command.
Peter stood forward and placed his hand on his head. He shivered with pure
anguish as he felt her place her hand on the inside of his thigh.
"Spread a little wider there's a good boy." He stood in an aura of abject
humiliation as he felt her hands pass the tape measure around his chest and then
waist.

He shivered as she smoothed her hands over his bottom, her delicate touch
caressing his flesh. She passed the tape measure around his buttocks and held
the ends against the pubic hair just above his penis. She felt the boy shudder
as she deliberately brushed her knuckles against the tip of his member. Ignoring
his plight, she placed the tape around his thigh and measured the circumference,
once more filling in the details on her clipboard.

Peter could not help looking at her as she kneeled down in front of his widely
spread legs. Without preamble she took the tip of the tape measure and pressed
the end between the juncture of his thighs. The back of her hand softly touching
and lifting his testicles as she pressed upwards behind his scrotum, holding the
other end of the measure lightly against his ankle.

Peter, shamefaced and completely humiliated felt his penis begin to engorge. He
could not help himself. Nikki kept the tape between his legs and moved the end
to his other ankle, her face only inches from his penis as she altered her
position. She watched his penis gradually distend, thrilling as the foreskin
rolled back almost imperceptibly to reveal even more of the glans. She pressed
the tape more firmly between his thighs her hand deliberately moving against his
testicles.

Peter moaned involuntarily as the humiliation continued. He looked to the
ceiling, trying to avoid looking down at all costs. Nikki took her hands away
from him, deliberately brushing her soft fingers against his penis as she stood
up and faced him. Her body was merely inches from him as she spoke softly.
"You seem hot and you are shivering Peter, I think you may be coming down with
something and that would never do if you really want this job... look at me
Peter, you do really want this job don't you?"

She watched as he lowered his head, his eyes bore all the anguish that he felt
as he looked into her eyes.
"Imm... er alright Miss... I'mm just um .. er.. a little nervous."

Nikki was delighted in the boy's discomfort and complete acquiescence - and of
course, her own performance in handling him. She decided that she would prolong
his torment at her hands just a little longer before she handed him over to her
compatriots.

"I think you might have a temperature. I am going to have to make sure you are
not ill. There are a variety of influenza bugs going around on the 'Cote' this
year."

Peter groaned as she put her pretty hand on his hip and beckoned him to the
small desk. Deftly she placed her left hand on his tummy and stroked her other
hand up to small of his back. She looked down at his engorged penis, which moved
from side to side as he walked, although not yet fully erect the flesh was plump
and turgid. She skilfully manoeuvred him until he was facing the desk,. pressing
firmly on his back and tummy she bent him forward.

Lay your chest down on the desk there's a good boy." She had him bent over
before he could protest.
"There's a good boy, chest flat against the desk now... that's it rest your head
on your hands." Peter had obeyed almost without thinking. His humiliation and
total embarrassment had acted on his body like a heavy drug.

"W..what are... are you going to do Miss." Peter managed to stammer. His face
was bright crimson as he felt her put her hands on his buttocks.
"I'm just going to take your temperature you silly boy, now stay still and
spread your legs apart... come along now."
Peter felt his face burning as she slid her hands down over his buttocks and
pressed the inside of his thighs until he was positioned to her liking.
She walked round the desk and placing a soft hand on his burning cheek, looked
into his eyes.

"Just you stay still, we're nearly finished now."
She ruffled the hair of his head, delighted that he had laid his head to the
side facing her. She stooped to open one of the drawers, her whole body tingled
with anticipation as she reached inside.

She took a large rectal thermometer out of the drawer and deliberately placed it
in on the desk in front of his face. She noted his agonised expression as she
slowly and deliberately pulled on a pair of rubber gloves. Intentionally she let
the rubber snap against her wrists, making sure that her hands were within his
full view.

Next, almost ritualistically, she took a tube of lubricant and smeared it on her
right forefinger. Watching his expression of horror, she formed the thumb and
forefinger of her left hand into an 'O' and sensuously slipped the lubricated
finger though it.

She looked into his face as she picked up the large glass tube. Slowly, almost
hypnotically she smeared more lubricant around the bulbous end of the glass,
smiling sweetly at him as she worked the lubricant over the large protuberance.

"Just relax and everything will be fine, little boys sometimes tense their
bottoms - but I am sure you are going to be a good boy aren't you?"

Her words, combined with his vulnerable position had managed to reduce him in
stature to that of a whimpering child. He uttered a groan as way of an answer,
but in fact he was almost delirious with acute embarrassment.

Nikki was relaxed and enjoying every minute of her dominance over the trembling
boy, His compliance and embarrassment almost total, as she left the thermometer
on the desk in front of his face and moved behind him. Standing back, she
admired the firm hairless buttocks and strong legs of the naked youth. Because
of the limited height of the desk, his back was slightly dipped into a smooth
concave arc; small beads of perspiration were evident on his clearly defined
spinal column. Even with his legs widely spread, the smooth flesh of his bottom
was raised higher than his head.

Nikki thrilled as the flesh of his buttocks shuddered and contracted violently
at the first touch of her hand. Sliding the fingers of her left hand between the
deep crease of his bottom, she pulled the cheeks apart. Slowly and with
deliberate intent she placed her right hand underneath his buttocks. Before he
could protest she had slipped her hand upward between the cheeks, further
parting the buttocks. Inexorably the tips of her delicate fingers wriggled
between the pliant mounds of flesh and located the sensitive opening of the
sphincter.

She felt the boy tense his entire body as she gently probed the opening.
"Just stay still and relax... I am going to be very gentle with your little
bottom." Peter shuddered as he felt the tip of her finger probe the opening of
his sphincter. He had never experienced anything like the sensation he felt as
her finger slipped through the tiny orifice of his sphincter and up into his
anus.

Nikki felt the boy's involuntary reflex to straighten up as she probed his
bottom. She placed her free hand on the small of his back and spoke softly to
him.

"There we are now, just relax, you'll soon get used to it." Her voice and the
hand on his back seemed to quiet him. She increased the pressure of her hand on
the middle of his back as she pushed her finger firmly up into his virgin
bottom.

"OOOoooohhhhh." Peter moaned as he felt the intense pressure of her slender
finger push into him and then inexorably intrude even further up into his
bottom. Nikki quickly located the prostate gland and without hesitation
proceeded to massage it with the very tip of her finger.

"Arrrggghhhh..ooohhhh." Peter let out a low moan as her finger moved over the
sensitive gland. In a series of tiny movements she jiggled the tip of her finger
against the pliant flesh of the prostate, knowing that it would be impossible
for the boy to avoid his penis erecting.

She pushed harder, applying a firmer pressure and increasing the rapid movements
of her finger.
Deftly she continued the stimulation for several minutes before abruptly pulling
her finger from within his anus.

"Arrggghhh...arrrggghhh." Peter could not help gasping as his sphincter was
stretched over the knuckle of her slender finger for a second time.

Nikki laid her hand gently on his buttocks and stroked the soft flesh before
moving around the desk until she was facing him. She noticed a tear roll down
his crimson cheek and on to his hand.

"You're doing fine Peter, just relax a little more while I pop this into your
bottom."
Her words rekindled his acute embarrassment, as he lay helpless before her.
Deliberately she re-coated her fingers with lubricant and picked up the
thermometer.

Moving around him, she parted his buttocks with her left hand and introduced the
large glass bowl of thermometer to the sphincter. Holding it firmly she teased
the orifice by pushing firmly with the glass tube.

She watched as the sphincter began to dilate around the bulbous mercury filled
sphere. With a firm push she watched the glass orb disappear inside him.

"oooooooohhhhhhhhhh." Peter could not contain himself as he felt his bottom
being stretched wide to accommodate the device.

Nikki smiled to herself as she pushed the glass thermometer up into his anus,
the length of glass such that the bowl penetrated deep inside him.

"Now just relax... you're not feeling any discomfort are you. Do your genitals
feel alright?"
Peter could not believe what was happening to him as he felt her delicate hands
slide over his buttocks and between his legs.

He shuddered as he felt her cup his testicles in her hand and pull them
backwards. His whole body began to tense rigidly as he felt her other hand slip
between his parted legs and take a firm hold of his penis.

To his horror he realised that he was fully erect. Nikki smiled to herself as
she stooped between his legs to view his erection. She pulled the foreskin of
his penis back along the shaft, revealing the whole of the sensitive glans.

"Well you seem alright there, I'll leave you for five minutes, so don't move
from that position - do you understand me."

Peter could not have moved had he wanted to. He was near to fainting as her
hands left his body. His chest was heaving and he gasped for air as he heard her
exit the door to the surgery.


Veronica turned the volume of the audio down on the communications console. The
six video-monitors and hi-fidelity speaker had enabled her to watch and hear the
whole of the proceedings. She picked up her telephone and pressed a number on
the keypad in front of her. She spoke quickly, giving instructions and then
replaced the telephone. Turning to Miranda she smiled. "There, what did I tell
you, he is completely malleable and should suit are owners to a tee, what do you
think?" Miranda could not help grinning as she leaned over the captain's
shoulder, examining the body of the naked boy on the monitor screen. "You are
always right, aren't you my clever captain, I agree, the owners will be
delighted, not to mention most of the crew." She laughed as she completed the
sentence; bending her head forward she kissed Veronica on the cheek. Do you mind
if I pull up a chair for the rest of the performance? She giggled as she sat
down in a swivel chair next to Veronica and leaned forward to watch the monitor.

Peter lay, where he had been placed, unable to comprehend the turn of events
that had led him to his position. For all he knew he might have fainted as he
felt smooth fingers touch his bottom... for he had not heard her re-enter the
room.

"Right.. any pain here?" She asked as she slipped her hand quickly between his
legs and fondled his testicles.
Peter almost choked with embarrassment as she slipped her other hand over the
head of his penis. "What about here... do you feel any sensation." Nikki had to
stifle her amusement as she felt the rigid staff throb between her fingers.

"er  er...nooo Miss." Peter could hardly reply as once more she pulled the
foreskin back firmly, stretching the skin to its fullest extent.

Without preamble Nikki took her hands from his genitals and quickly took hold of
the thermometer. With a practised motion she pulled the thermometer out of his
bottom, watching with delight as the sphincter stretched and then closed behind
the glass bulb as it was pulled free.

Peter gasped at the acute sensation, feeling his penis throb as his sphincter
stretched. He was unaware of the expert way his body and emotions had been
deliberately manipulated, unaware that the girl was well practised in the
humiliation and dominance of patients.

The girl glanced at the temperature gauge, knowing already that any elevation in
temperature would be a result entirely of her own doing.
Nikki discarded the rubber gloves and stood back admiring the boy's naked form.

"There now stand up straight and we have finished, come along - you are not
going to lay across my desk all day are you?"

Peter groaned as he lifted his body from the desk. He felt an ache in his back,
suddenly realising that he must have been bent over for at least ten minutes. As
the young girl moved around to face him, Peter immediately tried to cover his
erection with his hands. He placed both palms over his genitals, pulling his
erect penis up against his stomach and holding his forearms close together to
cover himself.

Nikki pretended not to notice but lifted a large and a smaller jar from the far
end of the desk. Holding one in each hand she moved towards him. "Take these and
go behind the screen. I want you to fill the small jar with urine and you can
expel what ever is left into the other."

Peter looked shocked as she proffered the jars to him.
"But..but Miss."
"What on earth's' the matter, come along there's a good boy."


Peter blushed furiously as he slowly uncovered himself. He could not help
looking down as he took his hands away, horrified as the watched the young girl
observe his penis as it sprang outwards. He tried to take the jars from her
quickly so that he could turn away and walk behind the screen, but Nikki held
his wrist just as he had taken the jars from her.

"What is this... how on earth are going to give a urine sample like that you
naughty boy." Peter was mortified as she stopped him from turning away and
pointed to his penis.  To his horror, his penis was standing upwards at an angle
of forty-five degrees. In vein he tried to hide his erection by squirming his
legs and trying somehow to turn his hips away from her.

"Give me the jars Peter, you are a naughty boy"
Peter could not control himself, his body racked in tremors of embarrassment as
she delicately took the jars from his fingers.

"Come along I'll have the nurses deal with you." Her voice was stern as she
deliberately took hold of his erect penis before he could cover himself.
"Hands on your head now... quickly do as I say." She had raised her voice only
slightly, but was delighted to see the embarrassed youth obey immediately.

She placed her other hand beneath his scrotum and cupped his testicles.
"Fortunately for you young man I am going to let the nurses deal with you. Now
come along with me and don't you dare move those hands."
Taking her hand away from his scrotum, she led him by his penis towards the door
leading to the surgery.

"Please Miss, wait a moment, I'm so sorry... I..I.." Peter could not complete
his sentence. His embarrassment was so acute he felt near to fainting.




2



Marie looked at Sarah's naked body as the beautiful girl reached for the hanger,
which held her nursing uniform. Marie smiled knowing that even this simple white
cotton dress would be as alluring as the sheerest of evening gowns over Sarah's
curvaceous body.
Marie could not help herself as she reached forward and placing her hand between
her friend's lush thighs. She thrilled as she squeezed the smoothly shaven
pubis, her fingers revelling in the plump flesh of the girl's prominent pubic
mound.

Sarah remembered that, as a young girl at the age of eleven, feeling awkward and
embarrassed by her body. She smiled as she thought of her ugly duckling
childhood, little knowing then, the transformation that would take place. She
had been horrified by her rate of growth, already six inches taller than the
tallest boy in her school, she had avoided dances or parties or any social
gathering where she would have to meet or socialise with the opposite sex.

By the time Sarah was fifteen her young body had filled out to become the envy
of every girl in the school and the desire of every boy. Not only was Sarah tall
and shapely, her face was stunningly beautiful. Her classic bone structure,
beautiful almond eyes and lush lips had been the envy of every girl in school.
When she had left school to enrol at nursing college, she was already
self-assured and had developed a persona so powerful that she was easily able to
manipulate her peers, easily able to repel unwanted attention, without causing
offence to the young male students.
"I know I'm wet, and so... I bet, are you my little nymph." Sarah smiled as she
spoke to Marie. "I am rather looking forward to this and I know you are, so let
me get dressed before I crumple into a heap.

Marie smiled. She knew better than to think that she could reduce Sarah to a
crumpled heap. Sarah was very much in charge of her life, self-assured and
dominant in her role as head nurse, taking her work and her pleasures seriously.
Marie knew that Sarah intended to enjoy and savour every minute of the
afternoon.




3


Peter stumbled rather than walked the few feet to the door. He watched blankly
as she pushed down on the handle and without preamble pulled him forward by his
penis. Peter stumbled behind her, his mind in turmoil as he involuntarily
followed her into the modern surgery.

A large examination table was the centrepiece of the room, it's chromium-plated
centre stand glinting under the strong lights. The leather-covered top of the
table had been draped with a white sheet. Around the walls were cupboards and
shelves all finished in a stainless steel or chromium metal. Instruments and
medical paraphernalia abounded within the confines of the shelving.

The receptionist did not stop but led the trembling boy towards another door.
She swung it open - and taking a firmer grip upon his penis led him through to a
smaller room. The room was completely tiled in white porcelain, it contained a
bath already half full of warm water, several sinks, a toilet bowl and a low
padded table. Peter almost fainted as he saw the two beautiful nurses, who were
laying out tubing on top of a chromium-plated trolley. They looked up and smiled
as Nikki pulled the embarrassed youth forward.

Sarah stood up and addressed the trembling boy. "What have we here?" She looked
down at his groin as Nikki let go of his penis, leaving his rigid member
pointing upwards toward the ceiling. Peter blushed profusely, his face and chest
suffused in red as he took his hands from his head in an attempt to cover
himself.

"Get those hands back on your head at once." Nikki spoke sharply her voice
penetrating Peter's cocoon of shame and embarrassment. He could not help
squeezing his eyes shut as he slowly replaced his hands back upon his head. He
shivered as he felt a soft hand on his shoulder. Opening his eyes he blushed as
the taller of the two nurses gently pulled him toward the low padded table.

"Kneel upon there will you... on your hands and knees... there's a sweetie."
Peter blushed again as the nurse, quickly positioned him. He shivered as he felt
the hands of both nurses upon his body, unable to protest as they placed his
knees wide apart on the padded surface of the table.

"My you are a nice looking boy". Sarah cooed as she slipped her hand between his
legs and cupped his testicles. Peter could not stop his body from trembling as
he felt the receptionist reach beneath him and take hold of his erect penis. He
quaked as she placed the cold glass of a specimen jar against groin,
deliberately pushing his penis downward into the broad opening of the jar.
"Well at least you're in a position to give me a urine sample now, so off you go
and give me a full jar, there's a good boy."

Peter could hardly believe what was happening to him as he felt one of the
nurses press the flat of her palm up against his tummy.

"Just let it all go." He heard her whisper as she pressed harder against his
stomach. Suddenly without warning, Peter felt his bladder relax and he began to
urinate helplessly into the specimen jar. Sarah looked across at Nikki as she
held the jar up against the boy's penis.

Nikki could feel the heat of the urine through the glass as she lowered the jar
and took a firm hold of the young boy's penis. She squeezed gently, pulling her
fingers down the shaft and watching as the last drops of urine escaped.

"There's a good boy... that was no trouble at all was it." She watched excitedly
as he hung his head in shame. Nikki took the urine sample and left the room.
Before Peter could compose himself Sarah had placed her hands on the cheeks of
his bottom and parted the firm flesh. She felt the boy wince as Mari pushed a
well soaped shaving brush between his buttocks and began to lather him.

"Keep still, there's a good boy and let nurse soap your bottom. We're just going
to give you a little shave between your cheeks, so try and keep still won't you"
Peter could not believe his ears as he felt their gentle fingers part his
buttocks further and press the cold steel of the safety razor against his flesh.
Just relax, and it will all be over before you know it.

Peter was blushing a bright red as the nurse began shaving between his legs. He
shuddered with embarrassment as the second nurse deliberately slid her hand
beneath his tummy and cupped his testicles, drawing the soft pouch forward as
the razor moved down lower between his legs. "Just you relax there's a good
boy." Sarah whispered to him as she gently squeezed his scrotum. She slid her
other hand beneath him and took a firm hold of his penis. She felt the organ
throb between her fingers as she tightened her grip.

Peter trembled as the nurses continued their ministrations, their hands probing
and kneading his flesh, seemingly oblivious to his distress. He shuddered as the
nurse who had been shaving him, put down the razor and taking a dab of lubricant
ran her fingers up between the cheeks of his bottom. The cool liquid emphasised
his nakedness as she probed the opening of his sphincter. Without warning she
pushed her slender forefinger up into his bottom making him moan audibly. "Just
relax there's a good boy." She ignored his moans as she reached for the enema
nozzle and introduced it between tightly stretched flesh of his sphincter.

 Deftly she withdrew her finger and pushed the slim metal nozzle upward into his
anus. "Arrrgggh... ooohhh." Peter moaned as he felt the cold metal stretch his
opening, shuddering as the appliance penetrated him. Before he could protest
further she had pushed the appliance deep into his anus.

"Now just relax your bottom while I put the bulb in." Peter did not know what
she meant, but moaned loudly as his sphincter was stretched wide over the
bulbous rubber ball which was attached to the nozzle. The nurse gave him no
respite as she inflated the ball. "Arrggggghhhhhhh." He could not help but
protest his anguish as he felt his sphincter stretch tightly over the inflated
intrusion.

He gasped again as the other nurse pushed the skin of his foreskin down the
shaft of his penis and squeezed his testicles firmly. "There... there.... Just
relax while we see to you." She spoke softly and gently. She turned on the
irrigator and watched the young boy shiver and tremble as the water began to
penetrate his insides.

The nurses looked at each other and smiled as Peter moaned loudly, unable to
contain his emotions. He felt dizzy with the sensation of their hands upon his
naked body and the sensual sensation of the warmed water seemingly rushing
inside him. The water began to fill him up quickly, he felt the nurse lean over
and reach underneath him to gently stroke his tummy.

He was trembling uncontrollably as the second nurse squeezed his penis and
pulled the foreskin down over the shaft, her voice soft and low as she whispered
to him. "Be a brave boy, there is not much more to go now and then you can pop
to the toilet." 

Mari felt his tummy, stroking her hand gently under the young trembling flesh.
She moved her hand down until she felt the tip of his penis, which Sarah was
holding. "There that's a good boy, your tummy is almost full." She whispered
softly, well aware of the sensual effect of both their softly spoken words and
their gentle hands.

Sarah felt his penis throb between her fingers as she watched Mari switch off
the irrigator and pull backwards on the inflated bulb trapped in his anus. "Just
shuffle backwards and put your feet on the floor and I will take you to the
toilet." She held the tubing as both she and Sarah helped the boy get down from
the table

Peter felt utterly humiliated as he struggled to get down from the table.
Although he was acutely aware of his bloated stomach, it was the inflated rubber
ball within his anus that accentuated his embarrassment. Naked and ashamed he
put his feet to the floor, not daring to look at either of the pretty nurses. He
was horribly aware that were able to touch his naked body as intimately as they
wished. Their soft hands emphasised the point as he felt the nurse squeeze his
penis and pull his testicles forward.  

Sarah squeezed once more and then let go of him, smiling to Mari as they helped
the young boy to the open toilet. They watched in amusement as his erect penis
bobbed up and down as he stumbled forward.

Peter felt utterly humiliated as they sat him on the white porcelain. His face
blushed a deep red as Sarah bent forward and lifted his testicles while Mari
deflated the nozzle bulb and gave a sharp tug to the tubing. Peter closed his
eyes in shame as he evacuated almost immediately.

"There's a good boy." Sarah cooed as they stood over him. They watched as he sat
trembling before them. Sarah let go of his testicles as Mari took the enema
apparatus over to the sinks.

"Stand up now and we'll just give you a quick bath before you see the doctor." 
Peter coloured up almost immediately as he heard their words. Surely they did
not intend to bathe him he thought as they helped him from the toilet. Gentle
hands and soft-spoken voices accompanied his short walk to the bath.

They helped him to step over the side as and positioned him so that he was
facing them with his legs spread apart. Gently they took his wrists and lifted
his arms. "Hands on your head, there's a good boy, we can't wash your bottom
with your hands in the way, can we? Just stand still and we'll give you a
thorough wash all over... how's that?

Peter felt his cheeks suffuse with a red blush as the nurses looked at him.  He
had had no other experience to prepare him for the humiliation he was suffering.
He was acutely aware of his dilemma, standing naked before the two young nurses
with his penis erect.

Deliberately Sarah reached forward and delicately held his testicles in the palm
of her hand. She watched the boy shiver as she cupped her fingers, drawing her
nails gently over the flesh behind the scrotum. Peter moaned in embarrassment as
he watched Mari deliberately soap her hands in front of him. Making sure that he
was watching her every move she reached between his legs and slipped her hand
between the cheeks of his bottom. Peter involuntarily tried to clench his
buttocks at the intrusion.

"Just relax your bottom, there's a good boy." She cooed as she pushed a soapy
finger against the tightly closed flesh of his sphincter. "Ooops there we are."
She murmured to him as she slipped her forefinger up into his bottom. Sarah
pulled his testicles forward and watching his expression of dismay took a firm
hold of his erect penis.

Both Sarah and Mari were aware of the boy's utter distress as time after time
they brought him to the very edge ejaculation, each time taking their hands away
from his body before he lost control.
They washed his whole body, their hands gently soaping his chest thighs and
buttocks. He stood helplessly before them as they deliberately excited his body.
Sarah teased his nipples with her fingernails, coaxing the sensitive flesh to
erect as Mari, slipped her fingers between his buttocks and pushed a soapy
finger into his anus.


They made him sit in the bath while they washed his hair and then stand once
more, as they rinsed him. Each touch coaxing a sexual response from his
trembling body.
Eventually they helped him step out of the bath. "Hands back on your head now,
there's a good boy." Mari's sharp command pre-empted Peter's attempt to cover
his genitals with his hands.


"Legs well apart now, we want you perfectly dry for the doctor." Peter could not
help himself from blushing profusely as the nurses positioned him so that his
legs were widely spread. His cheeks felt as if they were on fire as Sarah looked
at him and smiled sweetly, her beautiful features compounding his utter
humiliation. She held his gaze and reached forward with her hand, cupping his
testicles within her delicate fingers.

"There we are we'll soon have you dry." Peter shivered uncontrollably, closing
his eyes in utter embarrassment as he felt the nurse pull his foreskin back and
gently move the towel over the sensitive flesh. He almost jumped as the soft
towelling rubbed against the glans of his penis. "Try and keep still." Mari
whispered to him as she moved behind him and parted his buttocks.

With infinite care she gently rubbed the towel between the cheeks of his bottom.
Her hands moving over his flesh, pulling the cheeks of his bottom this way and
that as she dried him.

The nurses finished drying him and standing back examined him from top to toe.
Peter quickly covered his groin with his hands, feeling utterly foolish, as he
stood naked before them.

"Alright Peter, I will get you a robe and you can go through to the examination
room." Sarah spoke kindly as she stepped towards him and gently placed her hand
on his shoulder. She gestured to him to follow her through to the examination
room. Mari pushed open the door and held it while Sarah stroked her hand down
the boy's back and over the hillocks of his firm buttocks. She patted him gently
on the cheeks of his bare bottom and motioned him to enter the room.

"In you go there's a good boy." She whispered gently as Peter stumbled forward,
his embarrassment further accentuated by her hand on his bottom.
Sarah propelled the boy into the brightly-lit room. The chromium of the
examination table shone under the strong lights as Sarah led the trembling youth
towards a small stainless steel podium. The podium had three steps at either
side and was used to assess the fitness and heart rates of patients, who were
made to ascend and descend the steps several times in quick succession before
heart monitoring.

Sarah had Peter sit on the podium and told him to face her. She watched him
wince as his buttocks made contact with the cold metal. Sarah looked closely at
the naked youth, his face was bright red with embarrassment as he sat timidly
before her. She noticed that he was still covering his genitals, his hands were
pressed tightly against his groin and his knees pressed close together.

She stepped in front of him and placed her hands gently on either side of his
cheeks. She could feel his face burning as she lifted his head to look at her.
Just open your legs so I can step closer to you. She moved forward so that her
knees were touching his, she felt his knees move apart as she pressed against
him.

She lowered his head until his forehead was resting against her tummy. "I'm just
going to examine your hair, so you can relax for a while. Sarah smiled to
herself as she thought of the next part of the examination.  She looked over to
Mari who was holding a folded hospital gown. Mari grinned as she caught Sarah's
eye, she knew Sarah was enjoying having a young boy to play with, both she and
Sarah loved having control over their patients, both male and female. It had
been sometime since they had a young boy on board and certainly never one as
good looking as Peter.

Peter kept his head still as he felt the hands of the young nurse gently stroke
her fingers through his hair. Her gentle touch was playing havoc with his
senses. He felt his penis beginning to erect again as Sarah gently stroked her
hands upward over the back of his neck.

Sarah was aware of the sensual effect of her fingers. She could feel the boy
shiver as she concentrated her efforts on the short hairs at the nape of his
neck. She felt him begin to tremble as she teased his hair, her caresses soft
and gentle, almost loving. She brushed behind his ears and over his blushing
cheeks before taking her hands away. She placed her fingers under his chin and
delicately brought his head up until his eyes met hers. She could almost feel
his embarrassment as she looked into his eyes.

"Right Peter you seem fine there. Stand on the podium for me and raise your arms
straight above your head." She watched the boy colour up a bright red as he
looked at her and realised that he would have to uncover himself. He could find
no worthwhile protestation as he clumsily stood up, his hands still trying to
cover his erection. He turned his back and climbed on to the podium. Slowly he
turned to face her, acutely aware of his nakedness and vulnerability.

"Stand up straight, legs apart and stretch your hand up towards the ceiling...
as quick as you can now, we don't want to keep the doctor waiting." Peter felt
dizzy with shame as he straightened up slowly placing his legs apart. Sarah
thrilled as Peter turned his head away from her before taking his hands away
from his genitals and stretching his arms upwards. Sarah reached up and turned
the boy's head toward her. She looked into his eyes as he trembled and shook
with shame. Her voice was soft but firm.  "Legs further apart and stretch those
hands as high as you can, there's a good little boy."

Peter was humiliated beyond belief, acutely aware of his penis, which was
standing out at ninety degrees to his body. He could not help the tremors, which
ran through his whole body as stood naked and ashamed facing the young nurse.

Sarah looked at the trembling body of the naked boy standing in front of her.
She felt a thrill run through her body as she stepped forward. Peter could not
control the anguish and abject dismay he felt as the nurse stood next to him,
placing her soft hands on his tummy and waist as she looked closely at his
armpits.  He shivered as she ran her fingers through the sparse underarm hair.
She repeated the procedure for the other armpit and then stood back.


"Right you can put your hands on your head now Peter and I will check your pubic
hair." Her words were designed to produce the maximum amount of embarrassment as
once more she moved close to him and placed her left hand on his hip. She felt
him begin tremble uncontrollably as she placed the palm of her other hand flat
against his tummy.

She looked into his eyes, deliberately adding drama to the moment as she gently
smoothed her fingers down over stomach and through his pubic hair.

Mari moved around to stand behind Peter as Sarah took her hand from the young
boy's hip and deliberately took a firm hold of his penis. "Now stand still
there's a good boy." She murmured softly as she moved the rigid member to the
side so that she could examine the soft hairs around the base of his penis.

"My you are tense, Peter... try and control yourself there's a good boy." Her
words added further fuel to his embarrassment as she deftly ran her fingers
around the hair at the base of his penis. Watching his face she slipped her
fingers between his legs and gently held his testicles. Drawing her hand forward
she lifted the soft sac of the scrotum and pulled his testicles forward.

Bending low so that her face was only inches from his erect penis, she peered at
the smoothly shaven area between his legs. She could feel his body jerk with
fear as she gently squeezed his scrotum.

"There, there, don't be alarmed I've nearly finished my examination." Peter
flinched as she pulled the foreskin of his erect penis backwards until the skin
was tightly stretched, at the same time he felt her squeeze his testicles.

He could never in his wildest dreams have imagined having such an intimate and
humiliating examination.

"I think I will have to draw the doctor's attention to the tightness of the
foreskin."

Sarah spoke to Mari, aware that drawing further attention to his penis would
acutely embarrass the boy.

"Please have a look and tell me what you think.  Mari stepped around the podium
and stood next to Sarah. She looked up into the boy's eyes, seeing his abject
dismay as she reached forward and gently touched his penis.

Sarah took her hands away from his penis and watched as Mari took a firm grip of
the rigid member. She watched intently as Mari drew the foreskin upward over the
sensitive glans.

She felt another thrill run through her body as Mari abruptly and deliberately
pushed the skin back, causing the boy to jerk his hips violently. "Keep still
there's a good boy and let Mari examine you." Sarah spoke firmly to the
trembling boy, aware that his knees had began to tremble.

Mari looked up at Peter and waited until his eyes met hers. "I am sorry if you
find this embarrassing, but it is far better if we identify any problems you
might have now, so that we can do something about it."

Peter blushed profusely as Mari reached between his legs and drew his testicles
forward, her fingertips pressing on the underside of his penis as she emphasised
her words. She continued to manipulate his penis until she felt the telltale
signs of impending ejaculation. She immediately took her hands from his body and
stood back.

Peter was so disoriented, he could hardly see the nurses through his haze of
utter humiliation and sexual sensation. His body trembled and shook, his upper
torso was one red flush as he struggled to stay upright with his legs spread
wide apart and his hands on his head. He was acutely aware of his penis jutting
out in front of him. His erection so stiff that it was almost painful.


He felt dizzy and near to fainting as they moved to his side and helped him down
from the podium. He was in a daze, emotionally exhausted, as they dressed him in
a short, pale green hospital gown and tied the sting at his neck, leaving him
naked at the back. The gown was so short that, had his penis not been erect, it
would have been visible below the hem of the cloth.

He stumbled rather than walked to the chair, which was placed in front of the
desk at the far end of the room. He was aware of the cold metal seat against his
naked buttocks as the nurses helped him sit. "You just stay there nice and still
and I will fetch you a drink while you wait for the doctor."




Doctor Vicki Nixon was twenty-five years old. Having completed her compulsory
one-year housemanship six months ago, she had taken a post in a small general
practice, but the tedious and uninspiring work had shown her that she would
never be suited to this type of work.

She had quickly decided to look for something more exciting. The small discreet
advertisement for a female doctor placed in the 'Times' newspaper promised
travel and an excellent salary, but it was the carefully worded candidate
requirements that had caught her eye.

'Must be able to administer ships rule', Why not 'rules' she thought and then
she saw the line below. Please apply Capt. Soames. Her job as Medical officer
aboard the MV Sobsel had more than fulfilled her wildest dreams.




4. Vicki's Story



Vicki could remember quite clearly the first moment when she realised her
unusual sexual inclination. Although at a mere eight years old, she did not
fully understand the implications of her sexual predilections, she had began to
have dreams in which she had made her nine year old brother strip naked in front
of her.

She was never able to rationalise the dreams but had always experienced an
inexplicable thrill each time she thought about them. Vicki kept her thoughts
and her dreams to herself and it was not until she was sixteen years old that
she began to understand some of her psyche.

Vicki and her brother Paul were very close and often played or read together
when they came home from grammar school. Vicki had noticed for a period of a few
months after her brothers seventeenth birthday that he would go to his room and
not emerge until tea-time. One day she had gone to his room only to find that
his door was closed.

She had bent down to the keyhole and looked into the room. At first she was
confused at what she saw. Her brother was laid naked on the bed, his back arched
and his hips thrust upward as he quickly slid his hand up and down the shaft of
his erect penis. Vicki watched enthralled as her brother masturbated.

She was even more intrigued as she watched jets of semen shoot from the tip of
his penis and land in a milky pool upon his chest and stomach.

She quietly and thoughtfully left her position at the door and went to her room.
She felt an excitement that she was unable to understand as she laid on her bed
and thought about what she had seen. She remembered quite vividly pressing her
hand hard between her legs and immediately experiencing her first orgasm. Over
the next few weeks she watched through the keyhole at every opportunity.


Vicki was a bright student at school and had an ordered an inquiring mind. Of
course she had heard all the sexual talk that goes on in school, but was not
content with the girl's talk of hearsay and innuendo.
She had one friend who she could trust. Veronica was head girl and although she
was in the year above Vicki they had become friends.

Vicki and Veronica were certainly the best looking girls in school and it was
perhaps the natural affinity of two extremely pretty girls that led to them
becoming friends. They both seemed to have the same views on a variety of
subjects and soon came to trust each other with their innermost thoughts and
secrets.

Even though Vicki trusted her friend implicitly she had still hesitated before
telling her about her brother.

It was a complete surprise and revelation to Vicki when Veronica suggested
punishing him.
"I have always fancied having someone so helpless that I could do what I like
with them. Blackmail is one of the oldest crimes, but it seems like a perfect
way of having some fun with your brother."

It was then that Vicki told Veronica of the dreams she had had from a young age.
She spared no detail and was amazed when Veronica told her that she had had
fantasies smacking and whipping both boys and girls.

"I don't think I am a sadist but I think it is a sexual turn on. I get wet every
time I think about it."
"But you don't mind which sex... I mean male or female."
"Of course not." Veronica replied. "They have to be good looking, but I decided
some time ago that I was never going to be one of those stupid girls that just
giggle and open their legs. I intend to be very much in charge of any
relationship I have. I can tell you now I have already planned my career in that
what ever I eventually decide to do, I will make sure that I am very much in
charge."


The girls laughed together, but Vicki had no delusions that Veronica had meant
what she said.

"Do you think I could get Paul in such a position as to do what I like with him
then Veronica"

"Easily, he seems quite sensitive, remember he is in my year, and where you are
quite practical, math's, physics etc. Paul is very much on the arts side and I
have always thought that he has a very sensitive nature."
Veronica looked at Vicki quite seriously and said. "It's a pity you can't get
something on that young maid of yours. I rather liked the look of her when I was
at your house the other day."

Vicki smiled at her friend. "I have got something over her, although I have done
nothing about it. I saw her hand washing some of mother's expensive underwear.
My parents are away and so I know it was Nancy who has been wearing my mother's
things."
"Well why don't we catch her out... and then we can really have some fun. What
do you think?"

Apart from catching the maid borrowing her mother's underwear they left their
plans in abeyance until the next term. Veronica, who was a keen sailor, had been
invited to take part in offshore racing in the south of England , so  would be
away for the long summer holidays.


Vicki started to visit the British library and over the next few months explored
every textbook she could find on the male reproduction system. So intrigued was
she, that before long, she was reading books on the human sexual psyche as well
as books on anatomy and physiology. Vicki became absorbed in the subject and
decided that if she could obtain the necessary grades she would study medicine.

Her study of the human sexual psyche not only gave her an insight into practices
of young boys, but also helped her understand her own predilections and sexual
development. Vicki continued to watch her brother masturbate. She took great
care, not only to ensure that she was not discovered, but to carefully conceal
her new found knowledge from her brother.

Vicki bided her time before deciding how to convert her own longings and
feelings into some tangible form. She waited until her parents would be away for
several days, a practice their parents had increased in frequency as Vicki had
turned sixteen years of age and her brother Paul seventeen. Their parents
obviously enjoyed making short trips away together, leaving herself and her
brother at home to be looked after by their young maid.

Nancy was a young Philippine woman about twenty years old. She looked after the
cooking and cleaning of the household. Apart from preparing their meals while
their parents were away, Vicki saw very little of her. That was until Vicki
quite deliberately walked into her room and demanded that she strip and show her
underclothes. Vicki had checked her mother's drawers to make sure that the items
she suspected the maid was wearing were missing. She felt certain, as it was the
maid's night off and her parents were away, that she would be wearing them to go
out.


"Don't bother to lie to me." She had addressed the young maid. "Get
your clothes off now,"

She had watched fascinated as the young maid had stripped revealing, as Vicki
had guessed her mother's panties and bra. "Well get them off... you are not
posing for your boyfriend now!"

The maid had coloured up immediately as Vicki guessed correctly the reason for
her borrowing the garments.
Vicki watched as the maid shyly unhooked the bra, revealing plump rounded
breasts as she laid the garment on the bed.

"Don't dawdle if you want to keep your job, get those panties off now." The
maid's cheeks blushed an even deeper red as she slowly slid the panties over the
swell of her hips and down her pretty thighs. She stooped to take the panties
off and as she stood up, Vicki was delighted to note that her pubis was shaved
bare.

Vicki boldly stepped forward and cupped her hand between the woman's legs. The
pubis felt soft and plump as Vicki squeezed the mound of flesh gently. She felt
her middle finger slip between the lips of the labia as she caressed the soft
flesh.

"Wet with the anticipation of a night having it off with your boyfriend are
you." Vicki moved closer as she spoke and gently took the young woman's right
nipple between the fingers of her other hand. Well you will have to go without
mother's 'frillies' won't you. In fact I will give you something to wear, bend
over the bed now, before I change my mind about getting you sacked." Vicki was
quite confident that the maid would obey.

She turned towards the dresser and picked up her mother's hairbrush. When she
turned round she was delighted to see that the maid had bent over the bed, her
pretty rounded bottom was thrust upward in the perfect attitude for a spanking.

Without preamble, Vicki brought the hairbrush down three times in quick
succession across the soft flesh of the maids young bottom.
"arggghhh...pleeease...no more" The young maid wailed as Vicki gave her three
more strokes, taking delight in the feel and the sound of the wooden hairbrush
as it bit into the pliant flesh. "Arggghhh ooooooooooh, pleeeease nooo more.

The young maid wailed, her face pushing into the soft bedding as she wiggled her
hips and bottom, trying to ease the pain of the spanking. "I will let you off
with six for the moment, but I will be asking you to do something for me in the
near future." Vicki spoke quietly but with authority as she watched the young
woman writhe upon the bed.

"Just to make sure that you understand the nature of what I may ask you to do, I
want you to turn over and play with yourself until you have an orgasm." Vicki
could not think for the life of her where she had found the courage to ask such
a thing. The words seemed to have escaped from her mouth before she had had time
to think. She watched fascinated as the young maid turned over on the bed, her
bottom rubbing against the quilted covering as she tried to ease the pain in her
bottom.

"What shall I do Miss Vicki?" Her timidly spoken words accompanied by profusely
blushing cheeks. "You know perfectly well what to do, so do it... get those legs
spread well apart, come along now I haven't got all night. Vicki remembered well
how the blushing girl had timidly pressed her hand between her legs and gently
teased the lips of her labia apart. Slowly she had pushed he delicate fingers
between the plump folds of skin, soon abandoning herself to her own
ministrations.

Vicki had watched absolutely enthralled as the young woman began to gyrate her
hips, her fingers moving faster and faster between her legs as she brought
herself to a sexual climax. Vicki had leaned forward just as the girl began to
orgasm and casually took both of the girls nipples between her fingers,
squeezing them hard as she gasped and moaned with ecstasy. Vicki watched,
fascinated as the young maid's movements became less erratic, bending over her
she whispered.

"Remember you will do what I ask, when I ask it, without question... do you
understand. The young woman nodded as Vicki leaned forwards and kissed her on
the lips forcing her own tongue deep into the maid's open mouth.

Vicki had formulated her plan quite carefully and meticulously, so much so that
she was quite calm as she bent to the keyhole of the door to watch her brother.
She observed him as he stretched himself on the bed, his body already naked as
he began to fondle his penis. She waited patiently watching him stroke his hand
up and down the shaft of his penis until it became erect. Standing up, she quite
calmly opened the door of his bedroom and stepped inside. She thrilled as a look
of pure anguish and horror appeared on her brother's face. He tried to hide his
erection, grabbing the quilt cover and then turning over so that he was laid
face down. Vicki was quite calm as she delivered her well-rehearsed line.

"What on earth are you doing, why that's filthy Paul, how could you do something
like that?." She stood looking at him, his naked buttocks were clenched and his
hand was pressed between his body and the surface of the bed as he tried to
cover himself. There was a look of pure horror on his blushing face as he turned
his head towards her. Vicki looked at him coldly. "Look at you... you are still
touching yourself. Come to my room when you have calmed down or I will ring our
parents now!"

Vicki immediately turned towards the door and left the room before her brother
had time to answer. She slammed the door shut and grinning to herself, proceeded
to her bedroom.
Vicki sat at her desk and surveyed her room. She looked again at the low beam,
which ran across the ceiling of the bedroom.

The four-story town house was one of the best examples of Georgian architecture
within Chelsea and had been lovingly preserved in every detail by her parents.
Vicki had carefully laid out several items around the room, innocent in
themselves, but an essential part of her plan. Her skipping rope was casually
hanging from the bookshelf. A three-foot ruler was placed tidily on her desk
against the pens and crayons and she had added several items to the medicine
cabinet within her en-suite bathroom.

She turned to look at her reflection in the tall Victorian free-standing mirror
and was delighted with what she saw. She had carefully brushed her blonde hair
and had tied it back in a black velvet bow. She wore the white shirt and
navy-blue tie that was part of her school uniform.

She had removed her bra and noted that the nipples of her firm breasts were just
visible through the material of her shirt as she moved her body. Her pleated
skirt was short and reached to mid-thigh, revealing most of her pretty legs. She
wore a little makeup, which she had carefully applied to accent her petite
features. Her total appearance was one of a well-groomed pretty young girl, but
with a subtle hint of both sexiness and severity.

She looked up from her desk to see her brother enter her room. He was wearing a
pair of jeans and T-shirt. She noted that he must have dressed hurriedly as he
had slipped his bare feet into a pair of moccasins and had not fastened his
belt. His face was bright red and he looked down rather than at his sister as he
shuffled, shamefaced into the room.

"You might well look like that, I cannot believe what I just saw you doing...
you didn't even lock your door, so I suppose you wanted the extra thrill of
doing it in front of me or the maid. Was that it?" Vicki was well aware that the
last thing Paul had in mind was to get caught out, but she also knew that the
extra accusation would lend further credibility to her actions.

"Please Vicki, I sorry I had no idea you would come into my room... and you know
that there is no key to the door, please don't ring our parents, I couldn't bear
it if they were to find out... I couldn't face them."

"What you were doing was disgraceful... and playing with yourself... that is
worse than being a homosexual... it is just depraved. If you had been with a
girl I could understand you being aroused, but on your own touching yourself...
urgh how awful."
Paul although a year older than his sister was completely taken aback by her
words. He felt utterly stupid and ashamed and at a loss for words.


"I am sorry I promise I will never do it in the house again... I promise."
"You are right there.." Vicki looked at him, her face cold and scathing. "You
will never play with yourself again if I have anything to do with it."

"Please don't ring Mum and Dad... I couldn't bear them to find out." Paul's
voice was almost pleading as he looked sheepishly at his sister.

Vicki looked at him and watched him drop his head in shame. "Look at me Paul and
listen to me carefully. I am not going to let you off the hook... what you were
doing to yourself is called self-abuse. It was dirty, disgusting and degrading.
I am going to make you an offer, I will make it only once and it is not
negotiable... do you understand.?"

There was a slight look of relief on her brother's face as he looked down at
her. Vicki kept her demeanor firm and severe. She knew that he would accept
anything rather than have his parents find out what he had been doing. Vicki at
the same time wanted to make sure that his attitude would be acquiescent and
malleable.

"Please Vicki... anything rather than tell Mum and Dad. I could never face them
again."
Vicki raised her head and looked her brother straight in the eye. "O.K. Listen
to me... don't speak until I have finished and then you may say whether you
accept or not. If you do not accept I will immediately telephone our parents. Do
you understand?"

Paul shuffled his feet and nodded towards his sister. He felt utterly stupid and
yet surprised and nervously impressed by his sister's attitude. Like older
brothers he had given his younger sister little thought. He was now being
subjected to a mature attitude he had not known she possessed.

"Right... the alternative is that you will be punished by me, not just punished
but humiliated too. If you protest at any part of it, I will take it that you do
not agree to it and I will immediately revert back to a telephone call to Mum
and Dad. I am not going to tell you what the punishment is, or go into any other
details. You may answer me now with a simple... Yes I accept or no I do not."

Paul looked at her and without hesitation said. "Yes I accept."
"Right, take your shirt and jeans off and give me your belt. Don't even think of
protesting or hesitating." She watched as her brother blushed profusely, his
cheeks burning bright red as he looked at her in shock.

Vicki placed her hand over the telephone on her desk as she observed her
brother's acute dilemma. She was aware that getting past this point was crucial.
She felt a thrill run through her body as he began to unbutton his shirt. She
kept her hand on the telephone as he continued undressing, eventually standing
before her in his boxer shorts. He stepped forward and placed his belt on her
desk.

Vicki immediately stood up and taking the belt moved around her desk. She
quickly took the belt and moved in front of her brother. Within a few minutes
she had bound his wrists with the belt and led him to the middle of the room
below the timber beam. She made him stand on a small stool while she hooked the
belt that was left between his wrists over the old iron cleat.

The iron cleat protruded two inches out from the beam and was about nine inches
tall. As the strap was placed over the cleat, Paul was able to drop his wrists
as the strap slid between the iron and the beam.
"You may step down now." She told him, watching him tentatively search for the
floor with his bare feet.
Once he was stood on the floor,she took the stool away and stood behind him. His
body was stretched between floor and ceiling with just enough slack to allow his
knees to bend.

"Stand still or I will tie your feet." Her sharp command caused Paul to try and
look behind him. She noted that he could only twist his body slightly, making
the effort futile. He hung his head on his chest, aware for the first time that
he was helplessly fastened.

Vicki walked around to face him. She noted the dejected expression on his face
as he looked at her helplessly. She would have liked to have stripped him naked
before she had tied him up, further adding to his humiliation. She knew however
that this would have caused protestation and delay.

She continued walking around him aware of his trepidation at what his punishment
might be. She stood behind him and placed her hand on his shoulder. His body
jerked at the sudden contact. She smoothed her hand down his back to his waist.

"Not so cocky now are we, my little 'masturbater'." She quickly hooked her
fingers into the waistband of his shorts and pulled them down to his knees.
Before he had time to protest, she had them down to his ankles. "Lift your
foot... quickly now!" Without waiting she lifted his feet one by one, taking the
shorts from around his ankles.

She stood up and threw the shorts onto the desk behind her. She leaned forward
and picked up the long ruler. She moved to his side so that she was just within
his peripheral vision. Without preamble she raised the ruler and brought it down
hard across the top of his buttocks.

Paul jerked his body as though he had been electrocuted. He threw his head back
and yelled with pain. His body twisted from side to side, his thighs rubbing
together, trying to rid himself of the pain. Vicki walked in front of him and
stood looking at him dispassionately. After a few moments he stopped writhing
and looked at his sister.

"That really hurt, I'm on fire." He almost sobbed as he looked at her. Vicki
smiled and looked down at his genitals, noting that his penis was flaccid. It
was the first time she had really been able to look at his naked body and she
took the opportunity to leisurely examine him from head to toe.

Paul blushed profusely as he realised where she was looking and attempted to
hide his genitals from her gaze by pressing his thighs together.
"I don't think you are going to behave yourself are you Paul. I think I had
better tie you a little better than I have, what do you think?"

Paul hung his head and groaned. "That really hurt, I couldn't bear another one
like that... I couldn't bear the pain."
His tone was pleading as he looked at his younger sister. Vicki was delighted
with the sight before her... her reality far better than any dream she had had.
She looked up at her brother and raising her arm lifted his chin with the end of
the rule. "You had better mend your ways then hadn't you Paul. I am going to
leave you for a moment, so that you may reflect on your hurt."

Vicki walked behind the naked boy and laid the rule on the desk. She walked from
the bedroom leaving the door wide open. She crossed to her brothers bedroom and
searching around his room, located the weights for his barbells. She picked up
two medium weights and carried them back to her bedroom. She placed them about
four feet apart behind her brother's legs. Quickly she took the skipping rope
from her bookshelf and threaded the handle of the rope through the hole of the
barbell weight and tied the end. Making a double loop she took hold of his
ankle.

"Place you feet as far apart as you can get them, come on now or I will give you
another stroke of the ruler." She ignored her brother's groans and protestations
as she looped the skipping rope around his ankle. Leaving loose rope on the
floor between his legs, she pushed his other ankle towards the second weight,
stretching his legs wide apart. She tied a second loop and knotted it before
passing the end of the rope through the weight and tying it. She stood up, her
chest heaving with the recent effort and stood back to examine her handiwork.

She noted that a livid wheal had appeared across the top of his buttocks. She
had not meant to hit him so hard or cause so much pain, but she had had no
experience to ascertain how hard to swing the ruler.

She noted that his body was trembling as she walked around him. His feet were
now slightly further back than his shoulders and she noted with glee that his
genitals hung down freely between his widely spread legs.

He raised his head to look at her as she once more stood facing him. His face
was flushed and his forehead was wet with perspiration, she raised her hand and
stoked his cheek before speaking gently to him.
"Right we are going to have a little question and answer session. If I think you
are being evasive or untruthful I will give you another smack across your bare
bottom, do you understand me?"

Paul looked at her his expression almost dazed as he hung from the beam. He
blushed once more at her words.
Vicki walked around to the desk and picked up the long ruler. She moved to stand
at his side. She gently tapped his buttocks with the ruler. "Can you feel this
Paul." She tapped the centre of his buttocks, causing him to clench the muscles.
"Yes, please don't hit me again."

"This is not part of your punishment... in fact I don't believe I have told you
how many strokes you are going to get. What ever you get now will be on top of
what I originally intended to give you, so I would think twice before you lie to
me."

Paul hung his head he seemed unable to protest anymore. Vicki smiled to her self
as she tapped his buttocks once more.

"How many times a day do you masturbate? Don't lie to me, or you will have
another mark on this bare bottom of yours." Vicki realised the shame he was
feeling each time she mentioned his nakedness. "Come along the truth now."
"er... twice..." His voice was almost a croak as he answered her.

Vicki was fairly sure that this was true. From what she had read she knew that
most males woke up with an erection or erected very soon after waking. She also
knew that Paul liked to linger in bed in the mornings and so presumed that this
was when he masturbated.

"When do you do it, come on answer me."
"er... in the mornings... and sometimes at night or when I get home from
school." His face was suffused in red from his embarrassment.

Vicki paused for a moment before delivering her final and most embarrassing
question.
"Who or what do you think about while you are doing it."

Vicki watched the look of anguish appear on her brothers face. He twisted his
head to try and look at her. "er... I don't think of anything really... I j'just
erm do it."
Vicki knew this to be a lie, not only was it obvious from his hesitation and the
evasiveness of his answer, but she also knew he had a crush on Veronica.

Vicki smiled to her self as she thought he could not have made a worse choice.
She raised the ruler and swung it against the very centre of his buttocks. She
was careful to limit the force of the blow, but still surprised to see the
violence of his reaction. She thrilled as his hips jerked forward, his penis and
testicles swinging backwards and forwards between his widely stretched legs as
he tried to alleviate the pain.

"You might as well tell me the truth, I can go on all night if necessary, so I
would think again before you lie to me."
Paul groaned, he looked utterly humiliated as he tried to turn his head towards
his sister.
"Do I have to say... please I am so embarrassed."

Vicki raised the rule but instead of striking him she held it threateningly.
"It's Veronica... erm Veronica Soames."

Vicki smiled to herself. "So you have been lusting after the head girl at school
have you and then you have insulted her by doing your dirty deeds every day. How
degrading for her, I have a good mind to tell her."
"Oh please Vicki don't. I really am sorry I promise I will never do it again...
pleeeease don't tell her."

"I afraid that you are in no position to plead for my discretion, instead you
had better prepare yourself for your punishment. In view of the affront to my
best friend I am afraid that the first part of you punishment is going to be
very painful for you. You only have yourself to blame so take it like a brave
boy."

Vicki realised the effect her words would have upon him as she watched his face
colour into a deep red blush. "Get that bottom up as far as you can." She
watched as Paul tried to push his bottom backwards, his hips quivering with fear
and trepidation.


"I am going to give you eight hard strokes... brace yourself." Vicki could not
contain the thrill she felt between her legs as she raised the ruler and brought
it down in an arc against the firm plump flesh of Paul's bottom,
"creaaaaccck" The ruler bit cruelly into the bare flesh.

Again a thrill raced through her loins as the boy's body arched in pain, his
penis and testicles swinging upwards, the pain coursing through his buttocks.

Vicki did not hesitate. She raised the ruler and brought it down across the
centre of his buttocks. She gave him no respite until she had delivered eight
hard strokes, striping his buttocks from the base of his spine to the sensitive
juncture between his bottom and the top of his thighs. She felt herself orgasm
as the boy screamed with pain as she delivered the last stroke. She pressed her
legs together as wave after wave of ecstasy flooded through her body, his
screams echoing in her ears as she relished her private pleasure.

She watched fascinated as Paul's body bucked and trembled violently in an
attempt to rid himself of the pain. His mouth was open wide, taking in gulps of
air between his anguished groans.

Vicki quickly put down her ruler and moved to his side, pressing her body close
to his she laid her hand gently across the cheeks of his bottom and whispered in
his ear. "There my poor baby, did I hurt you.... My... you are in a state. She
placed the flat of her other hand against his heaving chest, slowly caressing
the flesh as she let the hand slide down until her palm was over the pubic hair
above his penis. Deliberately she moved her hand lower, stroking the soft flesh
of his penis before taking cupping her hand under his testicles. She pulled them
forward and squeezed gently as slipped her other hand between the cheeks of his
bottom. Even through the intense pain, Paul jerked his body in anguish and
embarrassment as she handled him so familiarly.

"Please....  d'' don't." Paul blushed profusely as he felt her fingers slip
intimately between the cheeks of his bottom. He felt her press her forefinger
against the sensitive sphincter of his bottom as she deliberately squeezed his
testicles.

Vicki pushed the tip of her forefinger into the opening of his bottom, at the
same time letting go of his testicles, she took a firm hold of his flaccid
penis. She felt his entire body shiver as she pulled the skin of the foreskin
back to reveal the sensitive glans. "Not feeling quite so naughty now are we?"
She whispered to him as she began to manipulate his foreskin, drawing the timid
flesh backwards and forwards over the sensitive nerve ends of the glans.

Vicki pressed her breast against his body as she continued to manipulate his
foreskin. Her delicate fingers expertly coaxing the timid flesh. "Why Paul I do
believe your penis is beginning to erect. What sort of behaviour is that for a
young boy?"

Paul could only moan incoherently as Vicki quickened her strokes. Her finger
nails occasionally scoring over the underside of his penis as it began to erect.
"What is this then..." Vicki deliberately drew attention to his penis, causing
the boy to look down reluctantly as she took a firmer hold upon his penis and
quickly pulled the foreskin back as far as it would go.

Paul could only mutter, his voice thick with emotion as Vicki brought his penis
to a full erection. The rigid flesh stood out from his body as she played with
his penis. She pushed the forefinger of her hand harder against the opening of
his sphincter, thrilling as she felt it slide up into his bottom.

"Arggghhh" Paul gasped as he felt the slender finger penetrate his bottom. His
body trembled as his sister played with the very core of his emotions, The fire
is his bottom seemed to accent his sexual arousal. He had never experienced any
sensation to compare with what he felt now. Every touch every caress brought him
to new heights of sexual sensation. His body was stretched taught, every sinew
strained as his sister expertly used her hands upon his body.


Suddenly she withdrew her hand from his bottom and quickly took a thick rubber
band from her skirt pocket. Holding his penis firmly, she pulled the foreskin
back along the shaft and slipped the band over the head of the penis, pulling it
downwards over the rigid flesh until it was wrapped tightly around the very base
of the shaft.

She stood back and picked up the heavy ruler. A thrill ran through her body as
she moved to stand facing him. Placing her legs astride she looked at the naked
boy before her. Extending the ruler, she tapped his penis in an upward motion,
the wood making a slapping sound against the underside of the engorged flesh..



"Well my dear Paul, just look at you." She heard him groan as he dropped his
head, his embarrassment clearly written all over his face.

"Look at me Paul." Her words were spoken with a firm tone as she observed the
look of anguish upon his face.

Paul lifted his head and looked at his sister. His face was bright red and his
lips were trembling as involuntarily, he met her gaze. A tear rolled down his
cheek as Vicki once more tapped his erect penis with the wooden rule.

"You chose to expose yourself to me... now you are forced to do it, you are not
quite so happy are you?" Paul trembled before her, every muscle in his body
strained with sensation as he looked at his younger sister. He could not help
noticing her trim figure, her young breasts pressing against the crisp white
shirt of her uniform as she moved towards him. He trembled as she deliberately
extended her arm and gripped the tip of his penis with her slender fingers.

"This... my dear Paul will get you into a lot of trouble if you are not
careful., although come to think of it, you seem to be in a lot of trouble
already.!"
She carefully pushed the foreskin back, stretching the skin tightly. Paul
groaned in anguish at the utter humiliation. He felt totally exposed and unable
to control the absolute anguish he felt.

He felt his body begin to tremble uncontrollably as Vicki stretched the skin of
his foreskin back along the shaft of his penis. He felt his penis begin to
throb, nothing in his experience had prepared him for the sensation he was now
feeling. She quickly took another elastic band from her pocket and slipped it
over the head of his erect organ. She pushed it down the shaft until the
foreskin was held back, leaving the glans fully exposed.

Abruptly Vicki released his penis and cupped his testicles, squeezing them
gently before taking her hand away and standing back to look at the naked boy.

"I promised that you would be humiliated and punished Paul. I am afraid that
there is worse to come. Look at yourself, your penis is quite exposed, what a
sight you look. Look at me Paul, while I am talking to you."

Paul reluctantly met his sister's steady gaze. He blushed immediately as their
eyes met. He could feel the heat in his cheeks as she observed him, coolly
appraising his body. Paul could only watch in horror as she looked him up and
down. Her gaze resting on his erect penis. He could only groan in anguish as she
casually flicked the end of his penis with her fingers. His erection seemed to
be beyond his control, the elastic bands holding him firmly and accentuating his
utter helplessness.

"I am going to let you stand there, looking utterly foolish while I decide what
form your humiliation will take."

Paul groaned as she spoke, horribly aware of just how helpless and humiliated he
felt. He looked at Vicki, his face flushed and full of anguish. His voice was
almost pleading as he spoke. "Please Vicki... no more please..." His body
trembled with emotion as he tried to speak.

Vicki looked at him her face passive. She stood with her legs astride, her
breasts pushed against the crisp white cotton of her blouse as she placed her
hands behind her back.

"I am going to humiliate you, as you have humiliated me. You have been let off
the worst of your punishment by my silence. I should have told our parents...
and I decided not to. But you are going to be humiliated. I am going to leave
you for a while, so you may use the time to reflect upon what you have done."
She moved towards him and cupped his chin in her hand.

Looking into his eyes she placed her other hand between his legs and gently took
hold of his testicles, delicately moving the soft balls within his scrotum. She
watched him blush profusely as she held him. "You need to be taken in hand
Paul... and I am going to make sure that you are."

Vicki deliberately squeezed his testicles and then moved away from him. Silently
she walked behind him and out of the room, closing the door behind her.

Paul was in anguish, his whole body trembled as he stood spread-eagled. He could
not help looking down at his penis, which jutted out in front of him. His
erection held in limbo by the elastic bands, which she had placed around the
shaft.

His thoughts were in turmoil, he could neither think straight nor stop the
trembling of his body. The pain in his buttocks reminding him of his utter
humiliation as he vainly tried to control his emotions. He began to weep, unable
to contain the tears that welled up in his eyes and rolled down on to his
cheeks.


It was twenty minutes later that the three girls entered the room. Veronica had
hardly been able to contain her excitement when Vicki had phoned her to tell of
her success in manipulating the boy so easily. Veronica had dressed in a white
cotton shirt, her firm breasts unfettered beneath the crisply ironed garment.

Her hair was tied back into a bun at the back of her head. Groomed to
perfection, her hair shone with health. She had carefully chosen her clothes, as
had Vicki, to a studied effect of innocence. Her pleated navy skirt cut just
above the knee, displaying her long tanned legs. She had walked the short
distance to Vicki's house deliberately quelling the excitement she felt.

Veronica had walked into the room first. Behind her Vicki was prodding a
reluctant maid in the back. Nancy had been told of Vicki's plans that morning
and had been reluctant to take part, until Vicki had reminded her that if she
refused, she would accuse her of stealing her mothers clothes.

Vicki had painstakingly instructed the maid in what she would be required to do
and had made sure that she would obey her to the letter. Nancy was carrying a
small stainless steel dish, which Vicki had asked her to fetch from the kitchen.

The three girls stood behind the naked boy. Veronica admiring his lithe body,
noted with glee the wheals across his buttocks where her friend and laid her
ruler.

Paul, had heard movement behind him but was unable to turn his head. His face
was red and tear stained, his bottom lip trembling as he heard the familiar
voice of Veronica Soames.

"So Paul, you have been a naughty boy have you, playing with yourself while
imagining all sorts of filthy thoughts about me. Is that what you have been
doing?" Veronica observed the boy's buttocks clench as he heard her voice.

Paul shook and trembled in utter humiliation as he realised that Veronica
Soames, was not only present in the room, but that she could see his naked body.
In horror he looked down at himself, blushing profusely as he saw that his penis
was still semi-erect. He trembled in abject humiliation as her heard footsteps.

He turned his head as far as he could to the side, his eyes pleading to be
spared his utter humiliation. He watched as she came within his view. Her pretty
face turned towards him as she walked around and stood facing his naked body.

"Well Paul, what have you got to say for yourself. What a nasty young boy you
have been. Vicki has told me all about it, so don't try and deny any part of
it." Veronica sharpened her tone. "Look at me, when I am speaking to you, have
you no manners either,"

Veronica was well aware of every nuance of the boy's utter humiliation. She
thrilled as he raised his head, his eyes betraying his utter helplessness as he
reluctantly met her steady gaze.

His horror was such that he almost fainted as she moved towards him and
deliberately took a firm hold of his penis. She looked straight into his eyes as
she squeezed the timid flesh, noting him wince with acute embarrassment as her
fingers encircled his penis.

"Is this what you imagined me doing, holding your penis and moving your foreskin
up and down until you cum. Is that it Paul?"

Paul groaned... his humiliation complete as she gently slipped the rubber bands
off his penis, and took a firmer hold of his soft flesh.

He tired to turn his body away from her, but was unable to move more than a few
inches as she placed her other hand between his widely spread legs and gently
cupped his testicles.

Paul almost stood on tiptoe as she caressed the soft sensitive skin of his
scrotum, jiggling the testes around within the sac as she looked into his eyes.
"Do you feel quite so cocky now...mmm answer me you naughty little boy." Her
hands busied themselves on his penis and testicles as she waited for his reply.

Paul could hardly speak, his throat felt dry and his lips trembled as he tried
to form the words.

"er.. er... n'no... em" His voice trailed off as she squeezed firmly before
letting go of him.

"You may address me as Miss. I think you have already been far too familiar in
your attitude towards me, don't you think?" Her deliberate questioning of him
was designed to cause the maximum amount of embarrassment.

Paul groaned as he raised his head and looked at her, his body almost weary with
the humiliation he was feeling. He watched her look down at his penis, unable to
stop himself following her gaze. To his horror he realised that his penis was
now fully erect.

Paul managed to raise his head and look at her. Veronica was stood with her feet
apart. Her hands were clasped behind her back, accenting the firm pressure of
her breasts against the crisp cotton shirt. He managed to speak, his face
turning an even deeper red as his voice croaked an answer.

"er... no Miss... I am so sorry." He stammered his reply, his body trembling
with emotion as he watched Vicki and the maid walk around him and stand beside
Veronica.

Vicki looked at him, the excitement she felt hidden behind her firm tone. "I
will not prolong this any more than I have to Paul." She looked across at her
friend Veronica and then back to the helpless naked body of her brother.

"I have decided that you will never ever play with yourself again. I would hate
to think you were touching yourself or having filthy thoughts about my best
friend." She looked towards Veronica, their eyes meeting for the briefest of
moments and yet in that time conveying a sense of victory to each other. Vicki
turned back to Paul and continued.

"I realise that young boys build up semen in their testicles and that you are
obviously no exception. Just look at the way your penis is sticking out." Paul
blushed and averted his eyes from his sister's gaze as she deliberately and
carefully chose her words to cause the maximum amount of embarrassment to him.

"I am not prepared to take your word that you will never masturbate in this
house again and so I am going to take you firmly in hand." Again Vicki chose
words that would cause the maximum amount of embarrassment. "Therefore I have
instructed Nancy to milk you of your semen twice a day. She will, under my, or
occasionally Veronica's supervision, masturbate you once in the morning and once
after school. You will NOT touch yourself ever again while you are under this
roof. Do you understand?"

Paul could hardly believe his ears, he was near to fainting as his sister spoke
to him again. "I have decided that in return for your humiliating behaviour and
embarrassing display in front of me, that Veronica will watch while Nancy
extracts your semen from you now. I hope this will teach you a lesson. I want
your word that you will never touch or play with your own penis again while you
are living here. Come along answer me... I still have the ruler if you would
like Veronica to see you get another smack bottom."

Paul groaned, desperately trying to take charge of his emotions. His trembling
lips whispering, "I promise" as his face blushed to an almost purple hue. His
body was shaking and trembling as he watched Vicki reach into her pockets and
pull out a pair of surgical gloves. His whole body shook and trembled as he
watched her draw them on to her dainty hands, snapping the soft rubber against
her wrists and smoothing the thin rubber over her fingers. She reached into the
metal tray that the maid was holding and took a tube of lubricant, which she
daintily spread onto the fingers of her right hand.

"Now I understand that the prostrate gland is very sensitive to stimulus, so
while Nancy is manipulating your penis, I shall insert my finger into your
bottom."

Paul gasped as he heard her words, his whole body was in shock as Veronica took
the tray from the maid and led her to stand in front of him. Vicki looked at
Nancy and spoke sternly. "We will have no false modesty... so come along girl
take hold of him and get to work, Veronica will catch his semen in the dish."

Vicki watched as Nancy almost timidly took hold of the boy's penis. Her fingers
wrapping delicately around the erect flesh as she raised her other hand... and
looking to Vicki for confirmation, gently cupped her hand under his testicles.
Vicki quickly walked around the naked boy and quickly delivered three stinging
smacks to his bottom. The flesh jiggling under the force of her hand and his
buttocks immediately showed the imprint of her rubber glove.

"Relax your buttocks... I won't tell you again." Vicki slipped her hand between
his bottom cheeks and quickly located the sphincter. She teased the tight
orifice, feeling him squirm as she slipped her forefinger up into him. She could
feel the muscle close around her finger as she gently probed with her fingertip,
finding his prostate almost immediately.

Veronica looked at Nancy, noting how the girl seemed to have lost her
inhibitions as she worked the foreskin up and down the shaft of the young boy's
penis. "Now Nancy tell me when he is about to come, I don't want to sully
Vicki's bedroom by having semen over the floor."

Nancy spoke, as her hands increased their tempo upon the boy's timid flesh.
"I'll know when he is going to come Miss." Her fingers now expertly coaxing the
erect member to a greater stiffness than Paul had ever known before.

He could not contain his emotions, he gasped and groaned as the fingers of the
maid and that of his sister seemed to inflame his whole body. He grunted as
Vicki smoothed her finger over the sensitive prostate gland, pushing her entire
finger up into his bottom.

"Arrggggghhhhh... arrrrrggghhh." Paul groaned as he felt his impending climax,
his whole nervous system aflame with humiliation and sexual sensation. He could
not help the involuntary jerking of his hips as he ejaculated.
"arrggggggghhhhhh... oooooooohhhhhhhhh." He grunted and groaned as Nancy aimed
his penis at the waiting dish. Veronica held the dish with one hand as she
reached forward and pinched the boy's nipple, just as he ejaculated.

He moaned and groaned, almost in a dead faint, as Nancy milked every drop of
semen, her fingers expertly drawing up the rigid shaft of his penis, coaxing the
last globs of semen from deep within him.

He was hardly aware of what was happening as the girls untied him and led him to
a straight-backed chair. His whole body felt drained, his humiliation so acute
that his body trembled from head to foot as he sat there, his hands in his lap
as he covered his genitals.

It was some time later that Vickie spoke to him. "Stand up and put you hands on
your head. I am going to inform you of what lies in store for you from now on."

Almost wearily he stood up, looking pleadingly at the three girls as he raised
his hands and placed them on top of his head.

"Tomorrow at seven thirty prompt ... and each subsequent morning, you will,
stand naked by your bed. Veronica or myself will supervise Nancy in extracting
your semen from you.

For your information we will use various methods, one of which I have read
about, will entail you kneeling on your bed, while either Veronica or myself
insert a finger into your bottom and manipulate your prostate gland. Nancy of
course will masturbate you so that your semen is caught in a dish placed below
you. If you object or refuse to obey any of my, or Veronica's instructions you
will be thrashed and of course I will tell my parents what you were doing
earlier this evening.

"There is one other thing... as I, or perhaps Veronica will have to insert a
finger up into your bottom, I have instructed Nancy on how to prepare and
deliver an enema. As Nancy may be alone with you while she is doing this, I have
instructed her to smack your bottom should you not obey her instantly. Do you
understand?"

Vicki placed her hand between his legs and held his testicles firmly. "Come
along answer me...yes or no, I don't want to hear any other word from you." Paul
looked at his sister shamefacedly, he could barely stammer the word "Yes" as his
sister took hold of his penis with her other hand, her delicate fingers
squeezing hard against the soft flesh.

"Right you may go to your room and shower. Then I want you to lay face down on
your bed. Veronica will be through later to smack your naughty bottom."
Paul looked aghast as his sister informed him of her plans. Paul opened his
mouth to protest, but was stopped by the sharp squeeze of his sister fingers
upon his genitals.

"Off you go and think yourself lucky that you are not facing our parents right
now and explaining you actions to them."

Vicki let go of him and placing her hand on his hip turned him towards the door.
She could not resist slapping his naked bottom as he stumbled forward, almost
blinded by his embarrassment.

*******************************************************************************




5


Vickie smiled at her recollections as she moved down the ships small medical
ward. The beds were unoccupied apart from one, where Gillian, still naked, was
laid face down, her bottom raised up by two pillows beneath her hips.

As Vicki approached the bed she laid her hand gently on the girl's bottom,
noting that the livid red marks of the strap had faded somewhat.

"You poor baby, feeling any better now?" Vicki deliberately slipped her fingers
between the cheeks of the girl's upturned bottom, gently probing until she was
able to slide a delicate finger beneath the plump folds of the labia. The girl
shivered as Vicki slipped her finger into her, probing gently inside the moist
orifice.
"There you lie still, and I will have one of the nurses come and gently bathe
that sore bottom of yours."
Gillian, although thoroughly embarrassed could not contain the excitement that
swept through her at the touch of the pretty young doctor's hand. The young
nurses had already brought her to orgasm twice, once during admission, making
her stand with her legs apart, while she was being examined prior to her seeing
the doctor... and then a second time as they applied a soothing cream to her
bottom.
Vicki swirled her finger twice inside the girl and then gently withdrew her
hand. She smiled to herself as she watched the girl press her pubis against the
pillows. Vicki was well aware that the girl would be brought to orgasm once more
by the time her nurses had finished their ministrations to the girl's bottom.
Vicki had felt tingles of excitement run through her body ever since Veronica
had told her to expect a new cabin boy in for a medical inspection. Although she
had not analysed her thoughts, she knew deep down that she was really hoping
that he would be like Paul.
She patted Gillian's thigh and moved on down the ward. She had dressed
carefully, choosing a silk blouse that showed every contour of her firm breasts.
She had spent a good deal of time in front of the mirror, bending this way and
that, noting the effect of her naked breasts beneath the silk of her blouse,
finally deciding to leave a further button undone. She wore a navy skirt, dark
sheer hold-up stockings and high-heeled Gucci shoes.
She had put on a white lab coat over her blouse leaving it unbuttoned. She took
her stethoscope from her pocket and placed it around her neck as she walked into
the examination room.

Vickie could hardly contain her excitement as she saw the young boy sitting in
the middle of the room. Perfect she thought as she walked towards him, noting
that her nurses had quickly taken their cue and moved to each side of his chair,
A further thrill of excitement coursed through her body as the nurses, taking
the boy by each arm, bade him stand up. Vickie examined the lean figure standing
before her. Perfect... absolutely perfect she thought as she watched him
suddenly blush as he looked at her.  You will be blushing a lot more that that
my dear boy by the time I have finished with you, she thought as she stood in
front of him.
One of the nurses stood behind him and quickly untied the green hospital gown.
She could feel the boy tremble as she let the gown slide down his arms and
chest, leaving him totally naked as it dropped to the floor.
Peter immediately clasped his hands against his groin, covering his penis and
testicles as the gown was removed. "Stand up straight for the Doctor, there's a
good boy." The nurse's voice was soothing almost a whisper in his ear as he
stood there trembling.
He had never felt so embarrassed as the doctor moved towards him. He could not
bring himself to look at her as she stood close to him and put her hands on
either side of his neck.
"So you are Peter are you" She spoke softly to him as she smoothed her soft
fingers around his neck, ostensibly feeling his glands, but really examining his
face.
He is perfect, she thought as her hands moved down over his shoulders, feeling
the smoothness of his body and noting the firm muscle tone. She could feel him
tremble as she slipped her hands between his arms and his body, resting her
hands gently on his waist. The nurses did not need to be told what to do.
Standing on either side of him they gently took his arms and pulled them away
from his groin.
"Just stand with your arms by your sides there's a good boy and let the doctor
have a look at you." The nurse knew just how play on the young boy's feeling of
humiliation as she held his arm to the side.
Vickie lifted her stethoscope and listened to the boy's hear. The familiar
sounds of a healthy heart, racing with nervousness and embarrassment were like
music to her ears.
"Turn around for me Peter, there's a good boy.... You are going to be a good boy
aren't you." Vickie watched him blush as she spoke the words. She was absolutely
delighted with his acquiescence as he shamefacedly turned around. He clasped his
hand to his groin once more as he turned his back to the doctor, well aware of
the interested gaze of the pretty nurses.
The nurses quickly pulled his hands away from his groin and placed them at his
sides... "Now just be a good boy and let the doctor have a good look at you."
Once again the nurse's word were designed to further embarrass the boy.
Vickie was able to smile at the nurse without the boy seeing her. A look of
conspiracy passed between the two girls before Vicki looked down at the boy's
naked buttocks.
Perfect, she thought. Another thrill ran through her body as she placed the
stethoscope to his back, moving the cold metal over the boy's naked flesh. Now
for a good look at his penis and testicles, she thought as a small tremor ran
through her body. She could not help smoothing her hand down his back and over
the hillocks of his buttocks before she bade him turn around.
Peter turned around and stood facing the doctor. He groaned inwardly as she
gently placed her hands on his waist. He could not help blushing profusely as
the two nurses took his arms and raised them, placing his arms on his head. He
looked helplessly at the young woman in front of him as he looked at his naked
body.
"Legs apart for the doctor now, there's a good boy." Richard trembled even more
as the nurses placed their hands on the inside of his thighs and made him
shuffle his legs until they were widespread.

"There's a good boy, spread wide so we can have a good look at you." Vickie
spoke softly to him as she stepped forward, hiding her excitement as she gently
lifted his testicles. Her delicate touch caused the boy to tremble as she held
the soft sac of the scrotum in her hand.
"There just relax and give me a nice big cough now, there's a good boy." Peter
quaked as she gently lifted his testicles and at the same time placed the flat
of her hand against his tummy. She could feel him tremble as she drew his
testicles forward. "Now Peter, one more nice big cough and then we're through."
Vickie could see that the boy was consumed with embarrassment. His face had
seemed to brighten when se had said that she would be through.
Little did he know thought Vickie that he would be subjected to more humiliation
and domination than he had ever thought possible.
"There that wasn't so bad now was it." She let go of his testicles as he coughed
once more. She was most careful to avoid touching his penis as she took her hand
away from his tummy.
"Now Peter, I am going to examine you very thoroughly. I have to do this as we
are away at sea for long periods of time. It would be dreadful if you were taken
ill and I was not able to deal with it. So for that reason, I make sure that
everyone on board is thoroughly checked on a regular basis."
She watched his face as he blushed with embarrassment. She could tell that he
had been acutely humiliated by his experiences so far and that her words had
added to his embarrassment.
"Now I want you to start running on the spot... can you do that for me... mmm,
can you Peter?"  Her eyes twinkled as she spoke to him. Peter was utterly
humiliated by the thought of what she had asked him to do. He was completely out
of his depth. Her beauty and assertive manner played havoc with his senses,
making his reply almost inaudible.
The doctor moved back and watched him as he began to timidly move his feet up
and down. Peter was immediately aware that his penis was slapping against his
thigh as he moved. He blushed a deep red as the doctor watched his clumsy
efforts.
"Come along Peter, I want you really quite out of breath by the time you have
finished. Get those knees up and go faster, it will take you all day at that
rate."
Peter blushed once more. He could feel the heat in his cheeks as he began to
move faster, raising his knees. He was horrified to feel his penis beginning to
engorge as it slapped from side to side against his thighs.
"Come along, get your knees up higher, there's a good boy." Vickie spoke firmly
to him, watching his face blush with embarrassment, rather than physical effort.
She watched as his penis began to fill, the soft flesh slapping and jiggling
against his body as he increased his efforts.
Peter's mind was in turmoil. His penis had begun to slap upwards against his
stomach as he raised his knees higher. His breath came in gasps as he began to
tire. He was dismayed to see that the two nurses had moved forward to stand with
the doctor and now all three girls were watching him as he self consciously
continued his running on the spot.
Vickie looked down at his groin, aware that the boy's penis was almost fully
erected. She raised her hand and bade him to stop.
"O.K. Peter, I think that will do. She moved forward as he stood looking
hopelessly embarrassed. A thrill ran through her body as she placed the
stethoscope in her ears and moved to stand close to him. She could feel his hot
breath against her cheek as she placed the stethoscope on his chest.
"Now breathe deeply and let me listen to your chest." Her words were softly
spoken as she deliberately placed her hand on his hip, keeping the boy close to
her as she moved the stethoscope over his chest and listened to his lungs.
"Turn around, there's a good boy." Vickie could feel his erect penis brush
against her hip as she let the stethoscope drop and placed her other hand on his
hip, turning him away from her. She moved even closer, letting her breasts brush
against his back, before placing the stethoscope against his back.
"Nice deep breaths now, there's a good boy."
Peter was beside him self with abject humiliation. His body had began to tremble
as he felt the doctor casually place a cool hand against his waist. He was
acutely aware that he was completely at her mercy.
"That seems fine." She said brightly as she once more placed both hands on his
hips and turned him to face her.
"We are nearly done and so far you have been a very good boy." She looked into
his eyes, causing him to blush once more as she spoke to him.
"You are a well-behaved young boy, aren't you Peter." Her words caused a further
blush as she placed her hand on his cheek. "You seem a little hot. Is it too
warm in here for you. You don't think you have a temperature do you?"
Every word she spoke seemed to heighten the boy's complete embarrassment. His
face was bright red and he could feel his cheeks burning. He could not help
looking at her, noting her breasts pressed against the silk of her blouse and
the swelling of the firm flesh of her breasts as the material parted, showing a
deep cleavage.
"Right Peter we are nearly done and you seem fine." She watched the relief on
his face as she said those words. She waited before speaking again, admiring his
lithe body as he trembled before her.
"Now, the nurses are going to put you on the examination table and I am going to
have a look in your ears and check your eyes. After that I will check your tummy
and then apart from taking your samples we are all done. How does that sound,
not too bad is it? A big boy like you should be able to manage that."
Peter felt his bottom lip tremble as he looked at her. Her words and manner had
reduced his stature to that of a child. He could hardly see through his haze of
embarrassment as the nurses gently took his hands and led him to the table.

He could hardly cope with putting one foot in front of the other as they stood
him against the table. He was miserably aware that his penis was still erect as
he stood with his tummy pressed against the cold chromium sides of the table.
The strong overhead lights were suddenly switched on and illuminated the table
brightly.
He looked at the stirrups at the far end of the table and at the tray of
stainless steel instruments on the trolley placed to the side.
The nurses helped him up onto the crisp sheet, which covered the surface of the
table. He trembled as they laid him down flat, horribly aware of his penis,
which although not quite erect, still stood out from his body, pointing towards
his tummy.

The nurse spoke gently to him as she took his arm. "I am just going to take your
blood pressure and then doctor wants a small sample of blood from you. The nurse
busied herself with taking his blood pressure. While the tourniquet was inflated
he felt a small prick in his vein. He winced slightly as she drew a vial of
blood. She continued with pressure reading and placed a small plaster on his
arm.

"There now, that wasn't so bad was it?"
The nurse leaned over him pressing her hand onto his chest. "Doctor is just
going to look in your eyes and ears, so just lie still for her, there's a good
boy."
The nurse's pretty face was almost touching his as she leaned over him. Peter
blushed at the close proximity of the pretty girl, unable to stop himself from
blushing once more. He lay back and looked at the strong overhead lights, which
illuminated the table.
He felt gentle hands against his face as the doctor turned his head to the side
and placed a device to his ear. Her soft breasts pressed against his arm as she
leaned over him.
Her perfume invaded his senses as she moved his head to and fro. Her long
delicate fingers were soft against his cheek as she placed the instrument down
on the trolley and took a small torch, which she shone into his eyes. Her close
proximity and the softness of her breasts, as she leaned over him, caused his
penis to begin to engorge once more. His bottom lip trembled as she stood back
and looked at him.
"There now, I am just going to palpitate your tummy and then we are nearly
finished, O.K?" She smiled down at him, thrilled with what she saw. His penis
was almost erect and stood out from his slim body. His skin shone with
perspiration as he lay under the strong lights. She noticed that his legs were
pressed tightly together, hiding his testicles although able to do nothing about
his penis which was almost erect.
He blushed as she deliberately placed her hand against his tummy. The nurses had
moved to his side and had taken hold of his wrists pulling his arms slightly
away from his body. She looked at his face noting the look of utter dismay as
she began to feel his tummy.
Her soft hands moved over him, pressing and kneading the flesh. She knew full
well that her soft touch was playing havoc with his senses. She moved her hands
down his body, her fingertips teasing the pubic hair as she continued her
examination.
She looked at his face, to see that his lips were trembling and that his eyes
were now tightly shut. She smiled at the nurses as they followed her gaze.
"Right that seems fine, I will let the nurses get you ready for your samples and
then you are finished, how's that?"
Peter was in turmoil. He was aware that his penis stood up, no longer touching
his body. He opened his eyes, confused at her words. As yet he was not alarmed,
like most people he knew little of medicine and had had only two previous
examinations in his life. Both of these and been somewhat cursory affairs.
He watched as the doctor moved away from the table and the nurses placed their
hands under his shoulders.
One of the nurses spoke softly to his as she helped him to sit up. There now
nearly finished.. just scoot down the bed a little will you so that you can sit
up with your legs hanging over the end. There's a good boy."
Peter brightened visibly at the thought that his examination would soon be
finished. He quickly sat up and shuffled to the end of the examination couch. He
sat upright with his hands over his groin trying hard to hide his erect penis.
Although nervous and embarrassed, he did not seem unduly alarmed until the
second nurse pulled the stirrups round and stood in front of him.
His expression turned from mild curiosity to abject dismay as she calmly placed
her hands on his knees. "Right young man just lay back as you are."
Peter did not know what to think as he lay down, acutely aware that although his
hands were covering his penis, the nurse could see between his legs. He blushed
as the second nurse took his wrists and placed his arms so that they were
stretched out behind his head. Before he could protest the other nurse had taken
his leg and placed it in the stirrup high above the end of the table. He
shivered with dread as she placed his other leg in the opposite stirrup and then
moved the posts forward so that his knees were bent towards his chest.
"There just relax and I'll get doctor to just come and take a sample." Peter
blushed profusely, acutely aware that he was rudely on display. He could feel
his testicles hanging down between his legs and was embarrassingly aware that
his bottom cheeks were stretched wide and exposed. He looked down his body
acutely aware that his penis was standing out between his legs.
It had happened so quickly that he had hardly been given time to protest. His
voice was cracked and dry as he spoke to the nurse.
"Er..er.. what sample Miss? I gave a urine sample earlier." His voice stammered
and he was trembling with embarrassment as the nurse fastened his ankles into
the stirrup.
"The doctor will tell you, don't worry Peter, she is not going to hurt you."
Peter looked at the nurse in anguish as she finished fastening his ankles within
the stirrups. He shivered as she placed her hand gently against his tummy. The
softness of her hand so casually placed, accenting his utter helplessness and
complete inability to preserve any modesty.
His lip trembled as the doctor walked around the table and stood between his
widely parted thighs. He looked at her in horror as she pulled a rubber glove on
to one hand and casually applied lubricant from a tube onto one finger of her
gloved hand.
At the same time the nurse walked around to the head of the table and leaned her
body over, pressing her soft breasts against his upturned hands and holding his
elbows firmly.
The nurse whispered to him as she pressed her body down, holding his arms firmly
in place. "Just relax, it will all be over soon, there's a good little boy."
Peter began to tremble as the doctor placed her bare hand casually on the inside
of his thigh. The second nurse bent forward under the stirrup holding his right
leg and gently placed her hands on each bottom cheek. Without warning, she
stretched the soft flesh of his bottom cheeks apart, completely exposing the
rosebud of his sphincter.
Peter was in anguish as the doctor pressed her finger against the tender flesh
of his sphincter. "I am just going to extract a sample of semen from you so just
be a good boy and try and keep still." Her finger moved sensuously between the
cheeks of his bottom as she spoke. "There, there... you relax now, don't fight
it."
Her words designed to cause him the maximum of embarrassment as she pushed her
finger against the tightly closed muscles of his sphincter.
Peter began to tremble and shake as the doctor teased the virginal opening of
his bottom, her finger sending waves of sensation through the young boys body as
she teased open the sphincter. She slid her finger in easily and quickly rotated
it until she found the plump flesh of the prostate gland. She began to slowly
rub the tip of her finger over the soft tissue as she cupped her hand under his
testicles and held them gently. 
Vickie was acutely aware that the boy was already so aroused that it would not
be long before he ejaculated. As if on cue the nurse let go of the cheeks of his
bottom and took a small stainless steel container. She moved to the side of the
bed and almost nonchalantly took hold of his penis. She pulled the foreskin back
until the skin was tightly stretched and them moved her hand up in a milking
motion.
The doctor looked at the body of the trembling boy as he lay before her. She
spoke softly, her words designed to arouse his senses. "There, just relax now,
it will all be over soon. Don't fight it."
Peter lost all control. The soft hands of the doctor and nurse had aroused him
to such a pitch that he began to ejaculate. His head thrashed from left to right
as they manipulated him to fever pitch.
"There's a good boy... let's have it all from you. Just let it all come. My you
are a good boy."
Her words were soft and soothing as she pressed hard against his prostate before
quickly stabbing her finger three times in rapid succession against the plump
internal gland, causing his hips to jerk upwards and his bottom to almost lift
off the examination table. Her other hand squeezed his testicles, pulling them
upward as her fingers encased the scrotum.
At that same moment Mari looked at Sarah and nodded. Sarah immediately released
her grip on the boy's elbows and moved around the table, taking the nubs of
flesh of his nipples between her finger and thumb. She watched for the exact
moment of ejaculation and then squeezed his nipples hard. She leaned forward,
her face just inches from his and whispered.
"There my brave boy, just relax now."
The nurse watched as the boy's semen shot into the container. She rapidly milked
him, squeezing her fingers hard against the rigid shaft of his penis as she
stroked upward, bringing the last globules of semen to the surface.
She placed the container on the trolley and took a tissue. She felt the boy jerk
his hips with sensation as she carefully wiped the tip of his penis.

Peter was in turmoil, his breath sounding ragged and laboured as he fought the
sensations he felt within his body. They had in a few short minutes reduced him
to a quivering, highly-strung nervous wreck. He could not control the shaking of
his limbs or the quivering of his lips. Tears of emotion coursed down his
reddened cheeks as he lay there utterly at their mercy.
Every nerve of his body had been stretched to breaking point. He was acutely
aware of every touch as the doctor gently withdrew her finger from his bottom.
He felt the gentle hands of Mari stroking his tummy as Sarah leaned over placed
a kiss on his trembling lips.
He felt his penis being lifted gently from his tummy and looked down to see the
doctor delicately pull his foreskin down the shaft of his penis and examine the
sensitive glans.
"There Peter, you have been a good boy." She laid his penis back against his
tummy and walked around the table.
"I am sorry if you were embarrassed Peter, but I do need to see that you are
healthy. The nurses will unfasten you and the I am going to let you rest for a
while." She reached down and carefully lifted his testicles in her hand. Peter
blushed with embarrassment as she looked into his eyes. "Your testicles are
still very full, so we will need to empty them again before I can check you
properly. When you are rested the nurses will take you next door into the lab
and the lab nurse will take another sample."
Peter blushed profusely, as she rolled his testes within her fingers, her
delicate touch causing Peter to groan with embarrassment and humiliation. She
let go of him and patted him gently on his cheek, her hand brushed against his
trembling lips before she moved away from the examination table.
He watched as the nurses unfastened his legs and helped him to move along the
table until he was laid flat, with his arms by his side. Sarah placed a towel
over his waist and the bent over him, her firm breasts pressed against his
chest.
Don't worry Peter it will be all over soon and then you can go and get fitted
for your nice new uniform. She patted his cheek and both nurses moved away,
leaving him to gaze up at the strong lights above him.
He was hardly able to form coherent thoughts, his embarrassment was such that he
felt he was in a stupor. He closed his eyes - and with the combination of the
fatigue induced by his long walk that morning and his prolonged humiliation at
the hands of the medical unit, he fell asleep.

It was over thirty minutes later that he felt the nurse's hand gently press
against his shoulder and wake him. "Right up you get and I will take you through
to the lab. Look Mari has brought you a drink. So sit up and have your drink."
Mari handed the drink to him as he sat with his legs over the side of the table.
He had been careful to keep the towel over his groin, but still could not help
blushing as he looked at the two nurses.


The nurses walked either side of the naked boy. Sarah had removed his towel and
had held his arms as she helped him from the table. She could feel his body
trembling as they both led him through to the laboratory. Although the nurses
held his arms, Peter had clasped his hands in front of his penis and testicles.
As they entered, Peter blushed once more as a pretty young girl greeted them.
She looked so young and Peter could not believe that she could be any older than
himself. Her slim body was dressed in a thin cotton lab coat. The hem of which
came only to mid-thigh, showing her tanned legs. She looked up at him and smiled
her neat face and thin-framed glasses giving her a studious air as she looked
into his eyes.
The neck of her tunic was cut low and peter could see her small firm breasts as
the material sagged open. Over her right pocket was a badge, which simply said
'Simone Barr'
The room was small, with cases of instruments and jars neatly placed on chrome
and glass shelves which covered three of the walls. In the centre of the room
was a low medical couch, which was covered, in a white sheet.
A tray of instruments had been placed on the chromium plated metal desk, which
stood to the side of the examination couch. He watched the pretty girl as she
stepped in front of him.
She spoke, her voice soft and with a faint trace of merriment. "Ah you are the
lamb for the slaughter then?" She smiled at him. "Don't worry, I won't hurt you,
I am just going to take a little sample from you, come over here and stand in
front of me." She went to a straight-backed chair and sat down, looking at him
as the nurses led him over to stand in front of her.
She sat primly with her bare knees pressed together. She looked up at him and
smiled. "Well Peter, I can hardly have a look at what I need to see if you have
your hands covering yourself." The nurses standing at each side of him took his
wrist and raised his arms, placing his hands firmly on top of his head. Peter
blushed profusely as the nurses uncovered him. He could not believe that a girl,
almost the same age as himself could be doing such a thing.
"Now, stand with your legs wide apart for me, there's a good boy. I want to feel
between your legs, so get them nice and wide." Peter blushed, utterly abashed at
the young girl.
He flinched as she raised her hands and firmly took hold of his testicles. Her
hands were cool and soft, sending shivers down his spine as she fondled his
testicles in a familiar fashion. "You are not going to be shy with me are you?"
She said as she took his penis and delicately held it between finger and thumb,
pulling the foreskin back along the shaft."
Peter blushed once more, unable to cope with the emotion of his acute
humiliation at the hands of the young girl. He jerked his hips as she let his
penis go and once more hefted his testicles in her hand, jiggling the soft balls
within the sac.
"I think I can empty you sufficiently in one go, but I will need your full
co-operation, Peter." He blushed as she looked up at him. He could see her
breasts as the vee of her tunic moved away from her body as she moved. He could
not help looking down at her hands as she held his testicles, pulling the
scrotum forward as she examined them.
He blushed profusely as she gave his testicles a squeeze before letting them go.
She stood up, her breasts brushing against him and moved over to the other side
of the examination table. "Right Peter, I want you on the table on your hands
and knees. Facing that way." She pointed to the opposite end of the table, so
that he would be facing away from her desk." He blushed and stumbled over to the
table, almost resignedly letting the nurses position him. His face was bright
red and his body was trembling as they finally got him into position. He could
not cope with the embarrassment. His body trembled and he could feel the tears
well up in his eyes as knelt upon the table. They had spread his legs wide apart
so that his knees were almost at each side of the broad table. He had been made
to go down on his elbows and a firm padded support had been placed under his
chest to lessen the weight on his arms.
Almost immediately Simone had moved behind him and without preamble, had started
to smear lubricant around the entrance to his anus. He felt one of the nurses
gently stroke his back, her fingers softly following his spine and then the soft
palm of her hand stroke tantalisingly over the soft skin of his upturned
buttocks.
Peter grunted as suddenly the young laboratory nurse pushed her finger against
his sphincter. He could not help trying to clench his buttocks as she pressed
firmly against the tightly closed opening. Peter trembled as he tried to evade
her finger. He jolted in surprise and humiliation as the young girl smacked him
firmly on his upturned bottom. "Now Peter, I want you to co-operate fully. If
you don't I will have to insert a catheter into your penis. So just be a good
boy now, will you."
Sarah looked at him as the nurse smacked him, she felt a thrill run through her
body as the boy turned bright red and began to tremble visibly. She sat down on
the end of the couch in front of his head. She took his head gently in her hands
and shuffled her bottom towards him and lifted his head. She pulled up the hem
of her white tunic so that she could lay his head to the side as it rested
against her bare thighs.

She began to stroke his cheeks, brushing away the tears of humiliation. She
caressed his shoulders, her soft hands stroking him as one would a wounded
animal. There, just relax your bottom and it will all be over before you know
it. She held his head tightly as she saw Simone nod to her, feeling the boy
grunt as suddenly Simone's finger slipped up into his bottom.
"Now just relax Peter, there's a good boy. Simone spoke firmly to him as she
rotated her finger applying lubricant inside the tight orifice of his bottom.
Peter began to tremble violently as Mari reached beneath him and took hold of
his testicles. She placed a metal dish beneath him and then grasped his penis
firmly. Now just relax your bottom a little more for Simone so that she can get
at you properly. Mari began to manipulate his penis, pulling the foreskin down
over the glans and then quickly pushing it back up until the skin was stretched
tight. She felt the boy begin to tremble violently as Simone pushed firmly
before withdrawing her finger from his bottom,
She picked up an object from the tray on her desk. It was a black shiny rubber
cylinder, about two and a half inches long with a bulbous end. The body of the
Anuco device tapered to a small waist of about a quarter of an inch diameter and
then flared to a flange. The front of the device was rounded and at the back of
the object there were two plastic tubes, one which was attached to a small
compressor. The second tube was attached to a small rubber bulb, which when
squeezed, would inflate the bulbous tip. The middle of the tubular device was
made of a soft concertina rubber. Simone was well used to using the insert. She
had used it in the bottoms of several of the girls on board ship as well as the
previous cabin boy. She pressed her foot down on the start button, which was on
attached to the top of the compressor. She waited until the hiss of compressed
air quieted to tell her that the cylinder was full. She moved the valve on the
back of the device and watched as the bulb of black rubber moved slowly
backwards and forwards, extending the device to six inches in length. She
squeezed the bulbous tip until it was deflated and then turned off the valve and
looked at the two nurses. Both Sarah and Mari nodded to her as she placed the
Anuco in between the bottom cheeks of the trembling boy.
Mari, let go of the boy's now erect penis and leaned over him. She placed her
hands gently against his bottom cheeks and stretched the buttocks apart. She
felt him tremble beneath her as Simone touched the entrance to his anus with the
tip of the Anuco.
Sarah held his shoulders and whispered softly to him. "Now just try and relax
your bottom... let the muscles go slack and this won't hurt a bit." Peter
trembled at her words and at the increasing pressure of the device pressed
against his bottom.
Simone squeezed more lubricant on to the end of her finger and smeared the
entrance to his bottom, pushing her finger hard against the sphincter. She
watched as the device pressed open the muscle, stretching the skin over the
rounded tip. She pushed harder and observed the muscles of the boy's sphincter
contract over the slim taper. She smiled as she heard him grunt with the rude
intrusion to his bottom. The device was now firmly fixed, the sphincter
compressed against the narrowest part of the tube.
Peter felt his bottom being penetrated, his anguish swelled by the sharp words
of the laboratory nurse as she addressed him.  "There that didn't hurt a bit did
it. I am going to make you ejaculate now, I want you to try and relax and let it
happen. If you do as you are told I will only have to do this once. Are you
going to be a good boy?" Peter could hardy bring himself to answer. He managed
to stammer as Sarah gently stroked his head, her fingertips gently teasing the
hair on the back of his neck.
 "er... er.. yes.. er Miss." His voice was cracked and his lips trembled as he
spoke.
As if on cue, several things happened at once. Mari placed her hands beneath the
boy and began to gently stroke his tummy, her hands moving over his skin
sensuously. She stroked gently, her long fingers moving through his pubic hair,
over his tummy and upward to caress his nipples. Sarah held his shoulders firmly
with one hand while caressing the back of his neck with the other. She watched
as Simone squeezed the rubber bulb of the Anuco insert. She could feel the boy
try and rear up as the bulbous tip of the insert was inflated inside him. She
felt his body tremble from head to foot as Simone casually squeezed once more
knowing full well how large the bulbous tip inside him would be inflated. She
nonchalantly stroked her hand over his buttocks before sitting down at the end
of the examination table.
She gently took hold of his testicles in one hand, and then wrapped the fingers
of her other hand around the erect shaft of his penis. "Right Peter, we are all
ready, try and be a good boy and let yourself relax. You will feel some movement
in your bottom, it is merely to help you ejaculate fully. Are you ready?" Simone
knew that her words were causing the boy to blush profusely, she could feel his
penis throb between her fingers as she stretched the foreskin upward, her hand
eventually pressing against his pubic hair as she exposed the glans fully.
The expert manipulation of his penis by the laboratory nurse and the skilful
hands of Mari and Sarah stroking his body, had his nerves on a knife edge. He
groaned as Simone used her hands, expertly ensuring that she produced the
maximum amount of sexual sensation within his body as he knelt with his legs
widely spread. He was almost beside himself, his mouth open wide and gasping for
breath as the girls played with his deepest emotions. Simone felt the first
quickening throb from his penis as she began to move her hand more rapidly. She
immediately squeezed his testicles and tapped her foot on the button of the
compressor. Mari saw Simone press the switch and quickly drew her hands from
underneath the trembling boy, pressing hard against the small of his back. She
felt him try and rear up as the insert expanded inside him, pushing the inflated
bulbous tip up into his anus.
"arrgggghhhhhhhhh ooooooohjhhhhhHHH "  He bucked and writhed unable to escape
the myriad of sensations he felt throughout his body. The Anuco insert moved
methodically back and forth inside him as Simone expertly manipulated his penis.

"Arrrggggghhhhhhh.... Arrrggghhhhhh... arrrggghh" He screamed and gasped for
breath as Simone manipulated him to the point of ejaculation. Quickly she
motioned to Mari as the boy began to ejaculate into the stainless steel tray
placed beneath him. Mari raised her hand and quickly delivered three stinging
slaps to his buttocks. Although the boy was frantic with sensation, Simone's
voice was cool and calm as she spoke to him. "There's a good boy, let it all
come out... my you are a good boy." Her softly modulated voice and her words of
praise causing him even greater sensation. Simone watched as squirt after squirt
of semen was ejaculated into the waiting dish. "Arrrgggggggghhhhhhh...
pleeeeeeaaasseee...  mmmm...iiisss... mm miss." Peter cried, his whole being
racked by the agony of the ecstasy.

He was shaking from head to foot as Simone casually squeezed his testicles,
before taking her hand away and squeezing the rubber bulb. She watched unmoved
as his head reared up from Sarah's lap and he screamed. 
"Arrrrrrgggggghhhhhhh...arrrrrrggggggghhhhh." His body was trembling and shaking
violently as the inflated insert methodically moved backwards and forwards
inside him.
His hips shuddered involuntarily as Simone extracted the last vestiges of his
semen. She tapped her foot against the compressor switch and turned the valve on
the bulb, releasing the air from inside the inflated rubber head of the insert.
"There, there you are a good boy, I am just going to squeeze you and then we are
all done." Mari and Sarah held his body firmly as Simone deftly squeezed her
finger against the base of the shaft of his penis and milked him. At the same
time she squeezed his testicles, her delicate fingers encircling the entire
scrotum. Mari took her cue and without preamble pulled the Anuco insert from the
boy's bottom. She knew his sphincter would be stretched wide over the thicker
part of the insert as it was pulled out.
"ArrrrrrggggghhhhhhHHHHH." Peter screamed as he felt the consecutive pain in his
testicles and his bottom. He shuddered as his penis throbbed with a dry
ejaculation.  "There's a good boy... my you have been a good boy." Simone cooed
as she gently released the pressure on his testicles and lessened her grip upon
his penis. Sarah stroked the boy's face gently, his distraught state eliciting a
pang of sympathy from her as he trembled and gasped for air.

The girls held him for several moments before turning him over and laying him
gently on his back. Mari wet a cloth with warm water and began to bathe his
penis, carefully avoiding the sensitive glans. She parted his legs and wiped his
bottom as one would a child. "There you rest now and then, after the doctor has
seen you, you can go and get measured for your nice new uniform...mmm?
She noted the tears of relief in his eyes as they calmed and soothed him with
their gentle touches and softly spoken words.

It was perhaps ten minutes before Peter was once more standing in front of the
doctor. The nurses had helped him from the examination table and had, much to
his embarrassment, held his penis forward and washed his genitals with a
flannel.
"There that's better", the doctor said brightly as she cupped her slender
fingers around his testicles. "They are still rather full, but I can feel the
spermatic cords sufficiently to be able to pronounce you fit and healthy. Now
the nurses will take you through to the front office and after you have had your
vitamin injections someone will take you to get you your uniform."

Peter was blushing profusely as the doctor hefted his testicles once more,
before letting him go. She put her hand under his chin and looked him in the
eye. She was delighted with what she saw, his youthful face suffused in red...
his eyes timid and acquiescent, a perfect find, she thought as she patted his
cheek before she gestured to the nurses that they could take him. She resisted
the temptation to slap his firm buttocks as they turned him around and led him
out of the surgery.


Peter could not help trembling as the nurses, led him through the surgery door
and into the front office. He managed to hold his hands in front of his genitals
as he once more faced the young secretary. The nurses, who were standing on each
side of him, took his wrists and placed his arms by his sides. He blushed
profusely as she coolly looked him up and down, her gaze dwelling on his
genitals before once more looking him straight in the eye. "Stand up straight
Peter, there's a good boy". Her words brought him more humiliation as he stood
trembling before her. "I will take care of him now, if you would bring the B,D
and C." She smiled at the nurses as she spoke. Peter stood facing her, his hands
tightening against his sides as the nurses left him and walked back through the
surgery door. He wanted, more than anything to cover himself and yet he dare
not.  Instead he looked down at his feet, feeling unable to look at the young
girl. "Right young man, come over here and let me see to you." Nicki was well
aware of the effect of her words upon the trembling youth. She took his arm and
led him to her desk. He was acutely aware that his penis was beginning to
engorge as she laid a hand on the hillock of his bottom cheeks, holding his arm
with her other hand. "Right, bend over the desk... put your hands on the edge
and place your feet apart .She watched his face colour up to an even deeper red
as she reluctantly stretched out his arms and placed them on the edge of the
desk. Nicki bent over the trembling youth, her breasts pressing against his back
as she pushed his arms  out from his body so that his head was almost touching
the desk. "Now lets have your legs spread wide apart" She stood up and
deliberately slapped the cheeks of his bottom, before he was able to move. "Come
along now, get those legs nice and wide." Richard trembled with embarrassment as
he shuffled his feet until they were well spread. Nicki knelt on one knee and
tapped the inside of each thigh as she prompted him. "Come along... you can do
better than that." She placed the flat of her palm against the cheeks of his
bottom, as if intending slapping him again. She felt him begin to tremble as he
struggled to spread his feet even further apart. Peter was acutely aware that
the girl now had a perfect view of his penis and testicles as she knelt behind
him. To his horror she casually cupped his testicles in the palm of her hand,
her smooth fingers causing his body to jerk as she rolled the testes in her
fingers. "Keep still, you are not going to disobey me again are you young man?"
Peter could hardly speak through his haze of embarrassment. "err... no...er
miss" His humiliation now manifested in the bright red cheeks of his face and
his stammering voice. He could not help gasping as the young girl's slender
fingers firmly squeezed his testicles. He felt his penis begin to stiffen to a
full erection as suddenly the door behind him opened and to his further dismay
he heard the sound of another woman's voice.
"What have you got there Nicki?" The woman laughed as she moved into the room
and greeted the young secretary. Peter began to tremble visibly at the utter
embarrassment of being bent over the desk naked acutely aware of his widely
spread legs and the view the woman would have of him. Nicki turned and smiled at
the woman, giving Peter's testicles a squeeze before letting go of him. "A
naughty young man that won't lift his bottom up for his injections. Are you
ready for him?" Joan smiled at the young girl. She already knew the humiliation
that the young man must have suffered during his medical and was not the least
bit surprised to see his blushing face, or for that matter, to see him bent over
the reception desk with his legs spread obscenely apart, or that he was stark
naked. She could clearly see the rosebud of his sphincter and that his penis was
erect. She looked at Nicki and gave an approving look.
"Well you don't seem to be having any trouble in handling him." She laughed as
she walked to stand beside the naked boy and look down at his blushing face.
Peter could not help looking at her as she bent her head forward so that her
pretty face was in his line of vision. "My, you are a good looking young man, I
am sure the girls will be delighted when they get a look at you." Peter shivered
as the woman placed a hand gently on his shoulder, her lovely face now only
inches from his as she spoke softly to him. The sweet scent of her perfume
pervaded his senses as she stroked her hand over his back. "Now you let the
nurses attend to you and then I am going to fit you for your new uniform." Peter
could barely mumble a reply as he felt his penis begin to throb violently.
His trembling became more pronounced and he began to shiver as once more the two
nurses came back into the room. His embarrassment knew no bounds as he felt
their hands upon him. Softly stroking the cheeks of his bottom before antiseptic
was applied to his tender flesh. They swabbed both buttock cheeks before he
suddenly felt the sting of a needle enter the soft flesh of his bottom. A second
then a third needle quickly followed causing him to try and rear up with the
pain as both nurses simultaneously injected him with vitamin. Nicki placed her
hands on his shoulders, preventing him from moving as the syringes were emptied
into his quivering bottom. He felt them rub his cheeks as the needles were
removed. "There now you are all done, up you get and Miss Crawford will measure
you for your uniform. Through his haze of utter embarrassment, Peter was aware
of gentle hands lifting his body up from the desk and turning him to face the
new woman. His face was bright red, as he stood naked in front of her, utterly
humiliated and drained of any pride he shivered as she looked down at his
genitals. He could not help following her gaze, acutely aware of his throbbing
erection as she examined him. "Well you are a fine looking boy, I am sure you
will be a credit to the ship in your new uniform." She smiled at him, watching
him blush as she caught his eye. "My you are a shy one."

"Oh, sorry Miss Crawford" Nicki interjected as she watched the woman examining
the boy from head to foot. "I just have to do the visuals for his records, it
wont take a moment" "Come along Peter, I have just one more thing to do before
you are finished." Nicki looked at his blushing face and then lowered her head,
looking downward towards his genitals. She took him by the arm and led him to a
door at the far end of the office. Peter stumbled forward feeling totally
humiliated and dazed as she pushed him through the door. "Now stand and face me,
there's a good boy... and stand with your feet together."
Peter was found himself standing in a narrow corridor. Bright lights shone above
and to the side of him. He could not see the beyond the light and so was unaware
of the pedestal tripod or the remote controlled Nikon digital camera that was
focussed upon his naked body. "Right young man stand up straight." She said as
she put her hand under his chin and lifted his head. "Now lets have a look at
you." Peter blushed profusely as the girl let go of his chin and stroked her
hand down across his chest and tummy before deliberately cupping his testicles
in the palm of her hand. "Stand straight, I won't tell you again."
She said sternly as she pulled his scrotum forward and away from his body,
placing her other hand on his throbbing penis. "Keep still now." Deftly she
pushed the foreskin back along the shaft of his penis. "Now stay completely
still, there's a good boy. Quickly she took a small controller, which was
hanging just inside the door and stepped away from the naked youth. "Completely
still now until I say you can move. She pressed the shutter control twice and
then moved towards Peter. "Right face to the left, as you were before, but
spread your legs apart, come along, quickly now. She helped position the boy,
aware of his utter humiliation and helplessness.
"Chin up, that's the way now, she deliberately tapped his penis several times
with tips of her fingers, watching as even more blood flowed into his straining
manhood. She took two more exposures and placed the controller back on its hook.
"Right young man, you can go with Miss Crawford and get your uniform. She took
his arm and led him back into her office. She noted with delight that his penis
swung from side to side as he walked.
Peter blushed once more as he faced Miss Crawford. He could not help looking at
her beautiful face as once more she examined him from top to toe. She turned to
the young secretary and gestured towards the naked youth. "Do we have a gown for
him, I will have to take him down the corridor to the work room?
"I will get you one." Nicki replied, her eyes sparkling with amusement. He
doesn't seem to be able to control himself at all does he? Peter blushed once
more at the reference to his erection. He had been so nonplussed at the
preceding events that he had given no thought as to whether to ask to leave or
to offering any resistance to his prolonged humiliation. He stood quietly, his
body trembling and occasionally shivering with emotion as Nicki returned from
the cupboards with a green hospital gown. Quickly she placed his arms in the
sleeves and moved behind him to do up the ties at the back. Deliberately she
left the bottom two ties undone, so that his bottom was plainly visible.

Peter looked down at himself. His erect penis was pushing out the front of the
hospital gown. He groaned with horror as he realised that that the gown was only
just long enough to cover his genitals and that his erection was pushing the
material out in front of him. He groaned inwardly as Miss Crawford gently took
his arm and led him into the corridor.

The room was large and brightly lit. There were several workbenches set across
the middle of the room; these were surrounded by freestanding shelves upon which
were neat piles of clothing. The walls of the room were completely covered with
chromium plated cupboards and shelves containing shirts, trousers, socks, deck
shoes and underwear. Below the shelves, uniforms were hung from long brass
rails. The worktable tops held a variety of sewing machines, presses and
assorted rolls of materials. It was not these things that caught Peter's eye as
he was led into the room, but the tree young girls that were seated behind the
workbenches. He could not help blushing profusely as they looked up at him. He
was aware of a snigger from one of the girls as Miss Crawford bade him stand in
front of the worktables.

"Now girls, this is Peter and we need to get him fitted out in his uniform as
quickly as he can. If  Sylvia and Jennifer would measure him for a ratings
uniform, Patricia can go and get the items. He will need a complete set of
underwear, socks and shoes etcetera and one complete set of toiletries. Come
along girls, I want him ready for the Captain within half an hour."

Peter looked aghast as two of the girls approached him. Although his erection
had subsided, he was acutely aware of the shortness of the hospital gown and the
fact that his bottom was uncovered.
Jennifer looked boldly at him as she picked up a tape measure, her slender
figure moving gracefully as she walked from behind the worktable. Sylvia stood
up and followed. Both girls had amused smiles on their pretty faces as they
moved toward the trembling youth. Peter blushed profusely; turning his head to
protest as he felt Miss Crawford swiftly undo the ties of his gown, her fingers
moving quickly until all the ties were undone. "Oh please... Miss...please"
Peter turned his head and looked pleadingly at her as she moved to his side.

"My you are a shy one, it will only take a minute so just be a good boy." Deftly
she pulled the gown from his shoulders and let it drop to the floor. Peter
immediately clasped his hands over his genitals and pressed his knees together
in utter humiliation as the two young girls approached him. He was in absolute
anguish as Jennifer and Patricia moved to each side of him, their delicate
fingers gently reaching for his wrists and pulling his arms to his sides.

Peter began to tremble uncontrollably as Patricia stroked her hand over his back
and down over his bare bottom. "My you are in a state, we wont bite you." Her
soft voice only seemed to heighten his agitation as she stood back and looked at
him. Peter could hardly see through his haze of abject embarrassment and
humiliation as the girls began to handle him. He shuddered as Patricia raised
his arm and made him hold it out straight to the side while Jennifer measured
the distance from his shoulder to his fingertips.
Their soft touches were too much for him and try as he might he could not stop
his penis from erecting once more. He was blushing profusely, his head feeling
as if it were on fire as he caught the girls looking down at his penis and
smiling to each other. Patricia and Jennifer were enjoying themselves as they
handled the young boy. Jennifer deliberately stood behind him and placed the
tape measure around his chest, her gentle fingers stroking his flesh as she
reached around him. She delighted in pressing her young breasts against his back
as passed the ends of the tape measure to Patricia.
Patricia could not hide her amusement as she took the ends of the tape. Moving
closer she read the measurement out to Miss Crawford. She could feel the boy's
rigid member pressing against her thighs; deliberately she moved her body so
that the material of her dress brushed against the very tip of his penis.
Peter shuddered as the intimate contact of the two girls pervaded his senses.
"argghh..." He could not help groaning as Patricia deliberately brushed against
his penis. He was trembling from head to foot as the girls finished measuring
his upper body. They stood back and looked at him their searching eyes taking in
every inch of his body
"You are a very beautiful boy Peter, I hope you are not going be a naughty boy
while we measure you down below now!" Jennifer's words could have not have been
chosen better. Their immediate effect was plain to see upon the boy's face. His
bottom lip was trembling and his torso trembled with embarrassment, as they
looked him up and down. They had placed his hands by his sides and had prompted
him to stand upright Miss Crawford looked at the scene before her. A Naked boy
his penis erect and throbbing with sensation being handled as if a child by two
girls who, no older than the boy himself, had complete authority and command
over him.

Peter looked at the girls; he could no longer control the trembling in his
limbs, as they both looked his body up and down. He had lost any sense of
self-esteem or worth, as he stood naked before them. Little had he imagined a
few hours ago, that he would be subjected to such embarrassment, humiliation and
degradation.
Patricia felt a pang of pity for him as he stood before her. She felt a desire
to take him gently in her arms and kiss him. Thoughts of what else she would do
to him filled her mind as she moved closer to him and gently lifted his chin.
Looking him straight in the eyes, she spoke softly to him. "Now Peter place your
hands on your head and then stand with you legs apart, Jennifer needs to place
the tape measure between your legs." Patricia was sure that she could feel the
heat from his cheeks as he blushed a deep crimson.
She stood back and watched as the trembling boy slowly lifted his arms above his
head and began to shuffle his feet apart. He shuddered as he felt the first
contact of the girl's fingers as she cupped her hand beneath his testicles and
lifted them gently in the palm of her hand.
"Just keep still while Jennifer places the tape measure between your legs,
there's a good boy." The tone of her voice was soft and endearing as she gently
lifted his testicles. "There's a good boy." Peter trembled at the pure
humiliation of his position as Jennifer quickly knelt down in front of him and
placed the tape measure between his legs. He could feel her soft hands touching
the insides of his thighs as she measured him. She moved around behind him and
knelt once more, this time passing the tape measure around his hips. He
shuddered as she brushed her hand against his erect penis before bringing the
ends of the tape back around to the centre of his bottom cheeks.
Peter was close to fainting as Patricia casually took hold of his penis in her
other hand. "Here let me move this out of the way for you Jennifer, so that you
can measure him properly." Peter felt his knees begin to tremble and his penis
start to throb violently as Patricia held his rigid member in her delicate
fingers.
"Just keep still we are nearly done." Patricia whispered softly to him as she
gently squeezed his penis and testicles.

Miss Crawford looked on as the girls continued measuring the young boy. He
really is beautiful, she thought, quite a find... and so submissive and
acquiescent, an ideal play toy for out two young misses. Miss Crawford however,
did not mean the two young girls that were now humiliating the young man.

Half an hour later and Peter was stood in front of a full-length mirror. He was
dressed in a perfectly fitted white naval uniform. His deck shoes were white as
were his socks and underwear. Even through his embarrassment and humiliation he
could not help looking at the perfect fit of his uniform.

He had had no time to consider his position or to give any thought to perhaps
leaving the ship to avoid the humiliation he had received. Now as he looked at
himself he began to wonder what would happen to him now.
Sylvia, the third girl, who had fetched his various items of uniform and helped
him dress, interrupted his thoughts. He blushed as she looked at him,
remembering the way she had slipped her hand inside the waistband of his
underpants, asking whether he had enough room inside the cotton boxers.
" I am going to take you up to the Captain and then show you your cabin. Her
pretty face broke into a smile as she looked up at him. "Don't worry, no one is
going to bite you, cheer up there's a good boy." Peter blushed at her words and
was grateful when she moved in front of him and led him out of the room.




6


He had been provided with a spacious cabin, which was serviced everyday with
clean sheets and towels. He had noticed that as toiletries ran out, they were
automatically replaced. His own clothes had been returned to him, washed and
pressed as well as an extra uniform, drawers full of clean underwear and socks
and two extra pairs of deck shoes. His immediate superior was a girl named
Gillian, who ran the small galley. Their responsibilities consisted of providing
drinks and a variety of sandwiches and hor's deuvres to the ships crew. Peter
thought that Gillian was an excellent person to work for. She was kind and
laughed a lot and had Peter feeling quite at ease. Her good looks matched those
of the rest of the girls that Peter had met. He had never seen so many pretty
girls before and could not help blushing sometimes as he served their drinks.

His only embarrassing moment had been afternoon, meeting the young medical
secretary as was serving canapes in the officer's mess. He had blushed
profusely, avoiding her gaze as he had served her drink. The recollection of his
treatment within the medical centre was an all too vivid and embarrassing memory
for him. Nikki had smiled to herself as the blushing boy served her drink. If
only he knew, she had thought to herself. Peter still had no idea that he was
the only male on board ship.

The Captain had ensured that, after Peter's initial embarrassing introduction to
the Sobsel, his life aboard ship appeared normal. He had taken up his duties as
cabin boy under the supervision of Andrea, the chief stewardess. His duties
consisted mainly of serving drinks to the ships officers while they were off
duty and helping with the preparation of the owner's stateroom. As they sailed
south he had been left to carry out his duties without hindrance and indeed his
life aboard the Sobsel suited Peter down to the ground.


It was Saturday morning as they neared the private Sicilian port. The crew had
readied the staterooms ready for the owner's embarkation and had been told to
muster for inspection at 0:800 hours. Peter had left his cabin early and had
made his way to the rear deck. "Come along Peter, I am glad you are early I want
to have a good look at you." He turned towards the captain, his face already
blushing as she looked at him. "My, you do look smart in your uniform" Veronica
almost cooed as the young boy stood before her. She noted that his hair was
brushed to a shine and that his uniform was crisp and new. "I must compliment
you on your appearance. I am sorry that I have not had time to see you since
your interview, but as you are aware there has been a lot of preparation to take
care of." Peter blushed again, as the captain once more looked him up and down.
He was aware, not only of her interested gaze, but also of the other girls who
were gathering on the deck. Beautiful girls had always overawed him and now he
seemed to be the centre of their attention. He looked a round to see that the
deck was filling up with the female crew of the Sobsel. He had become aware that
there were no male personnel with duties on the upper decks, but was still
unaware that he was the only male in the entire crew.
Peter stood awkwardly as Veronica moved closer to him, her perfume and close
proximity causing him to blush profusely. "Just turn your head Peter, I want to
look in your ears." Peter was nonplussed as her gentle fingers held his head,
turning it one way then the other. He could not help look around as she let him
go. His face was burning with embarrassment as he saw some of the officers
smiling at him. "You have obviously been very thorough in your toilet, why don't
you go and see Andrea over there and she will show you where to line up for the
welcome inspection." Veronica smiled as she turned away, wondering what her
employer would think to her new acquisition to the crew; after all it was her
employer's orders that had prompted her search for someone like Peter!


 
Kate watched her two daughters as they exited the back seat of the Bentley
Turbo. At sixteen years old the twins were already six inches taller than she
was. The two girls stood side by side, their perfect bodies appearing slim and
lithe, as they opened the door for their mother. They were the product of a
short two-year marriage between their mother and a French industrialist. Kate's
divorce had been quiet, reasonably amiable and most importantly unpublicised.
Although the marriage had been a failure, Kate had no regrets. Two beautiful
daughters and one point seven billion pounds sterling had been ample
compensation for her brief spell of unhappiness. It had been the time of her
marriage that had shown Kate that she liked women better than men. At the same
time she had also discovered that she enjoyed wielding a cane.

She smiled as she remembered her husband walking into the bedroom on that
Tuesday afternoon, his face an expression of incredulity as he saw his wife with
her cane raised above the naked buttocks of one of their young maids. Kate often
laughed at the thought that she might have explained the incident away as
overzealous discipline had it not been for the large black dildo's that were
protruding from the maids bottom and freshly shaven pussy.
Kate's daughters had grown up in a style, which few are privileged to. From the
inevitable 'Norland' nanny right through to the finishing school in Geneva the
girls had matured far beyond their years, Money had given them an insight to
life that was far beyond the scope of everyone but a select few. They had
inherited not only the wealth but also the beauty of their mother. Slim and
lithe with perfect features they exuded a sensuality belying their years. Their
morality was also on a different plane to that of other mortals.
Kate had felt surprised and yet fatalistic when she had found them at fourteen
years old, naked and unashamedly lying on her bed with their heads between each
other's thighs. She had watched them as they licked and nibbled, their bodies
stiffening as they both climaxed simultaneously. Issolde had merely raised her
head from between her sister's thighs and looked at her mother. "This is O.K.
for now mother, but you will have to find us a boy soon." Kate had been too
shocked to speak as Anthea raised her head and drawled lazily "Yes mother... and
one with a big cock."

Kate realised that sooner or later a scandal would be inevitable. She
eventually, with the help of a friend and confident, found the perfect solution;
a way of isolating the twins until they were more mature and the provision of an
environment where they could indulge their pleasures (and she. her own) without
fear of discovery. The 'Sobsel' had proved to be an inspiration and with the
careful selection and reselection of her crew, Kate had managed to solve her
dilemma. Kate's friend, who was the ex-wife of a Singapore shipping magnate, had
helped choose a suitable vessel and together they had scoured the world for a
suitable crew. Kate had repaid her friend with one single gift.... that of the
previous cabin boy!

Kate smiled as she boarded the ship, watching her daughters running up the
gangplank before her. She could see that the girls were in deep conversation
with Veronica as she walked on to the deck. She joined the group and was pleased
to see that Veronica had had the good sense to tell the girls not to be obvious.
"If you can wait a day or two, my little carnivores before you begin your
seduction, I will see that you are properly introduced... so don't go and jump
the gun."
Both Kate and the girls laughed as the Captain good-naturedly admonished the
girls. Veronica leaned toward Kate and kissed her on both cheeks before leading
her over to the assembled crew. The twins followed their mother as Kate walked
down the line of girls who were waiting to greet her. She stopped and chatted
occasionally as she walked down the line. She could see the new cabin boy who
was stood nearly at the end of the smartly assembled crew. She turned and
whispered something to Issolde and Anthea before continuing. When the small
entourage eventually reached Peter, Veronica briefly introduced him as the new
cabin boy. Deliberately they moved on without hesitation, the twins carefully
avoiding looking at him directly as they passed by. Kate walked straight on and
into the 'Salon de The' and through to the owner's stateroom.

Peter had blushed as the girls walked by, although he had looked straight ahead
as he had been instructed to do by the bosun, he could not help feeling
embarrassed at the sheer beauty of the two girls as they passed in front of him. 
Veronica walked back from the salon and addressed the crew. I would like to get
underway as soon as possible, so if you will all go back to your posts I will be
most grateful. Thank you all for attending."

Peter followed Gillian back to the Galley and set to work. It was almost an hour
later when he felt the gentle vibration of the ship as she headed out to open
sea under full power. Life on board for Peter did not change. He saw nothing of
the owners since their embarkation and as they cruised south the ship settled to
a 'half ahead' cruising speed. The weather grew hotter and the small galley was
busier than usual during the afternoons, serving cooling drinks to the crew in
various stations throughout the ship.
It was a call from the aft deck that interrupted Peter's regular routine.
Gillian took the call and after preparing a large tray of drinks asked Peter to
take them to the aft outer deck C. Peter picked up the tray and smiled at
Gillian. It was always usual for her to smile back at him, but on this occasion
she seemed rather worried. With no more thought Peter took the silver drinks
tray and arrived a few moments later at the large metal sea door that entranced
the aft deck. He looked at the paper notice, which had been taped on the door.
The notice read; "Please Knock Before Entering". Peter put down the tray and
knocked on the heavy metal door and waited. He looked down at the calm sea
feeling the cooling breeze as he leaned over the rail. He waited for a few
moments longer and then knocked once more. The heavy metal sea door hurt his
knuckles as he continued knocking. He began to wonder what to do. There was no
sound from beyond the door so he opened it a few inches and called. "I have
drinks from the galley... is anybody here."  Peter was puzzled as he opened the
door further. He could not sea any further than a neatly stacked pile of deck
chairs. He picked up the tray and moved on, through the sea door and onto the
deck. He called once more as he turned the corner to the deck concourse. As he
turned the corner he groaned inwardly and looked upon the scene in horror and
pure embarrassment. Before him were sun lounges and deck chairs on which were a
dozen or so members of the crew sunbathing. Some were completely naked; others
had towels draped over their hips. The girl who was sat nearest to him was
wearing a small bikini, her breasts thrusting towards him as she stood up.
"WHAT on earth do you think you are doing young man, put that tray down and get
out of here immediately. Peter blushed a bright red, utterly confused and
embarrassed as he placed the tray on the floor of the deck. He could not help
looking at her as she stood with her long legs apart and her hands on her hips.
He turned quickly and hurried back through the sea door, closing it behind him.
His thoughts were in turmoil as he almost ran back to the galley.
Gillian looked at him as he entered, his face was bright red and he was
breathing heavily. She knew something must have happened and had thought it
strange earlier when the request for drinks had been followed by the girl on the
phone saying; "Tell the cabin boy to fetch them up immediately"
"What happed Peter?" Gillian looked worried as she placed her hand under Peter's
chin and lifted his head, looking him in the eye. "I'm sorry miss, I didn't
know.... Erm I knocked... er... twice and there was no reply... er then miss...
I opened the door and shouted... and I'm sorry miss... er I went in ... er and
they were...er sunbathing..er miss... I didn't mean to go in... please miss...
it just   er happened."

The telephone did not give Gillian time to answer the boy. She took the handset
from the wall and after listening for a few moments replied to the caller. "Yes
I will tell him."
She turned to Peter, her face serious and concerned. "I am sorry Peter you are
to attend the bosun's session. 7am tomorrow morning. You will have to explain to
her what happened. The only advice I can give you is to speak the truth and keep
it simple." Gillian shook her head in resignation. "Try not to worry Peter, I
know you didn't mean to walk in, let's forget it for now and fill the rest of
these orders that came in while you were away." During the afternoon Peter
thought little about the incident and filled his mind with preparing and
delivering drinks and making sandwiches.
That night as Peter lay in his cabin, he contemplated his appointment with the
bosun. He knew he had not intentionally done anything wrong and made up his mind
that he would say so in the morning. He fell asleep to the gentle sway of the
ship as it headed further south towards Alexandria and Port Said to leave the
Mediterranean and enter the Red Sea via the Suez Canal.

Peter was surprised as he entered the large spacious cabin. He had expected to
see only the bosun; instead he stood facing a desk behind which was seated five
ship's officers. The two duty guards, that had met him at the door and escorted
him in, stood behind him. To his right a young secretary sat at a stainless
steel office desk. She was busily typing into a word processor. She looked up at
him, her pretty face showing no expression. To his right Peter was even more
surprised to see the girl that had confronted him and also his immediate
superior, Gillian. He looked at her quickly before facing forward; he thought he
detected a glimmer of sympathy in her eyes. The Bosun, who was sat with two
officers either side of her quickly looked up at him and began to read from a
charge sheet. "Peter you have been charged with gross insubordination and
disrespect for the officers of this ship. What do you have to say for yourself?"
Peter blushed, but remained standing straight. He looked at the Bosun and
surprised himself by speaking clearly and without a tremor in his voice. I am
sorry madam; I knocked twice... the second time for ten knocks. I opened the
door enough to shout, but there was no reply. I then opened the door to look in
but could not see anyone. I took the drinks tray in. I had no idea that the...
er ladies would be undressed."

Miranda looked at Gillian. "Has his work been satisfactory?" Gillian replied
immediately. "Oh yes miss, he is the best and most conscientious assistant I
have had. He has never made a mistake since he started." Miranda smiled and
thanked Gillian with a curt nod. Gillian was acutely aware of the last time she
had met Miranda under official circumstances.

Peter looked at Gillian, longing to thank her for her words of praise. He stood
straight as the bosun looked up at him, her expression not unkindly as she spoke
softly to him "I am sorry Peter, but you have caused untold embarrassment to the
ships officers. You could have gone to any of the ship's telephones, which are
all along the walkway and called. I don't think you were absolutely deliberate,
but you did stand and stare at them for quite some time, did you not?"
Peter hung his head. "I am so sorry miss, I just didn't think." The bosun looked
up at him and smiled. "Being sorry is just not enough. What we are here for is
to make sure that you are repentant and to teach you not to do such a thing
again." She held her hand up before he could reply and looked across at the girl
who had confronted Peter. What would you have me do to him Roslyn? How strongly
do the rest of your officers feel about this?"
Roslyn looked across at Peter, her face showing no expression as she read from a
piece of paper. The officers think that he should be made to feel as they felt,
humiliated and embarrassed. Most of the girls were naked and had no alternative
than to be stared at by this young man. Therefore we suggest that Peter be made
to serve drinks for one complete duty without his clothes, for him to see what
it feels like to be stared at while naked."
Peter looked at her, his face shocked. He turned to the bosun as if to protest.
Once more she raised her hand to silence him. She turned back to Roslyn and
spoke quietly. "Is that it, one complete duty without clothes of any kind?"
Roslyn looked Peter straight in the eye while she replied to the Bosun. "Yes
Maam, that is it... one duty while he is stark naked."
Peter blushed profusely, looking at Gillian as if for help. Gillian looked at
him, her eyes showing deep sympathy for him, but she did not speak. He could
only blush even more profusely as one of the young girls, who was seated next to
Miranda turned to her and spoke, seemingly ignoring the blushing boy. Surely he
will have to be shaved, I mean we can't have him serving food and drinks... er
if you know what I mean. The Bosun looked at her and smiled. "I am sure the
medical centre will be able to sort out any hygiene problems."
She turned to Peter. "I am awarding you the punishment of one duty without
clothes, which will be followed by the Captains four." She held up her hand once
more before he could protest. " Do not reply Peter... now about turn and off you
go." Peter's face was a deep crimson as he turned and left the bosun's cabin. He
was trembling at the thought of what was to happen to him as two duty guards
followed him out and then took his arms and marched him along the corridor
towards the medical centre. Peter had been so taken aback with his sentence; he
had not dared to ask the Bosun what a Captains four meant.

Peter felt his stomach lurch in dread as he was marched into the medical centre.
To his abject dismay and embarrassment he saw that the girl behind the desk was
the same girl that had humiliated him so cruelly at his medical examination.
Nicki looked up from her desk, she had already had a phone call from Miranda and
had alerted the nurses as to the kind of preparation that was required. She
smiled to herself as she looked at the trembling boy in front of her. The duty
guards were holding his arms as they turned him to face her. She noted with
delight that his face was already suffused in a red blush. "Well Peter it seems
you have been a naughty boy, you will find that we don't suffer naughty boys
lightly aboard this ship." She turned to the duty guards, noting their smiles of
pleasure as she instructed them. Strip off all his clothing and have him stand
in front of my desk." She turned to the guards. "You can leave his clothes on
that chair, I will have them sent to his cabin as he won't be needing them again
today."
Peter blushed and lowered his head in shame. He felt utterly helpless as the
pretty duty guards turned towards him. One started to undo the buttons of his
tunic, while the other quickly bent down and undid the laces of his deck shoes.
"Come along, stand straight now."  The first guard admonished him as she pulled
his tunic from his shoulders and down over his arms. "Right now hands above your
head, there's a good boy." Peter could not believe his predicament as the guard
pulled his tee shirt over his head. He was trembling visibly as the second guard
raised each foot in turn and divested him of his shoes and socks, before
reaching for the waistband of his trousers.
"Now keep still." She said as she undid his belt and unzipped his fly. Deftly
she pulled his trousers to his knees and then down to his ankles, before lifting
each foot out of the garment. Savouring the moment of his utter embarrassment,
she hooked her fingers into the elastic waistband of his shorts and without
preamble quickly pulled them down to his knees. Her head was only inches from
his penis as she lowered his shorts the rest of the way and lifted his feet out
of them. Peter was shaking from head to toe as the girls stood up and placed his
clothes on the chair before once more holding him by the arms. Nicki stepped
forward and immediately reached out her hand to take hold of his penis and
testicles. "Well all this hair has to go young man." She squeezed gently,
feeling the first throb of an erection as she pulled his genitals forward and
pinched the end of his penis with her other hand. "I see are still quite unable
to control yourself, no wonder you were caught as a peeping Tom!" Peter
stammered but was unable to form an answer.
"Have you been to the toilet this morning?" Nicki looked him straight in the eye
as she asked the question. She squeezed his testicles as he hesitated to answer.
"Err er yes miss," He managed to stammer as she held his penis firmly. "Good
then perhaps we might be able to get away with only two enemas instead of
three." Nicki looked at him, noting his utter humiliation. "Well we will let the
nurses look after you for a while." She nodded to the guards. "You can take him
trough to the examination rooms, you had better stay with him as technically he
is under arrest." Nicki was well aware that it was unnecessary but she felt sure
that the pretty young duty guards would enjoy the experience.

Peter was led, stumbling with embarrassment, through the doors to the
examination room. He was blushing profusely as the nurses took him from the
guards. Both Marie and Simone were looking forward to their task. They knew
exactly the effect that they were having on the boy as they looked him up and
down. Marie took his arm and gently led him forward until she could sit down on
one of the chrome chairs. "Now Peter stand with your legs well apart and your
hands on your head, there's a good boy."  She placed her hands on his hips, her
delicate fingers moving up to his waist and then down over his tummy. Watching
his expression, she placed her hand between his legs and cupped his testicles.
"Try and keep still, that's the way." She saw his penis begin to engorge as she
traced her other hand up between his thighs. "You don't have much hair at all
Peter, so it shouldn't take us long.. Turn around and bend over and touch your
toes, so that I can see between you bottom cheeks." Marie knew that her words
would cause the boy further embarrassment and that he would also have to face
the two duty guards as well as Simone. Blushing profusely Peter turned around
and dropped his hands. He bent over quickly to avoid the gaze of the guards and
nurse, he was well aware that his penis had started to erect. He felt utterly
humiliated as he felt Marie gently part the cheeks of his bottom, gasping as her
finger teased the puckered star of his sphincter. After kneading the flesh of
his buttocks, she slapped him gently on the bottom, hearing him gasp in anguish
and embarrassment. "Right up you get young man, we might as well get started."
As Peter stood up he clasped his hands over his groin, vainly trying to hide is
penis as the girls looked at him once more. Simone moved forward and joined
Marie in taking hold of the boy. "Come along Peter lets get your legs spread so
we can shave you."
Their gentle touches compounding his utter humiliations as they laid him down
upon the examination table. He gasped as they spread his legs wide apart and
fastened them in the stirrups. He could not help but groan with humiliation as
they bent his legs back so that his bottom no longer touched the rubber surface
of the examination table. The taller nurse placed a supporting pad under the
small of his back and then continued to move the stirrups back until his thighs
were placed in a wide vee, with his knees splayed apart either side of his
chest.
Gasps and moans escaped Peter's lips as the nurses manhandled him. He felt one
of the nurses lift his testicles and penis away from his body as shaving foam
was applied all around his genitals. "There now Peter you lie there quietly
while we shave you, there's a good boy." Peter was barely able to move his lips;
such was his embarrassment at the hands of the two nurses. He moaned in anguish
as his bottom cheeks were gently prised apart and a soft bristled brush was
thrust between the parted flesh. Their soft touches and intimate caresses made
Peter erect violently. To his utter shame he felt the nurse take hold of his
penis, which was standing up straight from his body. She deliberately pulled the
foreskin back until the flesh was stretched tight. "My you are tense Peter, try
and relax while we shave you." She patted his penis before taking it in a firmer
grip and pulling it back while she shaved the pubic hair between his penis and
lower stomach. The nurses worked diligently, soaping then shaving until he was
completely denuded of hair around his genitals and between the cheeks his
bottom. He moaned once more as one of the nurses held his erect penis tightly
and pulled the foreskin up over the glans while she shaved around the base of
the turgid flesh.
Peter could not believe how naked and sensitive he felt now that his pubic area
had been shaved. He blushed as he looked down at his naked groin and blushed
profusely.
They washed him thoroughly, ignoring his moans as they placed a hot towel over
his genitals. There's a good boy, now we are just going to shave under you arms,
so stretch your hands out above your head there's a good boy and we'll soon have
you finished." Peter was aware of the nurse's soft breasts pressing against his
chest as she leaned over him and began to apply soap to his armpits. Peter
closed his eyes in shame as the nurses shaved him, acutely aware of his
helplessness and humiliation. He felt the nurses wash beneath his arms and then
leave him. It was a few minutes later that he opened his eyes in shock as he
felt the cheeks of his bottom being prised apart. He looked down between his
widely parted thighs to see the nurse smear lubricant on to her gloved hand.
"Just relax your bottom Peter, I won't hurt you, I am just going to loosen you
up a little."
Peter gasped out loud as he felt the pressure of her finger against his
sphincter. He felt completely powerless to resist as she probed against the
sensitive opening. He could not help grunting loudly as she deftly slid her
finger up inside his bottom. "Argghh... miss" He moaned as she probed deep
inside of him, her finger brushing over the prostate gland as she lubricated him
thoroughly. Peter could not contain his embarrassment as the second nurse lifted
the towel from over his genitals and gently cupped his testicles in the palm of
her hand, lifting them upwards as Marie quickly removed her finger from his
bottom and inserted the nozzle of the enema up into his anus.

He groaned audibly as he felt the tube slide higher. He could not contain his
anguish as the nurse inflated the bulb inside his sphincter, watching him jerk
his hips as the pressure increased. "There now, just a few more squeezes and I
will start the water." Peter shook his head from side to side as the water began
to flow inside him, acutely aware of the young nurse squeezing his testicles
gently as the water began to fill him. He closed his eyes, only to open them
again as soft hands stroked over his flesh. He looked up to see one of the duty
officers bending over him and stroking her hand over his chest and tummy. Her
face was close to his as she whispered to him "Be a brave boy now and it will
soon be over." She bent her head lower and kissed him tenderly on the lips.
Peter felt his stomach filling up as the girls caressed him. His vulnerability
was amplified when the second guard casually placed her hand on his knee and
then with her other hand tapped the tip of his penis. "Do boys always have an
erection when they are being given an enema?" She asked Simone sweetly. "Some
do, but I think Peter's testicles are very full so I should imagine he is quite
sensitive."
Peter moaned with embarrassment as the girls talked about him, acutely aware of
the four pairs of hands that were now caressing and stroking his body.
"I think he is full enough now, lets help him to the toilet basin and Simone can
prepare the next one." Peter moaned at the thought of a further enema and at the
embarrassment of his erection as the girls helped him to the toilet. He was
mortified as they sat him down with his erection sticking out in front of him
and further embarrassed as Marie moved his penis to the side and deflated the
nozzle. The effect was immediate, water rushed into the toilet bowl as the
nozzle was deflated. They waited a few moments and then helped him from the
seat. To his horror, Marie looked into the toilet bowl before flushing it. "You
have obviously visited the loo this morning, so you will only need a small
rinsing enema. And then we will give you a nice warm bath." Peter groaned again
at the thought of being bathed by the pretty nurses.
Both the duty officers and Marie helped Peter back up on to the examination
table. This time they manoeuvred him on to his hands and knees. Marie caressed
the back of his neck as she whispered to him. "Now then young man, down on to
your elbows so your bottom is nice and high and turn your head towards me,
there's a good boy." Peter blushed once more; his face was bright crimson as he
felt Simone gently part the cheeks of his bottom. This time she was bolder and
inserted her lubricated finger straight up into his bottom with a practiced
ease. "Oops there we are, just relax now." Her words belied her actions as Marie
handed her the large Higginson syringe. Peter almost yelped as Simone quickly
withdrew her finger and inserted the bulbous nozzle of the syringe. "Hold him
tight would you!" She addressed Marie and the duty officers as she took hold of
the plunger. The guards and the nurses watched, gripping the boy tightly as
Simone pressed the plunger with a fluid motion. Peter tried to rear up as the
jet of water invaded his insides. "Arggghhhh... Ooooohhh." He could not help his
groans as the entire contents of the syringe were emptied into him. "There,
there." Marie cooed as she bent her head close to his anguished face. "It's all
over now, just stay like you are for a moment and then we will let you
evacuate."
Once more Peter was led to the toilet, his erect penis flapping from side to
side as they walked him. This time Simone held a gauze pad hard up against his
sphincter. He was utterly humiliated as they stood and watched him, his shame
amplified by his freshly shaven pubic area.  Peter looked up at the three girls
and then quickly bowed his head in shame. Marie bent over him and placed her
hand flat against his tummy. "Let it all go, there, that's the way." Peter
blushed once more, as Marie pressed hard against his stomach. The water left his
body in one huge jet, leaving him feeling utterly drained.
"My you are a good boy, just lift up a little so I can see between your legs."
Peter blushed as Marie examined the contents of the bowl. She observed that only
clear water had been passed this time and so took the boy's arm. "Come along
young man, there is a nice soapy bath waiting for you."

Peter was led to the bath and allowed to sit in the water while the nurses
busied themselves with fetching warm towels. His genitals felt so sensitive as
he sat down in the water, he could even feel the small bubbles against his
smoothly shaven skin.  Peter was dismayed to see that the duty officers had
stayed with him and were stood over the bath looking at him. He placed his hands
over his groin and pressed his knees together in shame as the two girls
continued watching him. Marie and Simone placed towels next to the bath and
gestured for Peter to stand up. He looked shamefaced as he tried to stand up
while still holding one hand over his groin. He was even more mollified as Marie
spoke to the duty officers." I was wondering whether you two might like to bathe
him while we get on with some of our work. The soap is on the stand and if you
take your tunic tops off I will fetch a couple of aprons." Peter could hardly
believe his ears, he looked up as the two duty officers looked at Marie and
nodded agreement. "We might as well, as we have to stay with the boy until he is
delivered back to the galley."
Marie smiled at them, knowing full well that they would be delighted to get
their hands on him. Simone will fetch your aprons, so I will leave you to it."
Peter stood trembling as the two girls looked at him; he clasped his hands
tighter to his groin and blushed profusely. The duty guards undid the buttons of
their uniforms and took them off. Both of the girls were wearing thin white
cotton T-shirts, which clearly showed every contour of their young breasts.
Neither of them was wearing a bra and their nipples were plainly visible through
the fine material. Peter blushed as he looked at the girls, he was shivering not
from cold but from the utter humiliation he was feeling. He watched as Simone
handed them their rubber aprons, which they tied around their slim waists.
Simone spoke directly to Peter. "Right young man, hands on your head and legs
apart there's a good boy." Peter blushed, his cheeks turning a deep crimson
colour as he reluctantly took his hands away from his groin and placed them on
his head. "Legs nice and wide now." Admonished Simone as the trembling boy
struggled to obey her. "That's the way Peter." Simone turned to the two girls
who had each taken a bar of soap from the stand beside the bath. I have to warn
you girls that young boys are liable to ejaculate when their penises are washed.
If that should happen, you will have to make sure that he is cleaned thoroughly
before you dry him off. Oh and don't forget to wash him right inside his bottom.
He has been cleaned thoroughly so I don't think there is any need for gloves."

Peter stood trembling, his humiliation almost complete as both of the duty
officers turned towards him. He shivered at their first touch as they dipped the
soap in the water and proceeded to wash his legs. "Stand up straight now,
shoulders back." The smaller of the two girls spoke to him as they continued
washing his legs, their hands moving further and further upwards. They seemingly
ignored his genitals, instead applying a rich lather to his chest. Their
delicate touch played havoc with his senses as they gently soaped his shoulders
and then leaning forward, soaped his back and over his bottom. "Right now young
man turn to the side and keep those feet apart." No sooner had he moved than the
first girl took a firm hold of his penis and lifted it while she applied soap
between his legs. He jerked his body with the acute sensation of her fingers
against his smooth and naked skin. They smiled at each other as the taller girl,
carefully slipped her soapy hand between the boy's buttocks and began to tease
the sensitive flesh of his sphincter with her fingertip. As if on cue, Peter
felt his penis being pulled forward and his testicles being squeezed, while at
the same time as soapy finger was inserted right up into his bottom.
"Argggggghhh... " He moaned as his testicles were squeezed harder and his the
foreskin of his penis was pulled back tightly, revealing the sensitive rim of
the glans. "argghh." He moaned again as the second girl pushed her finger
further up into his bottom, finding the soft flesh of his prostate glans. "There
that's the way Peter, just relax your bottom for me so that I can get at your
properly." Peter was trembling from head to foot, as the girl encircled his
penis with her fingers and proceeded to move her hand up and down the shaft in a
pumping motion. He knew that is orgasm was imminent as the two girls continued
soaping and manipulating him, seemingly oblivious to his plight.
Suddenly Peter began to ejaculate, his penis pumping a stream of semen into the
bath water. The girls watched in delight, their fingers busily manipulating the
boy to a frenzy. "Argggggghh." Peter gasped as he climaxed "ppp...pleeeaaase
miss." He could not form the words as his penis was pumped mercilessly and his
bottom was invaded by a myriad of sensations. "There's a good boy, don't
worry... it's been a trying morning for you." The duty officer's softly spoken
words seem to enflame Peter all the more as she pumped his penis mercilessly.
"There, there Peter, we will clean you up and then dry you off, try and calm
down a little bit, there's a good boy." Peter was almost in tears with the
sensation of it all as, a few moments later; they helped him from the bath and
gently dried him before wrapping a large fluffy towel around him.
He was taken still wrapped in the towel back into the reception area, where
Nicki stood waiting. She turned to the two duty officers who, once again, were
dressed in their uniforms. "Ah I see he is ready, well he won't be needing that
for the rest of the day." She took hold of the towel and snatched it away from
the naked boy. Peter blushed... and was just about to cover himself with his
hands when Nicki spoke again. "He is not to be able to be allowed to cover
himself, so he is to be cuffed behind his back at all times when he is not
carrying a tray. One of you is to stay with him for the rest of the day and make
sure that he obeys the rules of his punishment. There is also a box of wipes for
you to take and you are to wipe his bottom and penis and inspect his
cleanliness, before he is allowed to enter any of the cabins.
Peter blushed once more, as Nicki looked him up and down. He felt the duty
officers take his wrists and pull them behind his back. He shivered as the cold
metal of the cuffs touched his bottom as the duty officers handcuffed him. He
had never felt so vulnerable or exposed. His smoothly shaven groin seemed to
accent his nakedness and in horror he felt his penis begin to stiffen once more.
Nicki reached forward and to Peter's horror, too a firm hold on his penis. She
looked at the smaller of the two duty officers and addressed her directly. "Ami,
you will be in charge of him today so I am going to show you how to clean behind
his foreskin and between his bottom cheeks. Peter could not help jerking his
body as Nicki knelt before him, her hand firmly holding his penis. "Just pull
the foreskin back like this and then wipe around it like this. It is easier to
do it when the flesh is stiff, so if you just manipulate the foreskin like
this." She pushed the foreskin back up the shaft and then pulled it forward
until the tip of the glans was covered. She continued until his penis stiffened,
causing his body to jerk with the acute sensation. Peter could not help trying
to twist his hips so that he could evade her delicate fingers. Suddenly Nicki
slapped him hard on the thigh. "Keep still, you naughty boy or I will have you
spanked soundly." Peter could not believe his ears as she mentioned having him
spanked. He stopped jerking his hips and looked down at her as she continued
manipulating his penis until it was standing out from his body, stiff and hard.
"Now as I was saying, it is so much easier when the penis is hard to draw back
the foreskin and wipe around the flesh behind it." Peter could not help
shivering as her actions followed her words and she stretched the foreskin back
and proceeded to wipe around the sensitive flesh.
Nicki stood up and addressed Ami once more. "Now if you will make him bend over,
I will demonstrate how to wipe his bottom." Peter blushed as Ami placed her hand
on the small of his back and bade him bend over. He felt dizzy with sensation as
Nicki moved behind him and firmly smacked the insides of his thighs. "Open up
now you naughty boy." Peter shuffled his legs further apart until she was
satisfied with his position. His head was bent between his thighs with his hands
stretched tightly behind his back. "Now you can part the cheeks with one hand
like this." Peter felt his buttocks being prised apart as the young girl handled
him so familiarly. "You see, now you can hold them open while you use your other
hand to wipe his bottom." Peter felt the fluid, with which the cloth was
impregnated; coolly anoint the sensitive flesh between the cheeks of his bottom.

"Right... up you get young man and stand up straight, no slouching." She moved
around to his front as Peter blushed a deeper shade of red. She tapped his penis
with her fingertips and looked him straight in the eye. "You will find young
man, that unless you kerb your libido, you will be in continuous trouble aboard
this ship." Peter could only tremble and stammer as the confident young girl
appraised him, her beautiful face so authoritative that he felt two inches tall.
She placed her hand under his chin and positioned his head so that he was
looking straight into her eyes. With her other hand she grasped his erect penis
and held him firmly. "Are you going to try and behave yourself from now on
Peter, mmm?" Peter could hardly stammer a reply. His bottom lip was trembling
and there were tears in his eyes. "I am so sorry miss, I promise I will be
good." Nicki realised that the boy was almost at the point of fainting as she
gently took her hand from his chin and placed it gently against his cheek. While
still holding his penis, she moved forward and kissed him tenderly on his
trembling lips. "Go then Peter and do your penance." She kissed him again and
then moved back, "Right Ami, if you will escort him back to the galley, your
friend can take his clothes to the hospital dormitory, as I imagine that he will
be spending the night there after the Captains four."
Peter blushed once more; acutely aware of the embarrassment he would feel
walking naked back to the galley and then having to remain naked for the rest of
the day. His erection had not abated as the young duty officer led him, naked
and handcuffed into the corridor of the ship.




7

Peter followed the petite young officer along the corridor of the ship. He had
not realised that he could have felt so naked. As his bare feet trod the cool
smooth surface of the rubberised flooring he became acutely aware of the
draughts of air from the various air conditioning units and open doorways
playing upon his freshly shaven skin.  He was aware that his face was bright red
with embarrassment as his tumescent penis slapped from side to side against his
thighs, as he clumsily followed his young guard towards the end of the empty
corridor.
.
Peter could not help looking at her petite bottom and slender body as Ami walked
in front of him. Suddenly as they reached a stairway she turned to him. Her face
showed a hint of amusement, as she looked him up and down, noticing his penis
wobbling from side to side. "I know you are supposed to remain cuffed, but I
think that would be impractical with so many stairs and corridors to negotiate
on board this ship. So I am willing to un-cuff you if you promise me that on no
occasion are you to cover yourself. Do you understand what I mean by uncover
yourself?"
Ami looked him straight in the eye as she moved closer to him and gently took
hold of his swollen penis. "I mean covering this!" she squeezed his member as
she looked enquiringly at his blushing face.
"Do you understand?" Peter gasped, he felt utterly humiliated at the way the
young girl was able to touch the most sensitive parts of his body so casually.
He shivered with embarrassment as he felt her slender fingers squeeze his penis
once more.
"Arggh", he gasped. "Please Miss, I promise." His bottom lip was trembling so
violently that Ami thought that he might burst into to tears at any moment. She
smiled at him kindly and let go of his penis. She moved behind him, feeling him
shiver as she placed her hand upon his waist and positioned him so that she
could unlock the handcuffs from his wrists. "There now young man, remember what
I said... I want you to walk with your hands at your sides." Ami moved back
around the boy and motioned for him to follow her up the stairway. Occasionally
she turned her head to observe his progress, noting that although he was deeply
embarrassed he was holding the handrails on both sides of the stairs. As they
reached the top stairwell which accessed the upper deck Ami saw that two young
girls were busy cleaning the brass hand rails which ran alongside the heavily
carpeted corridor. Immediately she turned towards the naked boy and placed her
hand under his chin, raising his head so that his eyes met hers. "Now Peter, I
must warn you again that you are not to cover yourself. To make you fully
understand the consequences I am going to give you a little demonstration of
what will happen if you disobey me. You are naked because you are being
punished, but I assure you that there are much worse punishments than this. Now
turn around and bend over and touch your toes.... Quickly now don't keep me
waiting." Ami kept her face in a mask of severity as she addressed the trembling
youth.
As he turned away from her and proceeded to bend over, she unhooked the slim
black tube that was hanging from her waist and slid the small red switch which
was located near the handle until it read number 1. She could not resist the
thrill that ran through her body as she placed the end of the tube between the
cheeks of Peter's bottom and pushed it firmly against the puckered star of the
boy's sphincter. She heard him gasp as the cold metal invaded the cheeks of his
bare bottom. Deliberately Ami pressed the red button and watched the boy's
reaction to the short electric shock, which emitted from the ball-end electrode
at the end of the tube. "Argghhh...arrggghhh." Peter felt as if he had been
kicked. The jolt of electricity had been without warning and so unexpected that
his muscles had contracted violently. His sphincter contracted in spasms as he
threw his body into an upright stance, gasping for breath as he turned his head
to look at the young guard, his hands clutching the cheeks of his bottom Tears
welled up in his eyes as he looked into her pretty face. His lips were trembling
and his body shivered as he turned towards her. "Oh miss... please miss that
hurt so much." His voice stammered as he looked at her, hardly believing that
such a pretty and demure girl could inflict so much pain upon him.
Ami could not contain the thrill, which had run through her body as she pressed
the discharge button. Her feelings were not those of a sadist, but rather the
thrill of having sexual control over another. Ami had never bothered to analyse
her own sexual feelings but had accepted herself for what she was. She knew that
she received equal gratification whether her subject was male or female - as
long as they were pretty or at least very good looking. The naked boy standing
before her was the most perfectly proportioned boy she had seen, His face good
looking and neatly featured now showing the anguish of her recent torment upon
him.

She smiled and gently stroked his cheek. "I think that that may remind you to
keep your hands to your sides while you are on display. It is because I
understand the desire you have to cover yourself that I have had to give you an
early reminder as your behaviour today. I don't want to have to punish you again
Peter, as there are eight levels of shock from this device, each one
increasingly more severe and lots of other places that I can put it. That was
level one... can you imagine what level eight would feel like against your
testicles... or your penis mmm,,, Peter?" She gently stroked her hand under his
testicles and penis as she spoke softly to him. "Well Peter... can you?
Peter looked at the petite young girl as she addressed him; his face blushing
profusely as she casually handled his genitals. He shivered from head to toe as
he mumbled his reply. "I am sorry miss, it really hurts... I promise I will obey
you."

Ami's face softened as she appraised the trembling youth, his bottom lip was
quivering visibly as he muttered his response. "Well we shall see Peter" She
noted that although his penis had stiffened once more, he did not try to cover
himself, but kept his hands firmly to his sides. Ami walked on, beckoning him to
follow her. Peter was blushing as they walked toward the two giggling Philippine
girls who were cleaning the brass handrails. "He has to be naked all day... no?"
One of the girls addressed Ami, her even white teeth displayed in as smile as
she looked at the guard. To Peter's utter dismay Ami stopped in front of the
girls. "Yes he is not allowed to cover himself or to resist examination by
anyone." The young girls smiles widened as Ami spoke to her. "You mean we may
examine heem?" 
Ami smiled. "Of course if you wish, his punishment is in retribution for being a
Peeping Tom... if you know the expression... so of course, if you wish."
The two girls were both dressed in thin, almost transparent, white cotton
tunics. The tunics were cut short to mid thigh displaying slender bared legs.
The girls were slim in build and Peter could clearly see the outline of their
small firm breasts through the thin cotton tunics, which were cut in a low vee
at the front. They both had shiny black hair, which was tied back in a
regulation bun accenting the lovely bone structure of the jaw and high
cheekbones, so typical of the Philippine race.
One of the girls's stood in front of Peter as the second walked around to his
rear. Peter began to tremble as Ami addressed him, her tone severe and
foreboding. "Hands on your head when you are being examined. Hesitate and you
will be punished." Her voice, short, sharp and staccato, stung him like a whip
crack. Peter felt his face turn bright red, his cheeks burning with humiliation
and embarrassment as he felt one of the girl's hands gently stroke over his
shoulders and down his back before coming to rest on the hillock of his
buttocks.
"Stand absolutely still with your legs wide apart, there's a good boy." Ami
admonished him once more as she watched the young girl that was standing in
front of the trembling boy, reach between his legs and gently cup his testicles.
Peter gasped as the girl placed their hands upon his body. He shivered as his
buttocks were parted and a small hand was slipped between the cheeks of his
bottom. He could not help jerking violently as his foreskin was skinned back to
reveal the sensitive rim of the glans. "He is a sensitive boy no?" One of the
girls addressed Ami as she manipulated the skin of his foreskin, her delicate
fingers causing the boy's organ to become erect almost immediately. Ami watched,
fascinated as Peter began to tremble all over, his body quivering uncontrollably
to the delight of the girls.
"You are so smooth down here, they have shaved you everywhere." The girl's
fingers moved over his genitals as she spoke softly to him. She tightened her
grip on his penis and moved her other hand up over his chest, her small delicate
fingers gently probing and pinching his nipple.
Peter felt another blush suffuse his cheeks as the girls handled him so
intimately. He felt utterly humiliated, unable to evade their searching fingers.
He gasped as once more his foreskin was pulled back, the skin stretched fully
back exposing him fully to their interested gaze.
 "My you are shy... aren't you." The girl in front of him moved closer, her
voice barely a husky whisper. "Relax your bottom, there's a good boy, my friend
wants to feel inside you." Peter could not believe his ears or barely stammer a
reply as he felt a finger gently but insistently probing his sphincter. Suddenly
he felt the slender fingertip slip through the opening of his bottom and at the
same time the girl's other hand encircle his waist so that she was able to push
deeper.. "Relax now, you have a lovely bottom... just let your cheeks relax a
little more." Her voice whispered in his ear as he felt her finger push further
inside him. Suddenly he felt an intense sensation deep within him as she quickly
located his prostate gland.
The sensations of the girls hands upon his body was too much for Peter, his body
began to shake uncontrollably and he began to gasp for breath. The girl standing
in front of him pulled the skin of his foreskin down the shaft of his penis once
more as she pushed her body against him. She grasped the back of his head and
held him; suddenly kissing him full on the mouth, denying him breath while she
proceeded to rub the head of his penis against her tunic.
"Stop...that will do... I am sorry girls but I think that will have to do for
now you must not make him ejaculate." Ami was smiling as she looked at the two
girls fondling the boy. Reluctantly they took their hands away from him. Ami
watched him shudder as a slender finger was withdrawn from his bottom. He was
blushing a beetroot red, his naked body trembling and his penis standing upright
as the three girls stood back and looked at him. He was acutely aware of the
throbbing of his penis and the acute embarrassment of the fact that he could not
control it. He looked down in abject dismay, utterly ashamed before the three
girls as they observed his erect penis, which was now pointing towards the
ceiling.
Peter felt humiliated and helpless, his shame beyond belief as, a few moments
later; Ami led him briskly along the corridor. Utterly degraded and helpless, he
walked behind the pretty young guard, almost blinded by his shame and
humiliation, acutely aware of how ridiculous he must look with his erect penis
wobbling and swaying before him.
.
As they neared the galley Peter knew that greater embarrassment was in store for
him. Gillian had been kind and decent to him during the time he had been on
board ship. Although her beauty had overawed him when they had first met, her
constant good humour and easy manner had put him at ease.
Now she was to see him naked and humiliated. He shivered at the thought, his
mind in turmoil as he walked, sometimes stumbling along the well-lit corridors
of the ship.
Peter could not have believed that just a few weeks before that he would have
been subjected to so much embarrassment. He had always known that he was shy by
nature and his tender years had yet provided no sexual experience.
Although his penis had subsided somewhat he was still aware of it slapping from
side to side between his legs. His freshly shaven genitals were sensitive to
every breath of air and contact; even the cheeks of his bottom felt sensitive to
the flow of air as he walked beneath the outlets of the air-conditioning units.
As they stopped opposite the galley door, Peter could feel his heart beating
faster, he felt a tightening in his chest and the familiar twinges of fear and
trepidation gnawing at this stomach.
"Come along Peter, It is time for you to go to work, no dawdling now you have a
long day in front of you." Ami's words did nothing to lessen the boy's anxiety
as he stumbled rather than stepped over the high threshold of the drinks galley.
He stood behind the guard hoping to shield himself from Gillian's gaze as she
turned around from one of the large refrigeration cupboards.

Gillian had been busy in the galley from the moment she had come on duty.
Already there had been three calls from the officer's liberty deck asking that
as soon as Peter arrived he should take up a large tray of drinks. Gillian had
prepared the cocktails and placed them in the one of the large stainless steel
refrigerators. She knew that the reason for call had very little to do with the
desire for cocktails but rather the desire to have their way with her new cabin
boy.
Gillian had enjoyed Peter's company in the galley and had delighted in his
capacity for hard work and willingness. She had never had to ask for anything to
be done twice and had often found had done an hours work before their designated
time of arrival. He had often taken over duties that were usually shared between
them and it was now quite common for him to clean the galley spotlessly before
she arrived.
She was quite sure in her own mind that the offence had been fabricated and set
up deliberately. Her knowledge of the crew of officers was quite intimate and
her own punishment, which happened on the day that Peter arrived on board, had
been as a result of a contrivance by the officers.
Gillian had mixed feeling about the turn of events that had led to Peter's
punishment day. She liked her new friend very much and would never think to
deliberately upset or embarrass him; but on the other hand she felt a thrill in
the knowledge that she would be seeing the boy naked. She had often looked at
him as he bent over or stretched to reach for a shelf, noting the slim torso and
firm buttocks beneath his ship's uniform. The ships officers were adept at
deceit and guile and their sexual predilections knew no bounds. Gillian knew
that it would be a day of humiliation for him and that he would not escape their
attention to his body. She remembered when four of the girls had stripped her
naked and made her orgasm three times in an hour. She also knew that it would
not be the last time that their skilful manipulations of her body would make her
scream with ecstasy.
Peter blushed profusely as Gillian turned around to face him. Although his body
was hidden behind the young guard, he felt utterly helpless and humiliated. Ami
turned around and pushed him forward towards Gillian. "Well Gillian what do you
think to our young friend?"
Gillian felt her cheeks blush as she looked at Peter standing naked in front of
her. She could not help herself, as she looked him up and down, instantly
noticing that his penis was far from flaccid and that his genitals had been
shaved, leaving him smooth and fully exposed to her gaze. She quickly averted
her eyes from his body and back to his face. His cheeks were bright red and his
eyes were downcast in shame as she spoke to him. "I am sorry Peter, but try and
be a brave boy, I am sure you will be fine." Gillian knew that her words sounded
lame but she genuinely wanted to show him some comfort, not realising that her
concern only exacerbated his humiliation.
Ami knew how the boy must be feeling, being made to stand naked in front of his
colleague. She was pleased to see that he had somehow managed to keep his hands
to his side. "Right Peter, I am supposed to clean you up before you enter a room
so bend over and touch your toes, there's a good boy." Peter quaked with shame
as she heard Ami's words; he looked in anguish at Gillian before reluctantly
bending over before her. "Round this way a bit... and spread those legs wide
apart, so that I can get between the cheeks of your bottom." Ami slapped his
buttocks with the palm of her hand as she positioned the boy until his bottom
was facing Gillian and his legs were spread wide apart.
Peter stared at the tiled floor beneath his feet, his breathing heavy and
laboured as steeled himself for further humiliation. His cheeks were burning and
his ears ringing with shame and embarrassment as he heard Ami address Gillian.
"Right Gillian if you would reach underneath him and hold his genitals out of
the way while I wipe inside his bottom cheeks and between his legs, it will make
things a lot easier for me." Peter could scarcely believe his ears as Ami spoke
to his friend Gillian in such a 'matter of fact' manner. He squeezed his eyes
shut and held his breath in trepidation as he felt a soft hand encircle his
waist.
 "I think you will be better if you lean over him, then you will be able to hold
his penis out of the way with your other hand."
Gillian did not know whether or not to obey Ami's instruction. She knew exactly
how Peter must be feeling, but her excitement and curiosity finally got the
better of her and she placed her hands upon the naked boy.
 Peter began to shiver as he felt Gillian's hands slide around his waist and up
underneath him, her soft fingers exploring and searching until he felt her
suddenly take hold of his penis. He shuddered uncontrollably as her other hand
stroked over his freshly shaved flesh and gently cupped his testicles. Her touch
was soft and sensuous as she carefully drew his testicles forward and took a
firmer grip around his tumescent penis.
Gillian could not help a thrill running through her body as she leaned her body
further over the naked boy, guiltily allowed her soft breasts to press against
his back as she took a firmer hold of his genitals. Even though she felt sorry
for his predicament she could not help herself rolling the soft sac of his
scrotum between her fingers and feeling the plump testes move beneath the skin.
She could feel his penis beginning to throb in her hand as the soft flesh of his
penis became hard and erect.
Ami bent over behind Peter and nonchalantly placed her hand on the cheeks of his
bottom. Deftly she pulled his bottom cheeks apart and slid her hand between
them. Gillian felt Peter try to rear up with the shock of the intrusion between
his bottom. Gillian felt Peter felt his penis move trough her fingers as he
tried to evade Ami's fingers. Without realising what she was doing Gillian
tightened her grip on his penis, the boys movements masking her deliberate
action of pulling his foreskin back.
As he wriggled and moved his hips Gillian deliberately slipped the foreskin down
over the head of his penis, exposing the glans fully, before bringing the tender
skin back up towards the tip, her forefinger grazing over the glans as she
completed the movement. She heard the boy gasp and moan at the intimate contact
of her fingers, but could not help herself once more exposing the glans and
stretching the skin tightly as she began to manipulate the skin of his penis
into a steady milking motion.
She ignored Peter's groans, instead watching as Ami moved behind him now holding
a moist tissue. Without preamble the young guard wiped diligently between the
cheeks of his bottom and then between his legs her fingers meeting Gillian's as
she reached under the bending youth.
Gillian could not believe how hard his penis had become as she steadily milked
him, her actions slow and methodical. She was aware that his breath had become
laboured and his body had begun to shiver. It was Ami that stopped the
proceedings, aware that the boy would ejaculate should they excite him any
further.
"Right you can stand up straight now my boy. Hands behind your head and legs
wide apart! Come along no nonsense now."
Gillian quickly took her hands from his penis and testicles; her face was
flushed with excitement, as she stood upright. She had little time to compose
herself as Peter shakily put his hand on his knees and began to straighten
himself. His face was flushed and lips were quivering, as he stood upright. His
total humiliation was plain to see as he looked down at his penis, which was
standing straight out from his body. He shut his eyes in shame as Gillian looked
at him, her smile soft and sympathetic.
Ami had not finished with her humiliation of the boy, as she stood close behind
him. "Get those hands on top of your head there that's the way."
"Now Gillian, if you would take hold of his penis and pull the foreskin back
tightly, I will make sure he is nice and clean behind there." Ami moved around
to stand beside Gillian as she watched naked boy shiver and shake her eyes
examining him from head to toe.
Peter shivered once more, unable to stop himself looking at Gillian as she bent
down on one knee, her face, only inches from his erect penis.
Gillian looked up at him, her smile soft and gentle. "Don't worry Peter I won't
hurt you. Just try and keep still now." He watched in horror as Gillian gently
took hold of his penis with both hands, her fingertips carefully pressing the
soft flesh. Her beautiful face looking up at him, watching his shameful
expression as she gently slid his foreskin back until it was stretched tight. He
could not help jerking his hips backwards as Ami reached forward and pinched the
top of his penis between her delicate fingers. "Hold still, or I will ask
Gillian to hold you by the testicles." Her tone was sharp as she wiped the cloth
around the sensitive glans of his penis, causing him to jerk his hips backwards
with the acute sensation.
"One more wipe and then you are done" She exclaimed brightly as she deliberately
caught the glans of his penis with her fingers as she wiped beneath it.
Peter's body was shaking from head to foot as the girls let him go. He blushed
profusely as Gillian patted his cheek. "I'll get the trays ready and you can
take them up to the officers deck. Don't worry Peter it will all be over after
today, I promise."
Impulsively she leaned forward and kissed him gently on the lips, deliberately
letting her tunic graze over the tip of his penis as she held his face in her
hands.
Peter's body was shaking with the utter humiliation he was feeling. As he looked
at Gillian's kindly expression a tear rolled down his cheek. Too embarrassed to
say anything he hung his head as she let him go, fighting his desire to cover
himself as once more Gillian looked down at his naked body.
His penis was so excruciatingly hard that it pointed upwards away from his body,
he could not help  it throbbing up and down as he stood facing her with his
hands at his sides. To his relief she turned away from him and started preparing
the tray of drinks. He watched helpless and ashamed as Ami helped Gillian to put
the cocktail thermoses upon the silver serving-tray.
"Right I think that is everything." Gillian said brightly as she handed Peter
the tray and stood back to let him pass. She felt a tremor of excitement as she
watched him walk out of the galley, closely followed by Ami. His Penis wobbled
up and down as he walked and Gillian noticed that his buttocks were clenched in
an effort to minimise his nakedness.
Peter could hardly breath such was his humiliation as they walked the corridor,
passing several young girls along the way. He could hear their soft chuckles and
giggles as they passed him by. They reached the stair well and ascended the
stairs to the upper deck. The corridor was beautifully decorated; the walls held
framed paintings of ships and schooners and side tables held ships clocks and
fine instruments of navigation. The flooring was marble with Egyptian rugs
centred and equally spaced along the walkway.
It was not long before they came to a heavily rosewood veneered door that
disguised the storm door that guarded the officer's deck. Peter turned his head
towards Ami as they approached the heavy door, which was already ajar.
"Right Peter I will enter while you wait here with the tray, we don't want
another reoccurrence of last time do we now? You may put the tray down on the
table... and just to keep you out of mischief you will stand with your hands on
your head."
Peter blushed once more as Ami walked past him, tapping him lightly on his naked
buttocks. She noted that his penis was still hard, although now pointing more
towards the floor. The girls are going to have a field day with this young man,
she thought as she pushed the heavy door aside and passed through the opening of
the bulkhead and into the sunshine which flooded the outside deck..
Peter stood as he had been instructed; his knees feeling shaky and his mind
wishing that his penis would subside before he was bade to enter the deck area.
He had placed his hands on his head making him feel foolish and vulnerable. He
did not have long to wait as Ami reappeared and stood before him, an amused
expression on her face. She did not speak but took a packet of wet wipes from
her shoulder bag. Nonchalantly she took hold of the boy's penis and skinned back
the foreskin, ignoring his groans of anguish and embarrassment she wiped around
the tender flesh behind the rim of the glans. Peter jerked his hips backward,
trying to escape the acute sensation to his penis. His action was stopped by a
firm slap to his thigh, as she held his penis firmly.
"Stand still or your bottom will be having a little electro therapy." Ami
admonished him as she reached around his hips; one hand still holding his penis
and her other hand slipping the moist tissue between the cheeks of his bottom.
Peter looked upwards in despair, his embarrassment complete as the pretty young
guard wiped his bottom; at the same time her delicate fingers manipulating his
penis back to a full erection. Ami knew exactly handle the boy to cause the
maximum sexual stimulation. Her finger occasionally grazing over the sensitive
glans, sometimes a fingernail teasing open the tip of his penis, her other hand
pressing hard against his anus or tickling underneath his scrotum.
"Right I think that will do! Pick up the tray and follow me. Come along hurry
up, we haven't got all day."  She slapped his buttocks as she let go of his
penis and watched him shakily turn to pick up the tray of drinks from the table.
She was satisfied to see that his penis now pointed upwards towards the ceiling,
the turgid member wobbling from side to side as he moved.
She led him trough the doorway and on to the deck. Peter was so humiliated and
embarrassed that he could hardly see as he stepped into the warm sunlight. It
was fortunate that Ami turned and took the tray from him as he entered the deck;
he was near to fainting as he took in the sight before him.
The girls had formed their reclining chairs and sun lounges into a semicircle;
their bronzed bodies sat or laid in a variety of poses as they waited for their
prey to step into the arena. Ami had quickly put down the tray and deftly
positioned Peter to stand in the centre of the semi circle.
"Hands on your head and feet well apart, come along you know the drill by now
when you are about to be examined." Peter quaked with shame and fear as he took
in the sight before him. There were about twelve girls, some were wearing both
pieces of their bikinis, some were topless and some were entirely naked. One
thing they all had in common was their beauty!
One Oriental girl, who was entirely nude, was laid on a bright yellow sun bed.
Her slender limbs stretching sinuously as she moved her position and sat up on
one elbow to better evaluate the naked youth that had been made to stand naked
and fully displayed.
A tall girl of Amazonian proportions stood up and stood in front of Peter as he
placed his hands upon his head. Her body was as perfect as Peter had ever
imagined a body could be. She was dressed in a bikini bottom, Her naked breasts
were large and firm and yet her waist tapered to minute proportions above the
shapely swell of her hips. Her long thighs were smooth and beautifully shaped.
She was perfectly proportioned in every way, her skin glowing with the sheen of
a light summer tan. Her blonde hair was tied back and her beautiful and
intelligent face broke into a smile as she addressed him. Peter was mesmerised
with her beauty as she looked down at him, her even white teeth glistened
between her sensual lips.
"Well young man how does it feel to be on display?" Peter was near to fainting
as he looked up at her. He had always been in awe of beautiful women, and here
he was being made to stand naked before a statuesque girl of sheer beauty and
perfection. He blushed profusely as she looked him up and down, quaking with
fear and embarrassment as her eyes looked down to his erect penis.
She placed her hand under his chin, immediately feeling the warmth of his
blushing face as she made him look into her eyes. "You know Peter that you have
been a very naughty boy and you are going to be punished for your rudeness." Her
eyes searched his face for emotion as she spoke to him. She could see that he
was near to tears as she softly stroked her fingers over his cheek. "We are
going to give you a little punishment of our own before you are sent to see the
captain. Any boy that can't keep control of himself deserves to be punished.
Just look at this!"
She took her hand away from his face and dropped her gaze to his erect penis,
noting that the boy could not help but drop his head to follow her lead and look
down at himself. A thrill ran through her beautiful body as she tapped his erect
member with her fingers, watching it sway from side to side.
Peter gasped in horror and despair as she touched his penis. He felt near to
fainting as she moved around to his rear. She leaned her head so that she could
look over his shoulder, her soft cheek touching his. He felt her breasts press
against his back as she reached around his waist and deftly took hold of his
penis, immediately pulling the foreskin to reveal the head and glans. With her
free hand she smacked him on the bottom.
"Don't hang your head Peter." She said softly. "Look up and look at the girls,
you have been a rude little boy, a little peeping Tom. It is now your turn to be
the subject of unwanted attention. If I catch you closing your eyes, I shall ask
Ami to put her little device into your bottom and press the trigger and I know
you won't like that will you Peter?"
Kate kept her voice low, her lips only millimetres from his ear as she held his
rigid penis firmly, her fingers running up the shaft and then pulling the skin
firmly back to expose him to the interested gaze of the girls. She reached
around him with her other hand and gently took his left nipple between finger
and thumb, her bright red nails grazing over the tender nub of flesh.
"Answer me boy, I expect you to cooperate fully with what we have in store for
you." She could feel the boy's body shiver and shake with fear and embarrassment
as she held him firmly. Tears of shame were rolling down Peter's cheeks as he
answered her, his lips were trembling and his voice sounded hoarse.
"N...no miss, er it hurts very much."
"Ah, so you have had a taste already have you?" She looked across ay Ami who had
moved to the rails, away from them so that she would not obscure anyone's view.
Ami nodded her affirmation at the unasked question.
"Well young man, let me tell you what is in store for you." As Kate talked to
the boy a young girl got up from one of the sun lounges. She was completely
naked. Her slender body was darkly tanned all over. Colette was petite in
stature, her breasts which were small and pointed, glistened with their light
covering of oil as she moved in the sunlight. The darker puckered skin of the
aureoles contrasted with the almost pink skin of her erect nipples. Her torso
was lean and slender slimming to a minute waist and completely flat stomach.
Unusually her pubic mound was plump and full against such a slender body. She
was bereft of any hair except for a small patch the size of a penny above the
crease of her sex.
Colette picked up a stool and moving towards Peter, placed it in front of him.
She then moved behind him and out of his sight for a moment before reappearing,
this time she held a small leather tawse in her hand, which she placed carefully
on the stool. The two tails of the tawse hung over the edge of the stool, the
stiffened handle angled straight towards him as if a pointer to his fate.
Kate was almost whispering as she held her body against the naked boy. "I am
afraid Peter that you are to be punished individually by each of the girls here.
You will receive no more than four stokes from each of them, but they may apply
them how and where they like. I expect you to be a brave boy and take what we
are about to give you with good grace. You have been naughty and now you are
about to receive our punishment. Are you going to be a good boy and take your
punishment like a man?"
Without warning, Kate drew his foreskin back, stretching the skin tightly before
firmly slapping his bare bottom.
"Come along answer me!"
Peter could hardly stammer as he eyed the leather tawse upon the stool. He was
aware that all eyes were focussed on his erect penis as Kate held his foreskin
firmly and brought her other hand around to gently cup his testicles and pull
them forward,  displaying them for the attention of her audience.
"Argghhh." Peter groaned loudly as she held him so intimately. A ripple of
predatory excitement ran through the girls as they heard him groan for the first
time, a prelude to their torment of him.
Kate let go of the trembling boy and moved away from him. She felt sorry for him
and yet was excited by the prospect of what they were to do to him. She realised
that he was shyer than she had ever imagined a boy of his age could be. She
could not stand boys or men with the arrogant bravado of the average male ego.
Instead she had turned to the gentleness and subtlety of her fellow sex. But
this was different; here was a male that fitted her ideal, slim and beautifully
proportioned, neatly featured and a nature that was shy and malleable. She was
sure that the rest of the girls shared her views about him as she watched him
standing with his hands clasped firmly to his head and his legs spread wide
apart, his cheeks aflame with embarrassment and confusion.
"I think Colette should be first, ladies." She turned to Colette and smiled at
her. "You may do with him what you wish, within the guidelines of what we have
discussed earlier."
Peter stood and watched as the girls pulled their sun lounges even closer to the
stool, which had been placed in front of him. His mind was in limbo between
embarrassment and confusion, his cheeks were burning with humiliation and he
still could not believe that the girls were really intent on using the leather
tawse upon him. He had had an inkling earlier that this was a charade designed
to frighten him rather than to seriously punish him.
He was left in no doubt to his fate as Colette stood before him and with a
beckoning finger bade him follow her to the stool.
She sat down taking the tawse in her right hand as she did so. "Peter stand in
front of me, I want to have a good look at you before I decide exactly how to
punish you.
Peter quaked as he walked the two steps to stand in front of Colette, his cheeks
burning with embarrassment as he steeled himself to look down at her naked body.
He had managed to keep his hands on top of his head, feeling utterly foolish as
he stood in front of the naked girl. Her lithe body mesmerised him as he looked
down at her, he realised suddenly exactly where he was staring and quickly
averted his eyes.
"So you are up to your tricks already are you Peter?" Staring at my breasts...
even at the point of your punishment for previous misdemeanours, well Peter what
do you have to say for yourself?
"I'm sorry mm...miss, I really am sorry." Peter stammered as he dropped his head
and looked down at his feet, tears rolling down his cheeks as he stood shivering
with fear and humiliation, his shins almost touching her beautifully slender
legs.
Colette placed the tawse on the deck beside her and looked at him, her pretty
face showing no emotion.
"Not as sorry as you are going to be in a moment, now come closer and let me
have a look at you. You are obviously incorrigible and beyond reasonable
behaviour." She reached forward and placed her hand behind his knee as she bade
him stand closer. She looked amused as he managed to shuffle forward a few
inches, feeling utterly foolish as his legs touched her knees, his erect penis
only inches away from her. "Stand with your legs apart, you silly boy, can't you
do anything right." Peter blushed profusely, his cheeks aflame with humiliation
and shame as she patted the inside of his thighs until he had spread his legs
well apart. Her knees were now in between his legs, his erect penis only
millimetres away from her naked breasts as she leaned forward and looked up at
him.
"Look at me Peter and listen to what I have to say. If I catch you closing your
eyes or looking away I will have Ami shock you in your bottom, do you understand
me?" Peter looked at the pretty young girl, her stern face showed no emotion as
she placed her hands upon his hips. "Right Peter, I am going to examine your
body thoroughly and then I am going to punish that little bottom of yours!
"Now look at me and do not close your eyes." She held his gaze steadily as she
slid her hands over his hips and down the side of each thigh. "Do not take your
eyes from mine Peter, I want to see your shame, so you understand me?" Although
his eyes were full of tears he managed to continue looking into her eyes as she
smoothed her hands down each of his thighs. Peter shivered as he felt her knead
the flesh before moving her hands to the inside of his legs, her delicate
fingers causing him to shiver. He knew with utter certainty and dread that her
hands would move upwards to his genitals. It was the utter certainty of it that
caused a shiver to run through his body as inexorably her hands moved higher.
Colette could see the utter dread in his face as she mover her hands higher
until the back of her hand brushed against the smoothly shaven skin of his
testicles. Such was the slow deliberation of her first contact with his genitals
that he jerked his hips backwards. Colette quickly smacked his thigh. "Don't you
dare pull away from me, you naughty boy!"  She replaced her hand on the inside
of his thigh before speaking again, making sure that his eyes were still looking
into hers.
"One more display like that and I will have you shocked in your bottom, do you
understand?" Peter's lips were trembling and his throat was so dry with fear and
shame that he could hardly speak.
"I'm sorry... er miss" Peter managed to stammer as suddenly he felt her delicate
fingers cup his testicles and draw them forward from in-between his legs.
Deliberately she hesitated a moment, holding his gaze steadily, before
encircling his penis with her other hand and pushing the foreskin back. She
could read the shame in his eyes as she held his testicles in one hand and
exposed his penis fully with the other.
"Aren't you ashamed Peter, being made to stand naked while I display you like
this." The tears rolled down Peter's cheeks as he stammered his reply. "Please
miss, I meant no offence, I.... er I..."
Colette did not let him finish his sentence. "It is far to late for excuses
Peter, take your hands off you head and come around to the side. I am going to
take you over my knee and smack that naughty bottom of your."
She moved her legs and without letting go of his penis and testicles moved him
until her was stood at her side.
"Over you go, there's a good boy." She let go of his testicles and placed her
hand on his bottom while pulling him over her lap with a firm grip on his penis.
"There you are that's the way, now let me have a look at this bottom of yours."
Her words were designed to provide the maximum humiliation as she took her hand
from his penis and trapped the rigid member between her naked thighs. Delicately
she placed both hands on either side of his bottom cheeks and spread them wide.
Cheekily she pushed a fingertip against his anus, watching the sphincter
contract to evade the intrusion. "Now Peter I want you to relax your bottom and
keep still, while I smack your cheeks". She raised her hand and brought it down
in a hard smack across his bottom. "Don't you dare tense your bottom, do you
hear me Peter" She started to stroke his bottom, her soft touch moving from the
back of his thighs upwards and over the hillocks of his buttocks.
Peter looked at the deck only inches from his face. His hands were flat against
the wooden decking and his legs were dangling in the air as she stroked him
gently before suddenly lifting her hand and smacking him once more with her bare
hand.
"er... Yes miss, he managed to stammer as he felt her legs squeeze together,
tight against his erect penis. To his horror he felt his rigid member begin to
throb with the intimate contact of her soft inner thighs. He valiantly tried to
relax the cheeks of his bottom as her hand stroked gently over the tender flesh.
Colette reached for the tawse and raised it high above his naked buttocks before
bringing it down firmly. She watched fascinated as the leather bit into his
flesh. The tawse was designed more as an implement of shame rather than that of
pure corporal punishment. Although they were thick, the tails of the leather
implement were soft and very pliable, giving the effect of being beaten with
perhaps a wetted towel, rather than the bite of an instrument of correction.
What was realistic enough was the loud sharp slap of the tawse against bared
flesh. Peter grunted at each stroke of the tawse as it was brought down quickly
and firmly over his upturned bottom. He had never known such humiliation and
degradation. The beauty of the girls; the shaving of his genitals; the almost
casual handling of his most private parts, all contributed to his utter shame.
He felt a gentle hand take hold of his shoulder and gesture for him to get up
from across the knees of Colette. His face was bright red, partly from his
upturned position - and partly through the extreme embarrassment of his
punishment.
He stood before her once more, obediently his eyes met hers and held her gaze as
he replaced his hands on his head and stood with his legs well apart.
Colette could not help smiling as she noted his obedience and eagerness to obey
her previous instructions even though she had not asked him to do so.
"Now you are to apologise to me Peter. I want you to tell me that you are sorry
for being a dirty little boy." Peter held her gaze, unable to stop yet another
tear rolling down his cheeks. He was aware that his penis was throbbing up and
down, a fact that had already been noticed by Colette and the other girls.
"Please miss, I am so sorry... er for being a dirty little boy. I promise I will
never do anything like that again." Tears rolled down his cheeks as he stammered
his apologies. Colette softened her expression and stood up her body almost
touching his, she slapped his penis lightly with the tips of the tawse, watching
him flinch with embarrassment rather than pain.
 "Right Peter, I have finished with you for a while. Stand up absolutely
straight, open your legs wider and face the girls. On no account must you avoid
looking at them, or anyone that addresses you directly. Are you clear on that
Peter?"
Peter gulped, but obeyed, placing his hands more firmly on top of his head and
opening his legs even wider as he faced the girls who were watching his every
movement.
"One day you will learn to control this!" Casually she slapped his penis with a
downwards stroke of the tawse, causing his rigid member to wobble up and down,
before dropping the tawse on to the stool and moving back to her sun lounge.
Kate eyed the girls as they sat or longed in a semi circle around the naked boy.
Although Kate could sense an air of excitement... to the average onlooker the
girls would have appeared to show but a mild interest in the proceedings. The
cool demeanour common to the very, very pretty girl is not merely a haughty
attitude, but rather the barrier against the constant attention that their
beauty itself encourages from male admirers. Even at a young age the girls would
have already developed their cool and unapproachable exterior, masking any
expression that could be confused with encouragement. All the girls onboard ship
would, if they had been placed in a different environment, have been the beauty
that stood well above the merely average.
Peter faced the girls, his body shivering with embarrassment, acutely aware of
the terrible throbbing of his penis as he stood naked before his tormentors. He
blushed profusely as several of the girls got up from their loungers and
proceeded to form a line in front of him. He desperately wanted to hang his head
in shame rather than look at them as he had been ordered to. A tall slender
bodied girl stood in front of him, her long black hair cascading across her
shoulder as she tossed her head. She reached out a hand and gently cupped his
chin, moving his head until their eyes met. Her rich Southern American accent
made him feel even smaller than he felt already.
"Now honey bunch, let's see if few more hard smacks will make Sunny Jim here go
down, mmm shall we sweetie pie?"
Peter blushed profusely as she took a firm hold of his penis. "Let's just skin
him back and have a good look at him shall we girls?" She held the tip of his
penis with one hand and pulled back his foreskin with the other, stretching the
skin tightly until the heel of her hand was pressed against the smoothly shaven
flesh of his pubis. Peter could not help jerking his hips away from her as she
exposed him fully.
Roslyn was enjoying herself tremendously as she felt the throb of his penis
beneath her fingers. She watched her friends gather around his trembling body to
see exactly what she was doing to him.
"Well you are a sensitive little fellow aren't you? Just stand still now and
let's see what you're made of." With that remark she let go of the tip of his
penis and grasped his testicles in the palm of her hand, her long fingernails
pressing against the perineum as she squeezed and rolled the testes within the
scrotal sac. Peter could only gasp at the way she handled him so nonchalantly as
if she was examining a horse.
"Arrggghh...ooohhhhhh." Peter groaned aloud as he felt her squeeze his testicles
firmly and stretch the skin of his penis even tighter. "Arrggghhh.... arrggghh."
He groaned again as he felt one of the girls behind him, suddenly part the
cheeks of his bottom and insert her slender fingers inside the crease, exploring
the sensitive opening of his bottom.
The six girls seemed to close in upon him, their hands seemingly everywhere upon
his body stroking their soft fingers over his torso, occasionally tweaking his
nipples and squeezing the soft flesh of his bottom. Their naked or near naked
bodies brushing against him as they busied themselves with examining him.
"Keep still, sweetie pie while the girls have a good look at you and then we'll
smack your little bottom for you." Roslyn could see the utter embarrassment of
the boy written right across his face, as she humiliated him both verbally and
physically.
"O.K. girls, lets get into a line. Hey who's handing out the paddles? They are
on the desk over there. Ah uh you got them honey, O.K. Bring them over and we'll
get this show on the road."
Peter looked aghast as he saw one of the girls carrying a pile of leather
paddles with which she proceeded to hand out. Roslyn let go of his testicles but
retained her firm hold of his throbbing penis as she turned away from him and
addressed the girls.
"Come on... lefthanders that side and the rest of you this side." Quickly the
girls formed a line as the nearest girl to Roslyn handed her a leather paddle.
She turned back to Peter and placed the end of the leather paddle under his
chin, lifting his head so that he was looking her straight in the eyes.
She spoke to him softly, almost tenderly, watching the frightened emotion on his
face and the tears welling up in his eyes.
"O.K. honey, you get to walk down the middle of us. When you get to the end of
the line you walk for about another metre and then you turn around and come
back. You do that twice altogether. What you must not forget is to keep your
hands up on top of your head and make sure you walk nice and slowly. Do you
think you can do that for me honey, mmm?"
Peter looked stupefied, his face burning with humiliation. He understood what
was about to happen, having seen similar scenes at school. Where the unfortunate
youth had been squirted with water pistols as they 'ran the gauntlet' as it used
to be called.
He looked into her eyes, his eyes pleading as he spoke. "Please miss... er I'm
sorry miss...er" She suddenly let go of his penis as he spoke and stroked her
hand gently over his blushing cheek.
"Don't worry honey bunch it will all be over soon. Just manage to get it right,
there's a good boy, otherwise I will make you go again." Peter felt his lips
begin to quiver, he knew he was near to fainting with embarrassment as Roslyn
took him by the hips and turned him to face the girls.
Three of the girls were on one side and Roslyn joined the two girls standing on
the other side. She turned her head to face Peter. O.K. Honey bunch start
walking... and keep going past the end of the line until I tell you to turn. You
got that, sweetheart?"
Peter blushed a deeper shade of red as he started to walk between the two rows
of girls. He felt utterly stupid as his erect penis wobbled and bobbed up and
down before him. His naked body exposed to whatever they would do to him. Two of
the girls were completely naked the rest had removed their bikini tops. Peter
was in awe of their beauty, he dropped his head in embarrassment no longer able
to keep control of himself. He squeezed his eyes shut and walked forward
blindly, trying in vain to shut out the humiliation of his ordeal.
"STOP" Roslyn's voice was like a whip, shaking Peter out of his almost trance
like state. He looked up his eyes showing the alarm he felt at her sharp rebuke.
"You are not to close your eyes or hang your head, now go back and start again.
You do that again Sweetie and I'll squeeze your balls so hard that you will wish
you had never been born."
Peter could not help crying as he looked up at the beautiful girl. The tears
rolled down his cheeks as he tried to muster his senses enough to speak.  "I am
so sorry miss... please miss" He sobbed, his knees shaking and his shoulders
heaving with emotion.
"O.K. Honey just go back and start again. I will forgive you this once."
Roslyn's voice was soft and tender, almost the whisper of a loving nursemaid.
Her complete manipulation of his emotions elicited exactly the response she
wanted from him. She watched as he pulled himself together and walked back to
his started point. She could see that he was acutely aware of his total
nakedness, trying desperately to hold the cheeks of his bottom together as he
turned away from them.
The girls watched as Peter started to walk between them. This time he walked
upright his eyes looking straight ahead and his hands clasped together behind
his head.
They had arranged themselves so that instead of being exactly opposite each
other, their positions were staggered, allowing them more room to swing their
paddles as well as making the line longer. They held their paddles at the ready
as he approached. The first girl caught hold of his penis as he approached
squeezing it as he walked past her. She let go of him as he walked directly in
front of her and then raised her paddle and brought it down hard on the centre
of his bottom. She heard him gasp as the paddle spanked his tender flesh. His
gasp becoming louder as the second girl took hold of his testicles, her slender
fingers jiggling the ball sac as he continued his progress down the line.
'Craacck' a second paddle smacked against his buttocks as another hand grasped
his penis. This time it was Roslyn that pushed his foreskin back and then
smacked the errant organ with her fingertips as he shuffled rather than walked
between the two rows of girls.
"That's the way honey you are doing fine, she whispered before raising her
paddle and smacking him smartly on the tender cheeks of his bottom.
"Arrggghhh... ooohhhh...   arggggghhhhh." Peter gasped and groaned as he made
his way between the girls. Although the paddles were made of softened leather,
his bottom was beginning to feel sore. He twitched and shook as the girls
handled him intimately, their soft hand and delicate fingers, squeezing and
kneading his flesh. Peter could not believe the utter degradation he felt at
having his penis and testicles being held and intimately manipulated as if he
were horseflesh,
He almost skipped with pain and humiliation as the last girl pinched his penis
as he walked past, before aiming her paddle low and catching the tender
underside of his bottom cheeks with a mighty swipe. He continued for a few more
steps before hearing Roslyn shout to him.
"O.K. Peter, you did alright that time, now turn around and come back; keep you
r eyes open and lets see if we can warm that bottom of you're a little more this
time.
It was like a nightmare as Peter walked back through the row of girls. Their
hands left no part of him untouched, their paddles smacking him across the
buttocks time and time again. He stumbled rather than walked, gasping,
groaning... almost screaming with anguish as the young girls punished him
diligently. Such was his pain and humiliation that he lost track of the amount
of times he had walked between his row of tormentors. Tears were running down
his cheeks and yet his penis was erect and throbbing with sensation as they
casually handled his genitals before smacking his tender and burning bottom
cheeks with their paddles. His buttocks were on fire as he came to the end of
the line, his voice hoarse with his cries of anguish and pain. He was just about
to turn again when Roslyn spoke.
"Stop where you are Peter, your punishment is finished for the time being." She
looked at the montage of stripes and blotches across the cheeks of his bottom.
She knew that twenty-four strokes of the paddle would be hard for anyone to bear
and yet she was quite sure that he was crying more from the humiliation and
degradation of his chastisement rather than the pain.
"Stay where you are and I will come and see to you. You may take your hands from
your head, but you are not to cover yourself or touch your bottom, is that
clear.?"
Peter managed to mumble a replay before unclasping his hands from his head. He
flinched momentarily as he felt a soft hand upon his shoulder. "Alright Peter, I
am not going to hurt you any more, come with me and I will see what I can do for
you." The softness of her voice brought tears to his eyes once more as she led
him to one of the sun beds and placed two large cushions across the middle of
the mattress. " Now lie face down with your hips over the cushions. Come along
I'll help you."
Gently she helped him kneel upon the bed. " Just spread your knees, before you
lay down, that's a sweetie." Her voice was soft almost a whisper as she watched
him go on to hands and knees and then with a sigh of embarrassment spread his
knees apart.
Deftly she took hold of his erect penis and pulled it further between his legs
as she placed her other hand on the small of his back and bade him lie down. His
penis was now pointed downwards against the edge of the cushions and his
buttocks were elevated well above the level of his head.
Peter felt foolish and vulnerable, acutely aware that his bottom was stuck up in
the air and that his penis was in plain view for anyone to see. Roslyn came
around to his side and sat on the edge of the bed. Her body, naked apart from
the briefest of bikini bottoms glistened in the sunlight as she looked at the
trembling boy. "Turn your head towards me Peter, Kate is bringing you a drink
that you can suck through a straw while you are lying there. You still have some
more smack bottoms to come, but we are going to let you have a little rest for
the time being."
Peter turned his head towards her, resting it on his hand, acutely aware of the
proximity of her nakedness. He felt her hand stroke over his back and over his
upturned buttocks, before dipping her fingers low between his legs and gently
squeezing his erect penis.
"My you are a big boy, aren't you honey bunch. Perhaps this will go down if you
just lay here quietly." Peter felt her squeeze his penis once more before
letting go. It felt painful having his penis held back between his legs rather
than laid under his tummy. He watched as Roslyn got up from the bed and made way
for Kate who had brought him a drink in a sealed cup with a long flexible straw
made in clear plastic. She placed it on the deck and gave him the end of the
straw. Just lean up and drink that and then you can have a little rest. Her
naked breasts actually brushed against his shoulder as she leaned forward and
gently kissed his burning cheek. Peter watched, feeling embarrassed and
vulnerable as Kate moved away from the sun bed. Peter drank most of his drink
and then rested his head on his hands and closed his eyes.
Kate and Roslyn walked the short distance to the back of the deck and through a
storm door that led to their own lounge area. The room was large and spacious
and like the rest of upper decks of the ship, was beautifully furnished. There
were soft leather chairs and low coffee tables arranged around the room, which
could have been mistaken for the interior of a smart gentleman's club apart from
one item. In the middle of the room was a gynaecological chair to which was
strapped a naked girl. Her shapely legs had been spread wide apart and strapped
into stirrups high above her head. Her bottom was fully exposed and almost
lifted off the surface of the leather-covered chair allowing access to every
part of her body. Her wrists were fastened to leather cuffs set into the side of
the chair and her head was laid back against a padded headrest. She was moaning
loudly, her pretty mouth was wide open and her legs and hips jerked in spasms of
exactly four second intervals. Kate walked over to the naked girl and
nonchalantly took hold of both of her nipples between her finger and thumbs.
"Well Susanne my dear girl, what do you think of out little Easter eggs?"
The naked girl panted her reply between gasping for breath. Her firm breasts
heaving up and down as she jerked her hips uncontrollably
"Please miss Kate... no more I can't stand it any longer." Kate smoothed her
hands over the girl's breasts before running them down across her abdomen and
over the flat stomach to the lush prominent mound of her naked pubis. She cupped
her hand and gripped the girl between the legs. Taking care not to disturb the
fine electric cable that emerged from between the thick puffy lips of her labia.
A second cable emerged from the pink rosebud of her bottom hole, both cables
being attached to a grey box that had been placed on the floor at the side of
the chair.
Roslyn was already bent down on one knee at the side of the box and at a signal
from Kate she turned two of the dials. Immediately the girl gasped forcefully
and her hips rose off the seat of the chair in a frenzied attempt to escape the
electric jolt of the egg shaped devices that had been placed inside her vagina
and her anus.
"I think our girl is ready for us now, don't you Roslyn." Roslyn smiled as she
stood up and placed her hands on the girl's nipples. "I will let you do the
honours Kate." She said as she ran the palm of her hands over the erect nipples
of the helpless girl. "Come on honey, let's see you cum for me." Roslyn bent low
and kissed the girl on her lips, robbing her of breath as Kate carefully parted
the neat plump labial lips and teased the clitoris free from the prepuce. Her
fingers spread like scissors holding the flesh back to expose the clitoris
fully. She rested her other hand on the girl's plump pubis and deliberately ran
her fingernail over the engorged nub of erectile flesh, which she had just
exposed. Susanne raised her hips in a violent jerk as Kate, almost cruelly
teased the prominent clitoris, now rubbing over the sensitive surface with her
fingertip.
Roslyn watched the girl's face; she was beginning to toss her head from side to
side in abandonment as the girls expertly teased and manipulated her body
towards an impending orgasm. The deep and penetrating throb of the large egg
shaped electrodes allowed her no respite from her sexual torment.
"Poor baby, going to have a nice big cum now are we?"  Roslyn's sardonic tone
further increased the young girl's feeling of vulnerability, knowing with
certainty that she would be made to climax while they watched her every
movement. Kate took one hand away from the girl's vagina for a split second and
smacked her firmly across her exposed bottom. Immediately she returned her hand
and quickened her stimulation of the young girl's erect clitoris.
Roslyn felt a thrill of excitement as the captive girl approached her climax.
Suddenly her whole body stiffened, her back arched in an uncontrollable spasm
and her breasts shuddered as she tensed into a rigid form. Kate's fingers were a
flurry of activity, rubbing quickly but lightly over the girl's most sensitive
organ. Roslyn did not betray the excitement she felt as she looked down at the
beautiful distraught young girl laying prostate and spread-eagled before her.
Deliberately she pinched both nipples hard and held them firmly. The girl
appeared to be in seizure as she climaxed, her body held rigid in incredible
ecstasy. Her hips were thrust upwards, immobile apart from the incredible
quivering of her straining muscles. Her mouth was wide open and every sinew of
her body straining as her orgasm was held mercilessly by the two girls with the
help of the steady throbbing electrodes within her vagina and anus. Suddenly she
screamed. "Argggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" a prolonged wail as wave after
wave of sensation coursed through her body. Kate thoughtfully put her foot over
the footswitch of the grey box as the girl suddenly collapsed back on to the
examination chair. Her breath expelled noisily from between her lips as her
muscles went slack Her head rolled to the side and her face and body drained of
any vestige of expression or strength. Kate stopped the pulse of the electrodes
and gently cupped her hand over the girl's plump pubis, squeezing firmly, but
being careful not to stimulate the girl further.
Gently both Kate and Roslyn stroked their hands gently over the young girl's
body, a gentle and tender caress before taking their hands away. Kate lowered
the stirrups to a comfortable position for her legs and Roslyn undid the cuffs
that encircled her wrists.
"You rest there, sweetie and we'll come and see to you a little later on."
Roslyn turned to her friend and quickly slipped her hand down the front of
Kate's bikini bottom. "I guess you did enjoy that dear Kate." She laughed as she
squeezed the rounded hillock of plump flesh., feeling the moist lips of her
vagina. "Looks like a wet afternoon in spite of the sunshine." She laughed as
she slipped her hand out of the bikini bottom and from in-between Kate's thighs.




8

The girls walked back out onto the deck and into the sunshine. A welcome cooling
breeze tempered the warmth of the day. The ship had anchored during the night to
wait its turn to enter the Suez Canal, before continuing its voyage into the red
sea and beyond through the Arabian Sea.. Their voyage would take them through
the northern part of the Indian Ocean and past Sri Lanka. Heading east, they
would pass the Bay of Bengal and the northern tip of Sumatra, before heading
south through the strait of Malacca to Malaysia. In the distance the girls could
see the shores of Dumyat, their vision of the shoreline distorted by the
refraction of heat from the desert sands.
Kate looked around the luxuriously appointed deck. Some of the girls were
sunbathing; their beautiful bodies splayed provocatively as they enjoyed the
warmth of the sun's rays. Others were sat around the bar area sipping ice cold
drinks from thermos glasses.
Occasionally their eyes would turn towards the boy. His upturned bottom
displayed as if in invitation to punish or torment. Peter had been lying quietly
for about twenty minutes he was acutely aware of his nakedness and the close
proximity of the girls. He could not help flinching each time a girl walked past
him, or blushing at the thought of the humiliation he had endured at their
hands. He felt a hand gently stroke over his bottom, shivering as delicate
fingers trailed down between his legs.
"Open your eyes Peter, are you awake?" Peter opened his eyes to see a young girl
bending over him, her face only inches from his own. She was fully dressed in a
white silken shirt and matching white cotton skirt. She was small and slender,
her pretty face, wearing thin-rimmed spectacles made her look even younger than
her eighteen year. Peter blushed as the girl looked in to his eyes; her words
making his stomach churn in acute fear and embarrassment. Behind her stood a
taller blonde girl, dressed in the same whites and carrying a leather tawse. She
moved around to the other side of the bed, out of Peter's sight, and knelt down
beside the bed. The first girl looked at Peter, her pretty blue eyes looking
directly into his as she spoke.
"My name is Jill and it is my turn to spank you now. So if you will get up on to
you hands and knees, I will take the cushions away and you can have your bottom
smacked kneeling just where you are. Up you get then, there's a good boy." Peter
blushed profusely, looking at the young girl and yet not believing that someone
so young and innocent looking could actually mean to smack his bottom. He
groaned in anguish and embarrassment as he raised himself from the sun-bed until
he was on his hands and knees. He felt utterly embarrassed as he watched the
girl carefully slide the cushions out from underneath him. He blushed again as
the soft fabric of the cushions rubbed against the tip of his penis causing him
to jerk his hips and try and raise his bottom even higher.
The girl's studious expression belied the enjoyment she was feeling as she took
the cushions away, noting that the boy's penis was already semi-erect. "If you
will give me the tawse Lisa, I will smack him first, while you hold his penis
and testicles out of the way." Peter felt his stomach churn in utter dread and
trepidation as he heard her words. He felt the soft skin of the Lisa's forearm
brush against his bottom as she handed the tawse to Jill, who was kneeling in
front of him. He watched in horror as she nonchalantly took it in her right hand
and proceeded to swish it through the air.
Behind him, Lisa leaned forward and reached her hands out underneath his hips.
She watched as the boy almost jumped out of his skin as he felt her delicate
fingers encircle his scrotum and then other hand grip his penis firmly. She felt
a thrill run through her body as she deftly slid his foreskin right back,
exposing the glans fully, much to his obvious dismay.
Jill stood up and walked around to the rear of the boy. His knees were spread
wide a apart and she could see Lisa's hands busily kneading his testicles and
manipulating his foreskin up and down the shaft of his penis. She raised the
tawse and without warning him, brought the thick leather down hard across the
very centre of his naked buttocks. Jill could not have described the utter
sensuality of the emotion she felt as she watched the tawse impact the soft
flesh of his bottom and heard the sound of the hard 'slap' as the leather met
his flesh.
"Arrrrrgggggggggghhhhhhh" Peter groaned in anguish and pain as the leather bit
into his buttocks. He could not believe that so slender a girl could have beaten
him so hard. He clenched and unclenched his bottom cheeks trying to rid himself
of the pain unaware that a second stroke was already on its way.
"Slaaaaaaaaaapppp" The leather again enveloped the tender flesh of his bottom.
Jill shivered with excitement as she watched the boy buck and writhe with the
pain and indignity of the second stroke of the tawse.
Lisa busied her fingers, moving her hand quickly up and down the shaft of his
penis, her other hand gently kneading and hefting his testicles until she felt
the penis begin to harden into a full erection. "Poor baby" She whispered softly
to him. "Fancy having to have your poor bottom smacked so hard." She squeezed
his testicles firmly and pulled them forward as she caught sight of Jill raising
the tawse high in the air. "Relax your bottom, there's a good boy and let the
strap do its work." Peter shivered with humiliation and pain as Lisa slipped his
foreskin down the shaft of his penis and held it tight as once again the tawse
bit into the soft flesh of his bottom.
"Slaaaaaaaaaaaaappppp" The tawse bit right into his bottom, the two tails
curling under the overhang of flesh between buttock and thigh. "There's a good
boy" Lisa whispered, her excitement almost palpable as she gently drew his
foreskin up over the glans her fingers grazing against the sensitive tip as she
once again held his testicles firmly.
Jill was too excited to hesitate and savour the moment she raised the tawse high
and with all her strength brought the instrument of punishment hard against the
juncture of his thighs.
"Arggggghhhhh"  His scream of anguish was music to her ears as she watched him
buck and writhe in pain and utter degradation. She stood for a moment clutching
her breast, aware that the other girls were watching the naked boy as he tried
to deal with the pain. She could see that he was sobbing with distress, his
shoulders moving up and down and his body shivering with emotion.
Jill knelt down by his side and gently stroked his cheek. "There Peter, I'm
sorry I have had to smack your bottom, but that's what naughty bottoms are for.
You can thank me for spanking you and then I'll hold your penis and testicles
out of the way so that Lisa doesn't catch them with the tawse." Peter looked at
the young girl through his tears; her expression was so demure that he could
hardly equate what she was saying to him.
"I am so sorry miss, I'm  er.. so sorry." Peter could hardly speak as he looked
at the young girl, who had so cruelly spanked his bottom. "Please forgive me
miss"
Jill looked at him coolly. "Then thank me for punishing you." Peter could not
believe how utterly humiliated he felt as he tried to form his words. "Thank you
miss... er thank you for punishing me." He sobbed the words, blushing a deep
crimson as Jill gently laid her hand against his cheek.
She watched the boy continue sobbing as she walked around the bed, noticing the
bright red welts clearly delineated against his pale skin. She moved around to
the other side of the sun bed, handing Lisa the tawse as they passed by each
other. She knelt down on the deck and reached under the boy's chin, making him
turn his head towards her. "Now Peter I want you to look at me without turning
your head away while you are being punished. Lisa is going to give you another
four strokes of the tawse on your bottom, and I am going to hold you like this."
Peter groaned as Jill deliberately increased his humiliation by making the boy
look at her as she slid her hand under his chest and smoothed her fingers down
under his tummy before grasping his penis firmly. She heard him gasp as her
fingers encircled his penis only to moan more loudly as she cupped his testicles
in her other hand and squeezed them firmly.
"Now be a good boy and take your medicine." She said; as she deliberately
slipped the skin of his foreskin down the engorged flesh of his penis before
bringing back up, squeezing hard as the skin slipped over the glans.
Peter was quivering from head to foot as Jill held him firmly. He did not hear
the first swish of the tawse as it travelled through the air and found it's mark
across the centre of his bottom. He quivered and shook as Lisa lashed his bottom
four times, her strokes equally as hard as that of her companion. He screamed
with anguish as the tawse came down across his buttocks, leaving him no respite.
"Arrrrrggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh. He screamed as his already tender bottom
received stroke after stroke. Lisa had equally spaced the tawse, marking him
from the top of his buttocks down to the crease at the juncture of his thighs.
Jill was in heaven as she watched the pain and anguish upon his face increase as
he received each stroke, unable to hide his pain, humiliation and abject dismay.
His penis throbbed mightily beneath her fingers as she deftly brought him to the
very edge of a climax. She was careful to not to go to far; holding him firmly
for the last stroke and then squeezing his testicles at the same time as her
fingers pressed hard against the perineum.
Jill took her hands away from his genitals; she could see that a droplet of
clear liquid had already formed at the tip of his penis.
Peter gasped and shook, tears rolled down his cheeks and dropped on to the bed
below. His arms felt weary from the prolonged 'hands and knees' position, which
he had been required to hold throughout the eight strokes of the tawse; the
results of which were now clearly emblazoned across his tender bottom cheeks.
Peter was left him no respite; several of the girls, on Kate's instructions came
across to the bed and helped turn him over. They watched his anguished face as
they laid him with his tender buttocks overhanging the edge of the bed;
unceremoniously hoisting his legs in the air while two of the girls took his
legs and held them wide apart. They held them back and above his chest, lifting
his buttocks high off the bed.
Peter watched in horror as Kate stood between his legs a thin rattan cane in her
hand as she looked down at him. He was aware that his penis was standing
upwards, the exposed tip, pointing straight in the air and that his testicles
were hanging down between his widely splayed thighs.
The girls had gathered around him and wherever Peter looked, all he could see
were the beautiful bodies and faces the girls, looking down and examining every
inch of his body. A shiver ran through his body as Kate held the cane between
two hands and spoke to him. Her tall statuesque body seemed even taller as he
looked up from his spread-eagled position on the bed.
"Well Peter just four strokes to go. You are not to close your eyes, do you
understand me. Peter nodded, unable to speak through his shame and tears. He
felt his head being lifted and held as one of the girls, who was completely
naked, slid across the bed above his head and straddled the soft mattress. She
took his head and rested it against her tummy so that Peter could do nothing but
look at Kate as she stood back and raised the cane above her head. Suddenly he
felt several hands grasp his testicles and penis, soft fingers holding his most
intimate parts. He felt his foreskin being forced back down the shaft of his
penis and his testicles pulled up away from his buttocks. Cleverly the girls
manipulated his testicles and penis causing him to gasp with sensation.
. "I am afraid this is going to hurt you Peter, but it is for your own good."
Kate's voice was soft and controlled, in stark contrast to the swift stroke of
the cane, which bit into the tender flesh of his bottom.
"Arggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Peter raised his hip in agony as the pain
seared through his body. He had never known such torment; his body shivered and
shook, vainly trying to ease the snakebite sting of the slim rattan cane.
"Swiiissssssssssssssh....craaaaaaaaaaaacccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkk.The cane
bit into his flesh once more, his buttocks shivering and quaking with the 
intensity of the unrelenting pain. Such was his anguish that the girls let go of
his genitals, watching as his penis, although erect and engorged, still managed
to slap from side to side against his hips. His head was thrown back against the
soft flesh of the naked girl as his mouth opened wide and he gasped for air.
The girls took their cue from Kate, taking hold of his penis and testicles once
more and holding them away from his buttocks as Kate quickly raised the cane.
"craaaaaccccccccckkkkkkkkkkk." The cane bit into his flesh again. The soft skin
immediately reddening as the cane impacted.
"arrrrggggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh." Peter screamed. His voice
pitched high into a wail as the pain coursed through every nerve ending. His
body shook and shivered, his genitals, once more freed by the girls, slapped
wildly against his hips and tummy.
Kate's voice was calm and controlled as she thrilled at the site of the naked
boy laid prostrated before her. "Poor baby, fancy having to have such a hard
smack-bottom. Never mind it will soon be over. Try and keep your bottom still
for the last stroke there's a good boy."
Kate knew full well that Peter would not be able to keep his bottom still; her
words were merely intended to inflame and embarrass his senses. His anguished
face was a testimony to her success as she nodded to the girls, watching them
quickly take a firm hold of his penis and testicles, as once more she raised the
cane and brought it down in a graceful arc, watching the rattan bite into his
flesh.
"Arrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." Peter's body
stiffened as if he had been electrocuted. His head was thrown back and his
scream was hideously high pitched as he fought the pain.
"arggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." Beside himself with pain he shivered
and shook, his head lashing from side to side as the unrelenting pain seemed to
build to an even higher intensity. The girls held his genitals firmly this time
their fingers expertly milking him as he writhed and shivered. He became aware
that his testicles were being squeezed and that his foreskin was being
manipulated up and down as his body quivered and shook in anguish.
"There poor baby, did I hurt your little bottom." Kate's words humiliated him as
he once more became aware of his shameful and exposed nakedness in front of the
young female officers.
He was in a daze as they lifted him from the sun bed; only vaguely aware of the
silk scarves being tied to his wrists, and the stretching of his arms as they
fastened his hands high above his head to the chromium plated overhead
stanchion. He offered no resistance as his feet were spread apart and fastened
with soft silk to the cleats set into the deck. He felt a glass being fed to his
lips and water fill his mouth as they bade him drink.
The girls watched him carefully as he stood beneath the stanchion, his legs
spread wide and his arms stretched above him. He had opened his eyes and Kate
could see that his pupils were now properly focussed.
She looked down at him with a kindly expression as she raised the glass to his
lips once more. Peter drank greedily before Kate lowered the glass and put it
down on the table beside her.
She smoothed her hand across his face and then down his chest. Peter became
acutely aware that her firm jutting breasts were only inches from his face as he
looked up at her.
"Right Peter this will be the last part of your punishment from us today. You
have been a naughty little boy and have shown no respect for our privacy. So now
we are all going to watch you, while you have your privacy violated."
Peter looked aghast as Kate spoke to him. He could see the girls had formed a
semi-circle around him and was well aware that his naked body was freely on
display to everyone.
"Now Peter, we are going to make this penis of yours stiff again." Peter
shivered as she emphasised the word "penis" by taking hold of the base of his
now flaccid member and slapping it from side to side against his hips.
"Jill and Lisa are sitting behind you. Jill is just going to pop something into
your bottom. And then she will milk your penis until you ejaculate in front of
everyone." Peter tried to turn his head to look, but could not see either Jill
or Lisa, who were sat on small stools behind his widely, spread legs. A small
table had been placed to one side, on top of which were a variety of instruments
and a full range of anal electrodes. The table also held a large assortment of
jars, tubes of electrode lubricants, towels, a bowl of hot water and a bucket
full of ice.
Peter was so embarrassed at Kate's announcement that he blushed profusely, the
blood rushing to his cheeks until they were coloured a deep crimson.
"You will keep your eyes open and face the girls while Jill is milking you. Do
you understand me?" Peter was shivering with embarrassment, he tried to drop his
head, but Kate held him under the chin and made him look up at her.
"One more attempt to look away and I will ask Ami to put her shocker to the end
of your penis and press the trigger, have you got that young man?"
Peter blushed up again, his head spinning as Kate held his face close to hers
and looked him straight in the eye. Her beauty overwhelming him and her words
embarrassing him so much that he could hardly breathe.
He jerked his hips in shock as he suddenly felt his buttocks being stretched
wide apart. He heard Lisa's voice admonish him. "Keep still or I will hold you
by the testicles - to keep you still! Do you understand me?" Peter could barely
mumble his affirmation as his buttocks were stretched wider and a lubricated
finger started to probe the puckered flesh at the entrance to his anus. His
buttocks seemed to be on fire as Lisa stretched the mounds of flesh apart. She
watched intently as Jill, probed with her slim finger until the sphincter
dilated enough for her to slip her finger inside him.
"Arrgghh" Peter could not help but groan as Jill expertly slid her slender
finger all the way in and began to probe and prod the sensitive mound of the
boy's prostate gland. "Argghhh" Peter groaned and shivered again as her
fingertip rubbed against the sensitive gland.
"Smaaaaaaccck" Jill delivered a sharp slap to his buttocks while at the same
time pushing hard against the sphincter with a second finger. Expertly she
manoeuvred her hand until she had two fingers firmly inserted up into his
bottom. "Relax your bottom now, don't be a naughty boy, I would have thought
your bottom was sore enough as it is without me having to smack you again."
"Arrrggggggggh" Peter moaned as she lubricated his anal passage, pressing this
way and that, curling her fingers and then widening them in a scissor motion
deep inside him. She lubricated his anus diligently, pushing in and out of him,
incessantly stretching the virgin orifice, until she felt that she had him loose
enough to insert the egg-shaped electrode.
Kate watched the boy begin to shiver with sensation. She looked down at his
genitals, seeing the telltale throb of his penis as it began to engorge.
He tried to turn his head as he heard Jill speak to him. She had pulled the
stool, she was sitting on, closer to him and he could feel her breath against
his buttocks.
"Just relax and breathe deeply, there's a good boy." Peter attempted to do both
aware that his penis was beginning to erect as Jill's delicate fingers explored
inside his bottom. Suddenly he felt her slip her fingers from his bottom and
press something large between his buttocks. He jerked his hips forward
attempting to escape the object that was invading his bottom.
Kate quickly reached down and took hold of his penis in both hands. She slipped
the foreskin back and ran the palm of her hand over the sensitive opening of the
urethra. As Peter pressed his hips back to escape the acute sensation to his
penis, he felt the egg shaped object being pushed firmly upwards into the tender
opening of his anus. He gasped unable to believe that he could accommodate
anything so large within his bottom.
Jill expertly introduced the narrowest part of the device through the opening,
carefully increasing the pressure as she watched the sphincter dilate.
Inexorably the bulbous egg slid slowly up inside him, stretching him so
unexpectedly that he involuntarily bent his knees outwards in an obscene gesture
as the widest part of the device was pushed upwards through the sphincter into
his anus.
Jill watched the ring of muscle contract over the shiny metal of the electrode,
accelerating it up into his bottom. She gently patted the cheeks of his bottom
as the device disappeared inside him. Nonchalantly she wiped the lubricant from
her fingers with a towel before taking the cable that was attached to the egg
and plugging it into the control unit.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jane Marwood


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





