BDSM Library - The Corporate Type




The Corporate Type
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Corporate Exec type female gets busted in a foreign country for trumped drug possession. Sentenced to prison we find her humiliated and forced to submit to unbearable acts from the townspeople who pay rent to use her.
Corporate Type


Chapter 1



Caroline was finally where she thought she should be, nearly at the top of the
corporate ladder. She sat in this 27th floor office overlooking the edge of a
bustling southern city. She had been everything that a woman had to be getting
here, though some considered her ruthless, and spiteful. Now there was only one
more position she needed to acquire, that was president of this fine company,
and she was contemplating how to do just that.

She reviewed her plans mentally. First she had to find a way to put the current
president in such a bind that he'd be forced to resign and then she would be
nominated as the most logical replacement. How to do it was the problem. He was
married and that might go in her favor she decided.

What she did not know however was that on the other side of the building, plans
were already in motion to remove her from her position as vice president. Seems
that some of her decisions in the past had irritated everyone enough to want to
put her in her place once and for all.

So the business world turns I suppose.

The men and women on the other side of the building elected to hold a business
convention, and lure her out of the country so that it would be easier for her
to disappear. She had disowned many of her relatives so they certainly wouldn't
miss her and her properties stateside would be handled by the company if it
appeared that she had swindled money from the business.

So it happened that the men, and women really wanted her to fall, and fall hard.
In fact a few of them secretly spoke of making her their personal out of town
slave!

When they approached her with the opportunity to attend the convention she
readily agreed, thinking this might be the chance she needed to oust the
president.

Early in the morning the cabbie picked up her luggage and drove her to the
airport where the company had leased a private jet to fly the company hierarchy.
Others were to catch coach seats on a commercial airline. The flight was to take
three hours, and after checking in at customs they would meet in rooms at a
plush resort. When Caroline arrived at the airport she was given a note that
said she should take the flight right away and the others would follow on the
commercial jet. No other explanations were given.

Caroline decided that three hours alone might be ok after all, and boarded the
jet.

The charter didn't spare any expense in the liquor department and since she had
no one to talk to, Caroline drank enough booze to put herself to sleep.

When the jet touched down she was still drunk and needed assistance getting off
the plane. The airline staff carried her to customs and deposited her in a chair
along with her baggage. Caroline woke and felt hands pawing her chest and waist,
so she tried sit up immediately. When she opened her eyes she saw a few men and
women in uniforms standing around her while another felt her body. She attempted
to stand but was ordered to remain sitting.

"You are being detained here in customs, is your name Caroline Hathaway?" The
man who had been groping you inquired.

"Yes my name is Caroline Hathaway, and I am Vice President of Harding
Industries." "What the hell is going on here, and don't ever touch me again or
I'll have your job!" You raged at him.

At this every one of the uniformed personnel in the room drew a pistol from
their holster and pointed it at you. The man said to you, "Ms Hathaway you are
going to be searched for contraband." "Our dogs smelled something and we have
reason to believe that you are carrying drugs on your person." "Stand up and go
over to the partition and disrobe while our female customs agent observes."

You were shocked and refused to do so.

He said, "There is no option, you will be searched here or in jail." If you
refuse you will be taken to another facility where we will do a forced strip
search and body cavity search." "That however, would be entirely unnecessary if
you cooperate right here!"

With those menacing weapons pointing in your face you decided to comply and
pursue revenge later. You stood and walked toward the far side of the room and
the female agent followed close behind.

Once behind the curtain you saw a long table against one wall and nothing else
in the area. The female agent spoke to you in a Hispanic dialect. "All your
clothing must be placed on the table, then you will stand facing away from the
table with your hands on the wall above your head."

Your hands began the frightening task of disrobing. First your shoes, socks,
then blouse, skirt. Finally when you were wearing only bra and panties while
this agent watched with penetrating interest. You started to turn your back
while your hand went behind you to remove the bra when the agent stated, "Keep
facing me, don't turn your back."

You had to removed the bra in full view of this other woman and when you did so,
out of the cups fell some white plastic packages. You watched as they dropped
onto the floor and the agent yelled to the others in the room. Her weapon was
again lifted and she said, "She's got drugs on her, come quickly."

You wanted to cover your now bare breasts as three men in uniform stormed behind
the partition. The woman said, "Look at the packages that fell on the floor,
they came from her bra!" You tried to speak but the men grabbed your hands and
pulled on you each going in another direction. Your breasts became exposed
immediately and you felt them flop around in full view of everyone. The female
agent stooped to pick-up the packages and placed them on the table in front of
you. Then she looked at you and spoke again. "These will be tested for
contraband, and if found you could be doing hard time here." "I will have the
men release your hands and you will remove your underwear next is that
understood?"

You looked around at the leering eyes of the men and when you met her eyes you
said, "Those are not mine, I don't know where they came from, and I will not
remove anymore clothing til these men will leave!"

One of the men spoke next, "You will remove your underwear now!" "Or we will
remove it for you." "Then you will have your cavity search!"

The men let go of your hands and they dropped heavily to your sides while you
felt humiliated and vulnerable with little or no choice in the matter.

The men stepped back and watched as your shaking hands pushed down on your
underwear. If you only had chosen less sexy clothing for the airplane trip, but
you never figured on something as this. When the panties got below your crotch
you looked down and saw more packages fall from within. You stammered, "Those
are not mine either." Then your panties slid completely down your legs. Before
righting yourself you felt your heavy breasts bounce, then when you stood up
your hands instinctively went to cover your pubes and breasts.

The female agent said, "Place your hands behind your head, now, and don't move
them until I tell you to!" You were beginning to become more afraid and unsure
of your situation so you complied, closing your eyes. The agents talked amongst
themselves about those packages and the female agent spoke again, "Come over
here and bend over the table." as she pointed to the flat surface.

You padded over and placed you hands on the smooth cold surface bending at the
hips, looking behind you at everyone. The agent pulled some rubber gloves from
her pockets and stretched them on, then swiftly placed her a hand on your back
and buttocks.

"I am going to search you inside now so don't resist." She stated. "If you move
then the men here will hold you spread on the floor until I finish understand?"

You nodded, terrified at what was about to happen. Then you felt that hand
penetrate your female lips and push deeply. You knew that your nipples responded
only form the sensation of penetration but that bothered you. The agent said
something and you felt her taking something from inside you. She came around to
your face and held two sopping wet plastic bags under your nose. They were
filled with white powder and smelled of you! She placed them on the table and
went back around behind you. This time she pushed into your poop chute and
throughout every second of her search you were moaning in agony. She stretched
you farther than you thought possible. Then she told you to stand up.

When you did, she took a pair of handcuffs and placed them on a wrist bringing
that arm swiftly toward the other behind you.

One of the male agents gathered the packets in a large plastic bag and departed.
The female agent said she would get a robe for you but that your clothing would
not be returned until tests had been done on the substances.

You argued your case about not knowing anything about those packages and about
having your rights violated much less your dignity but no-one seemed to mind you
and when the female agent came back she covered your shoulders with a garment
that buttoned only at the neck. It didn't do a very good job covering your pubic
area because your huge breasts held it open. The agent then told you to follow
her and she went around the other side of the partition into the large room. She
pointed at a chair and said, be seated. Then she left the room.

Here you sat exposed in front of these male agents who had replaced their
weapons in their holsters but their eyes watched you like voyeurs.

You had managed to cross your legs to hide your pubic hair but your breasts
still poked between the garment edges. The clothing rubbed your nipples making
sure they were fully erect. That bothered you, having your large nipples peeking
out at the men.

Sure enough, they must have noticed because one of them said, "Lady, you sure
got a bust that is impressive, and those nips couldn't get much harder could
they?"

You looked at him with hatred in your eyes and cussed, "You'll lose all your
jobs when this is over, you've made a terrible mistake."

"Lady, I ain't the one who had hidden packets on my person, and we have every
right to search you like this." He retorted.

Then as if to make a point he moved in front of you and pushed the garment off
your breasts, looking very close at your huge breasts. He got so close that you
felt his breath on your skin. You shied back but the chair stopped you and this
seemed to make him move closer.

His hand moved up and took the underside of your breast, lifting it upward until
he held it and then let it bounce down. He did the same to the other breast and
all eyes in the room watched it react the same way. Then his fingers and thumb
took your nipple and rolled it between them. He commented, "This is very hard."
"Are you excited lady?"

You tried to shake your mammary gland away from his fingers but he held tight
and you only managed to make his hand follow. His eyes met yours and he glared
as if he was in absolute control of you and said, "Lady I asked you a question,
are we making you excited?"

You replied, "No!" Then added, "You have no right to touch me like this!"

He grinned and said, "Lady, you left many of your rights in your country, and
others you lost when you landed here and carried controlled substances on your
person."  "Stand UP," he shouted.

His hand pulled your nipple and you had little choice but to follow it as he
held tightly.

When you stood fully his hand pulled you away from the chair and you followed,
toward the partition. The other men followed close behind. He pulled you along
the wall next to the table and said, "Back up against the wall, and spread those
legs lady!" Then his hand left your nipple and went down between your legs. His
palm pushed on your labia and your felt the heat of it slide between your lips.
A finger touched your clitoris and made you jerk upward, turning your head as
you began to cry.

He said, "Lady in prison they'll make this very useful and those tits will be
your most precious asset." "A woman built like you can really make a lot of
people happy." His head leaned forward, his lips opening and taking a nipple
into his mouth, sucking hard. You felt his teeth graze it and tongue whirl it
around. You blushed in heat and embarrassment, knowing that your legs would
flood wetness from this horrible erotic touch.

He sucked deeper and deeper until his lips popped off the teat making it bounce
away. You wanted to faint but didn't. Then his hand moved around your pussy and
a finger pushed inside those lips. You were very wet and it slid inside easily.

This didn't go un-noticed and he commented to the other agents, "Feel this wet
pussy guys." He moved away and every man in the group pushed a finger into you
feeling your secretions. You almost lost your sanity but held on thinking that
before long someone would have to enter the room before you were raped.

Those men took turns touching, poking and pulling your nakedness. They never
removed the garment only pushing it aside which made you feel so vulnerable. For
a long time you had to stay leaning back against the cold hard wall while they
commented about your body.

Finally the door opened and all hands dropped away quickly when the female voice
was heard. "Charge her with possession and intent to distribute or sell!"

That shocked you, "I am not using nor am I selling anything," You screamed.

Two male agents held your arms while a third began reciting words from a card he
took out of his pocket. You heard nothing of what he said but realized that you
were in a world of shit right now!

The female agent then took the garment away and said, we've got to take a urine
and blood sample right away. Hold her still."

With two agents holding your handcuffed arms there wasn't much fight left in you
and they maneuvered you over to the table, and after sweeping all of your
clothing on the floor they boosted you up on your bare bottom. The table was
cold and hard and you were held nearly immobile except for your legs. These you
used to your advantage but the struggle was quickly ended when two more agents
grabbed your feet and held on tightly. The table was pulled a few feet from the
wall and the female guard positioned herself behind you and put a choke hold on
your neck.

"Stop struggling bitch, or I'll hold you til you lose consciousness." She
warned.

You stopped your fight and allowed the men to move your legs over the end of the
table and watched as they tied a rope around each ankle and then tied those to
the table legs.

When they had finished the men moved away and the agents on your arms did the
same.

The female agent said, "We will take blood from your arm unless you fight and
then we can easily use your leg or other vein." "We will also put a seat under
you and allow you to pee into it." "Now, are you going to fight?"




Chapter 2


You decided that a fight would only waste energy but having to have blood taken
meant a needle and pain. You began to cry and leaned back on your cuffed hands,
thus exposing your huge breasts even more than they were before.

One of the male agents took your hands and held them saying he was going to
release one of the cuffs and as he did this that one male agent put his hand
under your breast again while he lifted and squeezed. You were distracted by
this and tried to shake his hand off you but the agent behind you held tightly
and after releasing one hand he forced you backward and made you lay down on the
hard surface. The hand on your breast also pushed and there was no way to
resist. When they had you laid back you felt them cuff one hand over the side of
the table to a leg, and the other they held tightly. The male molesting your
breast kept up while you struggled one last time to rid yourself of his hand.

"Stop fighting or we can be very persuasive," The female agent said from behind
the males.

You laid back succumbing to the feeling hand and relaxed your free arm. The
males made room and the female came along side of you holding a large syringe
and needle!  The agent took your arm and bound it with a rubber strap and then
pushed the needle into your vein. Everyone watched as dark steamy blood came
flowing upward into the syringe. Then the female pulled out the needle and
placed a little gauze over the hole she just created. One of the males held it
tight to your skin.

It was then you realized that not only one hand but two were now groping your
breasts, and you stared at those hands as they massaged you. Your eyes looked
over to the owner of those hands who gave you a smile when your eyes met. You
quickly left his gaze and felt blood sweeping into your cheeks while
embarrassment, and humility dampened your heart.

The female spoke again, "I have a seat that we will place under you that you
should pee into." "We will let you sit up if you agree not to cause any
commotion."

You realized that they meant that you had to pee in front of everyone, and you
thought that was unacceptable. "I can't possibly pee here with everyone
watching," you sobbed. Even as the men undid your cuffed hand and moved you up
into the sitting position, you shook your head.

The female agent said, "Well there is always a catheter, that is very easy to
do." "But I think you'd prefer not don't you?"

When the men had you sitting upright, legs still spread and tied to the ends of
the table you continued sobbing while those groping hands continued to maul your
mammary glands, only now they rubbed your nipples more.

It seemed a stalemate at best and you wondered how long before the threat of a
catheter would be carried out. So you tried to think of any other way out of
this mess. The hands and fingers on your breasts continued to distract you as
you felt your nether lips beginning to swell in spite of the lack of sensuality
you should feel.

The female held a plastic seat in front of you and said, "Here is the device we
will place under you, I want you to go as much as possible into it." "We can
bring a bowl or towel to place on your wrist as that is an easy way to make your
bladder let go."

Your brain exploded as the men lifted you up off the table by your arms and you
felt the cool seat placed beneath your bottom. The female said that she wanted
you to bend forward as far as you could so that you wouldn't pee over the front
of the seat. Bending forward only made your breasts hang free and made it easier
for the men touching them to massage you.

The female brought a towel and placed it around your wrist and hand. Within
seconds you felt the urge to pee and despite efforts to hold back, you heard a
trickle spray out into the seat. How humiliating, to have to pee in earshot of
everyone and also have these horrible hands touching your sensitive breasts
without anything you could do.

The female unwrapped the towel from your wrist and then being genuinely cruel
told the men to pick you up so she could remove the seat. "OK, Lets hold her
here until the lab tests come back again." She said. "Oh, boys, don't get too
fresh with her just yet because she hasn't had a trial yet." "We don't want any
bruises on her until then."

You heard that and wondered what she meant by that remark. The door shut and you
were left on this table at the mercy of these males.

Just as soon as the female had shut the door the males surrounded your body.
There were hands on your shoulders that pulled you back until you laid flat
again and your wrists were again held but this time behind your head. The cuffs
were reapplied and you felt the chain between them pulled taught. Hands
continued to squeeze your breasts but with renewed fever now. Fingers gripped
your nipples pulling them up and away from your body. Another set of hands began
to tough your thighs and massage them. You instinctively tried to buckle your
legs and close them but the ties on your ankles didn't permit that at all. The
fingers on those hands crept up the inside of your legs toward your private
place, and there was nothing you could do about it at all! Suddenly everything
in the room went black as you passed out from fear.

When you woke up again there were hands still massaging your body but fingers
held your lips apart while another set penetrated you touching both your
clitoris and the inside of your pussy. The blood in your body ran hot and you
felt every finger on your body. Your breasts were sore from having been handled
so roughly. Your nipples were pinched so tightly that they also hurt. Then
inside you felt the scraping of two fingernails as they manipulated your
insides. Worst of all though were the fingers pinching your clitoris. They
pinched and pinched, pulsing with your heartbeat.

One of the men said, "Close your eyes and relax, we will not hurt you unless you
cum." "We want to see if you can control the sensations we are giving your
body." "If you cum, each one of us will whip you between the legs so as not to
mark you before your trial." "I think that ten strokes from every man here will
be incentive enough for you not to allow yourself the pleasure of an orgasm
don't you?"

You closed your eyes, openly sobbing while you tried to think of other things
than those sensations within your body. You tried counting numbers, and then
thinking of unhappy thoughts but the more you thought the more that you felt the
heat of arousal. Someone was massaging your thighs and that alone was hard
enough to keep from bringing you pleasure.

So what would happen, would you be able to hold out and not give the men the
satisfaction of orgasm or would you end up blasting off and then suffer the
wrath of their whip?

On and on those hands and fingers moved bringing you ever closer to the
inevitable, but you were saved by the opening of the door again. The female
agent came inside and said the tests had proven positive for illegal sedatives
and other substances in her body.

When she came over behind the partition she exclaimed, "Hey guys, what the hell
is going on here I said don't do anything until she has had her trial!" Without
even moving their hands the men said that they were not hurting you and
explained the situation. The female laughed and said that she would put her
money on them but to make things interesting they only get ten minutes more and
then they have to quit. However she wanted to be part of the test and she had an
idea!

"Why not let me suck on a nipple while you guys do whatever, that is the way to
make a woman cum!" She stated matter of fact.

So the female agent put her lips around one of your teats and began to suckle
away. She knew what she was doing and within minutes you felt the overpowering
heat within your loins. Your hips wanted to rise from the table but you fought
that feeling, you didn't want to lose this battle. Just think never had you ever
tried so hard not to experience pleasure, only now it depended on your ability
to downplay their skill.

One of the men moved your other teat around and around pulling it by the nipple
and then he began with two sets of fingers milking it, it was the last straw and
you hips again rose up while your stomach muscles tightened. Your breathing
already labored went wild and you felt your heart race faster until you knew
that the inevitable was about to happen. The fingers inside began to move in and
out much faster and you hit the point of no return. With a scream your pussy
exploded and you shook in orgasm. The female sucking on your teat bit down very
hard and you thought your would lose your nipple, the fingers touching your
clitoris pulled it hard while you bucked up and down on the table. No amount of
twisting and turning dislodged those fingers or that mouth and you moaned from
deep within your throat as the orgasm hit full force. You heard voices
encouraging you on and then loud pounding in your ears.

Fingers left your body and the mouth on your teat disappeared and when you
slowed breathing you opened your eyes. Everyone was standing around looking down
at you and smiling, one hand held a whip slowly moving back and forth above you.
The tip of the whip was a triangular piece of black leather. The female said,
"OK lets begin so we can get her along to jail."  Hands pushed a piece of cloth
into your mouth that tasted like your own underwear and bound it there with
something. Then you saw the whip move in the air toward your legs. You lifted
your head and watched with frightened eyes as the hand holding the whip
positioned it directly above your crotch. Fighting didn't yield any results, nor
did screaming into the gag.

Then you felt the leather strike your lips! It tore into every nerve down there
and sent a white flash of pain to your head. The second blow brought renewed
pain and caused you to move your hips trying desperately to avoid another hit.
Many more blows came until your pussy felt like thousands of pins were piercing
it every second. Your shrieks went silent and the gag kept them from escaping.

Worse still was the fact that the female agent returned her lips to your nipple
and either sucked or bit on it. This was beyond embarrassment, it was
humiliating you terribly. The whip exchanged hands many times until each person
had their chance to torment you. Finally the female agent stopped sucking and
you heard her say, "Instead of whipping her pussy I want to whip these huge
titties!"

You cried a fresh flood of tears.


more in chapter 3




Chapter 3



When the female agent had given a number of slaps directly on your nipples, a
male voice said "The police are here." The whipping stopped and the female
ordered the ties undone and when they had finished that, the males pulled you
upright on the table. The female agent gave you your blouse and skirt, but not
your bra or panties. "Here put these on while they escort you to jail."

"Don't I get to have my bra or panties back?" You inquired between continuing
sniffles.

"In jail they'll take your clothing anyway, so you won't need them, and I kind
of like the panties and the bra myself!" She said looking right into your eyes.
When you had dressed they grabbed your hands and cuffed them behind you again,
then led you around the partition to the waiting police officers.

One of the male agents pushed you toward two huge burly officers. You stumbled
forward without shoes, asking "May I have my shoes and socks back?"

The female officer replied, "Sure we have them right here." She passed the shoes
with socks stuffed inside to the officer and he took them, looking at you and
said, "We have to hurry, so walk barefoot while I carry your shoes."

You had no choice but to follow the first officer while the second followed you.

They took you through many hallways and one thing you noticed was the lack of
people. The place was deserted. They made you walk downstairs and finally a door
opened and you went into the dark night. The lack of lighting surprised you and
they shoved you into the back of a large pure white suburban like vehicle.

One office got in next to you and the other went around front and got into the
driver seat.

The vehicle took off. Then afer going through some sort of airport security
gate, they turned onto a highway, and picked up speed.

The officer next to you broke the silence by asking, "Did you really think you
could get away with smuggling drugs into this country?" He looked at you from
your head to for knees.

You stated that there must have been some sort of mistake and it will get worked
out. "I have never used any drugs and am the vice president of a large business
that will have great attorneys to prove it." Your tone was very bitter and you
shunned the officer.

He asked, "What is your age Lady?" Then he turned in his seat to face you.

You torted back, "My age is none of your concern, and I intend to file a report
about my treatment under those agents back at the airport!"

He looked at you and said, "Lady, get one thing straight, I ask questions and
expect answers, not some snobbish comments from some big titted drug dealer!"
Then his hand settled on your thigh just below your skirt. "I don't intend to
ask you a second time for the answer to my question." His fingers gripped your
thigh and squeezed making you nervous at what this meant.

"My age is 38, why do you need to know that?" You timidly answered.

"Don't move, and I remind you that you would be wise to answer questions." He
said as he looked into your eyes.

The policeman began moving his hand up farther on your thigh until it was under
your skirt and then you felt it touch your pubes. This made you try closing your
legs but he spoke right away, "Keep your legs wide apart, and I won't hurt you."
"If your try to close them you'll be hurt."

The entire ride you felt his hand massaging your labia, but not penetrating
them. Every bump seemed to exacerbate the feeling of total control.

When the vehicle pulled up to a large wire gate between to concrete walls, the
driver opened his window and the uniformed person waved the vehicle through.
Once inside the vehicle stopped and the officer next to you got out. He came
around to your door and opened it motioning you to step out. The cool night air
went up under your skirt and you felt it between your legs, and wisping into the
blouse.

They made you walk ahead of them, across cold concrete to a set of stairs, and
up those into a building. Once you stepped inside you saw a very bright room
with three desks occupying half the space, a counter separated you from those
desks. A man behind the counter seemed to expect you, and motioned around the
counter to a hard dark wooden chair on the end of a desk.

When you had seated yourself one of the officers came and sat at that desk. They
went through the mundane questions of your identity, all the time, between ten
and twelve officers passed in and out of the office and looked at you. After
filling out multiple forms the officer stood and told you to do the same.

He took you by the elbow and walked you toward a door. The door was a solid
white one with a small window about head height. The policeman pressed a button
next to the door and it opened. You were pushed inside that door into a short
hallway, and it appeared to be an intermediate space between two rooms, and as
if by some predetermined signal another door opened and the officer pushed you
alone through that also. The door closed behind you. This space was about ten
feet long, the floor covered by grating like a drain. There are bars on one side
keeping you from being able to touch one whole wall. The bars run horizontal and
vertical, ceiling to floor. The wall beyond the bars is mirrored and you are
almost sure that it is a two-way type as your reflection is dulled. The wall
nearest you is made of metal.

From a loudspeaker a voice says, "Extend your wrists through a slot in the wall
and your hands will be uncuffed."

You see a slot open up not far from you and you walk up to it and back against
the slot, pushing your wrists through it. You immediately feel hands grasp yours
and the handcuffs fall freely away. The slot closes and you step away from it.

The voice in the loudspeaker says, "Remove all clothing, and place it in the box
and shut the box!"

You balk at having to disrobe again but having been treated this badly before it
is something you halfway expected. You slide the blouse off and skirt and place
them in the box which opened like a drawer. Then pushed the drawer closed.

The loudspeaker squawked again, "You will be showering, so scrub yourself
everywhere very good." "When we think you have scrubbed under your arms,
breasts, crotch to our satisfaction we will turn off the water." "A heat lamp
will come on help to dry you." "Then use your hands to rub your body until you
are dry."

Almost immediately water began to drop from the ceiling and you received an
instant shower, and the water was frigid. It made you want to scream, and when
it got into your hair, your head went numb, as did your whole body! You shivered
and scrubbed yourself hard to accomplish two things. It would bring warmth and
comply with their orders. There was no escape from the water and you hated to
have to touch your breasts and pubic area when you knew you were being watched.
Your hair matted itself against your face, and you felt so open at having to
bend over to scrub your legs. When you had scrubbed everywhere you though the
water would turn off but it kept coming and you had to continue to scrub just to
stay warm.

When the water did stop, down from the very high ceiling came two large round
lamps. They were very warm and probably could cook you if left on too long. You
felt the warmth they gave off and remembered to rub yourself until dry. Your
situation was pretty controlled, if you didn't comply who knew what they would
do to you and yet to have to touch yourself all over in front of that mirror was
very demeaning. Still you took the opportunity to warm yourself up and shook
your hair out to dry it. Drying took a long time and made you wonder how many
people were watching.

The lamps went off and the door opened, the loudspeaker came on and a voice
said, "Advance through the door, walk to one of the open cells and close the
door behind you."

You noticed that it never mentioned clothing. You walked forward through the
door and saw what they referred to as cells, cages more or less. The cells they
spoke of were on one side and had heavy thick bars from floor to ceiling on the
front and between each cell. There were some occupied by women as naked as you.
The left side of the area had doors with tiny windows about chest height. You
walked until you got to a cage that had the door open, and went inside, closing
it behind you. Inside was a bunk bed with only metal surfaces on top and bottom,
no mattress. In the corner was a commode and next to it was a sink. Unlike jails
you had heard of this one was immaculate. The other women were about your same
age except for one who seemed to be more a teen than a woman. More observation
of the entire area showed cameras in front of every cage looking in at you.

You spoke to the slender blond woman in the next cage, "What happens here, have
you been here long?"

The only response she gave you was to turn over on her mattress. You looked
beyond her to another woman older than you and inquired of her the same question
but she brought her finger up to her lips and gave the silence signal. You
understood and laid down on the hard metal surface and tried to figure out what
could happen next.

While you were thinking, the door opened and in walked a uniform official with a
mattress rolled up under his arm. He yelled, "Up, everybody." Which caused every
woman in the place to come to the front of their cage and stand tall and
straight. You stood like them and noticed when he got to your cage, he opened up
a portion of the bars in front and pushed the roll through. He also put some
papers in the floor inside your cage and said simply, "Better read the rules."

Being naked in front of him was intimidating but the other women stood stock
still and you figured they knew best. He extended his hand through the bars and
touched you on the breast, feeling it, testing it and then the other. Then he
turned and left.

When he exited the other women returned to their bunks and laid down. You
unrolled your mattress and laid it out flat, then took the paperwork and read
it. The papers were titled, House Rules and Regulations. In other words they
were many pages of rules of the jail. You scanned through them and here is a
sampling of what they said.




Chapter 4



Prisoners must keep silence unless spoken to by a officer.

Cells must be cleaned daily, scrubbed down with a cloth. They specified
underside of the metal surfaces, the commode, sink and even bars of the cells.

Two meals a day will be given, and no food will be returned to the kitchen.

Exercise would be permitted at anytime in cells, but is required in an exercise
area three times daily.

Clothing is not permitted because it might be used to harm oneself and spreads
diseases.

Showering is required after each exercise time.

Hair will be kept neat or be cut at shoulder length.

You laid and read through more rules and wondered what was to happen, but you
were tired and fell asleep.

During your sleep you woke twice and discovered the lights still on but subdued.
You used the commode and drank water from the sink using your hands.

You were woken up with a loud, bell and you saw every woman drop to the floor
and kneel on hands and knees. You did the same. Then the door at the end of the
area opened and in walked two men pushing a cart with something on it.

They came to every cell and opened the small area pushing something inside,
before moving on to the next cell. They came to yours and pushed in two bowls, a
plate. All these were metal and on the plate were three pieces of fruit. In one
bowl was something like a soup or broth with some vegetables. In the second bowl
was something that looked like dry cereal. The other women didn't move from
their position so neither did you and you were starving but stayed put. The men
moved to all the other cells and then across the hall opened the tiny windows
and shoved in the same to the closed cells. When the men had finished, they left
the room and when they had done so, the women crawled forward and began to eat
from the bowls and plate. You wanted to take your food to the mattress but
no-one else did so you stayed on the floor and began to sample the food. The
soup mixture was not flavored but did offer something in the way of good dietary
balance, you drank it from the bowl. The cereal was very bland and somewhat like
bran cereal without sugar. You ate all of it too. Lastly you ate the three
pieces of fruit, two apples and a plum. The apple core and plum pit were placed
back on your plate but you saw the other women had not put theirs there and
whispered to the neighbor woman, "Where can we put this?"

She looked scornfully at you and made a motion to swallow both.

You had never eaten the whole apple core before but decided that it was not a
safe option to leave it there but the pit of the plum, how could you swallow
this?

You tried several times but couldn't seem to do it and decided to take it to the
commode instead, by leaving it in your mouth.

The other women laid on their bunks or you saw them stretch or do various
exercises.

The door opened again and a voice said, "Up everybody!" You and everyone stood
at the front of the cells. Two men came in one carrying a shotgun at hip level
and the other went to two cells and opened them. The men stepped back and the
women inside scurried out in front of them, turning toward the doorway the men
had just came from. Then they all disappeared and the door closed.

Everyone laid back and you did the same.

The door opened again and the same phrase was yelled but the two women didn't
return. That disturbed you. You stood still as the men opened two more cells and
took away two more women, then the door shut again.

What had happened to them, you wondered. Well it wasn't long before you found
out. The door opened and as you stood you saw two women coming through before
the men and pass to the shower door. The men waited while the shower was on,
looking at al of you standing tall and naked in your cells. Perhaps five minutes
passed and the showers stopped and you knew the drying lamps were on. You waited
while the two men walked up and down the central area looking intently at you
and other women. Their eyes seemed to lock on your breasts and pubic areas for a
very long time.

The door opened and out came two women who went right into their cells and stood
like you at the front while the doors were closed.

The men opened you cell door! You exited and another woman with you and you
followed her through the notorious door. The woman led you down a long narrow
brick walled hallway. She passed many doors that had no windows but when she got
to the end of the hall, she opened the last door and the sunlight hit streamed
in. She walked out and you followed. The area was filled with sand, and was
simply a large twenty foot square sandbox with nothing in it except two large
boxes at one end. The men closed the door after you went through it and you
followed the lead of the other woman. She walked around the outside so you
followed. You were not in as good shape as this woman, and after fifteen or so
trips around, you began to tire but not her. She began passing you, and if your
internal clock was working, she and you, walked for the better part of half an
hour before the door opened and she walked back into the hallway. You followed
her back in the opposite direction and you walked past the cells and into the
shower room. She stayed at one end and you at the other. The icy water caught
you off guard and you performed your cleaning ritual.

When you and she had dried the door opened and you walked back to your cell,
closing the door behind you. The rest of the morning (though it was hard to tell
time) was spent laying on your mattress or doing some exercises to keep from
getting stiff.

The men came in and out taking every woman to exercise and shower. Then one time
another two men came in and took you from your cell, applied leg manacles and
hands cuffed behind you. They marched you to the first door in the hallway. When
you pushed it open you saw a room with a large long table, tall chairs around
it, and a large wooden x frame on one wall. There were no pictures on the walls,
nor any other fixtures in the room. You were instructed to stand at the end of
the table and wait.

The men stayed and watched you. A woman came in and in a subservient manner
draped you with a long shawl around your shoulders. At long last you could be
covered. Then the woman left and in filed people, fully dressed, some women some
men.

The table was full and the man at the end spoke first. "We always have a speedy
trial in this country." "You have been charged with transporting illegal drugs
into our country." "Evidence of these drugs was found on your person and within
your person." "Therefore we also charge you with illegal use of drugs."

"The penalties of these charges is severe, do you have any idea what those are
is?" He asked.

You were nervous, having all these eyes look at you while you had no way to
defend yourself, and no idea how those drugs could have been on your person. You
answered his question, "No." "I am innocent of these charges, there has been a
terrible..........."

One of the officials came forward and put his hand over your mouth cutting off
your comment.

The man at the end of the table said, "Let me tell you right now, you don't talk
out of turn, you will answer our questions only, you will be reprimanded for
that outburst." He waved his hand and the official took your smock and pulled it
open exposing one of your ample breasts, and half your pubic region.

You tried to move away but the official reached out and held you by your arm.

The man spoke again. "Lady, you don't listen do you?" "We have little time for
grandstanding here, now if you show another outburst, you will be divested of
all your clothing, understand?"

You shook with fear and answered, "Yes."

He spoke again I repeat myself, "Do you have any idea of the sentences for these
crimes?"

You were scared to ask but choked out the words, "No."

"You could be sentenced to three years for every ounce of drug." "Additionally
for having the drugs in your body, there is a two year sentence." He added.

Another man at the table interjected. "But she hasn't been found guilty yet,
lets carry on with the trial." He added, I would like time alone with the
prisoner first."

At last you thought, there's a person who thinks about humane treatment and you
desperately wanted to speak to him.

The gentleman stood and came over to you, he took your arm and walked you toward
a door.

Inside the room you saw a desk on one wall with two chairs sitting next to it.
Across from that a large leather covered sofa, and book cases along the other
two walls.

The gentleman introduced himself as Mr Morgan and motioned you to have a seat on
the sofa.




Chapter 5



You sat back but not all the way because of the handcuffs, and tried to shake
the shawl back over your breast.

Mr. Morgan saw that but didn't pay it any mind. He said to you, "You realize
that this case is practically open and shut." "What have you to say for
yourself?"

You opened up and began angrily trying to tell him about how you felt everything
was a mistake and that you had not used drugs nor transported any ever.  You
spoke so fast wanting to get everything out and he listened silently for a long
time.

Finally he stopped you and said, "Ms, you say that you are the vice president of
this business and that your co-workers are coming her tomorrow?"

"Actually they should be here today." You hurriedly explained. "We had
reservations at a club near the beach for a conference."

He explained that he would ask the panel to hold off on your trial until he had
time to speak with your co-workers. "Oh, by the way, my services will cost you,
I don't work for free." He added.

You replied, "I have plenty of money and will pay you very well for your
services."

He smiled and with his eyes looking directly at your bust area, he said, "You
can give me something right now?"

You felt those leering eyes pierce the shawl and immediately your nipples
erected under the material. You wanted to be sure he was thinking of that and
stated, "I have no money here, they confiscated it already, bu I can have some
wired to you from the bank in America."

He spoke softly, "Ms, I wasn't asking for money at this time, let us see what
kind of merchandise is under the shawl."

Your heart pounded and you knew exactly what he was thinking of. You tried to be
coy and turned your body a bit acting like you could be shy with him. If you
were going to have to perform, at least he would try and get you out of this
mess.

He stepped over to the sofa and sat down, his hand took the shawl and pulled it
down off your shoulder, uncovering your white skin. His other hand pulled the
opposite side down and it naturally fell down around your waist, and lap. His
eyes grew very large when he saw how big your breasts were. Then he stood up and
commanded you. "Get off the sofa and on your knees."

You knew that if you didn't comply things would be far worse so you immediately
did so. His fingers unbuckled his pants and they dropped to the floor. Next came
boxer shorts and his maleness was hanging right in your face. He said, "Use only
your mouth."

You opened your lips and chuckled to yourself, your hands were cuffed, what else
would you use beside your mouth? Your mouth swallowed him and sucked until he
became hard. Then you used your tongue and lips to try and excite him enough to
bring him off.

He allowed you to suck on him for a long time but you couldn't bring him off and
he moved over to the sofa and laid back, telling you to mount him and sit on top
with bended knees. He told you to move up and down once you had his member in
deep. Then he said to lean forward and he used his tongue on your hanging
nipples which only made you more wet yourself.

Eventually he was ready to cum, but before he did so he made you get off of him
and swallow him in your mouth again. When he came, he said, "Swallow it all." It
was hot!

When he had cum he told you to get off of him and he sat upright on the sofa.
"Show me yourself," he said next. "Get right in front of me and display your
body in as many poses as you can think of." "You can lay, kneel, sit or whatever
but show me everything."

You felt totally out of control, having to display your body as such for a man
was not something as vice president of a business you had ever expected, but
under the circumstances you decided to try and impress him.

First you stood up and parted your knees with feet turned out. This way he could
see your shaved pussy really clear. You arched your back and thrust your huge
breasts upward. Then you crouched with wide knees but heels together and showed
him your breasts again. You knelt and bent forward hanging your breasts, shaking
them a bit, while you watched his eyes to see where he was looking. So for a
long time you moved around in front of him, trying to impress him.

He spoke again. "I suggest we return to the table and ask the members of the
panel if they will grant us one more day to prepare your defense." You had no
choice but to agree.

He walked to the door, but you expected the shawl to be wrapped around you and
waited. "Are you coming or staying here," He inquired holding the door for you?

As you passed by him into the other room, he stopped you and whispered, "I
recommend you show them your body in those poses while I am talking, just to
keep their attention."

That shocked you as you stepped into the room and all eyes looked at your
nakedness.

Mr. Morgan took his seat, and a few of the panel watched him but most eyes were
on you, as you approached the end of the table. He began speaking about whether
or not your trial could wait for the next day. His eyes went to you and he
nodded his head on one side.

You took the signal and began to widen your legs a lot and leaned forward
slowly, shaking your shoulders gently, causing your huge breasts to wiggle
sideways. You twisted and turned around showing anyone who looked, a very
spectacular view of your body. It was humiliating but you felt compelled to do
this just to keep from being made a prisoner. You noticed your nipples grew
large and hard, and you felt heat and wetness between your legs.

Mr. Morgan then suggested, "While I am checking on her story the panel could
take turns individually interviewing you."

They all agreed on that and then Mr. Morgan got up and left the room.

The first person to demand an interview with you was a woman, middle-aged seated
close to you. She, walked over to the door you just came through, held open the
door, and said, "Come inside." Smiling.

You padded on bare feet toward her entered the room and heard the door close and
then she said. "Where did he put that shawl?" Her hands grabbed the shawl from
the sofa and covered you with it.

She went over and sat on the sofa. Then she said for you to stand in front of
her so she could interview you. She held a notepad in her hands.

This woman looked to be in her late thirties, the blouse she wore was loose,
offering no information about her bust, her blue skirt was not tight and down to
her knees. Her blond hair flowed back above both ears and was long in the back,
below her ribs. Her skin had some lines but she looked great otherwise.

She asked you your name, age, height, weight, measurements. When she was done
writing, she asked about marriage, how long you dated anyone, your dietary likes
and dislikes. Then she asked a very personal question, did you masturbate. You
stammered at having to answer, but she repeated her question.

You finally answered that you did on occasion masturbate but nor very often.

She became more inquisitive about when, and where you masturbated, and then
said, "Explain about one of the times."

You were appalled, having to describe such an intimate thing to another woman
you didn't even know.

She noticed hesitation and said, "Get used to talking about things like this, if
found guilty, you'll be doing it in front of others."   You cringed at this and
began describing what she had asked.

Satisfied, she then asked about your most sensitive parts of your body, how they
responded to a stimulus, and which felt the most pleasure. She also asked if you
thought that your breasts were the right size, had you ever wanted larger or
smaller ones?

These questions drove you crazy, having to stand and answer every question from
a female who could be the difference between you being free and a prisoner. She
rose and began to slide the shawl off your shoulders.

When the shawl uncovered your breasts, her fingers came up and each took a
nipple. They rolled and pulled on them. She looked very close at them and then
scanned each breast sliding a finger as if to mark her point of view. Your
breathing increased as this sensation made you feel unwanted things. She moved
the shawl down off you completely and told you to spread your feet widely apart.
She pushed a finger into your sex and smiled feeling the wetness. Her mouth came
close to your head and she whispered softly, "Fuck yourself on my finger."

You shook with fear and embarrassment but began pushing your hips forward on her
upturned digit. She held her finger a while and you moved about on it. Then she
withdrew her finger, put it to your mouth and made you suck your juices off of
it.

She told you to kneel and she raised the hem of her skirt, exposing her pussy
that had no panties covering it! "Lick me until I cum," She commanded.

You put your mouth to her pussy and began licking and sucking, then she sat down
on the sofa with spread legs and let you finish the task. She came wildly,
bucking your face up and down.

When she finished, she sat up and asked you if you ever though of having
children. You replied, "No" and she laid back on the sofa and rested. Then she
unbuttoned her loose blouse and opened it, she wore a bra that had a snap above
each point of the cone and her fingers opened the right one. She pulled out a
wad of cloth and you saw her large purple nipple underneath. She beckoned you to
sit on the sofa and she pulled your head toward her. Your face went right on the
nipple and you realized she wanted you to put the large thing in your mouth.

Her only words, "Suck on it really hard." Took you by surprise but not as
surprised as you were when thick warm milk came out. It almost made you move
your mouth from her nipple, but as you sucked and swallowed you realized she was
lactating!

Her moans let you know that you were doing things just perfect. Arms enveloped
you and you stayed pinned to her side and mouth on her breast.

You though wild thoughts while snuggled close to this woman. When she pushed you
away from that breast, she immediately unsnapped the left cup and put your mouth
there quickly.

After drinking a lot of her milk she pushed you up and closed both cups after
replacing the small folded cloth over those huge nipples.

She stood and adjusted her clothing before motioning to you to leave the room.
Her eyes were warm and trance-like.

You walked naked back into the room where everyone who was seated at the table
had gotten up and now was walking around.

The woman announced, "I am finished who is next?"




Chapter 6



Your heart pounded when a large man and woman both smiled and raised their
hands.

They replied, "We are," Getting up and walked over to you right away.

The woman took your elbow and made you walk in front of her back into the room.
The heavy man followed. When they had closed the door, the woman and man sat on
the sofa and watched you stand there in front of them. The heavy woman said her
name was Mrs. Jones and her husband was Mrs. Jones said, "Since you are probably
guilty of drugs and trafficking, you need to try and convince us why you should
be found innocent." "You can try and convince us, by doing exactly what we say,
do you understand?"

You nodded, thinking every member of this group was probably going to be saying
the same.

"You can see that we are not in the best of shape, but we like to watch exercise
shows on television however they always wear clothing, and you are perfectly
naked, and we want to see if you can impress us." "You only have to do every
exercise we want and we'll vote to set you free." "However if you can't, then
maybe prison will get you in shape."

You stood still in front of them and waited for whatever it is they wanted. The
woman was very large and flabby, wearing a white blouse with bib denim overalls.
She had fiery red hair, probably dyed, but it could have been a wig too. Her
husband was basically as fat as she and he wore grey slacks and a tan shirt that
almost had buttons popping off at his tummy.

The woman smiled and said, "Mr. Jones has a key for handcuffs, he can unlock
them and make it easier for you to perform exercises." "But you have to promise
us that you'll not try and escape, because the only way out of here is through
the meeting room, and if you try they'll catch you there." "Then we'll tell
them, you need to be charged with escape which is five years!"

Mr. Jones motioned for you to walk close to him and he put his heavy thick hands
on your hips and turned you around with your back to him. He uncuffed your
wrists and pushed you forward away from him.

You felt free once more as you rubbed your wrists and turned to face them. When
you turned you felt naked, and brought one hand up to cover your breasts, and
one hand down to your pubic area. This happened before you realized it and your
eyes darted between the two to see what reaction it would bring.

The fat Mrs. Jones said, "I want you to stretch before you do exercises." "You
can do anything you want for the next five minutes but then we get into the
heavy workout, so stretch well."

You were suddenly faced with how to stretch before a workout.  Something you
rarely ever did. How to do so with some modesty while they watched, every move
of every part of your body.

After five minutes the fat Mrs. Jones said, "Ok I want you to jog in place now."

You lifted your feet and slowly ran in place.

"You had better lift those knees higher and swing your arms more!" Mrs. Jones
warned.

The higher you lifted your feet the more your loose breasts flopped up and down.
You almost got off balance from them and you were sure that the fat man enjoyed
watching them.

Minutes went past and Mrs. Jones said, "Lay on your back feet close to us
because we want to watch you do more exercises."

You laid down and then she motioned for you to lift your legs up off the carpet
and widen your feet while they stayed up. Then you could bring them together and
drop them down. This was a perfect way to display your shaven pussy to Mr.
Jones. They made you do many of those until your legs ached badly and you were
glad when she said you could stop.

Next she said you had to do pushups. "You have to do the real thing for twenty
or so and then you can go on your knees." She offered.

Mr. Jones kneeled on the floor, leaned and put his hand on the floor and said,
"You have to put your breast in my hand, wait for me to squeeze and let go, then
you can go up again."

Your first ten pushups were not bad except that he grabbed your heavy flesh when
you laid the breast in his hand and he squeezed hard. A couple times he grabbed
only your nipple and pinched  making you squeal. The closer you got to twenty,
the more your back hurt and legs began to fail. Your breasts were both getting
sore from his treatment too. When you finally got to twenty Mrs. Jones said you
could kneel and lean forward to do the rest.

After your pushups Mrs. Jones wanted you to do things as windmill, squats, leg
lifting and of course more running in place. When you were sufficiently sweaty
and breathing hard, they told you that they were done. Mr. Jones told you it was
time for handcuffs again. For an instant you thought of running but there was no
way you wanted to add five years to your possible time, which might even be
dropped if Mr. Morgan came through.

Both of them got up and walked out of the room, pushing you ahead.

When you got back into the trial area another man said it was his turn, he took
you behind the closed door. He was pretty matter of fact.  He wanted you to put
your head on the top of the desk, making you bend over at the hips. This
position made your breasts hang down and he played with them for a long time. He
fingered your already sore nipples. This wasn't all he wanted, he also went
around behind you and pulled your pussy lips. He kicked your legs wide and you
practically dropped it into his hands. He penetrated you with multiple fingers,
ensuring you were very wet.

He had not said a word except those when you initially walked into the room. You
wondered what else he would do, preparing for a penetration of some other sort.
But that never came. Instead he picked up your head by the hair and made you
walk around the room while he fondled your breasts. He lifted them by the
nipples and cupping them from underneath, making you feel like they were balls
to juggle.

When he tired of making you walk around, he went toward the door and pushed you
through it.

Back in the room you notice there were others! Your secretary, the President,
and four other people from your company. You tried to cover up immediately but
your body was fully exposed with your hand cuffed behind you.

You could tell they were just as shocked as you.

"Please, tell them this is a mistake," You blurted at the president.

The man who sat at the head of the table told everyone to sit down and shut up,
except you. "We will have order here, and the trial can continue." "For the
benefit of the ones who have just arrived I will repeat her charges." "She has
been charged with transporting illegal drugs into our country." "Evidence of
these drugs was found on her person and within her body person." "That means an
additional charge of illegal drug use." "Is there anyone who wishes to say
anything on her behalf?"

Your president stood and said, "I have never known her to use drugs, and can't
believe that she would carry any on an airplane."

The man at the head of the table said, "Is there anyone else?"

Each one of your employees said things in your defense and even asked why you
were made to be naked while on trial. When the last had said something, the man
at the head of the table said,

"You must leave while we think about the charges and render our verdict."

Everyone filed out of the room except you. You still had to stand naked and on
display.

The man then looked at you and said, "We will all vote on your guilt or
innocence."

Around the table each person spoke their verdict, You were stunned as everyone
except Mr. Morgan, said "Guilty!"

"The man at the head of the table said, there is something you probably don't
know about our prison system." "Prisons are expensive to operate and you are
expected to assist in your keep while here in our country." "We all know that
you have an extremely large financial worth." "You might want to consider
transferring some money here to an account we can set up for you." "Your friends
might also assist in putting money in accounts here." "Why don't you talk to
them about that, or give them  power of attorney to handle your assets in
America so that you will survive here?"

Then he turned to the officer and instructed him to allow everyone back inside
so they could hear your sentence.

As the members of your company filed inside, and were seated along the walls,
the man looked directly into your eyes and sneered.

"Members of the panel, we must now address the accused and declare their
innocence or guilt one more time to all those present." "Then we will take turns
stating the sentence." "Look at your manuals for current sentence
recommendations." The senior panel member declared.

You eyes darted from his to your company president, he stared blankly at you.
Your eyes went from his to every member of your company, and each had a
different look in their eyes.




Chapter 7

The senior member turned and looked to his right and asked, "What decisions have
you reached?"

The man spoke while making direct eye contact with you, "I find the charges
well-supported she is guilty."

The senior member went from each member of the panel and they all agreed on your
guilt as they had done before. Each time they said guilty your heart stopped and
silence filled the room.

Then when every member had spoken their verdict the senior member said to the
audience, "We have found this woman guilty of possession and intent to
distribute illegal drugs." "For these crimes you will be sentenced immediately."

"Members of the panel, you must now decide the sentence for this person." "Give
me the number of months she must serve." The senior men said as he turned to his
right and looked at the first member of the panel again.

"I think fifteen years." He remarked. There was a gasp in the group from your
office.

The next member said, "Twenty two years."

Around the table everyone spoke and you were dumbstruck at the time they thought
you should serve. Your heart pounded and you stomped a foot. Tears welled up in
your eyes and your knees became weak.

"I take all the figures given and average out to nineteen years!" The senior
panel member said. "The prisoner will be taken, out and her sentence will begin
immediately!" "For those who are here in support of her defense, we offer you a
last chance to visit with her before she is brought back to prison."

One other panel member spoke next saying, "Visitation is an optional thing and
we find it necessary to charge the visitors to see prisoners." "After the
prisoner is taken out, we will explain."

The official took your arm and walked you into the meeting room one more time.
You were weeping openly by now. You stumbled forward as tears blurred your
vision.

When the official closed the door he took out a blindfold and began wrapping it
around your eyes. He explained that you could not see anything until you had
paid for it because sight was considered one of the privileges. "Ask someone to
get money for you and you'll be able to buy some sight!" He remarked.

You felt his hands maul your breasts as soon as your eyes were covered and you
couldn't do much to get away from him. You backed into something and he held you
there while one hand pinched a nipple another rubbed your pussy.

Your senses picked up now that your eyes were covered and you heard the door
open. Those hands stopped touching you and you listened carefully for who might
enter the room. You tried to tell if it was one person or two, man or woman,
there was movement but no other clues. Nobody spoke.

Then a rough hand grabbed your elbow and forced you forward until you were
jerked to a stop and a hand definitely male pushed you down on your knees on the
carpet. Those hands left you and you felt another set grabs you from in front by
your ears. Your head was pulled forward and your breasts rubbed something, it
felt like the sofa edge. Then you smelled something familiar, a woman. At the
time the scent hit your nostrils you felt flesh and hairs touch your face. You
smelled a pussy!

You felt a whip strike your back and you got the message, service! Using your
tongue, you began to lick away at those hairy lips, parting them and tasting the
awful nectar of urine between them. You didn't balk because the whipping had
stopped and knowing your position if you hesitated that would bring pain to your
back. Hands crept under you, sliding between the sofa and your heavy breasts.
Those hands grabbed your flesh and squeezed so hard that you had to wince and it
affected your licking. Apparently that was what those hands expected because
they did it again. Almost immediately the hips in front of you began bucking and
shuddering.

You realized this woman was having an orgasm. You tasted her juices as she
continued to writhe under your face.

When she stopped bucking her hands picked up your breasts and you knelt upright.
She released her grip on them and you felt her step around you and moments later
the door opened and closed. As she stepped away, you listened for anyone else in
the room and detected breathing over to one side of the room. Who was this last
person you wondered? The door opened and heavy footsteps came in.

Your ears followed the feet as they came closer and closer to you. You could
tell they stepped around you as this person also took their seat on the sofa.
Then you heard your President speak.

He said, "You can't imagine how terrible we all feel at you getting sentenced to
this place, is there anything we can do to help you."

You voice wavered, "Um, yes there is, I need to get some money transferred here
from the accounts I have back home." "They tell me that I will need to have
money to survive, and I can't think of whom to trust with that task." "Will you
help me?"

He replied, "Sure, and I was going to say the same thing." "The man out there
just suggested we take up a collection of money to pay for your prison stay."
"Just let us know how we can get money for you sent here." "We'll need your
signature to get money from your accounts."

Before you realized it, you had told him that you would sign anything to get
money sent here.

He held you hand and said that they had given him a paper on a clipboard. This
paper was one that authorized him to transfer money from as many as three
accounts to this country. He needed your signature and then he could get as many
as three account numbers.

You trusted him only so far and said that you had two accounts in a bank in the
city and as he held your hand you signed the papers.

After signing he said that your secretary would be in next, she was in tears,
and felt very bad that you had gotten into this trouble.  His heavy steps left
and you felt sadness and afraid when he opened and closed the door.

The next person was definitely your secretary as you could tell by her walk and
her perfume. Both were so very familiar. She came over and sat down next to you,
while you were on your knees. She was crying and you felt her arms hug your
shoulders. Amy spoke to you, telling you how embarrassing it was to have you
treated like this, and she would try and get you out of prison. You admitted
that things were probably going to be very bad for you and asked her if you
could trust her with some information. She noted to you that there were three
other people in the room.

You told her that you had given the president the accounts in one bank but if
that wasn't enough could she check out another for you? Amy said she could get
at all your records in your desk and safe. Also you wanted to remind her that
there were places in your house that had things she should go through, and come
back when she had that information.

She then said they were motioning that her turn was over and she had to go.

When she left, others came in and spoke to you. You shed many tears wetting the
blindfold and had to kneel while you knew they could easily see your nakedness.

When the last person on your company list had entered and departed you felt
someone behind you reach down and cup your heavy breasts lifting you to your
feet. They dropped their hands down around your hips and from each side they
pulled a pussy-lip apart until your felt the coolness between them. You felt
breath in front of you, whomever it was lowered their head, until they were
right in your crotch area. You felt hands on your ankles, tightening shackles
around each ankle. Then one ankle was lifted and your foot was set down far
apart from the other. You felt more jiggling below you but didn't move. Then
surprising you, more fingers handle your lips down there and something bit down
on one side, then the other, the hands separating your lips left you right then.
You jumped but the ankle shackles held you feet apart and you almost lost your
balance. They had put something on your lips and it was still there pulling
down. Hands returned from whomever was behind you and gripped your breasts
again, moving right to your nipples. Fingers pinched them and pulled them away
from you.

A voice across the room spoke out, "Do not struggle, these ornaments will be
part of your clothing until we get some money for your stay."

More of those sharp biting things were placed on your nipples causing you to
yelp out, but your struggles only shook the things hanging from your lips.

The hands left you and you stood naked exposed, and blindfolded with whatever
these things were hanging from the tender-most parts of your body.

"You will now begin your prison stay," The voice said.

"Among the first things you must endure is the orientation processing, which
begins now."




Chapter 8

"Stand still," an unfamiliar male voice said. "I am tying strings to the clamps
on your nipples so that we can lead you where-ever we want you to go." "When the
strings are slack, I suggest you don't move, but if you feel a tug in any
direction you will follow the tension, got it?"

The strings became taut as someone led you waddling across the soft carpet and
when you stepped onto the trail room floor your bare feet felt the difference.
Walking was difficult because between your legs was some sort of metal holding
your ankles apart. Additionally were those awful things hanging from your
pussy-lips. When they wanted you to turn, they jerked the string pulling your
nipples in one direction or another.

Whomever was leading you said, "When we get to the door of the jail we will walk
you through the streets over to the prison!"

Your heart pounded, they were moving you out in public?

The answer came soon enough as you felt the floor taper down and you practically
stumbled. Suddenly your felt warmth from some source on one half of your body.
It was distinct like sunlight. Then your feet touched what you perceived to be
concrete or warm asphalt surfacing.

You were led along with jerks forward on your tender nipples. Voices from a
crowd were off in the distance, and they led you toward them. You felt hot air
blowing around you whipping your hair and making your skin begin to bead with
sweat. It was a humid heat, and the sunlight made it that much more intense.

On and on you waddled as the strings kept tension on your tender buds. You ears
took in many sounds. Autos in the distance, birds, rustling of leaves, or maybe
palm fronds. When they turned you to the left you began walking on deep sand and
the voices grew louder as though they were ahead and around behind something.
Closer still you went. It disturbed you to be led along with nobody speaking to
you and you not knowing whom or how many people went with you.

The voices were audible and clearer before long and you could tell they came
from some open space, but where it was you hadn't a clue. The strings kept your
following along until you seemed in the midst of the crowd. They didn't seem to
notice you at all but there were many words spoken in a language you were not
familiar with.

Hands suddenly touched your hips from behind and you were startled, those hands
guided you forward slowly until you felt some steps in front of you. Some strong
hands grabbed your arms and lifted you up til your feet were placed on a wooden
surface.

Instant clapping and a roar of cheer broke out from the crowd.

You were so afraid and embarrassed you almost lost control of your bladder. You
knew your body was totally visible and that your huge breasts hung down in front
of you, not to mention your shaven pussy held wide by that metal.

The cheers went on for a minute or so and then died out. A male voice over a
loudspeaker said, "May I have your attention please." Then as total quiet
ensued, the voice continued, "During a trial today this woman was found guilty
of drug crimes, and sentenced to a long term in prison." "She is from another
country and at this time has been unable to fund her prison stay." "Therefore in
the interest of finance we are offering her services for a monetary exchange."
"We will chain her up here for about two hours so that anyone interested may
inspect her for their needs." He then went on and to describe your body build,
measurements, he announced you weren't a virgin, had never been pregnant.

You shied inside at hearing these things about yourself, especially having them
spoken in public.

Someone took your wrists and uncuffed them, then while two sets of hands held
yours you were turned and pushed up against a large piece of wood. Your arms
were spread up and out, wrists tied wide to something. You felt like you were
strung out on a cross. Next, something was wrapped around the thigh of each leg
pulling out wide. This forced your pussy open even further and made you very
aware of what everyone could see.

Hands left you and you heard the voice once more. This time it didn't come from
the loudspeaker.  It came from next to you. "Ok prisoner, you are to remain here
for two hours while the public inspects you." "You are not to speak unless
answering a question." "Though you are tied and held fast they might ask you to
do something like use muscles or whatever - you will do your best." "We are
hoping that someone wants to pay for your first day or week of prison, and they
will be given something in return, from you." "You better hope they want you!"

You heard footsteps as he walked away.

More footsteps came across the wooden boards and you began to feel hands,
fingers touching and probing you everywhere. They went to the obvious, your
pussy and breasts, but more still wanted you to open your mouth, opened your
nose and squeezed your muscles. No one spoke though and you only felt them
around you.

The touching went on for a very long time and you wondered not only how many
people came up to you but what they looked like. You were beyond blushing, and
though it was terrible to admit, very wet between your legs. You cursed your
nipples not to become hard with these things clamped on them but they didn't
listen to you and firmed up very nicely for these probing fingers. Somehow those
things on your pussy held you open while fingers touched your insides, they
penetrated and re-penetrated you often very rapidly. Worse still were the hands
that covered your heavy breasts, playing with them like balls of dough, rolling,
squeezing, pinching and jiggling. Still, there was silence from the owners of
these hands.

It seemed like two hours had passed when the fingers stopped pinching, hands
left and footstep sounds moved away from you. Now the sun beat down on your body
covered in sweat.

Once again the voice sounded, "Ok people, you have had a chance to examine her,
next we will demonstrate some things you could expect her to do for you." "We
have some things here to show what she is capably of right now!"

The voice moved closer to you and you felt something push around your face, it
was round and long, and they pushed it between your lips so you closed your
mouth. The voice said through the loud speaker, "Open your mouth to swallow
this, and suck on it, or we will shove it up between your buttocks and I assure
you that it will rip you wide open there!"

Hearing that you allowed your mouth to open and took the huge long thick thing
in your mouth. When you sucked in your found that you could breathe through it
like a straw, and as it was pushed deeper you tried to take all of it. Cheering
and clapping broke out in the crowd! This made you cringe at having to perform
such a thing in public!

Next you felt hands around your pussy! Suddenly something slick was pushed into
you and it was very large, widening you up beyond what you thought was possible.

The voice said, "We have a large item here that is very unique invention." "It
use electronics to measure how much of a gripping force has surrounded it." "It
also had temperature taps in three places, and it can lengthen and contract from
this machine here we have between her legs." "We have made it sort of an
automatic sex machine to see how long it takes before she responds and then
measures her responses by category." "We want everyone interested to know that
it is available to rent out with any prisoner, since it never tires it can be
used as persuasion or punishment!" "Today it is for persuasion!" The voice
laughed as did many of the people in the crowd.

That same voice came over to you and whispered in your ear, as a hand unwrapped
the ties around your thighs, and another massaged a breast. "Better perform well
dearie, cause it can tell us how much effort you put from inside while we only
see the outside your body." "Now begin to move yourself back and forth on this
rubber tube for the people or you'll be whipped."

You began crying at having to perform such a hideous thing, imagine the vice
president of a company having to behave like a common slut! You felt a tug on
your nipple and it got your attention so you pushed your hips forward, feeling
the large thick thing move in deeper. You pictured yourself on this cross in
this position and sobbed deeply. When you had pushed yourself as far forward as
possible, the voice reminded you to back it out of you.

So you pulled your hips backward and felt as some of it slides out of you. When
your buttocks hit the wood behind you there was no option but to move forward
again. This time when you moved forward, you felt those things on your pussy
lips graze along the tube tug on your lips. The crowd cheered as you continued
to move back and forth taking the tube and pushing yourself back on it. Clapping
sound became a rhythm and your hips were forced by hands until you kept the
tempo.




Chapter 9

Faster and faster those hands clapped and your hips moved the same, until you
felt that hideous feeling deep inside of an impending orgasm. You tried thinking
about something else, something so disgusting that you wouldn't climax but the
tube was becoming dry and your mouth having to remain open were hard to forget,
you felt the initial tingles deep within as your pussy walls grabbed the tube
and the gut wrenching muscle spasms hit your tummy. You screamed around the
mouth tube as the spasms stopped you from moving and held you breathless on the
end of the tube.

Suddenly you heard silence - even as the spasms hit your heard nothing, not even
a clap, and that disturbed you. Obviously every eye was watching your
performance!

Your body kept jerking forward on the tube until it was completely over and you
sagged on your arms in exhaustion. Your tears began again as you realized that
your put a very private moment on total display for this unseen crowd.

The voice next to your said, "Great, we need two more for comparison!"

You wondered how you would live through this nightmare much less your prison
time! Were you a slut they could use for their experiments and other sadistic
things! Had they no morals or concern for another human?

The hands pushed your pussy back and forth again and you realized that you had
better begin yourself or some worse sort of demeaning act would follow.

The tube kept up it's endless slide deep in and out and as it became dry it
caused much more friction within your pussy. As you moved your hips you felt the
wood behind you change its tilt. It was coming down forward, making you lean
more and more face downward, until it had you at a very uncomfortable angle that
stretched your arms more and caused you to fall on the tube unless you kept your
back muscles tight. Your breasts began to hang more of an angle too.

The tube moved in the same angle as the wood behind you and it kept sliding in
and out. Since it was getting more dry the friction became much more obvious and
it also caused your body to become more stimulated. You felt you nipples harden
in the clamps.

A hand lifted your breast and a voice whispered in your ear, "Come on and show
your stuff Lady, make these people want to spend money on you!" "Think about
that tube inside and squeeze it with your inner muscles." "If you don't you'll
be spending time on this machine until you learn how!"

You became angry at having to show your female stuff and you decided to show
this person a little about how you could use your muscles. Fierceness
overwhelmed you for the first time since your nightmare began, you squeezed
angrily until you felt an orgasm overtake you.

Once more they would watch you jerk and gyrate around the tube, but this time
the angled position you were held in made it harder to lift your hips off the
tube and while you experienced an internal orgasm your back muscles didn't want
to pull up your hips.

Again everyone became silent as they witnessed the second intensive ultimate
female act, and you cursed deeply inside that everyone of them rot in hell. Your
breathing returned to normal and you noticed that hands were cupping both
breasts as the last time. These hands squeezed slowly and firmly, pulling them
down from your ribs as in a milking motion. You wanted to see who this was but
couldn't and had to hang there subjected to any desire these people had. The
clamps on your nipples pulled downward too, and every movement caused them to
keep jiggling which kept them extremely sensitive.

All this time you still had the large rubber thing in your mouth which was
salivating badly and drool flowed uncontrollably out of your mouth. Since the
direction your face pointed was down you had to use your teeth to keep the awful
thing inside, or risk dropping it and having punishment delivered for letting it
go.

You heard the voice next to you say, "You have given a good show so far, but we
expect it to continue, or we use you for some other form of entertainment."
"Lets get one more orgasm from you." "Use your inner muscles to grip the tube
again, it will show if you are actually trying!" "Just in case you think that
you could say no, you will be given a taste of what a prisoner can expect for
refusal, denial, or being belligerent, at anytime."



The hands milking your breasts stopped.

You listened for any clue of what was to happen but you were not prepared for
the sting of something on the underside of your breast! It was like fire touched
you! Again and again, those hot stings came from some sort of stick! Then the
stings came on our inner thighs up one leg and then the other.

You jerked trying to get away from the thing but you were tied and hanging with
that tube up inside your pelvis.

You wanted to scream when something pressed in the area of your clitoris at the
cleft of your pussy. But it didn't sting you like on your legs, instead it
rubbed body above your tender nubbin and made you move your hips back and forth.

Apparently this was the reaction they wanted because it was only held there and
didn't sting you only threaten. You pumped your hips back and forth on the tube
one more time, in effort to please the hand wielding that thing. You also
concentrated on using your inner muscles to work on the tube like before.
Whatever it took to make them satisfied enough to not hurt you like they were
capable of.

You could never ever imagine that someday you'd be hanging naked in public,
blindfolded while being forced to rut on a device such as this, you have thought
it a nightmare. Well, this seemed to be a living one.

Much as you hated to do anything, you didn't want to risk pain from those who
held you prisoner.

You were exhausted but found renewed desperation in this effort to make them
stop torturing you. So before long you were actually glad when you felt another
orgasm build within your body. It made you subtly pleased to feel the jerks and
spasms once more so that those who watched would get their cheap thrill. You
hated this with such a passion that anger turned to a business like demeanor.
They wanted, and you'd deliver!

When you had finished climaxing, you heard peoples footsteps moving away, some
quite mumbling and conversation also seemed to travel. Your body moved back into
the upright position, lessening the stretch on your hands and arms. The tube was
withdrawn and the rubber thing you had shoved in your mouth pulled out.

When you had stood upright for a long time listening to every sound, your arms
were untied and hands cuffed in front of you. A rope was passed up behind your
legs and you felt it circle your neck and was tied. You hands were unable to be
raised up above the area of your waist, but they protected your pubic area for
once. You felt hands doing something with the ankle shackles, and soon the metal
separating them was removed and you could stand with feet close together.

Suddenly the blindfold came off and bright sunlight burned your eyes. You
adjusted to the light and looked around. You were standing on a large platform
in front of a cross as you suspected and the platform was in the middle of an
intersection of roads amongst buildings of three and four stories. There were
sidewalks and curbs, with few people walking around. Some staring at you but
many just going about your business. On the platform were three men and one
woman. One man was dressed like a jail official but the others wore shorts and
shirts.

The official smiled and said, "These gentlemen and this woman have purchased you
for the first day of your prison sentence!" "You are extremely lucky to have
that happen, as most prisoners get stuck in prison for a day or two without food
before they get monetary assistance." "You will do whatever they need for you to
do for the next twenty four hours."

One of the men came up and grabbed your strings on your nipples and you were led
toward the edge of the platform. The woman and other man followed. You walked
across the street into a bakery shop. Customers looked at you as you entered,
and some looked stunned others just stared. You followed the man into the back
of the small shop past many tables. He pulled you into the kitchen and past two
long tables full of dough. The other man and woman followed close behind. Then
he turned down a set of narrow stairs lined with stone walls. At the bottom you
noted it was very dim and warm. He showed you two large sinks, full of water and
a stack of flat pans above your head.

"You will spend time washing these for us," he said. "You'll not be able to
escape because we are going to put chains on you but you'll be free to walk
around and use your hands." "Oh, if a customer wants to come down and use you
sexually, you had better perform to their satisfaction."




Chapter 10

The two men then took some thin metal band and wrapped it around your neck. They
put a lock on it. Then they connected a long heavy chain to the lock. The long
chain was padlocked to a ring hanging on the wall. One of the men felt your
breasts while the other bent over and took the handcuffs off of your hands and
the other removed your ankle shackles.

The room became very bright and both men stepped back and the woman came
forward, she looked you up and down, making you feel very uncomfortable.

"Hold your arms out to your sides,"she said bluntly.

You complied and watched her with interest as she looked you up and down once
more. She seemed interested in your breasts, more than any other part of your
body though. Her scrutiny was very obvious.

"Lift your breasts and offer them to me." She remarked.

Again you complied, terrified at what she might do. Your hands went palms up and
your fingers spread as they held your huge breasts lifting them up for her.

She said, "They look huge but they've never nursed, so I wonder how big they'd
get if we got her to lactate?" She looked into your eyes and while staring at
you spoke. "I think that you are perfect for a milker, do you know what that
means?"

You stammered out a, "No." Even though you had a very good idea what she was
talking about.

She told the men to leave you and her alone, that she'd be upstairs after a
while.

She said for you to keep holding your breasts out for her to inspect.

When the men had gone upstairs she looked at you and said, "I know that your
nipples are supposed to be clipped but I have paid for your services and want to
remove them." Her fingers took the clip off one nipple and as the blood rushed
into it you felt pain. Before removing the other she fingered that nipple,
rolling it lightly between her finger and thumb. The same was done to the other
nipple and then she took a cloth and wiped them off with water from the sink.
The cool water felt nice. She bent her head and took one nipple in her mouth
swallowing the whole thing and your areola as well. Then she began sucking hard
and pulling with her mouth drawing your heavy breast out. Your nipple responded
very quickly by getting hard and long. She seemed to enjoy that and moved to the
other breast doing the same until both were very rigid.

Her mouth left your nipples and she questioned you as whether the sucking felt
good to you.

You replied that it didn't do anything and you felt no enjoyment.

She seemed cold after your answer. The next thing she did was search through a
drawer on one side of the room and returned with a funny looking tube like
thing. It was like none you had ever seen, it had a three inch narrow tip with a
hole at one end, the tip was as large as a pencil. She described it's use. "When
we bake things we use this plastic tube which has a plunger inside to inject
jelly into bakery dough." "It can also be used for other things, and I will
demonstrate how." She pulled a chair over and had you sit on it. After she
adjusted you so that your hips were forward on the edge and legs spread apart,
she knelt down between your knees and spread your pussy lips with one hand. When
she had gotten them open enough for her satisfaction she took the tube and
placed the narrowest end of it between the highest part of your lips. Then with
both hands, one holding the tube she pulled back on the large end with the other
hand.

You felt her suck part of your pussy right into the tip, and it slowly began to
hurt. You could see she used a lot of strength to pull back on that plunger
which pulled your pussy into the tip. When she pulled it away from you it was
then that you felt the incredible sensation of your clitoris! She had sucked it
into the thing and was pulling it out! It hurt incredibly and your hips tried
instinctively to follow upward after the thing.

She sneered at you and said that she was either going to make your clit larger
or your nipples, did you actually have a choice? She answered her own rhetorical
question by saying, "Your nipples are easy to get hard, it is your clit that I
want very long and hard!" "I have some friends who will be coming over later and
they love long erect clits." "If it doesn't get long this way then we may need
to resort to other methods, which are of course more painful." "I will lock this
plunger and it will hold your clit out and we'll see if when you finish cleaning
the pans it has grown some." "Now get up and start cleaning those pans!"

She took the clips on your pussy off and the nipple clamps and put them on a
shelf above the big sink. You stood painfully as the large tube hung down and
forward like a male semi-hard dick. You stood in front of the huge sink and
began to scrub pans.

The woman walked away and went up stairs, singing to herself.

You washed large tin pans and set them on a long steel shelf to drip dry. During
this time that thing hung from your tender most point of your body. You had time
to think about the mess that you, former vice president of a very good company
had gotten into. This mistake had to be corrected.

Hours later your hands, not used to being in water or soap were wrinkled and
tired but the stack of pans had over half left.

The door at the top of the stairs opened and you turned and saw two men coming
down the steps. They were dressed in business suits and nice slacks. They came
over to you and instead of stopping you they said they would watch for a while.
They found chairs and sat one on either side of the long sink. You felt
humiliated at having them see you naked and all especially with that thing
sucked onto your private part. You moved back and forth putting wet pans up and
taking dirty ones and washing them. The water had splashed around and gotten
your front somewhat wet, and the floor slippery so you slid around on bare feet
between the men.

A long time passed before one of them spoke to you, "Stop, some over here and
let me look at you!" He said. As soon as you came to him he added, "Stand bent
over so that your back is flat, and with your feet apart so that your pussy is
easy to see from behind."

You heard the other man slide his seat closer. Both men touched you at the same
time, the man in front brought both his hands up under your breasts covering
your nipples and areola while the man in back moved the tube and played with the
lips of your pussy. You became aroused instantly even though that was the last
thing you expected. In his palms your nipples grew hard and your pussy flooded
with heat as the blood rushed to it.

The man in back pushed your thighs apart making your pussy more accessible and
he bumped the tube which made your sensitive clit aware of his presence. You
couldn't help moan.

In front of you the man let go of your breasts and slide his chair close enough
so that if there had been a flea on your tit he could have counted legs! His
breath was warm and his fingers toyed with each nipple examining it in detail.

He moved back and said, "We are good here, how about you?" The man behind you
was so close his breath warmed your lips and he replied, looks easy here also."

Then they both stood and walked over to a dry part of the floor and began
unbuckling their trousers. You started to raise up but the men said, "Stay bent
until we tell you to move!"

When they had removed trousers and shorts they stood up and you saw how large
they were! Your eyes teared up as you thought that you were about to be raped.
However both men came back and sat down on their chairs. They sprawled back and
that made their male members stick right up between their legs. One said, "Use
your tits to make me cum!" You bent over farther and then knelt so that your
breasts surrounded his tool. You squeezed them together around him and rubbed
him up and down.

It took a while to make him expel his seed on your tits, and your chin which you
licked up without being told. He then said, "Go to my friend."

His friend didn't want you to use your tits, he stopped you and pulled your hips
forward, unstopped the plunger and released the thing from your clit. It felt so
good. He pulled your hips forward but didn't want your pussy to cover his tool,
just have it sandwiched between them like a hot-dog in a bun. He moved your hips
so your slit slide up and down on the outside of him. The friction of your
tender clit on his tool hurt at first but continued movement got you wet and it
made you more excited, However he came quickly and wanted you to lap it off his
bare tummy. When you finished licking everything up he played with your nipples
a little and made them hard, then leaned over to speak to the other guy and
said, "These are fine, they should be really easy."

You wondered what he meant by that, but didn't say anything.

They both said you could resume cleaning things and dressed without saying a
thing. Then departed up the steps. You though they were strange but at least
they got that thing off your clit!




Chapter 11

You had to relieve yourself and found a bathroom down a short hall around the
corner. Luckily your chain was long enough to permit you to travel that far. On
the way back to the sink you saw a open door and peered inside. It resembled a
bland bedroom.

Back at the sink you made progress on the stack of pans but there were so many
they took a long time to complete. When you finally finished you sat on one of
the chairs. When the door opened again you stood up and waited for whomever. It
was the woman again, she carried a small black purse with her.

She approached you and was surprised that you had finished all the dishes
saying, "You have done a good job, no rewarded though." "You'll be punished now
for you insulting my friends."

Opening her bag she pulled out a black cloth and after stretching it out it
looked like a standard brassiere. Her hand disappeared again and out came two
large white pieces of thin rubber. They had a rounded shape to them but when she
held the out they also had a conical shape to them. You saw many silver round
stud on the outside but on the inside you saw that those studs had sharp pins,
very short like tacks. The woman had you put the bra on very loosely so it
barely hung on.

Then she said, "You now have to bend over and hang your breasts down, while I
push these pads inside the cups." "Then I can tighten the straps in back for a
perfect fit."

You realized that your breasts would be pierced by those sharp tacks and
immediately asked, "Why are you doing this to me, I did everything those men
asked me to do!"

The woman stopped what she was doing and commanded you in a very stern voice,
"You'll not ask why again, if I tell you why that is my prerogative." "Now for
some discipline to make you remember that I am in charge of everything you do,
say and think." "Stand up straight and spread your legs wide." "Close your eyes,
lean back your shoulders and use your hands to open your pussy really wide."

You began to weep but forced your shoulders back and used your fingers to spread
your pussy.

You listened for anything and could only tell that she went back into her bag
for something. Then something stung your pussy rapidly three times. It almost
made you lose balance, she had some sort of electrical shock applied right
between your fingers to the wet flesh of your twat! Your scream echoed in the
room.

She said, "That was for your comment, this next one is to remind you not to do
it again." Once more your pussy felt a sting of electricity that burst
throughout it and made you open your eyes and see white on the ceiling. Then it
was over.

"Stand bent over now and get ready for the punishment bra!" The woman commanded.

You bent over again wishing that you had not made any remarks and vowing not to
make that mistake again. The bra cup under your one breast was pulled down to
facilitate the entry of the round rubber thing and when it was placed inside the
woman slowly let the bra cup back up making sure that one tack was able to
penetrate directly into your nipple. It felt terrible, but she went to the other
right away and prepared that cup too. After both cup liners had been placed and
she ensured a tack was already aimed into your nipples she began to tighten the
back strap of the bra.

She also adjusted the shoulder straps saying that if they slide loose the cups
could shift and the tacks might scrape the skin instead of stay in place. Once
the bra was tight she told you to stand upright.

There was only one way to describe the pain you felt as your heavy flesh pushed
itself into those cups, and that word was like a bunch of wasp stings.

The woman said that you would have to wear that bra while sleeping, and that it
was late so she was going to take you to your bedroom where you would sleep.

She walked past you and went down the short hallway you found the bathroom in.
When she got to the bedroom she went in first and said, "Here is the bed, will
not be permitted to use it, I will." "You will have to sleep underneath it in a
large drawer I have specially made."

Your heart dropped when she said that, and pushed you way back from the bed. A
strap that was attached to the side board of the bed was pulled, and the bottom
of the bed slid out from under it easily. The bottom of the bed did resemble a
large drawer with sides, front and back. Just a large box, well not really
because the bottom of that box had two metal bands on the bottom, and the ends
had holes in them.

The woman was excited and showed you what the purpose of the holes was. "See we
can lift the top half of the wood side and place your wrists inside, then we
place the piece back and you have to remain locked in all night." The foot area
had larger holes for your legs. She said, "There is one last thing that I love
about this bed, but we'll wait til you are tucked in to show you."

She pushed you into the drawer and when you were kneeling she had you bend
forward and lay on you chest! Oh the pressure of that bra and tacks on your
breasts was incredibly painful. She pulled your wrists and placed them in the
holes. You had thought all along that you would lay on your back. She took your
ankles and put them in the other holes and replaced both pieces of wood securing
you in tightly.

She seemed so excited when she said, "Now for the best part!" She took something
from a dresser and came back to you, she pushed a long rubber thing into your
pussy and explained that it would "Ensure you had something to do all night
long."

She began to close the drawer partly but stopped saying, "I will be sleeping
right above you, and listening to you if you complain." "The metal band carries
a little electricity and the bra is thin enough that it should jump into those
tacks and then into your flesh!" "The rubber dildo inside you had those sensors
hat the prison just marketed, so that I can tell when you squeeze on it." "The
dildo is connected to the metal strap under your breasts." "If you want less
electricity, you'll have to squeeze the dildo." "Just wait and see how it
works."

"One last thing before I close the drawer, the punishment bra is an option only
used on non-lactating women." "The dildo is also only used on non-lactating
women." "Because it changes the body permanently the prison has to give the
prisoner a choice whether or not to be made into a lactating woman." "There are
visits required to a local medical practitioner who can make that happen without
pregnancy." "Because the size of the breasts increase so much there are some
benefits to lactation while in prison too." "We'll discuss that tomorrow, good
night." The drawer you were in moved closed and everything went totally black.

Your brain was firing thoughts through its synapses rapidly while you tried to
move your head into a comfortable spot. You felt heat building up under your
sensitized breasts and then realized that it was electricity she had spoken of.
The heat steadily increased until it was more pain that the prickling of those
tacks and every breath hurt. Your chest grew hot making you think you were
cooking alive when you remembered her comment about the dildo and squeezing it.
You concentrated on just that and when you did, the heat diminished instantly.
When you relaxed your pussy muscles the heat began anew.

So you began to squeeze and squeeze until you had gotten the heat down to less
than the pain from the pins. Alternatively the heat increased and you were able
to control it by yourself. Any motion on your upper body caused those pins
create agonizing pain but you slowly grew numb to it and soon only the heat at
its worst bothered you. Sleeping was difficult because of the heat and you
alternating its level by squeezing. You had to submit to that torture all night
long. You even experienced a few shuddering orgasms because of your pussy
muscles efforts. Thank goodness no one could see them. Such was your first night
under prison control.

When the drawer was opened you still laid on your breasts and abdomen, and your
arms felt numb from having to be held still so long. During the sleepless night
you kept blood flowing through your legs by tensing and relaxing those muscles.
But your neck and back were very stiff.

"This morning we will begin with what will eventually be a daily ritual." The
woman said, as she struck you with a whip on your buttocks.

Pain fired into your cheeks and you tried futilely to move. That was impossible,
and you could only lay suffering as your ass and thighs were reddened. The
whipping continued up your body until it reached your shoulder blades. Then the
woman removed the boards holding your wrists and ankles captive. She told you to
get up, and you noticed there were wires running from the rubber piece inside
your pussy to the edge of the drawer. She said to leave the rubber thing inside
you but she disconnected the wires.

"Make my bed, close your drawer, then meet me back in the kitchen." She
commanded, leaving you.




Chapter 12

Movement was difficult due to the stiffness in all your joints. Then there was
alternating pain sensation between the freshly whipped skin on your backside to
the constant pricking in your breasts under the bra. Bending over to pull her
soft sheets on the bed made your breasts hang down against the bra, reminding
you to bend slowly and carefully. Then you pushed your drawer under the bed and
started out of the room. Walking with the huge rubber thing inside you was not
painful but it made you shuffle along having to feel very full. You caught your
inner muscles trying to grip the thing before you realized it.

In the kitchen the woman sat on a chair waiting for you. She held a whip in her
hand! There were more trays stacked high again on the counter to be washed.

"Come over here and get to work." She said gleefully.

You moved over in between the sink and her to start your chores. When you had
filled one of the two sinks with soapy water you felt the whip strike your pussy
from underneath. It startled you and you reaction closed your legs. The whip
landed on your buttocks and thighs next.

"You will move those legs wider apart so that the whip can be administered
properly." She exclaimed.

With a grimace on your face you moved your feet farther apart until you thought
she would be satisfied. Your underside felt the whip come up and strike you with
a smack. In your mind you flashed the thought, how long could you take this
whipping, or even more before you lashed out in violence.

Both sinks were now filled with water and you began scrubbing pans again, yet
every few seconds you felt the whip strike and you made a guttural moan.

The stack grew smaller quickly as you had decided that whipping might end sooner
if you completed the pans right away. Your fingers began to wrinkle and you
never forgot the punishment bra you wore.

Her hand continued bringing the whip up from under you and terrorizing your now
inflamed skin, she had varied her angle and position even in that tiny space
where the tip of the whip would land and every nerve down there had been
tortured but she kept the strokes coming. Was her hand not tired of flicking you
yet?

When the last pan had ben lifted out of the sink and placed on the wire rack,
you put both hands on the edge of the sink and waited for her to speak. She went
right on whipping without saying a word, probably making a game of you not
knowing when things would end.

"Turn around and face me," She commanded.

"You will now remove that rubber phallus." "Reach down under you and slowly
withdraw it by pulling a little and turning it round and round like a screw."
She taunted.

Your hands went down between your legs and you bent over to look at it. You did
exactly as she had ordered, pulling and turning it until it slid out of you.
When it finally came out there was an audible pop, from suction. You flushed
deeply embarrassed at that intimate sound.

"Your punishment bra can now be taken off, but I caution you that it will cause
just as much pain removing it as wearing it." "Perhaps you would like to leave
it on for the whole day?" She questioned.

You answered her in a matter of fact but soft voice, "May I remove this bra,
please?"

She said she liked your proper servitude response, but that there was one more
thing you had to do before removing it.

"Follow me over to,"She said rising off the chair and going to another part of
the room.

There was a corner of the room that had five foot square area of bare concrete,
and she told you to stand in the center of it.

She said this was the exercise corner and that while she controlled you she also
had to keep you in shape. So there was a routine of exercises the prisoner had
to do.

She said, "Jog in place, til I tell you otherwise."

You fretted at having to perform another wicked workout, since you had disliked
exercise from childhood. You hated getting that sweaty feeling and your stamina
was not near your peers. Still you saw that whip in her hand and bean to lift
your feet up and down. Coincidentally you noticed as you stepped that your
breasts even encased in this tight bra had too much play and bounced up and
down. That caused those tacks to damage your flesh anew. Pain radiated
throughout your breasts once again. One last addition was the nuisance that the
stupid neck collar and chain made. The chain pulled on your neck with every
step, but it could have been heavier and that it was light was a good thing you
supposed

Your heart sped up dramatically and your breathing suffered as you counted
seconds gone past, it was over five minutes and she didn't seem to think of
letting you quit yet.

Longer and longer you had to jog in place, bouncing up and down, feeling your
flabby skin on your tummy and buttocks jiggle as it loosened. Then you heard the
word, "Stop."

You were grateful for that and felt faint when you did stop. Dots appeared
before your eyes and you reached for the wall to steady yourself.

"Get down on your hands and knees." The woman ordered.

You dropped down and waited for the next order.

"Pushup position," She yelled like a foreman barking orders. "Arms back and
buttocks straight, toes on the floor."

You tried ut knew that your arms could only do a few pushups before you'd
collapse.

"Down," She instructed.

You went down on shaking arms and then back up.

She hit your shoulders with the whip and said, "Did I say up yet," then answered
her self rhetorically, "No, I said down only."

You returned yourself in the down position, shaking and waited.

"Up," She said.

You followed her lead and performed as many pushups as you could but at ten your
arms shook so bad that she said, "Stop."

"Rest in the laying down position!" She commanded.

"While you are comfortably laying down, I should explain that you are a
prisoner, and you will be kept a prisoner for a long time." "Your body will be
kept at optimal condition because we don't want to lose our investment." "There
are three major things that we do to prisoners." "Some are outdoor workers, that
we use in labor intensive jobs." "Others are rented out for indoor sporting
activity such as cleaning women or maids at parties, weddings etc." "Still more
are subjected to constant torment, until they behave properly." Right now you
are in none of the groups yet but you'll get a chance in the first week to
experience all three." "Now get on your back and we will continue our exercise
program."

She made you do sit-ups, leg lifting, lifting your arms up only and many more
exercises.

When she told you to stand and go back to your sink you were most exhausted and
glad.

Back at the sink she told you to stand still but bent over at the hips. Her
hands unbuckled the bra behind you and when she let it loose your heavy breasts
fell down with it. The bra dropped to the floor below you but those rubber cones
with the hideous tacks stuck to your breasts!

She commanded you to remove them carefully. You were surprised at how hard they
were to pull off, trying to take the skin with them. Those tacks were standard
office board with the silver tips but they had penetrated your skin completely.
You agnized at removing them knowing that every tack pulled out of your skin
meant pain. The last tack to be removed from your first breast was the one
centered into your nipple. It actually held your nipple painfully and when it
came off you cried out. The second breast was exactly the same amount of pain
and you held those cones when you were done.

The woman said to stand upright and give her those cones. When you did so there
were a lot of tiny red dots covering each breast. The woman said that they would
need to be washed so you didn't get infected.

She told you to unplug the sinks. Then you both stood and waited as they
emptied.

While they emptied she looked so closely at your breasts that you felt very self
conscious about it.

When the sinks had emptied she commanded you to rinse them out and then fill one
with hot and one with cold water. Again you both waited for them to fill fully.
The woman left for a moment and when she returned she had in her hand a large
container with white crystals in it. When the sinks were full she emptied half
the crystals into one each sink. Then she got spoon as long as your arm and
stirred each sink.

"You are to lean over each sink and immerse your breasts up to your chest in the
water." Stay there until I tell you to remove them!" She ordered.

She pushed you over so that your breasts entered the cold water first.

You were shocked at how cold it was, it was numbing cold! But it didn't numb
them until you had felt the iciness! The water surrounded your breasts. Then she
grabbed your hair and pulled you out of it and made you bend over into the hot
water! Once more you felt the shock on your skin. It was pure torture! So hot 
you felt it burned the skin! Those tiny holes from the tacks came alive all at
the same time! Suddenly the hand in your hair pulled again and the cold bath
covered your hanging flesh! You moaned in pain but those sounds went unheaded.
Back and forth you were shoved until you felt dizzy.

The woman stood you up and looked at your breasts again. She felt them with her
hands and pinched to see if you would bleed more, but the water must have
stopped all of it because even your nipple didn't shed a drop!

The woman said she was going to get your food, and more pans for you to wash.

"Empty the sinks and refill them with wash and rinse water," she said, as she
started up the steps.

You sat on the chair and cried, emotionally and physically you were spent. There
was no way you could continue this treatment for years, much less months. You
had to escape or buy yourself freedom. As you sat your tears dripped down your
cheeks and you tried to figure a way out of here.




Chapter 13


When the woman returned she carried a small box that she opened. She removed a
bowl from it! A very large dog bowl, which she gave to you and said to placed it
on the floor in the corner of the exercise area. When you had done that she took
another item from the box and handed it to you. It was a large plastic bottle
with a angled tube in the top of it. She told you to remove the top of it and
fill it with cold water. When you had done so she directed you to return the top
and carry it over to the exercise area and place it in the rack above your bowl.
You walked over and when you went to place it there you put the tube end up.

"Hey, the tube end goes down, she said." "Haven't you ever seen one of those!"

You replied "No."

She came over and acting disgruntled turned the bottle so that the tube angled
away from the wall. Then she said, "Get on your hands and knees."

You did and she showed you that you had to put your mouth on the end of the tube
and suck to get water out of it. She watched you drink and then said, "Eat your
brunch, you'll not get fed til evening meal." "You'll stay here all day and keep
those pans cleaned." "Remember that if someone comes down and want's to make use
of you, it is in your best interest to make them extremely happy. "If you don't,
you can expect to suffer terrible before bed tonight."

You watched as she left the room and went up the steps.

She had you scared. Here you were only two days ago a powerful executive
American woman and today nothing but a lowly convict in a foreign country. You
had no way of knowing what was going on outside, no business or world news in
the last two days, which was very unusual. Your only thoughts were how to deal
with the situation at hand. As you took morsels of food from the bowl you
noticed that some pieces of food were already bitten into. There were definitely
bite marks on small pieces of bread and meat. Still it was the only food you had
for a long time including your trial so you ate every bite. When you drank your
water you felt humiliated at having to suck it from such an unusual bottle.

While you finished your meal, you took time to inspect yourself. Not being one
to have looked so closely at your privates before you now examined yourself in
great detail. First thing you checked were your nipples. You rolled them and
examined the for holes and then your breasts. Thinking to yourself about the
last time you had not touched yourself. It was a long time ago, since you had
hardly ever needed to pleasure yourself you could always buy some hunk and make
him submit to your bidding. Now though you noticed that your nipples became
erect to your touch, and every nerve on the skin of your breasts was alive to
your fingers. Since no one was around you sat on your buttocks and spread your
legs wide, looking down at your genitalia. Your pussy was bare unlike it had
ever been. Those lips were floppy from both age and the heavy things clamped on
yesterday, they were rosy pink from having been beaten only hours ago. When you
moved them aside there was a set of purple inner lips that looked like an oyster
in design. They had been tormented from the huge rubber thing and were very
tender to touch. You interest didn't top there though as you separated the upper
portion of them and found the hood covering your clitoris. That poor thing,
having been pulled out so hard before and it looked angry red still. Then just
to satisfy your curiosity you touched it gingerly. It sent a signal to your
brain, "Yes I am alive and feeling." You were humble and closed your legs and
looked around nervously as if embarrassed at this display of your own sexuality.

Since you had finished your meal and no one had brought pans downstairs yet you
decided to go into the bedroom to investigate. You dragged that nasty chain
along with you.

When you got into the bedroom you opened all the dresser drawers, finding inside
them items you looked at closely. The top drawer had three whips, two short
one's about a foot and half long that were really nothing but a simple skinny
stick made of flexible material, and another with a triangle tip made of
leather. There was another whip really long and coiled, and the end of it had a
bunch of thin pieces of leather. The next drawer had plastic bottles with lids,
more rubber cones with pins sticking in them and three bras, plus packages of
some plastic tubes. The bottom drawer had some box that had electrical cord on
it. Maybe it was a power supply for something. One closet had shelves with
sheets and a few blankets and on another shelf there were items that looked like
some clothing. You took the top item and shook it out holding it for inspection.
It was a brown body suit, with holes in it where breasts and pussy should be!
You folded it back up and took another item. This one resembled another body
suit but it was shaded in colors that reminded you of a cow in the field! More
of the same were found, even one with fur instead of cloth! The next shelf had a
box with some of those rubber dildo's with wires connected to them.

When you finished looking in the bedroom you went to the bathroom and found a
mirror that you opened and inside was an empty medicine cabinet. You looked at
yourself in the stainless steel mirror and were appalled at how disheveled your
hair was. You also had a messy face, from eating your food.

Instinct made you reach up with your hands to smooth your skin, then your hair.
You realized that you hadn't seen yourself in a mirror since your shower in the
jail!

Then you heard a sound in the other room and fearing that you'd get into
trouble, you walked cautiously out in the kitchen. There at the bottom of the
steps stood a very pretty young girl, probably early twenties or so. She carried
a cloth in her hand and after eyeing you she went to a cabinet, opened it and
there was a stack of trays. She took a few off the top of the pile and put them
on the sink shelf. Back and forth she went until the cabinet was empty, then she
pressed a button and the cabinet insides began to travel up. She closed the
doors.

After she turned and was about to go upstairs you decided to ask her something.
"Miss, may I trouble you to inquire of you what time it is?"

She hesitated before answering and then turned back at you and replied, "It's
ten AM."

She seemed nice and you asked another question. "May I ask you to help me with
something if you work here in the store?"

The girl said, "You are a prisoner, and we are not supposed to speak to you."
"You will get into trouble if you speak to me."

You fretted that she'd say something to someone but you decided if you had
already broken rules then one more wouldn't hurt. "Please, Miss, I need to get a
message to my children in America." "I am innocent and they will be able to
prove that I am so but I need to get a message to them," You asked, sounding
very desperate.

The girl, froze in her tracks and then turned and said, "We can't talk now, they
will miss me but later I will come back again." "Maybe then." She turned and ran
up the steps.

You watched her leave and inside you wondered if she would tattle on you or keep
her promise and return later to your aid.

While washing pans you thought about that and hoped for the best.

The door opened and you saw that a pair of elderly people came down the steps.
They looked to be way past the sixty year old bracket, and yet they walked
spring in their step as if they were youngsters. Neither had a hunched back and
they made it appear that they were in very good shape.

The man and lady came right up and stood on either side of you. They both peered
at you thru thick glasses. The intense way they each scanned the skin on your
arms, shoulders, side, and breasts made

you feel like they were looking you over like a piece of furniture. As if they
knew what the other was thinking they reached under your pan washing arms and
each put a hand under one of your breasts lifting, testing it's weight. The
movement was deliberate and you didn't stop your pan washing. Their hands didn't
stay underneath, they slid upward and simultaneously their fingers grabbed hold
of a nipple. They way they pulled it out tenderly, without pinching, sort of
stroking your nipple and as you expected, they responded by getting larger and
harder. No words were said.

You kept washing pans while they pulled your now rock hard nipples, wondering
when they'd quit.

The man spoke first, "Stop washing the pans and let our fingers turn you around,
we want something from you." "Put your hands together on top of your head, and
walk over to the chair."

You turned and went over to the chair even while their fingers held your
nipples. When you got to the chair the old woman stopped touching your nipple
and stepped back. You didn't turn and see what she was doing but you heard
rustling of clothing and dreaded what might be happening. When she appeared in
front of you totally naked you gasped. Her breasts were nothing more than two
tiny loose floppy bags, full of wrinkles and a short dark nipple sticking out
and down.




Chapter 14


The old woman sat down on the chair, and sprawled out putting her legs on either
side of you. When you looked down at her you saw a wrinkled pussy barely covered
in greying hair. Her stomach was tan and flabby above those wrinkled pussy lips.
She reached out and the old man put a hand on your back guiding your shoulders
downward. When you had bent over far enough she took a floppy titty and held it
up in one hand while the other went behind your head and brought you even
farther. Your lips touched the hard nub and you opened your mouth to suck it in.
Bending was uncomfortable for you with your ands on your head but when this old
woman began moaning as you sucked that wrinkled teat in your mouth you chose not
to move them. The man removed his hand from your nipple and you heard motion
behind you as you sucked this old dry nipple. You were lost in the process of
suckling this breast when your hips felt hands touch them. And you felt the old
man pull himself right up between your cheeks. It alarmed you and you thought he
would rape you, but there was no erection touching you. From his position he
only had to bend over and reach out under your chest and grab hold of those
nipples one more time. His fingers were old but very strong and he held on to
you like he was going to rip them off. The woman was squirming under you, and
your back was breaking from this awful bent position.

Suddenly you felt something growing upward between your legs and the old man let
go of your nipples and pushed in on the outside of each leg. You readjusted your
feet with reserve fearing that he would soon penetrate you from behind. The old
man didn't penetrate you but after growing to a very good size he brought his
hands back to your breasts, this time grabbing the entire thing and squeezing.
Both the woman and man seemed happy making you sandwiched between them as they
did their thing.

For quite a long time all that happened was you sucked a breast or another and
the old man pushed in and out with his exceptional member rubbing between your
upper thighs.

It was hard to tell who was cumming first because they both began to breath
louder in rasping tones and then you felt the woman stiffen up under your mouth,
while the old man pounded viciously at your buttocks. You felt both of them
shudder and watched with downward glance as the old man shot his fluid forward
on the old woman's belly. Both held you in place until they calmed down and then
the old woman and old man pushed you to your knees and guided your head to the
fluid on her stomach. You balked at licking it up but their grip was firm and
you opened your mouth and used ou tongue to clear her leathery wrinkled skin.

The old woman then guided your head to her pussy while the old man walked away,
with his member dangling only half erect. You were really surprised at how long
it still was.

The old woman wanted your lips between hers and you tasted her sourness at
first, then more of her as you used your tongue to wet the inside. She wasn't
naturally moist at all.

You were lapping at her dried wrinkled pussy when the footsteps of the old man
padded back behind you and you felt a harsh sting! Fire radiated all over your
shoulders. Then more on your buttocks. He was whipping you ferociously on both
cheeks and then pushed your knees wider apart with his foot. Moments later you
felt the slicing upward between your thighs. You had trouble keeping your
concentration on the lady in front of you because of the sheer pain he dealt.

Hands reached under your chest and fingernails pinched into your nipples
rendering a new area of pain. The woman leaned forward while your tongue lapped
and she tormented your huge breasts.

"You should elect to make these breasts give milk for us, prisoner." "You'll get
better treatment and make more of us happy if you do." She remarked in your ear.

The old man grunted as he beat you and spoke next. "You could be a prisoner that
use in the fields or mines and have hard labor every day." "You could be used
like this for the rest of your time." "Or you could choose that your breasts
give mothers-milk and enjoy much less harsh treatment." "We need those kind of
women, and everyone in the prison likes them too!"

Your heart pounded ad did you buttocks and mind. What were these people trying
to do, every time someone came down they seemed to speak about making you into a
milk maid!

As the man whipped your backside and pussy the woman writhed under your tongue.
Soon she began bucking and bucking holding your head down on her bouncing pussy.
The man whipped you harder and harder until the old woman stopped cumming.

After she caught her breath the old man stopped whipping and the woman held your
head up. She sat up straight and put her hands on your breasts, lifting them
again by the nipples. The man came around and stood next to you and put his
flaccid but long thick member to your lips and you took that as a sign to suck.

You had to turn sideways and allow his penetration of your mouth while the woman
squeezed your nipples and breasts. You swallowed his member, the largest you had
ever swallowed so far. He soon became hard and before long the thing spewed his
cream into your mouth. It was very hot, as it slid down your throat.

When he came the woman pushed you away on your knees and she stood. The man and
woman dressed casually in front of you and then both walked up the steps,
without a single word to you.

You sat down on the floor and cried openly. Giving yourself pity as you knew
that this was only the beginning of your prison time. You became more and more
desperate in your resolve to escape.

The girl came down the steps again and you rose up to meet her and smiled at her
asking, "Please. Please, I have to get a message to the states." "I can make it
very worth your effort." "I have thousands and thousands of dollars that I will
give to you if you can only get through to one person." "Will you help me?"

The girl pulled away from your hands and stood back, looking you over and then
walked to the cabinet and opened it again. She took pans from inside and placed
them on the sink again. Then after she had done that she pulled a notepad from
her skirt and had you write down whomever you wanted her to contact. She took
the pad back and put it into her pocket and turned to go up the steps. Then she
stopped and said, "There is something you can do for me, but it may be difficult
to do."

You readily offered anything you could do for her, adding, "This place will kill
me so there isn't anything worse than that!"

The girl looked straight faced and said, "I told one of my friends what went on
down here under the bakery, and he didn't believe me." "If I can smuggle him in
then you can show him that it is true and he'll believe me." "He's a pretty
horny guy and when we make out, I can't let him go all the way, but you could
right?"

You stood stock still in shock and then caught yourself, "I guess I can," you
said without any more hesitation. "Do you want to be here when he and I do it?"

She smiled in a shy way and said, "If you don't mind."

Your head whirled round and round in excitement, you'd get a message out of this
place, and all you had to do was fuck some kid in front of his girlfriend?

You told her that she had better get going and more would come as she down
again. But you wondered how would she get him inside this place?

She darted up the steps and you resumed your place in front of the sink, naked
but feeling better about getting out of this place. You scrubbed and scrubbed
those pans then laid them on the drying rack.

The door opened again and steps came down once more. You didn't want to look but
your curiosity got the best of you and when you turned there were three men all
dressed in suits. They came down slowly and you continued to wash getting
nervous with every step they made.

When the last came off the steps you saw out of the corner of your eye, that
they stood abreast of each other watching you work. Your eyes darted over to
them, but returned to your job.

"Stop washing, we are here to examine you," One of them said.

After your hands withdrew from the sink water you turned and faced them. "What
kind of examine is it that you are going to do?" You brazenly asked.

The men all smiled and began taking off their suit coats and ties. Then removed
their shining white shirts and walked over toward you. "We will examine you
thoroughly inside and out?" One of them said pointedly.

Inside your stomach turned over and you knew that they would be plenty enough to
handle you even though you resisted. So you relaxed and stood until they
surrounded you. One of them took you by the arm and waked you toward the
bedroom. The others followed. One carried a small black bag.

When they had taken you inside the bedroom they told you to lay on the mattress.




Chapter 15


One of the men began to tie your feet to the corners of the bed and another tied
your wrists above you head. The third leaned over and stroked your nipples until
the others had finished. When all ties were tight, two men left while the third
opened up the black bag and withdrew things from inside, setting them out of
your view on the bed.

Two men returned with chairs and they set them next to the other mans so all
three were looking at you. One man ran his fingers between your lips stroking as
he pushed them apart gently and then said casually, "We are here to put your
rings in place."

Your body tensed, eyes darted from one man to another as they watered. You
choked, "Rings?"

One man spoke and you turned your attention to him as he said, "There are orders
to place rings in various parts of your body." "Don't worry though, we have a
very efficient way of doing it without bleeding."

You struggled but it didn't do any good, their ties held you tightly. When you
bucked your hips one man moved on top of your legs and held your thighs firmly
down with only his hands.

"Cool it now kitty, we can be very easy and very bad." "You keep giving us
trouble, we get nasty."

You stopped moving and laid back submissively, tears completely filling your
eyes and dripping down your cheeks.

One man took something and plugged it into the wall. When the man brought it
into your view he held it over your breast and said, "This is the latest in
piercing equipment, it can penetrate without leaving any trace of blood." "This
is a bit hot though."

Someone's fingers held up your nipple really far and this man put the thing
around your areola and instantly you felt fire slice through your tender bud.
You screamed and screamed, and bucked but your body was held tight and the thing
continued to burn your breast. Within seconds your head became so hot that your
forehead beaded rivers of sweat. This lasted for a long time maybe five minutes.
Each minute passed there was less and less mind blowing pain. Somehow you felt
something between your legs. The man there was stroking your clitoris! He had
parted your pussy lips and was fingering you!

The man at your breast suddenly let go of that thing and pulled it away from
your areola. Since your nipple was still stretched out you could see that there
was a hole now! It was not large but you could see right through it!

The man smiled at you as he let go of the nipple and reached for the other. You
were subjected to more intense pain as they performed the second piercing. As
they did this one the man holding the tool explained that the device had burned
the tissue and sealed it by frying the edges of the hole. This way the holes
don't bleed, and don't close up, and they can have rings placed in them much
sooner. When he had put a hole in your second breast he said they had five more
to go!

Your eyes closed and you held your breath as you thought that. Where would they
go?

The fingers in your pussy lips kept rubbing and that made you realize the worst
possible place!

As if they read your mind when your eyes opened the man who held the tool said
that they would next place a hole in each of your lips, "The pain will not be
much worse than your in your breasts so lay back and accept that you'll feel bad
only a short while."

Fingers at your lips grasped one lip and pulled it way out. You moved your hips
upward trying to go with it but the hands on your thighs prevented that from
happening.

The man with the tool moved toward your crotch and you felt the device surround
the lip. Again a popping sound and  instant agony! The next sound you heard
amidst your moans was a hissing noise and then smelled burning.

You nearly passed out. The third man nearest to you head put his fingers on both
of your nipples and pinched them, pulling upward on them, showing you the holes
in the areola. Again tears welled up in your eyes upon seeing that they had
mutilated your body.

The piercing of the first lip went fast but the pain as severe and when he
pulled your second lip upward you cried out, "Please, please why must you do
this to me?"

"These holes will have rings placed in them, when in the fields or mine those
rings will have tethers in them that will be used to lead you around when
blindfolded." "Also if you end up as an indoor sex slave or maid they can be
used for the same purposes." "Milker women only need to be pierced in their
pussy lips because the rings can interfere with the milking machines and any
induced lactation of the breast," You were told.

They had finished both lips and you laid totally exhausted under the strong man.
Then the man in the middle held up a syringe with a huge needle sticking up from
the end of it. As your eyes watched that you shrank into the bed.

The man picked up something and turned this little bottle upside down and drove
the needle into the end of the bottle, bubbles appeared along with fluid in the
syringe and you saw him draw up all the contents of the little bottle.

When he moved back to your crotch you begged, "Oh, what are you going to do
now?" "Why are you using that needle?"

He smiled and said, "The next three piercing's would cause pain so intense that
women often passed out or even vomited." "We will put this numbing medicine
inside first and that will keep you from doing that!"

You felt fingers parting your pussy and playing with the very inner tender ones.

The mans head was bent and his eyes were directed down between your legs, "Don't
move at all, this will only sting for a few seconds and then the pain will go
away." You felt the sharp point of the needle penetrate your inner flesh and
then some movement and suddenly nothing! For the second lip you felt more the
short sensation of a pin and that was all. Suddenly your body wretched in agony!
The man was pushing that needle directly into your clitoris!

The room turned around and around making you dizzy and light headed! The sharp
point pushed deeper and every second of it you felt pain beyond you limit, sweat
broke on your forehead again, and the room went black!

When you came to your senses the man was talking to his friend saying, "That one
looks great, now we can put the rings in place."

When they noticed your eyes were open the man in the middle said, "We will untie
you and take you to the kitchen for the final process."

After loosening your ankles and wrists they told you to get off the bed but
remain on your hands and knees and crawl into the other room. You complied and
as your head hung down between your shoulders you saw two huge breasts hung
below you, they had long nipples and holes visible above then in the areola. You
watched as those breasts swayed side to side.

When you got to the kitchen the men had you go to the exercise corner and drink
water. Then they told you to stand up with your hands on the top of your head.

You saw that one man brought the black bag and produced from it some things that
he gave to the others. Two men knelt and began playing with your still tender
private parts while the third took a nipple and stretched it out. He took a
large gold ring similar in size to a key chain one and opened it so that it went
through your hole, likewise for the other side, and he stepped back when done.

The two below you took longer and you didn't feel much other than tugging and
pushing.

"Ok now you have been ringed," The one man said."You will never remove these
rings unless someone tells you too." "Later today you will be put on display in
the streets for the weekend prisoner walk." "It is a customary parade at the end
of the weekend to show the town folk all the prisoners and gives the prisoners a
chance to display themselves for future prospective renters. "I understand that
the bakery had purchased you for the first week, but that isn't going to prevent
you from having to do the parade." The men turned and went upstairs.

You waited til the door closed and then brought your hands down to your nipples
and inspected the damage they had done. You noticed that your nipples were much
more sensitive becoming erect instantly, but hoped they would stop being so when
the pain subsided. You bend over in a squat, looking underneath and saw two
large rings hanging from your pussy lips outside and the traces of three gold
ones between them. You parted your outer lips then, opened the inner lips,
displaying pink folds of skin wearing more gold rings. One ring hung in a
different direction than all four others, it was through your clit. While your
fingers felt the skin and rings you noticed that there was no sensation from
your lips or your clitoris at all! You heart pumped fearing that this would be
permanent. The rings rotated freely in those large holes, and they seemed very
strong.




Chapter 16


You cried as you now fully realized that prisoners in this country were nothing
more than realtime slaves. This moment of though strengthened your resolve to
get away. You hoped for the girl to return soon.

The door opened at the top of the steps and the woman came down. She saw that
you were in the exercise corner and exclaimed, "I am glad you are ready to do
you exercises."		

She walked over to you and commanded you to place your hands together at the
back of your neck. Her hands went to your nipples and toyed with the rings, then
she stood back and said, "Time for exercise."

She told you, "We will work on push-ups first." Then she grabbed a chair and
sat.

You got down on your hands and knees silently, obeying when she commanded you to
begin. She made you do the same number as earlier this morning and then made you
do sit-ups, jog in place and finally had you add a new exercise to you routine.

"Stand with legs spread as far apart as possible." "Place your hands together
behind your neck again, then bend forward at your hips and bounce your body up
and down." She said.

When you did this your breasts seemed to have an independent momentum and those
rings flipped up and down too. When you went down the pressure of your full
breasts pushed them down and they bounced back up like full balloons.

When the woman said you could stop you were very glad at not having to shake
anymore. You were breathing hard and sweat dripped off your body.

What she did next surprised you. She said, "Come stand before me."

When you did she bent forward peering into your pussy, her hands forced our legs
apart, and her fingers manipulated your pussy rings, you noticed that you felt
good under her fingers. She tugged on the one in your clitoris and your body
sent blood to your groin, and nipples hardened.

You wondered why your body responded sexually to this, and it disturbed you.

Her fingers kept playing with your pussy and rings, all the while you felt more
and more sensation down there.

She pushed you away and said, "Wash those pans." Then she went back up the
steps.

You returned to the sink.

The door at the top of the steps opened after a long time and the girl came
downstairs, she came over to the cabinet and opened it, out rolled a young man
looking surprised when he saw you. He stood next to the girl who held his hand
and whispered. The young man was muscular, with shoulder length blond hair. He
wore a dull yellow t-shirt, tan shorts, with athletic socks and tennis shoes.

The girl held his hand while his eyes scanned your body. He looked you up and
down rapidly, with an expression on his face that showed disbelief.

You stopped washing and turned to face him, knowing that he was the ticket to
possible freedom, and all you had to do was make his girlfriend happy.

You looked into the girls eyes and said, "Is he the one?"

She smiled and said softly, "Tommy is my boyfriend, he wanted to meet you."
"Will you do what I asked to him?"

You liked the shock look on Tommy's face and decided to take control of the
situation. "Lets not stay here, there's a room around back, go wait for me," you
said hurriedly pushing Tommy.

The girl stayed while both of you watched Tommy leave the kitchen.

The girl said that the woman had gone out of the bakery and that your friends
upstairs would cover for her, only they expected some favor in return. She
asked, "The other bakery employees are young boys also and they will cover for
me on one condition." "They want to see you sometime too!"

You replied an exasperated, "Ok." "Lets make your boyfriend happy first." Then
pushed the girl ahead of you down the hall into the bedroom.

When in the bedroom the boy was sitting on the side of the bed. You told the
girl to sit next to him and sat on a chair facing them.

"Tommy, have you ever seen a totally naked woman before?" You asked him.

He looked pretty shy and answered, "Mmm, in books only."

"How old are you right now." You inquired not wanting to play around with
underage children.

"I turned eighteen last month." Tommy replied.

You gave a sigh of relief and said, "Ok, here's what I want you to do, get
undressed." Then you turned to his girlfriend and said, "You want to be naked
too?"

She replied in a shocked expression, "Oh no, I only want for you to take care of
him."

While Tommy began to undress, you asked of her, "And you desire to be here
during this?"

She replied, "Sure but I have to get back upstairs and tell them to signal me if
the woman comes back to the store." She left you and Tommy alone.

Tommy had taken off everything but his underwear, when you turned to him.

"Tommy, what do you want to do?" You asked him in a point blank expression.

He smiled and said, "Heck Lady, as much as I can." He added, "I like your huge
tits."

You took that as a sign of his willingness to partake and you pushed him to sit
on the bed and then made him lay on his back. As you pushed him back and your
hand went to his shorts, you thought. Normally a woman would love to
indoctrinate a young man in to his first sexual experience but a woman captive
such as you would not normally want to assist in this adventure willingly.

Yours was a special case, he could be the ticket to your freedom, and you
planned on making him relish every second of this experience.

You heard the girl walking back down the hallway and she spoke in an excited
voice before entering the room. "The woman is not going to be back til dusk,
that's three hours!" She burst into the room and her voice dropped to a lower
level. "Hey she said, I don't want to miss anything."

You asked her if she wanted to slide down Tommy's shorts, and she readily
responded putting her fingers under the elastic band. As she moved them down
both your sets of eyes were treated to a very rigid, young looking staff and a
fleshy bag at the base. When his shorts had been pulled off his feet, your hands
pushed his legs wider apart and you knelt between his knees.

The girl seemed hesitant at more contact. "Will you hold him up and I will
swallow him in my mouth," you stated. Your eyes watched s her hand touched him
for the first time, holding him like a bat in one hand.

Tommy let out a moan and placed both his hands back behind his neck. Your mouth
opened and descended on him stopping only when your lips reached her hand. She
didn't let go and your hands covered her's moving up and down. You sucked and
sucked making Tommy moan more and more.

Within minutes you could tell that he was going to burst and you pulled your
mouth off him using your hands to massage and pump him rapidly. Her hand was
still pinned underneath yours and followed easily. Tommy let out a groan and you
saw his member pump out splat after splat of whitish semen which streamed into
the air coming down on him, and your hands.

For a split second you glanced at his girlfriend and saw the amazed look in her
eyes. She also looked at you and as your hands as continued pumping you smiled
at her.

When Tommy stopped spurting you took some of the semen in your finger and
offered it to he girlfriend, but when she kept her mouth closed you continued
moving your hand without stopping up to your lips. You bent over and lapped
every drop from your hands and his stomach.

After doing that you said, "Now lets see how he responds to these," and your
hands cupped your breasts offering them to his girlfriend.

You crawled upward straddling Tommy until your breasts hung over his face. You
lowered on nipple to him and told him, "Suck on it."

When he did you turned your head and looked for the girlfriend who was seated
watching everything. You smiled and said, "Keep an eye on his prick and tell me
if it wakes up."

She turned her head and looked right at him and then nodded at you.

Tommy sucked voraciously at your teat, his hands came up and squeezed it, then
he switched to the other. While he sucked at your nipples you felt heat build in
your pussy and a flush cover your entire body. He was turning you on.

The girlfriend spoke, "Hey his thing is rising up!"

You looked behind you and sure enough it was growing so you said, "Take in both
hands and pump it like we did before."

Tommy made another moan around your nipple but kept on sucking hard. You grew
hotter yourself.




Chapter 17


You moved your hips above his hard staff and finally it overcame you and you
yelled, "Put him inside me." You moved back and pushed your hips down as she
guided him into you.

When you had enveloped all of him, you bounced up and down on him making
yourself hot. Those rings were crushed between your bodies making you feel their
rigidity.

Tommy began thrusting upward with his hips.

You felt his hot seed flush out of him into your pussy, the first seed you took
in years! This kid was hot and you wanted it as bad as he did.

The girl watched as you and Tommy climaxed together.

When it was through you crawled off Tommy and stood next to the bed. The
girlfriend and you sat next to each other looking at Tommy's nude form laying
there exhausted.

After a long time the girlfriend spoke first, "Tommy, I told you that there were
naked women here below the store, but you didn't believe me." "Is there anything
else you want?"

Tommy looked at your nipples and breasts and then leaned back on his arms. "I
want to see her pussy in detail," He said. Then asked you, "Why do you have a
chain and collar, and rings in your body?"

You stammered for an answer, not wanting to demean yourself at all. "I was
supposed to be taken to jail but these people kidnaped me and keep me here
without anyone knowing." "I am kept naked and have to wash their pans all day
and night."

Tommy got up and went to the dresser and opened the top drawer and took out a
whip looking at it with interest.

He turned and asked why this was in the drawer.

You replied, "Sometimes.  They beat me with it."

He opened more drawers and then the closet and took out the clothes. When he
held them up he and his girlfriend were shocked at the design. "Look there's
places for her body to stick through," He said. The girlfriend seemed interested
too, and Tommy turned around holding one of the pieces of clothing and said,
"Put this on."

You said that you'd never had to wear those, and they were not yours anyway.

Tommy said boldly, "I said put it on." His tone had changed form timid and shy
to one of control.

You worried about losing the chance for freedom and you held out your hand and
took the brown colored garment.

They both watched intently as you put it on, making you feel very self
conscious. Once it completely covered your body, you pushed your breasts through
the holes in front and realized that it seemed a perfect fit! There was still a
hood that dangled from the back of it and when Tommy pushed it over your hair
both he and the girl chuckled aloud.

You had no idea what they were laughing about, and when you asked, the
girlfriend said, "You look like a pretend cow, right down to the ears."

Tommy pushed your shoulders down bending you over and then said, "Get down on
your hands and knees for a look."

You dropped to the floor, he and his girlfriend stood back and laughed more
while looking at you.

They both knelt down next to you on the floor and Tommy put his hand under your
breast and said, "It is the perfect costume except that most cows only have one
udder and they have them near the back legs not the front."

Tommy got up and went to the dresser and removed some things and came back to
you. "Now I see what these things are for, they confused me until I saw you in
this costume." "These are small milking cups for women, I remember my mother
used these when she had my baby brother." "She had to save milk so that when at
work the maid could feed him."

"Can you show me how they fit?" Asked the girlfriend.

You didn't want to be dressed like a cow and have things hooked up but you
wanted to be in good standing with these two so you said. "I can help you."

Tommy said, "But cows can't talk and this thing is so simple that anyone can do
it right." "Why don't you get up on the ben and kneel so we don't have to bend
over so far?"

You crawled up on the mattress and Tommy began to connect the tubes to the cones
and then put a strap over your back to hold them up to the underside of your
breasts. Tommy tried to get them on tight, but the rings were in the way and he
decided not to try farther.

"This is how it would look if it was on correct, and then she can stand, walk,
sit or lay on her back and the milk gets sucked out of her tits through the
tube." Tommy said.

The girlfriend asked, "but how does it get sucked out?"

Tommy thought for a moment and then got up and opened the bottom drawer and
removed the box inside. "This is plugged in and it makes a vacuum that pulls
tight and the milk just comes out."

The girlfriend said, "Oh Tommy, show me how!"

Tommy plugged in the box and tested it before putting out of the tubes to it.
The tube and cup tightened instantly to your hanging breast, and pulled so hard
that your nipple became longer. The fit was correct it seemed and the ring
didn't interfere with the device at all.

"Oh my, that is so neat," cried the girl as she got close to see your nipple
pulled in and out of the cone. "Can you connect the other one?"

Tommy did so right away and now you knelt with your heavy breasts below you
getting sucked on by this machine. You felt every bit of suction and those
pulses were very strong.

Tommy was fiddling with the box and suddenly the suction increased many folds.
It almost hurt your nipples it tugged so hard. The cones sucked on very tight
and you moaned aloud.

The girlfriend said, "What's it doing to you?"

You replied that it hurt your breasts to be pulled so hard, it might damage you.

Tommy turned it off, removed the cones and there around each areola was a red
ring!

He rubbed the ring but it didn't come off, it was a bruise in your skin!

You feared having that there when the woman came back and rubbed too, but it
stayed.

"Gosh, you'd better get out of here in case someone sees this!" You exclaimed!

Both of them tidied up the room while you got out of the suit and folded it up.

You all left the room together and the girlfriend went upstairs to check before
Tommy.

While she was gone, Tommy reached out and put his finger on your pussy and as he
looked in your eyes for assurance, he penetrated you deeply.

You parted your lips and blew him a kiss.

The girl called and Tommy withdrew his finger and ran quickly up the steps.

You immediately looked at your breasts and tried to remove that red ring! It
wouldn't be easy to explain that to anyone! You went to the sink and washed more
pans.

Hours later the pans still came and went while you washed.

The girlfriend had delivered more pans and she stared at your breasts every time
she came down. She expressed her worry too.

Then when there were no more pans you sat down and waited, a guilty woman, about
to be caught.

The woman didn't come down but a man who said he was to get your ready for the
parade.

He put handcuffs on that held your wrists behind your back, and shackles on your
feet. After he removed the chain but not the neckband he stood in front of you
and looked at your nipple rings holding two bells in his hand.

You could tell his eyes saw those red rings but he didn't say anything, he just
hooked the bells on your nipples and then more on your pussy rings. He tied a
string to your clit ring and stood up. "I will now take you upstairs. You will
be led by the string to you clit so don't stop suddenly or else."

He turned and you had little choice but to follow.

When you got to the top of the steps the room was dimly lit and had a romantic
atmosphere in the bakery. You smelled pizza, and garlic.

You followed the man naked and ringed between tables of totally clothed people,
they all stared at you. You felt ashamed and vulnerable again. Your bells
jingled loudly.

When you had made it through the last tables and into the front of the business
there were people standing around as if waiting to be seated. You walked right
past them, hearing remarks about your body.

You were flushed totally. Then you were taken outside in the sidewalk and into
the street. The man led you along the curb to the platform where you were
horribly humiliated yesterday!




Chapter 18


Other naked women were standing with strings coming from their pussies, tied to
one of three rails! You looked at them, some taller than you some shorter and
all naked, except for two that had something on their breasts. The man walked
you up and tied your string to a rail then left you there.  Now that you were
closer, you realized that these two women wore cones identical to the ones in
your bedroom. They had tubes coming from the ends of the cones that went around
behind them. They wore some sort of backpack.

Every minute that went past, more women came up on the platform. You had nothing
to do but observe, and you noticed everyone had a bare pussy, but after that
there were more differences than similarities. Breasts were much larger and
fuller than yours, nipples that looked as long and thick as pieces of chalk.
Areolas the size of coffee saucers, and there were pussies that had lips hanging
down three or four inches! Sure there were also women that were smaller in every
way but you seemed to notice the others first. Many women were very physically
fit, they had muscle tone that was above and beyond the norm. All the women wore
collars, chains on wrists and ankles, some even had additional chains between
those. A few had bars between their ankles, probably to keep them from putting
them together. From between every pair of pussy lips there was a visible ring
with a string between it and the rail.

People began to stand around the platform and chat. They watched you while you
watched them! Seeing those eyes ogle you, added to your humiliation because you
couldn't hide your nakedness in any way.

The sun was still hot but it was setting on the horizon. Soon it would be night
and you wondered what that would bring.

The crowd had grown very large and the rail was packed with women. Three
gentlemen came up on the platform and began going from woman to woman untying
the strings from pussy rings. As they were untied, the women turned and shuffled
to the center of the platform in a bunched up group. Soon you joined them.
Things got so tight in the center of the platform bodies rubbed each other,
allowing you felt their heat, sweat and nervousness.

When everyone was together, you heard a sharp crack from the rear of the
platform, you turned and looked to see one man swinging a long whip above your
heads. When the pack moved to get off the platform, some of the women who had
bars between their ankles stopped at the steps. You and others shuffled past
them. The group was herded into the street, you saw some women being lifted over
the steps as their bars didn't permit them to shuffle down them. The whip
continued to snap above your heads and people formed around the side of the
street ahead of the group.

As you shuffled along the street people looked at you, shouting obscenities, and
other insults.

Hearing the words you became stressed out that this seemed too little about
prisons, prisoners but more like a horrific way to be hurt in a riot of some
sorts.

Down the street they drove your group until a loud crack sounded in front of the
group. Everyone stopped and of course so did you. Up in front you saw that
someone was making the women go up a ramp and then forward on a walk or
something. Soon it was your turn to follow the woman in front of you. The ramp
was not steep, but the incline slowed your shuffle down and when it leveled off
you found yourself walking on a narrow metal walkway, with two steel rails on
either side. The crowd was forming all along the walkway which was really only a
few feet off the street.

It didn't matter which direction you faced.  Everyone could see everything about
you! When the women whose ankles were spread came forward, they were picked up
and made to stand sideways between the bars.

Everyone was standing in full view of the crowd and a loudspeaker crackled.
"Attention, the prisoners are ready, and silence came over the street." "Lets
begin."

You saw this person run over to the end of the walk with a mike and hold it in
front of the last woman. Murmur's were the only sound in the street.

She spoke, "Marion, age 40, lactating, twenty two years!"

The man went to the next woman and she said, "Penelope, age 28, laborer, sixteen
years."

Then on, "Harriet, age 48, maid, twelve years."

"Virginia, age 22, lactating, thirty five years."

"Susan, age 35, laborer, seventy two years." The entire street went silent.

On down the line each woman continued, but what was that number was after their
assignment?

When they had gotten three women away from you, you thought about what to say
when your turn came. Suddenly the mike was under your nose.

You said in a shaky voice, "Caroline, age 38, washing dishes in the bakery."

You stopped after those words and a murmur broke out while the man holding the
mike grabbed your nipple ring and pulled you over the rail.

He said angrily, "Bitch, what is your training, and how many years is your
sentence?"

With all these eyes watching as he held your nipple over the edge, you feared he
would pull it off, and stammered out. "Caroline, age 38, washing dishes,
nineteen years."

People talked as the woman next to you stated her name and such.

On down the line the mike went and soon everyone had been introduced to the
crowd.

The man with the mike went back to the first woman and held the mike in front of
her, she waited until the crowd was silent before speaking. "I think three
minutes ten seconds."

The next woman said, "Five minutes eight seconds."

The next woman said, "Eight minutes thirty seconds."

Down the line til it got to you and you said timidly, "I am not sure what I am
doing."

The man laughed and said, "Pick a time frame between one minute and ten
minutes!" "We'll explain why later on." The crowd laughed.

You thought a second and said, "Seven minutes forty five seconds."

When the whole group had stated their times, the man came back to you and
whispered, "Your body will be stimulated until you cum." "The time you stated is
how long you need to be stimulated before you cum." "Anyone who cums before
their time will be given to the people who made them cum, for all night pleasure
- or pain."

You shuddered, thinking of something like that happening to you. But wasn't it
also terrible what they were going to do to you in public now?

People walked up to the bars before you, and stood waiting. Still, others
stepping up behind you. The person in front of you put a string on your neck
collar and pulled you forward against the bars, then down until your back was
flat. You were bent with your breasts hanging down above the person in front of
you. All the women were similarly positioned.

A voice in the loudspeaker said, "Ok everyone, On your marks, gets set, go!"

The person in front of you began pulling and massaging your breasts, then
nipples. Stroking and pulling while the person behind you began feeling your
pussy. Their fingers played with your lips and stroked you at first very
tenderly and then deeper and more rough. You felt your nipples get hard and your
pussy gets wet. You saw other people walking around inspecting those who
manipulated you. They not only looked but commented on your body parts, and
asked the manipulators what your body felt like during stimulation. Your legs
were pushed apart and your buttocks spread wide.

Those fingers in your pussy made you very wet and began to cause unwanted
feelings deep inside you. Your rings were pulled and that also became a
sensation that was unavoidable.

The people commented about your resilient breasts, and asked the man in front of
you to pull your nipples by the rings. Having them watch while your body was
played with was not supposed to turn you on but your body responded to those
skillful fingers independently.

Then the hands in front of you produced a whip and held it under your nose. You
were told to lick and then kiss the tip of the whip. The tip was the small
triangular leather end.

The whip was set under your breasts and when it was flicked upward it caught
your nipple directly. Time and time again it struck each nipple. Then it changed
angles and came at your nipple from the side. It only hit you on the side of the
nipple, and then flicked to the other one. That stung but was not very hard. The
fingers in your pussy drove deeper and more forcefully during this time. One
last time the whip changed and now the tip struck the base of your breast
nearest the rib cage. It was flung very hard and very fast leaving fire behind
it. You began to moan and tried to pull away but your neck was tied. The
whipping stopped and a mouth surrounded your nipple, it sucked in hard. You felt
the heat build very quickly. Each nipple was sucked, and the arousal you felt
was terrible.




Chapter 19


Not wanting to have your body react in its entirety you tried thinking of things
that wouldn't sexually excite you. You also looked at the women on either side
of you. The woman to your right was getting similar treatment.  However, she was
pumping her hips into the person behind her. Her nipples were incredibly long,
like clothe-spins and he was using the whip to flick those nipples back and
forth. Her breasts were heavy like yours and you saw that they dripped milk from
the ends! The areola and nipple were spurting tiny streams of milk when the whip
hit them! You caught yourself staring and turned your head to the other side.
This woman was younger than you and had equal size breasts but her physique was
a muscular tone one. She had worked outdoors and had a bronzed body, except for
a tan mark around her back where there must have been a strap. Her breasts were
partly white but there was a ring of bronze just a bit beyond the areola, like
they were uncovered outside. The woman was holding her back flat while the man
below her was tugging on her nipple rings distending her nipples and long
hanging breasts downward. You saw her ring holes clearly visible.

Down a few women you heard an ecstatic moan as you supposed that a woman had
gotten her orgasm. Then it seemed as though that set off others who began
moaning and making gutturally oohh's and aahh's.

Yourself, it was close but not over the edge yet, but you had no idea how much
longer you had to hold out. The fingers inside you were very experienced and had
you at the edge, getting wetter and wetter. You knew the warmth was going to
your crotch and soon you'd humiliate yourself by exploding in front of these
people.

Then a voice in the microphone said the time, and the people touching you
stopped. The fingers left your pussy with a sloppy sound, and your nipples were
freed from that mouth! When the string was untied from your collar, you were
permitted to stand. You stretched your back and while rotating you saw quite a
few women had finished also. It made you think, had they succeeded in their
estimates or had they failed?

The group eventually stood up, every woman finishing. The group advanced forward
until you had to go down another ramp. Someone took your pussy string and led
you around the corner of the street until you arrived at the bakery place again.
You were made to enter the doorway, and as you began to step between the crowd
of people inside, you were groped and jostled.

When you had pushed your way past them the woman smiled and said, "Oh I am so
glad to have you back tonight, you did such a great job."

She walked you toward the corner until you stood in front of a cage. Yes, it was
a cage.  More like a huge bird cage, about your height. It's shape was
cylindrical, with a bunch of bars coming closer together at the top in a rounded
form. The woman opened part of the cage and held you before it, then she removed
your wrists manacles, and the ankle shackles before pushing you unchained into
the cage.

You had enough room to almost stand and enough room not to hit your head. The
circumference was enough to allow you to turn around or crouch but to stretch
your arms you had to put them outside. Since the bars did allow that you
stretched them out but your body wouldn't fit between the sturdy, shiny chrome
bars.

People watched as the woman pulled a cable from the wall and connected it to the
top of your cage, then she pressed a button on the wall and your cage lifted off
the floor. Your feet felt uncomfortable having to step on the bars or fall
freely between them, since the cage floor was not solid.

The cage swayed and bounced with your movement as you were hoisted above the
patrons of the bakery. You were about as high as the heads of people standing
the cage stopped.

"Dance, chickee, dance." The woman shouted!

You didn't understand, until she motioned by flapping her arms like a bird!

You heard the music changed to some hopping beat and get louder and you began to
dance like a go-go girl. The crowd loved it and clapped you on. The nearest
people came and slapped your lower legs by reaching inside the cage

On and on you danced while the music kept playing, it made you sweat and your
body began to glisten with shining drops.

Finally the music stopped and you got to stand still. You felt like an animal on
display, being high above them but they could see anything on your body through
the widely spaced bars.

You were really surprised when this large man grabbed the cage and pulled it and
it followed him as if on a track. He pulled you across the whole place and when
the cage hit the far wall, it dropped a few feet. You turned to see you were in
front of a dart board, and people were holding darts! Someone shouted at him,
"Hey, don't block the cart board."

He replied, "Lets use her as the board!"

You frantically looked for the woman but couldn't see her. This large man took
some rope from his pocket and began reaching through the bars and tied you to
the front of them. Your breasts were sticking between two bars, and your pussy
was held tightly there also. He kept wrapping rope around your legs and arms
keeping you from being able to move at all.

Then he walked away but returned with a piece of thick plastic board. He pushed
it between your face and the bars. You could see thru it but not clearly, and
wonder what it was for.

The man went to those who held darts and asked for some of them. He threw one
right at you! You shrieked at the same instant it hit you! It pierced you! Right
in the breast!

He wound up and aimed another, then people clapped as it hit your other breast.
You felt agony from the tip going in deeply enough to stay hanging in place.

The man said something to another person and went to a lady. She retrieved
something from her purse and gave it to him. He steeped forward and using a
lipstick container drew large circles on your breasts, placing a bull's-eye at
the nipple! He took another thinner pen like thing and made another circle
around your hips and abdomen. A bull's eye was right between your closed legs!

He stepped back and said, "You don't mind if we ask you to keep score do you?"

You panicked and tried to escape but it only shook the cage and he took aim
again. When he was finished, another person aimed their darts and stuck them
into your body. Those cruel people hit you time and time again having the time
of their lives.

The darts going in hurt just as bad when they pulled them out, leaving tiny red
dots. When the dots became too numerous the man took a large alcohol wet cloth
and dabbed you all over, the alcohol stung ferociously. You felt every stab of
those darts but could not get away from them and yelling only seemed to please
the game players and the onlookers.

They played many games and finally your cage was swung up in the air again and
back across the room. Someone untied the straps around you and you were able to
move in the cage once more. A short while later the woman returned with your
shackles and after reapplying them, opened the door, and let you out. She
ushered you downstairs again.

When you arrived there were pans stacked very high and once your neck collar was
locked the shackles removed, you were put to work.

When the woman left you stood under the light and looked at your poor breasts
once more. They had hundreds of areas where the darts had penetrated them.
Before you went outside those two had placed the milking thing on you and made a
ring on each breast but now those were gone and the target rings had taken their
place. Tiny places all over you were sore and had remnants of those darts. You
bent over and looked at your pussy and saw all the marks left on your lips.
Thank goodness that no one got my clit you thought.

You washed pans steadily for a long time and then the woman came down again. She
said, "Stop washing those things and turn around so I can inspect you."

When you turned she took your hands that instinctively went to cover your pussy
and lifted them to your head. "I told you that you must be inspected, how can I
do that if you cover yourself?"

She looked first at your shoulders and underarms, then moved to your center and
looked very carefully at every inch of your breasts. Your nipples betrayed you
by becoming erect under her intense scrutiny. Her finger touched the end of a
nipple and pushed inward, then withdrew and watched the reaction. Seemingly
pleased, she went to the other breast, and did the same thing. Stooping below
your abdomen she apparently inspected your hips too, but you didn't want to look
down. It startled you to feel her fingers pull those rings on one side and
insert her finger into your wetness. "You are ready for penetration eh," She
commented? You thought it best to remain silent.




Chapter 20


Withdrawing her finger, she spoke to you. "I had a report given to me today that
something was not right." "You need to tell me all about it." "There is nothing
that I can't find out so you might as well confess." "If I have to beat it out
of you then that could be done, but since this is your first time in prison then
you might not get punished as severely."

Her finger went to your nipple ring and she pulled you forward while walking
backward toward the exercise area.

You followed, thinking to yourself, does she know about my plan to get word out
of the country? Oh, that would be terrible, but what if she is bluffing? You
chose not to answer her.

When she had taken you to the exercise area the woman took a loop of rope off a
hook on the wall, placed one loop around each wrist and flipped a button.
Whoosh, up your arms went. You almost left the floor. Then she put another loop
of rope around each ankle and pulled it tight. She flipped another button and
your ankles were pulled wide and behind you. It happened so fast that you lost
balance, and hung by your wrists. The woman opened a cupboard and took some
things out. She began hooking them on your nipple rings til your rings made a
painful pulling on your breasts. Then she reached under you and placed some of
them on your rings there also. You felt your outer lips stretch and stretch, and
when they hurt she put some on the inner ones! Finally she began placing them on
your clit which was already long but it was not able to take much before you
cried out.

"When you begin to talk, they come off." She told you. "It could be a short or
long night."

She left the area and you worried that your body parts might never be the same
again.

The woman was gone for a long time before she returned holding the suit, and
those milking cones in her hand. She said, "These were in the wrong places, did
you try them on?"

Since you remained silent and she had a more stern look on her face and said,
"Perhaps you need something to make your memory better?"

You saw her from the corner of your eye go to the cabinet again. She took
something with an electrical cord on it and came back. She plugged it in the
wall outlet and set it below you. It had three cords on it, and only one was
plugged into the wall. The other two she picked up and used tiny clips, snapped
them on your nipple rings. When she flipped the switch, your nipples came alive
with fire! You screamed.

Then she moved a clip to your clit, and when it touched you your bladder burst
control and you peed! She laughed and moved another clip to your pussy lip and
shocked you there. "I can do this all night," she remarked. "Now tell me what is
the reason the things were misplaced?"

You knew she'd win and you couldn't take this punishment all night so you
stopped screaming long enough to blurt out, "I tried them on!"

She took the clips away and looked into your eyes and said, "Repeat that and
tell me all about it."

You had to confess, "I saw them and tried to put the outfit on to be dressed but
it didn't cover me." "Then I put the cone on just to see what it felt like."

She laughed and said, "I see, and what else did you put on?"

You decided to admit that you connected the tubing and suction. "But it hurt so
I removed it." You cried.

The woman thought for a while and said, "Well, then you are going to put it on
tonight for bedtime!" "I take it you considered accepting duty in prison as a
milker rather than a laborer or maid?"

You admitted that laboring was not your best possibility because, as you said it
"I've never worked physically."

The woman smiled and said, "We will see if you can become a milker then." "But
you have to sign documents requesting that."

The woman flipped switches and you dropped to the floor as the ropes slackened
quickly. "Take the weights off yourself while I get your outfit," the woman
said.

You removed the ropes, and were surprised at the number of large lead weights
she had placed on your rings. Your pussy-lips felt inches longer.

The woman returned and gave you the suit. She watched as you put it on and then
she said "Kneel."

You knelt on all fours and felt her hands connect the cones and strapped you in
tight. It felt better than a punishment bra by tenfold. Next she took a pack and
placed it on the straps on your back and

connected the tubing. The thing she put on your back must have been a portable
pump because she did something and the cones tightened around your breasts. The
suction was not bad at first but after she felt the cones and pulled on them she
must have been able to control the suction because it tightened more, pulling
your nipples out and making the whole areola and nipple sensitive.

She walked toward the bedroom and motioned you to follow.

She told you to wait while she slid the bottom drawer out and before you got in
she took a large piece of wood from behind a cabinet and laid it on the drawer.
The board had holes in it, two where your breasts would be, and another farther
down. The woman told you to lay on your front again and your breasts hung down
below you in the holes. The tubing didn't even get in the way. Ankles and wrists
were again placed in the stocks and the woman stood away and said. "Almost
done."

You wondered what else could she do, as you were already feeling the suction
cause blood to pool in the ends of your breasts.

Her hands fiddled with the back and rear of the body-suit until you became clear
that it opened up and allowed her access to your pussy. You grunted as she
pushed something into your pussy! She pumped it til she was sure it went in all
the way and then said, "Remember the dildo will measure your muscular movements,
but will not necessarily bring you to orgasm." "You are forbidden to cum, even
though the milking sometimes brings women very near." "Punishment for having
orgasms will be to have electrical clips put on your pussy lips or clit, all
night."

She laid down and turned out the lights.

The cones on your breasts sucked and sucked, sometimes extremely tight and other
times just a little, never regularly. Your nipples were very hard and you felt
fluid pool in your pussy, the suction was nonstop. Hours went past and you felt
less able to sleep with this than the pins on your breasts and the thing inside
you the previous night.

The dildo just laid inside but you felt it since it was so large. Your mind
pictured it sticking in between your legs and how your flappy lips must have
looked. Pain radiated throughout your huge udders as they hung below you and you
were unable to touch, or move them even a little. They felt very heavy.

After a long time you must have fell asleep, but woke when you dreamed that you
were fucking some young stud like the one you had today. But he never gave you
orgasm, frustrating you.

In the morning after the woman woke she stood over you and said. "Those buttocks
are much too white." You didn't realize what that meant until you felt a whip
strike your cheeks. Her whipping was extremely vicious, and screams went
unheaded. Once your body was tanned enough she removed the stocks, letting you
out on your hands and knees. You were to crawl out of the bedroom  and into the
bathroom, where she watched as you sat on the commode. Finally she made sure the
dildo remained in place. You were ordered to crawl to the exercise area.

She said, "Your exercises as a milker might not as severe but you aren't a real
milker yet are you?"

When you were in the exercise area, she let you eat some breakfast and drink
from the tube, leaving you there while she went upstairs.

Kneeling and eating while that milker pulled at your breasts and nipple was
difficult.

After the woman returned she came right over and said, "The first thing you do
for exercises is to kneel upright and extend your arms like a cross." "Now bring
your hands back together keeping your arms straight." "Open and close them like
this a while."

This position reminded you of a butterfly and you did this until your weary arms
began to shake.

She checked the placement of your dildo and cones before saying. "Next I want
you to kneel and lift one leg at a time straight behind you, keeping it out for
as long as I say."

You had to do many of these making your legs tired.

The woman now said, "I want you to do the full style pushups."

You tried to do some even as the cones touched the floor before they normally
would. You felt them press against your huge sore breasts. However you continued
to do those pushups as she ordered. It wasn't long and your arms began to freeze
up and you buckled to the floor. It made you afraid of punishment, and you
sobbed when you fell.




Corporate Type chapter 21

The woman spoke to you saying, "Ok, so you aren't strong yet, there are still
more exercises you need to do, but these you will have to do outside!" "Get up
and stand on your feet."

"She took a string and tied it to a ring between your legs." Then cuffed your
hands behind you. She pulled you forward and up the steps.

When you got into the business, you smelled the freshly baked sweet rolls and
breads. There were already customers there and they noticed you immediately.
Wearing your body suit offered you a little protection but they could still see
your breasts covered only by those cones, and of course your pubic area was wide
open.

The woman greeted a few customers and stopped to introduce these customers to
you. "I've got this prisoner and will take her to the milk plant to show her
what it's like if she can lactate!"

The customers talked to her while they felt your body as if you were a new coat!
Their hands felt your breasts, squeezing them and your tummy through the suit.
However you flooded with embarrassment when the hands went between your rings
and twisted the dildo!

"My my, she seems like she's a wet one," remarked a woman customer.

Your boss replied, "Oh, I'll remove the dildo if you want." She made you step
into the open and spread your knees as she pulled the dildo out with a pop. Then
the dildo was brought to your mouth and everyone heard, "Swallow it and suck,
don't drop it."

You flushed again in embarrassment and anger at having to publicly perform this
terrible act.

While you had the dildo in your mouth the customers were invited to penetrate
you, and fingers went in and out. The dildo was reinserted and you had to suck
their fingers after that!

The woman continued her trek out of the store and out into the street. The sun
was already up and you felt the heat pass through the body suit warming you.

People saw you walking, some stared while others gave you only a glance. There
were other women prisoners being led around in the same manner as you. Blocks
from the bakery the woman pulled you up some stone steps into a building that
looked like an old schoolhouse.

A gentleman took your name and as the woman said your body measurements he wrote
them into a book. The woman passed on through another door, taking you along.
When you stepped into the room, you were shocked. Inside this quaint building
was a large room that you have to describe in detail.

Since the woman stopped and had you stand still, as she removed your handcuffs
you had time to look all around and you took it all in.

To the right were steps like a ladder that went straight up. The ladder went to
one of three floors, well, actually they were ledges with steel bars for rails.
These rails and ledges went all around until there was another ladder at the
other side of the room. Kneeling on the ledges were women whose body was on all
fours. Every woman there had a set of cones on their breasts like yours. In the
center of the room was a large series of pipes hanging from the ceiling, and
there were many cameras hanging from these poles.

The woman interrupted you and pushed you to the ladder, saying "Go up to the
top."

You climbed the ladder all the way past the first two ledges and when you came
out on the top one the woman behind you said, "Remember to crawl down the
ledge."

The size of the ledge was narrow and you were glad that you didn't have to pass
any other woman because there wasn't room! The ceiling above you gave barely
enough room for the woman following you to stoop. When she stopped you, she took
two tubes from the wall behind you and said, "You would already be fitted with
your cones so all you would have to do is place these tubes into the ends."
"Then you would flip this pipe up, and push your pussy back onto it, that turns
on the suction." "If you move away from the tip of the pipe then the suction
stops." "Here, lets show you."

She removed the tubes from the cones that lead to your backpack and substituted
them with ones from the wall. Then she slides out your dildo and flipped up the
bar from the wall.

"Ok now move backward until it is inside you and the suction starts in the
cones." She remarked.

You backed slowly feeling the huge bar penetrates you and suddenly the cones
sucked on tightly. "The woman told you that as long as you stayed penetrated,
the suction would continue, only when you move off the bar does it stop."
"Milking is something you would have to do as many as three times a day or your
breasts will become sore and too full!" "We don't have to have anyone come here
with you because you'll want to rid yourself of milk." "If you stay on the
milking machines long enough, they would drain all your milk and when they do
you'll be given an immense orgasm from the bar s reward!" "Want to feel it?"

You declined but the woman said, "Sorry Dearie, since your breasts give no milk
the bar will get a signal from the suction machine that it isn't drawing any
fluid, and the bar will begin to massage you inside." "We will stay until that
happens."

You looked around at all the other women in different ledges who looked back at
you. They expressions were complacent, and didn't seem to dislike what they were
doing. Every once in a while one of them would give that shudder resembling an
orgasm and they'd then disconnect themselves from the tubes and crawl to the
ladder, descending it.

You knelt while the woman stooped next t you and felt the suction on your
nipples and areola. The rhythm was easy to figure out and you felt it increase
to a point then decrease only to continue that cycle over and over.

Suddenly the bar began to heat and rotate inside you. It shuddered and came
alive, making you very aware of its presence. Part of it withdrew and then
penetrated, then rotated and vibrated. It hummed and the woman began to massage
your tummy saying, "Cum little dearie cow, cum for me."

You felt so used and embarrassed but she kept up her comments until you were
made to orgasm, and it overtook you quickly. She seemed pleased, urging your
body to spasm saying, "Feel it, ooh it moves, tingle and excites you doesn't
it?"

After you calmed down, she said, "Ok, now you check out and then we go back to
work."

She descended the ladder first and you followed.

When you arrived at the desk, she replaced the cuffs behind you while talking to
the man at the desk.

He commented, "She could be a great milker, have you explained what benefits
she'd get?"

She laughed and said, "She's only been in prison a few days, but after she's
shown the alternatives we'll bring her back!" "Notice her breasts are already
large and ready, would you like to suck her nipples before I replace the tubes?"

The man stood and came around, he grasped your body and fed on your hard nipples
for some time.

The woman snuck a hand under your legs and manipulated the dildo inside you.

"So where are you taking her now," the man asked.

"We have to return to the bakery and after she washed pans, half day at the
mine." She replied.

The man sat down while the woman pulled you forward by your pussy rope.

After exiting the door as you went down the steps the woman told you to walk
very bowlegged. "I want to see how many people look at your pussy." "Anyone we
pass, you have to ask, would you like to touch at my pussy?"

You trembled at that horrible task. Having to ask people in public to touch you
so personally was going to be very hard.

You bent your legs at the knees and pointed your bare toes outward. This only
allowed you to take short steps, and opened your crotch wide for any eyes.

You weren't surprised when three women walking together came toward you. As they
grew close, you said timidly in a very humiliated voice, "Would you like to
touch my pussy?"

This stopped them dead in their tracks and all six eyes looked at yours, before
dropping down and looking at your offering.

One of them remarked, "Sure, I would like to touch it, but...." From behind her
she withdrew a short crop bearing a triangle tip and asked your owner. "Can I
use this?"

The woman replied, "Definitely so."

The lady came up to you and flicked at your bared open pussy, hitting the lips
hard three times. Then she said, "Can we play with her dildo?"

Your owner said, "Sure."

You stood openly while each took a turn withdrawing and pushing that dildo into
you on the side of the street. They took so long that other people stopped and
watched!




Corporate Type chapter 22

Here you stand spread legged, showing everyone your pussy while women take
turned penetrating your body. You began to tear and looked at everyone through
glassy eyes. You wanted to close them but didn't. The women commented at how
your pussy looked, saying intimate things about the texture, color, and size of
your lips.

When they eventually stopped and thanked your owner they walked away and the
woman said, "You have more people to ask that question."

You choked and looked at them and said, "Sir, would you like to touch my pussy?"
He smiled and reached down and patted it like a cat, then walked on.

Others were asked the same and some touched gently, some pinched, some opened
you by holding your rings and some played with the dildo.

The woman and you slowly moved toward the store. She walked you past people and
downstairs. Once there she attached the chain to your neck and disrobed you
completely. You complained abut having to submit to so many filthy hands that
she put a ball in your mouth and strapped it in tightly so as not to listen to
your complaints. After removing the suit, backpack and dildo she told you to get
to work and wash pans while she took things into the bedroom.

While she was gone, the girl came down the steps and placed more pans in front
of you. The girl thanked you for yesterday, and though you tried, you were
unable to tell her not to speak. She said she had tried to call the other people
from your company but they had been in a meeting in the hotel. She tried a
number you gave her but no answer. She leaned in front of you trying to look at
your breasts.

"Turn so I can see if those rings are still there," she said.

You didn't obey and she grabbed one of them and pulled you around saying, "Do
what I said."

She gave a close inspection of your breasts noticing that there were fresh
rings. You stood still while her tiny fingers played with your flesh making it
come alive with sensation.

She said, "These are fresh, what happened to you?"

You tried using hand language to tell her but suddenly the woman came around the
corner and noticed the girl and said, "Go back upstairs," then paused and said,
"Unless you want to end up like her?"

The girl bowed embarrassingly and dismissed herself apologetically, running up
the steps.

The woman said, "Gosh, we'll have hurry and get over to the station, because the
ride leaves soon.

She took your hands and cuffed them, removed the chain from your collar and
pulled your pussy rope. She rushed you through store and out into the street,
she made you jog along naked, floppy breasts and all. When you got to this
station which was nothing more than a roofed set of posts the woman changed
pussy ropes for a much longer one.

The woman approached a cart, and got in. In front of the cart were two naked
women, wearing harness's of leather on their body and things on their face. The
woman got into a cart, and sat down while you stood alongside.

Shortly after that a man came over and got in, "To mine number seven," She said.

The man took a whip and laid the tip onto the backs of the women who pulled the
cart along. The women began to jog slowly and you followed the cart.

You passed people and buildings until you left the town. Up and down short hills
you went getting more and more tired but your gag prevented you from
complaining. Stopping would rip the ring from your pussy so that was not an
option.

Finally after you were breathing very hard and shaking from exhaustion the cart
turned off on a dirt road and the women slowed their pace to a walk.

The cart approached a large rock faced surface and stopped. The woman got out
and took you for a walk. The wall turned and there was a large hole about ten
feet high in the stone wall. The woman walked you inside and soon the brightness
became very dim. It was cooler but still humid inside and your sweat continued
to pour off you. The woman led you past other men and women who were pushing
wheelbarrows full of dirt or rocks outside.

The woman took you to an elevator. More of a cage elevator. You both got on and
the thing descended down. You saw that there were perhaps a dozen floors, and
you bypassed them all!

When the elevator stopped the woman and you exited. Within a few feet of the
elevator there was a desk, and a man behind it.

The woman said, "I have this new prisoner, to have an experience in the mines
today." "I'll pick her up at the station about seven PM!" "She's not a physical
woman, so go easy since she may end up a house maid or milker anyway."

The man rose and took your rope. "Ok, thanks, we'll take excellent care of her
til then."

When the woman went back up the elevator, the man looked you over much like he
was buying you. He probed, pulled, lifted and inspected, making you feel like
being an animal.

When he took off the gag, and said, "OK, first you need introduction to the task
here." "We are digging underground, this in the fifteenth level." "We do it all
by hand." "Since there is no time limit, and we have free labor like you
prisoners, we use you to create the best of dungeons and torment chambers the
world could possibly ever know." "We'll take you on a tour and let you speak to
some of the women here."

He led you by your rope down a long rock walled hallway. The lighting was so
very dim that you couldn't see pockets on his trousers in front of you.

He stopped and showed you a door, well, a set of bars covering a hole dug into
the rock. "This is one of the cells that you could live in."

Walking farther down you began to hear voices, moans and groans. It was spooky
being so dark and dank that you became frightened.

He stopped again and flicked on his flashlight into another hole. There was a
woman, well.  She really looked like an animal inside it!

The woman cowered away from the bars and crouched on her feet. The man
commanded. "Come forward and show yourself now!"

The woman crawled on her hands and knees til she got to the bars and then stood,
pushing her pussy and breasts against the bars, and spreading her arms and legs
wide. Her broken voice stammered in a frightened tone. "Please touch my pussy,
Sir." "Please pull on my clit til I scream." "Please make me beg to be beaten!"
You were taken aback at how sincere she sounded. Her body pressing forward
tightly against those metal bars.

The man said to you, "Bite her nipples hard." "Then kneel, find her clit and
bite until she screams!"

You were shocked at having to do such a hideous thing to such a poor creature,
but he coughed and you responded.

Her nipple smelled of feces and urine, and when you bit she screamed and said,
"Yes, oh Yes, thank you!" You administered a bite to each nipple and then had to
push your tongue between her pussy lips til you felt her clit get large enough
to bit.

 Again she responded ecstatically and the guard said, "Ok, enough." Pulling you
back.

You saw him open a box on the wall and withdrew something. He threw it into her
hole and she scampered after it.

"I just gave her a treat, for her reward," he said.

"The women get only two meals per day, and only get sweet treats if they submit
to what we consider torment of some sort." When it is her shift, she works for
twelve hours! Afterwards she is taken back here to rest.

He took you farther on down the hallway.

You came upon more cages and more women laying inside, naked, ragged and filthy.

When the hallway turned, he stopped you and said. "We have special rooms for
torment." "Inside some of these rooms the worst torture that could possibly
happen goes on."

He went to an actual door and opened it. There was a bright light on, and the
floor was tiled nicely, unlike the outside hallways leading to it.

He led you down this hallway and stopped at various doors. Allowing you to look
inside. You saw tables and chairs inside. A woman on each! They were all naked
but had things sticking in and out of them!

The last room in the hall he opened and you saw a woman laying on her back on a
table. Not just any table, this one had small sections for arms legs and body.
He walked you over to her head.




Corporate Type
Chapter 23

You saw she had been strapped tightly down in many places and had a pipe running
up to her pussy.

One of her breasts was enormous, but the other was tiny with a large nipple. The
large nipple had a large heavy ring in it.

She looked at you with watery eyes and spoke, "You must be new." "Don't make the
mistake I did." "They gave me the choice and I chose to become a milkmaid, then
I complained about the size of my breasts." "As punishment they removed the milk
glands from one breast which is tiny now." "My other breast still gives milk so
I have to feed the women in solitary with it." "My life has changed so much
since then, until I am needed to feed the prisoners I lay on this hard table."
"If it were not for the guards coming in and raping me, then I never get anyone
to visit.!" "Then that thing is put into me that gets me close to, but never
lets me orgasm."

When asked how long she'd been here, "Years, I suppose, I was jailed in ninety
five." She said.

You thought that's years ago!

The guard motioned you to move away from her and dropped his pants. "Make me
hard," he commanded. Your fingers wrapped around him and you squeezed and pulled
until he grew to an astonishing length, and girth. "Now push me into her," He
ordered.

You had to push him inside of her pussy, then stand and watch while he had
pounded into her. Once finished he began to unstrap her body, then commanded her
to crawl around the room. As she crawled, he took his whip, struck her on the
buttocks and back multiple times. He commented to you, "Notice how her single
udder shakes because it is full?" He directed her on the table on all fours.

Looking at you he said, "You are to milk her into this small plastic bowl, then
you drink it."

As she took her position on the table you watched, and saw her milk filled
breast hangs down below her body. You found the bowl, placed it under her, then
began fingering her nipple until you were able to get milk from her teat.

When the bowl was half full the guard told you to sample it. They both watched
as you drank the milk down. It tasted sweet, and it was also very warm!

Then the guard shackled the woman and told her, "Go nurse your friends before
they die of thirst."

She crawled out of the door and the guard turned to look at you. "Get up on the
table," he ordered.

You were so frightened, now being alone with him and did as he ordered. Sitting
on the table you had no choice but to stretch yourself on the narrow parts of
it. When your arms and legs were spread wide, the guard began to tighten straps
over your legs, on your upper arms. When he finished, he took a stance between
your legs, "Ok, you will beg me to enter you, and beg me to be brutal!" He put
his hands on your pussy and waited.

You shook in fear but managed to speak to him. "Please don't do this to me, I
haven't been on any pill and I don't want to get pregnant."

The guard smiled and said, "What was you supposed to say?" "I thought you a
smart woman, but you do stupid things."

He stepped away and returned holding wires in his hand. "Now you will say one
word at a time until you've done as I ordered." "One shock before every word
until you've said every word correctly."

His hands brought the wires forward and touched each of your nipples. The fire
spread through your body and stopped you from breathing! . He took them it away
and paused.

You immediately said, "Please," in a very agonized voice.

He returned the wires to your body, this time on your lower lips.

You yelled out the word, "Fuck." Wishing he would allow you more than one word.

Again the wires touched and sent a shock into your tired body.

"Me," your crackled voice said.

The guard kept touching and you kept saying one more word at a time. After so
many words you though that he would quit but he continued on and on, and you
added more words to your request.

When the guard did seem satisfied, he put those wires down and began fingering
your pussy rings, including the one in your clit! You didn't want that but it
made your nerves come alive and you know that's what made you wet inside.

He eventually became hard and pushed himself into you. Your eyes welled up in
tears as you felt the inevitable rape. Twice since your prison time started had
you actually been fucked.

He was brutal and pounded into you viciously making you feel more a thing than
another person. When he had spilled his seed into you he came around to your
head and whispered, "Now you get the big flush."

You didn't understand what that meant but when he walked around naked to a wall
and pulled a hose from it you understood quite well. He turned on a water spigot
and began spraying you with icy cold water! Every nerve in your skin screamed
aloud as the sensation made goose bumps pop up everywhere! He wavered the spray
from your head to your feet back and forth before coming closer to you. Then he
aimed the spray at your neck and came right above you forcing the water directly
down. Next he made circles around your laying breasts, hitting them so hard they
flopped back and forth. Next were your abdomen and he concentrated on your
navel. He aimed the spray down one hip to your leg and when he got to the foot
he went back upward and down the other leg, skipping your pussy. The last thing
he did was spray into your pussy! He got so close that the stream parted your
inner pussy lips and made your gasp as it came in contact with your clit. The
cold water was not a turn on but it made that clit very alert. He pushed closer
and you felt the water enter your body. Then he pushed the end of the nozzle
just inside you and you felt your inner body go numb from the cold. He held the
nozzle there for some time moving it up and down and the water came bubbling out
of you.

When the guard felt he had cleansed you enough he returned to the wall and
turned off the water. In a cruel tone he asked, "Kinda cold eh?"

You were shivering still, and declined to answer. That was a mistake.

The guard repeated his question saying, "You'll be whipped if you forget to
speak when spoke to."

You were about to answer when he began whipping your wide-open pussy. He slapped
very fast and very hard. Every strike put fire into your lips.

You begged him to stop saying, "Yes the water made me cold."

His only response huffing hard, as he continued to strike you was, "You are
cold, then this is what you need to heat you up." "Fail to answer one more time
and we'll make your clit regret it!"

You knew that this statement was one that needed a response and you cried out,
"Yes, oh yes, Sir!"

He kept up beating you for a while making you sob in agony.

When he stopped, he stood at your shoulder and said, "Now for some real pain."
He drew his hand back and began slapping your nipples. Arching your back was
futile as the straps were too tight and there was nothing you could do but lay
there and try to mentally block out the fire burning in your nipples.

He seemed to enjoy striking them and changed his angle from direct to from the
side. You noticed that your nipples stayed erect throughout all this.

The guard stopped again and asked, "I am going to give you a sample of
discipline, guess where?"

You were bewildered, having your nipples and pussy on fire was terrible but to
have more?

You responded quickly, "No sir, I can't guess where they'll be."

He laid the whip down and suddenly the upper half of the table began to move and
raised your back until you were forced sitting up. With your legs still strapped
wide you were able to see your bright red pussy lips.

He moved a small stool around between your legs and sat down holding the whip in
his hand.

The man took some string and tied some to all your pussy rings!

"This will hold you open, and make it easy to strike the target!" He spoke with
a sinister look.

As you looked down you realized where he was going to deliver those blows.
Directly on your clit!

He looked into your watering eyes, and said. "You have to count each blow for
me, but only the ones that strike your clit, if you count the wrong ones the
blows will be restarted."

"After each blow you will say, and in a clear voice, Thank you for the perfect
discipline!"

Then he wiggled the tip of the whip around your clit which reacted in the most
awful way by getting larger. You watched at the whip moved forward and almost
lost your mind as the first blow struck!




Corporate type
Chaper 24

White flashes lit up the room as your body shuddered feeling the shock between
your legs. You hips bucked and you remembered to count the number, Screaming
out, "One." Just then you realized that you had to maintain control and perform
for him. "Thank you for the perfect discipline," You stammered. Hoping that it
would be as he ordered.						

The guard allowed you time to compose yourself, "In case you wondered how I came
up with the number of blows, your sentence is nineteen years!" "Clit whipping is
done here for whatever reason necessary in the mines." "It could be done if you
misbehave for any reason." "Where ever you are, if there is someone who wants to
whip your clit, you will immediately lay on your back or sit like this and
spread your legs." "If your hands are not shackled behind you then your fingers
must expose your clit and hold your lips out of the way!" "You will thank
whomever just like this!"

He struck you again, and the fire rekindled, sending pain deep within.

You had little choice but to count aloud and recite your sentence of acceptance.

This whipping went on until you had finished. He made you miss three numbers
even though you thought that you had done very good, but he was master of all
that you did. There was no argument.

When he completed the last blows he unstrapped your arms and legs saying, "Get
down and walk."

Since he didn't give any direction you headed for the door, but his whip struck
your hip and you turned away from it. He caught you on the other side and you
turned again as he made you go right up to the wall. He said, "Good, you seem to
know when I give directions." "Lets go to work."

He opened the door and you walked out totally unchained!

Down the hallway you walked, heavy breasts hanging loosely on your ribs, swaying
side to side as you moved along. There was still a burning in your clit, and
moving your legs together as you walked on enabled the pain to continue to
bother you. The guard occasionally struck you with the whip making you walk in
any desired direction, but when the hallway was straight you knew his blows were
more a form of harassment than anything else.

The hallways were rock, you passed by only a few caves dug into the walls. The
caves had bars on the front of them like you saw on the initial way in, but no
occupants. The maze of tunnels surprised you. Then as you made a turn, in front
of you stood another guard! He had a long stick gun in his grasp and when two
spoke, one informed the other about your assignments.

The guard stood in the hallway but ahead of him the area was much larger. There
were three women already there. Two on their knees doing something to the wall
and a third using a shovel to put stones into a wheelbarrow.

When the guard left you in the hands of this new guard the male said, "Go over
and pickup a tool from that box, and join the others on the wall, they'll
explain what to do."

You walked to the women and when they turned to see you one said, "We have to
scrape or chip away the stone from the wall and then it gets gathered to be put
in the wheelbarrow."

You had a small handled chisel that you wondered how you'd perform any worthy
service with it. But you knelt and began doing the same as the other women.

You glanced over toward them from time to time. The woman closest to you was
young, perhaps in her early twenties, blond hair cut shagged to her shoulders.
She had a very dirty body full of smudge marks all over. Her body was athletic
and glistened in the heat of the mine from sweat. Those arms had muscle
definition more like a body builder than a woman, and her breasts were tightly
close to her chest. You kept looking back at her until you were sure of those
nipples though, they were extremely long and had some sort of metal wires around
them.

The woman next to her was older in fact older than you. She had no hair at all,
her head obviously shorn completely bald. Her body was not athletic but it
didn't appear to have any flab except for one place. Her breasts hung down and
resembled deflated balloons with long nipples at the bottom pointing downward.
When she bent over her breasts hung below her and looked so sad. She worked
steadily but not at all in any hurry.

The last woman you looked at was pushing the shovel periodically to get chips of
stone that fell from the wall. She stood, and her hair was also cut ragged to
her shoulders. Her age might have been late twenties or early thirties, but she
looked worn down. Her body was very skinny, having that anorexic look. She too
had very unique breasts that sagged like thin bread bags. Her breasts were long
and hung way down almost to her hips. When she moved they swung around getting
in the way of the shovel. Her nipples were also long, like pencils. She caught
you staring and put her hand in front of them to get your attention, so you
looked up at her eyes.

She seemed mad that you stared and said, "Hey bitch what the hell is so
interesting you've got to stare."

You were surprised and turned your head and began chipping, but the guard
noticed and you felt him approach you from behind. Then a shock when he touched
your hip with his stick!

"You were asked a question from a senior inmate, so you better answer," he said.

As your eyes looked back at the woman you saw her walking over to you, she
grabbed your hair and puller you up on your knees. "You wanna look, then look
bitch." she said.

You were frightened at her aggression, and timidly responded while you shook in
fear. "I am sorry for staring at you."

That answer wasn't enough and she swung her breasts in your face and said, "Go
ahead and stare now, isn't that what you want to do?"

"I am sorry," you repeated. "I just have never seen breasts like yours that's
all."

She took one of her breasts and slid it along your cheek and then brought the
nipple up to your mouth and said, "Wrap those pretty little lips around this."

You were now becoming terrified at her control and that the guard seemed to
allow this action, so you opened your mouth and let her push the nipple inside.
You closed your mouth and tasted the bitter flesh but were fascinated at the
length of it and it was very rubbery.

She spoke again, "Ok bitch really suck on it!"

You did as ordered and looked out of the corner of your eye as the other women
looked on. After minutes of performing the woman pulled her teat from your lips,
released her hold and stepped back. "So tell me what you think of my tits!" She
inquired.

At first you stammered incoherently trying to figure out the best words to say.
Finally you decided to be open and said, I just haven't seen any breasts as long
as yours, nor any nipples that way." "Are they natural or did something cause
them to be that way?"

After a long time she spoke again, while her hands held and smoothed her
breasts. "I have been put on a punishment program that stretched them out, first
my breasts and then the nipples." "They took many months to get this way, but I
have had no choices." "You didn't notice my other parts I guess," as she spread
her legs and you saw the longest set of lips and clit you could have ever
imagined.

She pulled her inner and outer lips out, and you could see they were about a
foot each with this really long thing hanging between them.

Her fingers took that long piece of flesh and held it up like a hose, "This is
my clitoris." "They used some type of injection to make it floppy and then
pulled it out over time with weights."

The guard said, "Get back to work, bitches," poking you in the side with his
stick.

Fire erupted from some electricity as it passed into your body!

You took your chisel and resumed chiseling.

Hours passed, at least you figured they were hours, and the three of you
continued working non-stop except for having to use the bathroom. There was a
pot in the corner for that and everyone could watch if not hear the sounds.
Embarrassing, well by now you had seen everything they had and they had seen
everything you had, so it just seemed depressing rather than humiliating.

Finally the guard said time was up and he made the three of you walk ahead of
him. The woman who pushed the wheelbarrow didn't need help as it wasn't but half
full. They led you around corner after corner of hallways and finally the lead
woman stopped, in a large cavernous room. It was noisy and there was a hole in
the wall where the woman pushed her wheelbarrow underneath. The other woman
stood on either side and using hands cupped the stone chips and put them into
the hole in the wall.

One woman turned to you and said, "There must be some way to have them lifted
out of here thru this hole."

When the barrow was empty the woman pushed it over against a different wall they
led you out of the room and into another hallway. The hallway was dead end and
had small caves along the walls.




Corporate Type
Chapter 25

The women went to a cave and stood before the bars.  You followed suit. The
guard opened the bars at your cave entrance, and pushed you inside with his
stick, the jolt it gave you made you cry out, and you sprawled to the floor. You
saw him disappear as he walked to the next cave. The metal bars squeaked as they
were moved and then a clang as they were closed. The sounds were echoing down
the short hallway of stone. The guard walked past your cave and that was that!

The woman next to you whispered, "Someone will bring us milk soon, we get all
you can drink so to speak." "There should be a pail for you to use if necessary,
also sleep when you can because the next shift comes along fast and we'll be
back at work."

You looked around and saw the pail, then sat down in the sandy bottom of your
five feet by four foot cave. The heat was very high and humidity made the sand
stick to your skin. "It is very hot in here, is it always like this?" You
inquired of the other women.

"The temperature is always hot and humidity is easy to get used to if you don't
move around much." One of the women called out to you.

So here you sat and then laid back curling up closing your eyes you began to cry
softly.

You dreamed of the past life you had, corporate decisions and office spaces,
such a pleasant dream.

A hand touching your shoulder awoke you and you saw the female with one huge
breast kneeling in front of your cave bars!

"Hurry and drink, I have only a little time for each one of you," she said as
she pushed her monstrous breast thru the square of the bars.

It appalled you to have to suckle her, but you were thirsty and there was no
other liquid given. You knelt in front of her on your side of the bars and
grasped her huge udder, placing your lips on the nipple and began to suck.
Immediately you felt the warm liquid slide down your parched throat. It had a
sweet but watery taste and you drank from this human straw willingly. There
seemed to be a never-ending supply and you engorged yourself, holding her teat
all the time.

Suddenly she stood up and said, "Enough, I have to serve the others, but now it
is your turn for my payment." She pushed her pussy against the bars and said,
"Spread my lips and suck my clitoris."

You didn't want to and hesitated, but she said, "I can skip your next feeding,
unless you pay me."

You pulled her large lips apart and using your lips sucked her clit into your
mouth.

She moaned as you sucked on it, and within a minute she bucked her hips and wet
juices flowed out of her slit onto your tongue. "Paid, in full was her
response," and she backed away going to the next cave.

You listened intently as the sounds echoed from the nearby caves. You heard
suckling and moaning, and then the milk woman orgasmic tones once more.

This was repeated two more times before she passed by your cave and departed
elsewhere.

More time passed and you actually got some sleep, but were once more awakened by
noises. In front of your cave was a woman. Her hands were cuffed behind her and
she faced a cart. The cart was attached to her by rope tied to each of her
nipple rings. She turned to face you and said. "A new girl eh, well here's
chow!" You got close to the bars and saw a large bowl filled with brown gravy
like mess, and three smaller bowls next to it. "Take you bowl and dip it in so I
can go to the others," she said.

You filled your bowl and brought it to the bars and sniffed it. It didn't
resemble anything you had ever tasted. You swallowed some of it carefully and
discovered it was like chicken broth, and drank it down, swallowing small chunks
of meat and vegetables too. It warmed you making you perspire even more.

The woman was walking backwards using the rope tied to her nipples to pull the
cart back in front of your cave. "More?" she asked.

You gladly filled your bowl again. She continued going between your caves until
you had you fill.

When you declined anymore, she moved herself close to the bars and knelt, "Let
me suckle your teats," She said.

You looked at her and said, "I'd rather not."

She asked one more time and you gave the same response. She spoke softly, "You
will be sorry."

She went to the others and you heard them whispering to quiet to hear.

She left and you once more tried to sleep in the soft but stick sand. You
dreamed again that you were in corporate heaven, having a full stomach.

Suddenly lightening struck and you felt agony in the right breast! Your eyes
opened and you saw a stick had touched you.

"Lay back and spread your legs bitch," the male guard said!

You scrambled around to try and protect yourself but the cave was small and you
would never get out of reach of that probe.

You lay on your back spreading your knees and feet quickly and watched in the
dim light as the guard opened the bars! He produced a whip and said, "New Woman,
so just for that I want to punish you." "Count as I discipline you."

He waited a few seconds and then spoke angrily, "Don't you know what to do?"

Scared at forgetting the lesson taught yesterday you reached down and pulled
your pussy lips open, and said, "I am ready for discipline, Sir."

The guard struck you hard between the legs, paused a short while, before
laughing and struck you directly between those lips twice rapidly. "A stupid
bitch, you are supposed to count and thank me for the discipline!"

You remembered that now, "Um Sir, One, Thank you for the discipline." You
stammered.

"Com'on now cunt, you don't get credit for that one." He chuckled. "Spread em
wider." His lash struck you directly on your poor clit and your body convulsed
in agony.

Amidst tears and choking in pain you yelled, "One, Thank you for the
discipline!"

The guard seemed pleased and paused before striking again.

He tormented you for nineteen hard viscous lashings before stopping.

He turned and left the cave, closing the bars behind him.

Your tears flowed and you laid spread out for some time before moving. Your
pussy screamed in pain as you closed your legs, so you laid back and slept with
them wide open. It was vulgar to lay spread like that but the pain was very
severe.

Again you dreamed and dreamed until more noise awoke you. It was the female cow
again. She offered her udder for you to nurse on and it tasted good, you were
nearly dehydrated. She expected her normal payment and you complied readily this
time. She left your cave and you heard her administer to the others.

She knelt one more time before your bars and offered her milk a second time. You
were grateful and told her so. She allowed you to suckle for a long time. Then
she backed away and said, "Let me suck yours," winking her eye at you.

You though to yourself there was no way you'd do that but on second thought - if
she was your sole source of fluids, you'd better make her happy. You pushed
yourself up against the bars and allowed her to hold a breast, putting her mouth
on it. While you knelt, you felt the most intimate of feelings, it was pleasant
to have her mouth on you and she seemed very skillful, and soon the heat built
between your legs. Not the fire from pain, but pleasure. She took time on each
breast and her tongue played with your erect nipples and nipple rings.

She probably expected it would bring on an orgasm so your shudder brought her
hands to your back.

They massaged you as the orgasm took over and made you buck against the bars.
When you stopped shaking, she released her hold and you knelt back in a daze.

She stood up and went to the next cave, while you laid back against the rock
wall, sweating and contemplating what had just happened.

When she left the hallway, you laid back and rested once more.

You were curled up and felt a tugging on your nipple.  It was the food woman!

She whispered, "Get up I'll be back." Then pulled her cart to the next cave.

You heard the other women get their food and then she came back to your bars.
"Are you ready to let me suck your breasts, or do you want to go hungry?" She
spoke in a tone that meant business.

You crawled up on your knees and pushed your breasts through the bars as you had
done for the milk woman, thinking, "Would you become a lesbian?"




Corporate Type
Chapter 26

The way this woman sucked was having a definite effect on you. Not only did she
suck on your nipple, but she drew your whole areola in and held it while she
twirled her tongue around it. The effect she had on you was incredible, she knew
exactly what she was doing, and she was good at it!

Her hands couldn't help her at all but that didn't matter one single bit, she
was going to bring you to orgasm using only her mouth!

You wanted to push yourself back away from the bars but she had food and you'd
eventually have to give in anyway, so you knelt there and watched her feed
ravenously on your breasts.

Within only a few more minutes you began to heat up between your legs and felt a
warm rush of sweat all over as your body responded in it's own way. When the
heat became convulsions, you bucked your hips against the bars and experienced
the thro's of passion as only a woman can.

She moved back away from the bars and smiled at you. Then she spoke softly, "You
can repay me later."

You were about to pull your huge breasts back inside the bars but she said,
"Stop, leave them there until I feed the others, so I can see them hanging out
waiting for me!"

You blushed from head to toe in embarrassment, but it could have been a flush of
anger too! You stood thrusting your precious mammary glands out of the bars
while she turned her cart around and pulled it toward the others. She walked
backwards enabling her to keep both eyes on you! You rested your arms by
reaching out to either side and grasping the farthest bars.

When she had finished feeding the other two women, she came back and put her
tongue on one of your nipples lapping it up and down, and you sighed thinking
she was about to go another round with them when she bit down hard suddenly
bringing a screech from your throat. Before you could react, she bit the other
one, really hard also. Then she stood back and said, "Kneel back and lift them,
and beg to trade them for some food."

You felt cheated, but she held all the options and you sat back on your heels,
bringing a hand under each breast and lifted it up. "Please may I trade my
breasts for some food?" You asked in a pleading voice.

Apparently this was exactly the right way to react because she pulled the food
cart within reach and allowed you to eat a few bowls.

When you finished, she smiled and said, "You know how to thank me."

You knelt up and pushed your breasts thru the bars one more time and she leaned
over and licked each nipple until it became rigid. Then she pulled her cart away
and left.

When she was out of earshot the woman next to you said softly, "She's gonna do
that to you every meal, but I don't blame you one bit for putting up with her!"

You had time to rest on the sand for a while before someone else came down the
hallway.

This time it was a male guard with a stick, carrying shackles to place on your
ankles and wrists.

He shackled you first and then the others before opening the bars and commanding
you all to walk out. The others led and you followed, stopping to retrieve your
tools. Down the long dimly lit passways of rock, feeling the whip on your hips
now and then more for harassment than pain, until you had returned to the place
they had you working yesterday.

You had worked quite some time in the same place and neither the women nor the
guard said nothing the whole time.

When another guard came, they whispered and then called out your name.
"Caroline," he said.  "You have to follow me!"

The other women didn't stop scraping or shoveling but you did and walked over to
the guard and stood still. The guard looked you over, with a menacing frown on
his face. He stopped his gaze at your breasts for a very long time making you
feel very uncomfortable. Worse yet was the fact he cocked his head and twirled a
stick he carried, though it was much shorter than the other guards.

The guard didn't carry a whip but placed his stick on your thigh and
administered a highly powerful charge making you yell and nearly numbing your
leg.

He smiled and said, "Lets move along now," pointing down the passway.

You shuffled along wondering what was about to happen next. Walking while the
guard held his stick between your buttocks pushing you forward. At least he
didn't shock you with it.

The passway forked many times but he directed you exactly where he wanted. The
passways opened up into larger ones and then back into smaller ones but he kept
you on course easily.

Suddenly in front of you was a man sitting behind a desk. Beyond him you saw the
elevator! Your heart leaped for joy as you thought maybe I am leaving!				

The guard at the desk stood and walked around to you. He commanded you, "Lean
back against the desk and spread your knees widely apart!"

You complied readily as there was hope that you might be leaving this depressing
place!

The guard commanded you to look up at the ceiling, and not to move!

You heard them both doing with the desk drawers and then heard, "Keep very
still."

Then you felt something press up in your pussy and the lips moved aside as a
greased slick object was pushed up into you.

One guard in front of you spoke, "Look at me and keep eye contact."

You stared straight forward into his dark eyes while noticing his expressionless
face looking back at you. Then he said, "This is almost all the way inside, but
it will be there only a moment."

It stretched you wide open and you wondered how large an object it was. Still
you had to lean back against the hard edge of the desk while holding your knees
so very wide apart, though your feet had shackles. What a worthless feeling you
had as this thing entered your most intimate of places.

The guard below your view said, "It is recording your inner temperature." "Look
down and watch as it comes out from inside you."

You moved your head and saw the black end was only a few inches long. As the
stick came out slowly, you felt and saw his hand rotate and twist it around. It
shocked you to see almost ten inches of it had came out but there was still more
coming!

The guard finally had the last of it out and he showed the end of it to you. The
end was metallic and had a tiny clear plastic area in the center, with numbers.
"Note you are extremely hot inside."

The guard stood up and you saw him place the black stick on the desk. Then he
moved to the chair and after sitting he recorded things in a large ringed binder
and told the other guard to take you away.

When the elevator door opened the guard told you to step on and move to the
back. He made you push your face against the back wall, but that didn't bother
you because you were thrilled just knowing that you were leaving this awful
place!

The elevator door closed and the guard behind you moved close and when the
elevator began rising he began to feel you all over, groping and squeezing,
saying, "We are going to miss you here, maybe you'll have to come back again
sometime."

The trip up was slow and bumpy and this guard got his share of groping done as
you rode up.

When the elevator finally stopped the guard told you to step away from the wall
turn around and walk out.

After you had faced him, he told you to get down on your hands and knees and
crawl after him. As you crawled after him with great difficulty through the
sand, you felt degraded once more. He didn't even have to turn around knowing
that you could only go so fast with shackles on ankles and wrist's in the soft
earth. It was much cooler down in the mines and the intense heat you felt now
made you begin to sweat profusely. You followed him along and realized that you
must have come out a different way that when you went into the mine because it
didn't resemble your memories of less than a week ago. He rounded a corner in
the darkened rock hallway and when you finally caught up with him you saw a
surprise.

Standing there in front of you on a long wagon were five women, all kneeling on
hands and knees facing you. They had huge breasts that hung down between their
arms from their ribs. The guard stopped in front of them and spoke to another
guard who appeared to be with them. During this time you saw four women dressed
much like horses with leather straps and all standing in front of the wagon.
They too were large breasted, but wore much more ornaments on theirs than the
women on the cart. The women wore large leather helmets of some sort that had
feathers sticking up out of the top. They also had tails of long hair sticking
from between their muscular buttocks. Each one had a very tanned and toned body,
hands bound to a belt about their waists.




Corporate Type
Chapter 27

The guards finished their conversation and then one guard turned to the women
and spoke to them. In a sharp tone of authority he commanded, "Up, and display
those udders."

Simultaneously the women on the wagon moved off their hands and up to an upright
position on knees only, which showed how large those udders really were. The
guard escorting you reached into a bucket on the end of the wagon and withdrew a
cloth. You watched as he took the cloth and dropped it into another bucket
bringing it out dripping wet. He carefully wrung out the cloth and then wiped
off each woman's teat with it. When he finished he threw the cloth into a third
bucket on the wagon. You saw him step to one woman and leaning over place his
mouth on her large red  nipple, and begin to suck. The woman closed her eyes as
he sucked, and she was startled when his hand went between her legs and began to
massage her pussy. You heard her moan, but she didn't move. Moments later he
withdrew from that teat and switched to another, continuing to massage her
pussy. The guard went from one woman to another and did exactly the same thing
to each!

You knelt on your hands and knees watching this debacle but dared not move
yourself. When the guard had finished however he turned to you and said, "Your
turn!"

You were pulled to your feet and pushed up to the first teat and without
prodding put your mouth  over the nipple. The nipple was warm and rubbery, very
large even compared to the woman in the mine. You felt the fluid drain down your
throat. The guard moved you from one teat to another giving you enough time to
drink but not indulge.

When you had drank from the last teat you were forced to your knees and pushed
up to the edge of the wagon. This height put you right in front of one of their
pussy's.

The guard spoke again, "Make each one feel good now by licking them."

You wanted to vomit but didn't balk at putting your face in between those shaven
lips. Your tongue tasted a combination of urine sweat and dirt mix. What you
noticed as you licked the second woman and so on was that each had a very large
clit and what felt like a tiny brad earing stuck in it. Somehow you managed to
finish the task.

The guard pulled you away and pushed you down on the sand again and told you to
follow him.

You crawled along until you saw light and found that you were at the entrance to
the mine, however it was not the same place you had entered. The bright lights
hurt your eyes at first but you adjusted after a minutes or so.

There was another cart there. It had two women standing in front of it dressed
like horses.

Your caretaker was siting in the seat and when she saw you she jumped out and
came over to you.

"Stand and face me," she said. Holding a short riding crop in her hand.

The guard said, she has behaved poorly in the mines, "We recommend that she be
punished for her behavior!"

When the woman heard this she admonished you and had the guard remove all your
bonds and tied a rope to your pussy lip ring. Then she told you to place your
hands behind your neck and hold still.

"So you want to embarrass me by misbehavior eh?" She commented standing right up
in your face. Her breath so close you could smell chocolate.

She stood back and said, "Hold those breasts out so I can punish you correctly."

Your hands came under the swell of your full breasts and she flicked the nipples
with the tip of the whip. Your eyes filled with tears but they also looked
around as your mind filled with visions of escape. The area was unfamiliar but
now that you were outdoors you desperately wanted to run away, but the shackles
on your ankles and wrists would not enable you to do that!

The woman slapped your nipples and then all over your breasts until you wanted
to ball up and hide them but you knew better and took it all the same.

When she finished she had the guard take off your ankle shackles and tied a line
to your pussy ring, holding the end while she mounted the cart. She said, "Tsk,
Tsk, with her lips and the two women leaned into the straps on their bodies and
pulled the cart forward. You followed along only because your lips would be
jerked painfully if you didn't. The women pulling the cart walked fast but you
were not a fast walked yourself and almost had to jog to keep up. You followed
the cart along a road on your bare feet and stumbled frequently stepping on
stones and other things on the road. The pavement made your feet became sore
quickly but the woman paid you no heed. Finally after a long time in the hot sun
you went up a hill and saw in front of you the tiny town!

As the cart drew closer you noticed other carts with women in front of them
outside storefronts. There were also women crawling on all fours in the street
or sidewalk! The woman made her cart go quite a few blocks into town before you
she turned and there in the street was that large building that you had been
milked in before going to the mines! Your heart sank as she stopped the cart
directly in front of it!

Her attitude was cheery as she took your line and pulled you up the steps of the
building again.

She registered you at the checking table where the attendee helped fit you with
two large cones and strapped them to  your breasts, before telling you to go to
level two, spot fifteen. You felt a lump in your throat as you looked upward and
saw so many women much like you, kneeling with their buttocks to the walls and
breasts hanging down between their arms. They all wore breast cups and had
tubing with white milk being drained from them!

You climbed carefully up the ladder to the next level and then got on the ledge
crawling along until you reached the correct number spot. You remembered to take
the tubing and connect it to the cones, then when that was finished you realized
that you had to back yourself into the probe sticking out of the wall!
Humiliation overwhelmed you as you looked at all the other women who were
staring right at you! You turned your head and looked back to see the hideous
post that soon would be right inside, and backed yourself up to it until the
probe was pushing at your pussy lips. Your eyes darted downward at the woman who
had brought you and you saw her smiling up along with the attendee. Slowly you
moved your knees backward feeling the probe enter your female area! Your eyes
made a sweep of the building and every eye was watching as you backed up making
the probe disappear, and your buttocks made contact with the button on the wall.
As your flesh pushed against the button you felt suction draw on your nipples as
they were pulled from your breasts.

Kneeling like those other women was very embarrassing, and you blushed as the
whole group stared at you, but your felt an immediate warmth inside your pussy
as the sucking on those tender nipples combined with the probe vibration brought
out unwanted arousal. You noted that any adjustment in your position made the
tubing below you move.

As if just being there wasn't enough, the woman down on the floor shouted up at
you, ""You can loosen the strap, and remove it because the suction will hold the
cones on tight!" "Besides we should not want your breasts to be constricted when
milking."

Hearing this made you very beet red and you had to raise up on your knees to
reach behind you and unbuckle the strap. Then just as she had said the strap
came free but the cones stayed in place, drawing on your areola and nipples.
Your upward movement made the probe move inside you and that made you experience
almost immediate orgasm! You quickly dropped to your hands and tried holding
yourself steady as the muscle contractions overtook you.

"We have climax on number fifteen lever two!" The attendee shouted into a
microphone. Then an audience began clapping, and you realized it was only a tape
recording.

You got control of your facilities and closed your eyes not wanting to look at
anyone right now, but closing them only made the sucking feel more intense!

The woman must have left because when you did eventually look down and only the
attendee was sitting there.

During this humiliating time your nipples and areola were being suckled you knew
there would be no milk but that didn't matter, you were a slave prisoner of this
hostile city.

The other women were still looking at you with eyes resembling hypnotic stares.
In your level there was a woman across from you who had udders larger than
basketballs! She was not large herself and the udders swelled out wider than her
shoulders. Blond hair hung down along the sides of her face almost to her
elbows. She looked to be in her twenties and had very frail looking arms.

Not far down from her past another ladder was a woman who had to be at least
fifty years old. You could see wrinkles on her face that had more wrinkles and
her breasts hung down long and floppy. From your distance you could see dark
blue veins running like spider webs all over those breasts. She had graying hair
that was cut very short.

While looking at the other women you heard the attendee call out another orgasm
and couldn't stop yourself from turning your head and looking to see who on
level three had achieved one! Deep in your heart you felt sorry for this woman
but still you couldn't avoid looking. She was about forty and had fiery red
hair, short cropped. Her body was partially hidden from view but you could tell
she had muscular features by her shoulder definition. She shook her head wildly
as the thro's of climax played with her. The audience clapping topped off her
reaction!

It felt like your nipples had grown longer even though you doubt they had, but
the suction made you constantly aware of them and this in turn made you feel
unwanted arousal! You closed your eyes again forgetting that the sensation would
increase when you did this.

Then the post heated up and made you climax one more time! The attendee called
out your position for the benefit of all and then announced, "Number fifteen -
level two, come down now."

You pulled away from the button and the post stopped its movement, then as you
pulled farther off the cones dropped away from your breasts. You disconnected
the tubing and gathered the cones and strap, then with all eyes watching you
crawled to the ladder. While you descended you knew that your backside was
clearly visible to everyone.




Corporate Type
Chapter 28

When you reached the bottom of the ladder you walked slowly to the attendee who
took the items from you and then handed you a wet cloth, saying. "Make sure your
pussy is dried off!"

You took the rag and with the greatest indignity had to separate your knees and
make the motions to wipe yourself in front of this person. Then they told you to
stand in the window and wait for your owner.

The window was on the side of the building and looked more like a display window
setting.  It had plenty of room for you to stand in the sunlight to be seen by
anyone walking past. In fact within seconds some men and women passed, stopping
and looking at you before going on.

You could only stand with legs crossed, trying to hide yourself from prying
eyes. An arm covered your nipples but their size allowed much more flesh to be
seen beyond that. They made motions at you, giving stares and smiles which
reminded you of what people do to a caged animal in a zoo. After a short while
the attendee stuck their head in the area and said, "People say you are covering
your body parts, you are not allowed to do that and if they indicate you to
assume a pose, you had better do it!" You felt terrible as you dropped an arm
covering your nipples and pulled your hand away from your pussy as a man and
woman stood and watched you.

The man made brought his hands up and pretended to be lifting his chest, while
he smiled at you. He indicated that he wanted you to do the same, and that made
you cringe. You brought both hands up under your breasts and lifted the same as
he had. Your eyes met his and he makes squeezing movements with his fingers and
you reacted with disgust but squeezed your breasts as he wanted. Then his wife
waved her hand and your eyes went toward her. She made a curtsy motion with her
legs which meant widening her kneels and bending down with them widened. Of
course she wore pants and it didn't show anything but when you did the same it
opened up your pussy to their view! You lifted and squeezed your breasts and
held your knees open until they left and then you stood and dropped your hands.
It was only a matter of time before more people walked by and stopped, some of
them simple wanted to see you jog in place which made your breasts bounce or
bend and hang below you as you shook them.

You saw the woman walking on the other side of the street coming your way and
wondered what would happen to you next. She saw you and seemed concerned that
you were already through but when she walked to the building you were busy
displaying yourself for others. When the woman came in the windowed area, she
spoke to you. "I wish you could give milk because there are so many people who
say that is what those breasts are large enough for." "You will be exposed to
another way that prisoners are treated after spending another two nights in my
shoppe." She handed you a large dildo with a couple straps and said she wanted
you to insert it and strap it inside while she took you home.

While you held it in your hand you saw people walk across the street and come up
to the window to look at you and suddenly there were about a dozen faces inches
from the glass!

It made you feel very embarrassed to have to stand with feet widened and open
your pussy while these people watched with wide eyes. In order to insert it, you
had to spread your lips and slowly make it enter your dry pussy. Bending also
made your heavy breasts hang and shake as you twisted the probe. You were very
hot and blushed fully with this unusual manner of display. Part of the blush
effect made the necessary moisture fill your cave, so you were able to push
easier on this large black phallus-shaped thing.

When it had been pushed over half way you hesitated and the woman egged you on,
"You'll have to push it all the way inside because those straps don't fit unless
it is!"

The feeling of fullness it gave you was not one you wanted because it touched
parts of you that caused stimulation of other parts of you, mainly your nipples.
You noticed that they hardened up right away and your areola flushed with blood
making it deeper brown than previously. It was then you also noticed that the
color of your skin was much paler than you ever remembered. You kept pushing the
probe until it was only about an inch left, and you were not sure but it seemed
you felt it touching under your stomach.

The woman helped you place a strap around your waist, then she showed you
another velcro strap held in the dildo! When you had finished, she stood next to
you and displayed you for the audience. Her foot pushed your feet uncomfortably
wide apart, and said "Hold your hands behind your neck, and bow for them."

She watched you bow and said, "Go ahead and bow for them five times!"

You felt your heavy breasts swing out each time you did, knowing that everyone
could see them floppy free but worse yet was that they saw the tiny veins and
stretch marks showing your age!

You would have thought that these bows were enough but the woman instructed you
do to one more humiliating thing. She said, "Show them ten deep squats with your
knees pointing out to the sides and then we will go!"

People actually clapped their hands when you did that and it burnt redness all
over while you showed them your pussy lips separated with a large black post
sticking out!

You followed the woman back to the entrance of the building and checked out with
the attendee. When the woman opened the door of the building she had you step on
the porch but stop before going down the steps. She made your spread your feet
again and tied another long cord to your pussy ring. Then she pulled you down
the steps and along the street. Once more, the people you passed looked at you,
and some commented to the woman who then stopped you and made you publically
display yourself. More than once someone asked if they could suckle and she made
you stand while strangers' lips made your tender nipples hard and attentive.
Carrying the dildo inside and having someone suck on your teats really turned
you on as much as you hated to admit it.

The woman and you finally made it to her shoppe and when she brought you inside
she took you over to the counter and stood you right inside the door but went on
and spoke to the waitress.

When she returned the woman untied the cord from your pussy ring and spoke. "You
will serve our customers this afternoon." "However you will not be the waitress
you will provide entertainment to any and all customers." "If they ask you to do
something it is not a request but a command." "Now wear this."

She held out a cloth with strings on it and passed it to you. When you opened up
the cloth, you saw a very tiny apron, and a mini-bra with very large holes in
it! The woman showed you how to put the apron put on, you found it covered  more
of each thigh and left a space where your pussy was! Then she put the bra on you
and your entire areola was visible, along with more than fifty percent of your
breasts. Then to make matters worse she took a mini hat and showed it to you, it
read "No Milk Yet" and then pinned it to your hair.

She stepped away and said, "This is a test to see how you behave in a public
setting when asked to provide entertainment." "To be a milker or pleasure worker
instead of a laborer, you have to be strong mentally."

The woman turned and walked away leaving you stunned and embarrassed at being so
openly displayed in front of these customers again. It didn't take long before a
voice called over toward you, "Hey bitch, come over here and show me your
breasts." A customer shouted.

You turned around and walked toward the gentleman seated at the counter on a
high stool. Next to him on one side was a lady and the other side was a man
dressed like himself. They wore sport shirts, baggy shorts, and sandals. You
timidly stepped over to him and stood between him and the other man. When you
arrived, he looked your body up and down as if he were pricing goods.

Then he spoke. "You were put into prison eh?" "What did you do, steal
something?"

You hesitated and responded only when you could control your voice, calmly
saying, "I was framed at the airport by someone planting drugs on my
belongings."

The man seemed interested in this, raised his eyebrows and asked, "So what was
your occupation before getting sent to prison?"

You replied slowly, "I was Vice President of a Company."

He laughed loudly and in a drunken voice said, "Ok Miss Vice President, show me
how high you can flop them titties of yours!"

The reaction you felt was humiliating as you knew he wanted to see your heavy
breasts bounce up and down and there was no way to avoid it.

You stepped up on your heels and then shook your chest up and down as much as
possible making your breasts flop up and down as ordered.

His hands reached out and grabbed the tip of your nipples and pinched cruelly
without saying for you to stop. The up and down motion made your loose breasts
bounce easily and soon one was going up and the other was traveling down. This
opposite motion made you nearly fall off balance.

Before long, your breathing became labored and you wanted to stop but he never
took his concentration off watching your huge breast's jump up and down. His
steady pinch on the end of your nipples however made you aware that he was in
total control.

Finally he said "Stop!" Loudly and you were grateful for this as your body was
beginning to sweat! He let go of those sore nipples and pushed a palm on each
breast testing. When he had pulled his hands away, he said, "Your body is hot so
we had better cool it off right?"

Then without giving time for your response he scooped two cubes from his water
glass and held one in each hand. He flipped his hands over and pushed the cube
directly on your breast massaging it into your areola and nipple.

It was so cold that it burned and your nipples responded without asking - they
became rigid and attentive.

His hand continued its massage until the ice had melted and water ran way down
you body to the floor.

Then he turned to the gentleman and said, "She's yours, make the former Vice
President do something special."




Corporate Type
Chapter 29

The gentleman looked over at you and said, "Did he make your nipples cold?" When
he said, that he stared right into your eyes with a penetrating glare.

Your eyes locked to his and you wanted to shout out right away, that yes, your
nipples were very cold but instead you  contemplated what would happen if you
said they were cold. As you met his steady glare you tried to see within them
for some hidden meaning but they were just dark and cold.

Evidently he wanted to have an answer to his question sooner than you intended
and he reached out and took a nipple in each hand and jerked hard. "When you are
asked a question, you give a response don't you?"

His jerk moved you forward and closer to him which startled you. As you felt the
pain from your tender nubbins you blurted out, "Yes Sir they are terribly cold."

His response was so rapid it must have been prepared, "You will go to every
person in the shoppe and ask them to place their warm mouth on your nipple for
ten seconds, ask them to rub it with their tongue!"

As you turned and started to walk away he grabbing you by your arm and said, "I
think it is better if you put your hands behind your neck, and keep your elbow's
high and wide."

When he released your arm, you went quickly to a nearby table and stood politely
interrupting their conversation and asked, "Will you please put your mouth on my
nipples and rub them with your tongue?"

The shame you felt as you stood there in that apron, pubic area and breasts
wantonly displayed was overwhelming, and you wanted to cry. Tears formed in your
eyes as the woman nearest to you said, "Lean over and allow me to be first."

You had to bend over which only made those heavy breasts hang free from your
body. The mouth was warm on your areola and you felt her began to flick your
nipple. The response was incredible - you felt the nipple harden right up and
knew it grew longer. Heat traveled from your breast to your face and then down
between your legs. The woman never used her hands but her lips held onto your
breast as it hung heavily in front of her. She gave the ten-second flicker to
one and then to the other breast. When she was finished, she handed you a napkin
and said, "Wipe yourself off."

You moved one hand from behind your neck and though terribly embarrassed at
allowing this to happen in full view of others, did as directed. The man on your
other side spoke up and said, "I'm next!"

You replaced your hand behind your head and turned to face him, he was balding
with black hair on the sides of his head and wore tiny round glasses. As you
bent over to hold your breasts in front of him, he removed his glasses and after
placing them on the table he put his hands around one of your breasts and
squeezed. Your flesh distended and the nipple jutted out to him. His mouth
covered your areola and you felt his tongue wipe slowly across the nipple back
and forth, or up and down until ten seconds was up. When he pulled away and
adjusted himself to your other breast, the first nipple suddenly felt cold and
hard because it was still moist with his saliva. He did the same to your second
breast and your body responded a second time by sending blood all over in a
blush and similar sensual signals to your pubic region. You felt sure that there
would be wetness leaking from between your legs before long.

The man finished very quickly and handed you a napkin from the table so that you
could wipe your wet nipples off, and just when you were ready to move around him
to the other man he grabbed your hip and spanked your buttock. As he let you go,
you turned red from the embarrassment of the loud slap which drew everyone's
attention.

You hurried around to the next man at this table and stood before him exposing
your breasts. He leaned forward and used only his mouth to attend to you, but he
made incredibly loud guttural moaning sounds as his tongue flicked your large
nipple. Just the sound made you feel very conspicuous and when he had finished
both nipples you didn't want to go to another table, but he slapped you on the
buttock and that made you jerk forward unexpectedly.

That move made you jump forward and you almost ran into another couple dining.
One man and one woman, a considerably older couple. The woman had white hair and
when you looked at her you saw her smile. Before she moved her mouth toward your
hanging breasts she reached out with her hand and began playing with your
pussy-lips. Her long nails scratched your lips before opening them up and
inserting a finger into your wetness. She seemed pleased, withdrew her finger,
and then leaned over mouthing your red nipple. After finishing, and while you
were you were drying your nipple off she spoke, "Turn around, bend over and
touch your toes."

You were frightened and wanted badly to stuff your fist in her throat but didn't
do it, instead bent over and complied with her order. She played with your thick
pussy lips from the back, opening and closing them like butterfly wings. Her
nail pressed directly on your clit causing you to grunt at its sudden
stimulation. She scratched that clit for a long time before urging you to the
older man.

When you presented yourself to him he put his hands on your thighs and pushed
then apart until you had moved your feet exceptionally far also. Then you saw
him reach to his plate and take a long thick sausage on a fork. He slowly
brought the fork over and you saw his hand disappear below your breasts. Then
you felt the sausage push against your lips and its length inserted into you.
You wanted to bend over and see but knew by the feel that it had gone completely 
inside, the man's eyes grew glassy and he bent over to get a better look. His
hand returned the fork to the plate and he moved his mouth right to your teat.
Instead of flicking your nipple he bit down on it and pulled it out. That hurt
and your painful groans seemed to make him all the more happy. He continued to
stretch your nipple from your breast until it was unnaturally long. Then he let
it go and you felt it bounce back to its original shape. He repeated the same to
your other nipple and then said, "Don't lose the sausage, I will want to eat it
later."

You loathed his comment and smirks from other patrons made sure that your blush
was met with approval.

The next table had all women, well actually very young women, probably just more
than twenty. They each took their turn playing with your nipple and then
dismissed you. They also performed a heavy duty caress while holding your
breast. On and on you traveled going to each table in turn and displaying
yourself.

You go to the last table and there sat the judge and two of the jurors who had
convicted you. They too took their turn and made you lean obscenely over so that
they could mouth you without using their hands. The judge made a comment, "You
have very thick pussy lips and large nipples, it would really be a shame to have
to put you in the fields or mines as a laborer." "You have considered requesting
to be made into a milker or pleasure prisoner?" He laughed and slapped his leg
when he said that and then said, "You were a Corporate executive in your
previous life so you should know what pleasure is eh?" One of the jurors
commented, "I don't think she would be able to make herself into a pleasure
prisoner because she would have to use too much makeup to cover all those
wrinkles." "Also, I bet she doesn't even know how to pleasure anyone!" Though
his comments were about making you into a basic whore they made you feel bad
because everyone was watching and these comments would make any normal woman
want to hide.

You only had three more people the counter to ask, and they were seated on tall
stools.

When you went to the counter, one of the men there said, "Hold your arms out in
the shape of a cross."

When you complied with this order he took a straw from his drink and touched one
end of it to the skin under your chin, then stroked downward very slowly. When
his straw touched your skin, you felt every nerve awaken and tiny sensation
bumps began to appear on your flesh. His eyes were following the straw and you
didn't want to look down at where it was moving. You felt it travel between your
breasts and then slide it across one breast until it touched your tender nipple.
After feeling it circle your nipple, which began to harden up again, you looked
down to see. His lips were pursed over the end of the straw and he sucked in
hard. You could feel the tiny bit of suction on your skin as part of your nipple
was drawn into the straw.

The man stopped sucking and moved the straw to another place still on your
nipple and sucked again. Once more as he sucked the area felt as if a tiny pin
pricked you right there. The man placed the straw many more places on your
breast including your areola and performed the same actions. Your breast felt as
alive as ever and you wanted to scream from the incredibly erotic sensations,
but he stopped and instantly the sensation went away. He moved to your other
breast and did the same taking his time while you arms grew weary as they were
held out straight from your sides.

Finally the man stopped and put his mouth on your nipple and sucked. You felt
him pull your breast out and watched as the skin changed shape from his pulling
on your nipple. He finished, then very nonchalantly turned back to the counter
saying, "You may wipe yourself." Again you took a paper napkin and dried both
nipples off.

The next person was female and she stood up when you approached her and she
said, "Get your ass up on the counter!" You obediently climbed on her stool and
then boosted yourself up on the counter hanging your lower legs over the edge.
The woman pushed on your knees until your legs were wide apart. She ordered
loudly, "Lean back and place your hands on the other edge of the counter." You
complied and in doing so exposed your pelvic area completely. Your tiny apron
didn't cover any portion of your female part instead created sort of a frame and
made them stand out more so. The woman put her hands between your legs and began
to fondle you. You didn't want to look but something inside you made it happen
and you saw her hands push apart your outer lips and play with the red wet lips
inside.  She searched intently for your clitoris and when she found it she
pinched making you gasp aloud. Then she reached out and took a straw from the
counter and leaned forward placing the straw between your lips and you jumped
when it touched your clit. She put her lips on the end of the straw and sucked,
you felt your clit respond instantly. It was sucked into the straw and the woman
backed her head pulling it out until it was farther than your lips. She kept the
suction and tried moving the straw around making your clitoris follow it. You
felt yourself become extremely wet and flushed in your thighs. I seemed that you
would orgasm very quickly if she kept this up long.

The woman continued to move your clit up and around easily since it was sucked
into this straw. Then just before you were able to orgasm, the woman pulled her
mouth off the straw and your clit fell free. You knew that if she was observant
she could see the wetness between your lips. She stepped back and said, "Did
that feel good?"

You said, "Yes it did."

Then she said, "Get down off the counter and give that man his sausage!"

This brought another blush everywhere on your body and you saw everyone's eyes
look right at you! Your eyes looked over to the old man and he was staring back
at you with a toothy grin!

When you hesitated, the woman pulled cruelly on your nipple and made you jump
off the counter on your bare feet.




Corporate Type
Chapter 30

You slid off the counter and walked over to the old man, stopping before him
with arms held wide and hands clasped behind your head as if asking for someone
to notice your breasts. He was not interested in those breasts though. "Place
one of your feet on the chair seat to your left." He said.

As you struggled to balance and while lifting one leg you realized that the
position widened the space showing your pussy lips. Your pussy was exposed and
clearly accessible to him now.

He shuffled his chair over and leaned closer making you feel very uncomfortable.
When he placed his skinny fingers on your lips and pulled them apart your eyes
watered in shame. One of those scrawny fingers penetrated you, feeling around
for the sausage. Warm rush came over you as you knew that your pussy flowed with
female secretions that should have made his probing easier.

It seemed that he was having difficulty finding the thing because he kept
feeling and digging deeper, acting frustrated? Then he said, "I am going to have
to use a table knife to locate it, perhaps it went in too deep!"

That comment alarmed you, until you saw his hand turn the long thick table knife
handle so that it would penetrate you first. Then he inserted it at the same
time wiggling it around. Your watery eyes met the cold eyes of his wife, but she
didn't seem interested in your precarious dilemma.

Suddenly the man exclaimed, "Ah, ha, I have it now - the thing is so slippery."

You looked down and felt so used when his fingers withdrew the morsel, and then
holding it in his hand he looked at its slick coating. However your stomach
rolled when he lifted it up and said, "Suck it clean!" He held it to your mouth
and expected you to open for it.

However you almost vomited when he did that and spoke carefully, "Please Sir, I
don't think I can do that."

The old man reached out and pinched one of your pussy lips viciously, saying,
"You have no option." "Do it!"

As you whimpered from the pain, he generated you looked around for some support
but turned back to him when you felt the slimy piece of meat touch your lips.

He gave a forceful push and your teeth felt it, causing you to open your mouth
and allow him to push it inside.

You choked in tears as you tasted yourself on that sausage begrudgingly wrapping
your tongue around it, then sucking with closed lips. You couldn't describe the
taste but it wasn't anything you would want to describe anyway. The old man
pulled the sausage out of your mouth and took a bit from it, saying, "It sure is
warm!"

You heard some commotion at the door and you saw a woman enter, who like you was
clearly naked. She wore only a small belt around her waist, and a collar around
her thin neck. The woman was being led by a man. The man reached out
disconnected his leash from her collar, and stood back. Two clothed waitresses'
came from the kitchen rolling a large piece of furniture amongst the tables. It
resembled a waist-high wine barrel, a large circular hole cut in the top.

The woman was led to the large barrel. After climbing into the barrel, her hands
were handcuffed to her collar behind her head. The woman's long hair was bound
up behind her head. Then one of them took a washcloth and began to wash the
woman's huge breasts. The woman had a thin frame causing the size of her mammary
glands to appear even larger. When the woman had finished washing her breasts,
both women left. Alost immediately a couple people stood and walked over to the
woman in the barrel with glasses in their hands.

They each stood near a breast and began to express milk from the woman into
their glasses. You looked on in amazement as their glasses began to get full and
couldn't help but wonder how she felt having to stand like that with  strangers
her milking her in front of other people. You were even more shocked when the
people finished and the woman cheerfully said, "Thank you so much, please come
back again!" Then she stood still again. More people stood and walked up to her
with glasses and did the same.

Your watching was interrupted when someone near you demanded you bring some
coffee. After finding a coffee pot and pouring him some, the gentleman didn't
take the cup, but said, "Go get a couple squirts of her milk in my cup!"

You just about dropped as his command sank in. However you walked and stood as
the next person in line and waited your turn. The woman's eyes were glassy and
bright and she seemed delighted to have herself milked. You saw the hands of the
person milking her grasping her nipple and pulling it out, while squeezing and
then multiple streams of milk splashed into their glass. Both her breasts were
giving milk at the same time and the woman was looking down with interest
herself.

When it was your turn, you carefully took her nipple and held it between your
finger and thumb pointing it toward the coffee cup. The woman seemed willing to
assist you by leaning forward so her breast had a more natural hang, nearly
dipping into the cup. She was patient with you as you fuddled at first trying to
pull and squeeze yet not getting any results. The woman spoke in a cheery voice,
"Ms, if you grasp farther up on my areola, and then squeeze as you slide your
finger and thumb down to the nipple you'll get more milk." You were embarrassed
to have her speak to you and blushed, but you took her advice milked her that
way. While milk flowed freely from her red nipple she moaned quietly. Your
finger and thumb repeated the motion four more times and after you released the
nipple, the woman spoke loudly, "Thank you so much, please come back again!" In
her eyes you saw her sincereness.

You hurried back to the man with his coffee and placed it on the counter in
front of him. Before you could step away, his hand grasped your breast from
underneath and held you. You looked at his face and he was smiling as he
squeezed and squeezed your heavy breast. As your eyes remain locked, you felt
his hand move and he grasped your nipple, using the same actions you had on the
woman, he was milking you! Your pussy became hot and your nipple grew sizeably.
His manipulations didn't stop, instead he placed his coffee on the counter and
he used both hands. Now both your nipples were long and excited. "Are you
thirsty?" He asked while keeping his eyes locked to yours.

You felt very thirsty but also turned on, and replied softly, "Yes, Sir."

His hands left your breasts and when they did you felt empty.

He said, "Go to the woman and drink from her right breast!" His words were loud
enough for everyone to hear and you noticed heads turn to look at you. It was
humiliating to have to walk back to that woman and perform his command but you
had to do it.

When you stood before her she smiled at you and said softly, "Enjoy yourself,
this is my job, drink until you are satisfied!"

Her huge breast hung low and you had to both bend over a little and use your
hands to lift her huge breast closer. Her brown areola was about five inches in
diameter and the red nipple long and hard. You placed your mouth over it and
drew in gently. The amount of milk that flowed into your mouth was incredible
and it was warm. The second draw produced as much as the first, and it slid down
your throat. While you drew in, the woman moaned softly and you saw hands appear
next to you grasping her other nipple. When you quenched your thirst, you stood
upright letting her breast go as you looked at the person milking her other
breast.

It was the older woman and she said, "I believe he said drink, so until she is
empty, drink!" She had a frown on her face and you quickly looked over to the
man at the counter but he was preoccupied so you had to decide. Should you
listen to her or stop and walk away?

You took one step backward and the woman's tiny hand grabbed your breast and
squeezed hard, "I said drink!"

That was enough to let you know that you were going to have to do it. So you
positioned yourself once more in front of her right breast and lifted it placing
your mouth over the nipple. Another draw, and another, filled your mouth with
warm substance. The woman you were nursing from sighed, and the old woman
continued to fill her glass.

The old woman had filled her glass and set it on the top of the barrel. You saw
her and then felt as her hands grasped your hanging breasts. "Such a pity these
don't give milk yet isn't it?" "Perhaps you could learn from this woman how much
better off you will be if you sign up to become a milking woman."

Hearing that made you mad yet afraid at the same time. Seems everyone wanted you
to become a milk maid. As you drank you thought. It was something you just could
imagine, having your breast's fill up and grow so large they become heavy
flopping around while people nursed and squeezed whenever they wanted to. No,
that was not for you.

You drank and drank, as more people came to her left breast and filled their
glasses, a great number of them also spoke to you about becoming a milk maid.
Soon you became full and your tummy being bent was getting harder. If this woman
kept giving milk you would burst, or so you thought.

On and on time passed and after a long time you couldn't drink anymore, and
stood taking your mouth off the breast and looked to the person next to you.
"Sir, may I please go to the bathroom?" You asked timidly and quietly. The
gentleman frowned and looked down between your legs before saying, "You have to
be escorted."

As soon as he said that one of the clothed women came over and connected a thin
cord to your pussy ring, and said "Place your hands behind your neck, elbows
out!" Then she pulled you along toward a bathroom.

People looked at you as you walked, keeping your knee's wide and feet
unnaturally apart.

In the bathroom the woman told you to stand with your breasts against the wall.
You could hear her doing something in a cabinet over the sink but didn't look.
The woman stood behind you and said, "Turn around and spread your legs widely,
and squat!" She held something in her hand.

Keeping your hands on your neck you widened your knees first and then wiggled
your feet making your stance as wide as possible. You now squatted leaning
against the wall. Your eyes were watching the things in the hands of the woman.

The woman spoke again, "I am going to insert a catheter inside you." "It should
slide in easily unless you bear down and try to pee." "When the catheter is in,
we inflate a tiny bulb so the catheter doesn't slip out, don't move til I say
so!"

You felt utterly humiliated at having to display yourself like this and have
someone perform this unhuman act while you squatted in the bathroom! After
separating your pussy lips, fingers explored between them until you felt the
tube going inside. It felt huge but you saw it was actually thin. The woman
pushed upward and you felt a burn as it rubbed up into your bladder. She stopped
pushing, took some white tape and taped a large long plastic bag to your thigh
just above your knee. When the woman finished taping, she stood up and grasped
you by the arm and walked you into the cubicle. She positioned you between the
wall and the commode instead of allowing you to sit. Then as she held the end of
the tube she took a tiny clamp off much higher up on the tube. Your bodily fluid
flowed out of you and thru the tube hitting the water in the commode and
splashing loudly. She only let a little fluid out before clamping the tube
again.

Then she walked you out of the lady's room and pushed you into the mens room.
The men turned when they saw you!




Corporate Type Chapter 31

There were two men inside one at the urinal and the other at a sink. When you
were thrust into the room, it shocked and embarrassed you to have to see them,
and they see you. The one at the sink came over and took one of your arms.

"You have been sent here to clean?" He asked.

You stammered, "I don't think so."

He put his hands on one of your breasts and began feeling it. Your nipples
betrayed you as they instantly grew hard. While he played, the other man
finished and went to wash his hands. After washing he stepped over and began
playing with one breast and nipple too. Both men talked about your breasts like
they might purchase them and then suggest what a great size difference they
would make if they were made to produce milk.

One of the men spoke to you. "What are you being held for?"

You replied, "Someone planted drugs and I was arrested, they were not mine."

The man looked at the other gentleman and smiled, "Funny they all seem to say
that, but we know you were given a trial and convicted properly right?" "Have
they offered you a chance to become a milk maid instead of a laborer?" "With
breasts like these it would be a shame to waste you as a laborer." "Have you
ever been pregnant?"

You didn't want to reply but the other man began pulling your nipple out very
far and then squeezed the base of your breast making it bulge out. He gave a
little time and then said, "Answer the question."

Your eyes watered, half from the pain but half from embarrassment and
humiliation at being handled in such a impersonal way. You glanced from one man
to the other and looked into their eyes. At the risk of being in greater trouble
you remarked, "I have money back in the states, if you help me escape I will
give you lots of that."

Both men stopped and withdrew their hands and looked at you, and it made you
very uncomfortable to have the silence that followed.

Then one man spoke, "Money eh?" "How do you propose to get it to us?"

The other man spoke up and said, "What did you do in the states?"

Sensing they might help, you babbled on without thinking."My position was the
Vice President of the corporation, and I was there for more than three years."
"I have a secretary and if you will contact her, she can verify how much money I
am worth and will also tell you how to get it." "Please get me out of this awful
place."

One gentleman began to speak and just as he started you got a terrible cramp in
your side and buckled over. Both men helped you up, dragging you over to the
urinal and one stood behind you while the other ripped the tape off your leg and
opened the clamp on your tubing. Urine shoots out and hit the back wall of the
urinal.

Being held up as they drained, your bladder was disgusting but they might be
able to help you so you allowed them to touch you anywhere they wanted.

When your cramp subsided, you spoke to them again, "If you agree to help me out
of here I will do whatever you ask, OK?" Your eyes pleaded with them.

One man said, "Listen, the smartest thing you can do is to ask to be made into a
milking woman so that we can pay to make you into a trained milker." "Whenever a
woman wants that they are auctioned off and the highest bidder gets them and has
the responsibility and privilege of that job." "Tomorrow you ask to be made into
a female cow and they will give you papers to sign." "Once you have signed them,
they can legally auction you off and both of us will bid on you and when we get
possession of you we will help you out!"

Your heart leapt for joy as you felt they were very sincere.

The man behind you spoke as he pulled you back from the urinal, "We have to make
this look very real so no mistakes now ok?" "Since we are going to help you out
you will be able to help us out too, I could use a bj."

Hearing that made your stomach turn but a chance to get out of this country was
a chance you were willing to take and spoke to them. "I will kneel and give you
both a blow job if you promise to help me ok?"

They agreed and both dropped their trousers.

You looked at their members drooping down and moved forward on your knees on the
bathroom floor. The man to your right was already in the process of getting hard
and you took it in your hand and pushed your mouth over it, telling yourself
that if it bought your freedom you'd gladly do this many more times.

His member hardened before you had swallowed half of it and you did the best you
could to bring him satisfaction. When he had delivered his seed and you
swallowed you turned your head to his partner and did the same.

After finishing each off you stood and asked, "What now?"

One of the men said, "You go back out there and just forget us until we bid on
you." Remember, wait until tomorrow to ask the owner of the bakery if she'll
pass on that you desire to be a milk maid."

Then the men led you out of the bathroom and down the hall into the bakery
again.



There were still many people in the bakery eating at tables and the woman whose
breasts were milking still stood in her place with two people drinking from her
huge udders. You stopped and watched as she calmly stood and allowed them to do
this. Part of you shuddered at the thought of having to have that done to you
and the other thought how erotic it must have felt to have mouths on your
nipples. Then you heard your name called out.

It was a gentleman at the counter who wanted you. When you arrived there, he
said he wanted some milk in his coffee and as previously you carried the cup
over to the milkmaid and stood in line.

When it was your turn again, you held the cup under her breast and squeezed the
areola and nipple as you pulled out and down. Milk sprayed out and into the cup.

The woman spoke, "See, you have the technique right now."

You blushed and turned quickly to carry the cup back to the counter. When the
man took it from you, he also put a hand out, cupping it under the closest
breast. As he jiggled it he said, "fine bags there woman, come closer and let me
taste that."

You turned another shade of red and looked around as you knew others heard him
and were watching you again.

His head bent forward and you helplessly moved yourself toward him thrusting
your chest up and out. Then his mouth covered your teat and sucked in - and
within a millisecond he bit down hard! You screamed and tried to pull back but
he held tight! The pain was intense and you gritted your teeth, as the fire of
his bite traveled throughout your breast. Then suddenly he let go and pushed you
away. You almost fell but caught yourself and backed up moving your hands up to
your breasts protecting and comforting them.

A woman sitting at a table nearby spoke up, "Come over here!"

You turned rapidly toward her and looked at her eyes while still covering your
breasts and injured nipple with your hands. The woman appeared to offer a
comforting facial expression so you moved over toward her and stood.

She spoke again, "Stand with your hands behind your back, thrust out your
breasts, while spreading your legs widely!" Her tone was firm and you felt
betrayed as you slowly showed her your assets.

Your eyes continued to observe her as she put a hand up onto each breast,
cupping and squeezing them. She seemed to weight them and then brought her hands
down to your pussy and spread your lips widely. You stood utterly humiliated as
she showed your catheter tubing to everyone at the table and made comments about
it. Lastly the woman told you to kneel. When you had done so she pushed you
under the table and pulled you between her legs and the seat of the chair, and
said, "Push my dress up and pleasure me!"

You blushed and wanted to cry, but had to do as she said. When her dress was
lifted up above her knees you saw that she wore no underwear and her pussy was
right before you. She slid forward to the edge of the chair and widened her
legs. You had little choice but to move your mouth closer while smelling her
intimacies.

Your tongue came out gingerly and touched her hair before pushing to her skin.
The taste was bitter at first but after a few laps you managed to push apart her
lips and commence teasing her. You decided to take your time and moved your
tongue slowly between her lips up and down, before pushing deeper. The woman
obviously became aroused because she began to ooze fluid that had a thick odor
and consistency, yet she didn't rush you at all. Your tongue probed deeper and
found the source of wetness but you didn't want to make this woman too excited
as this act saved you from possible torment by others in the bakery.

The woman eventually came but it was a slow drawn out climax and she even pulled
you up afterward and wiped off your mouth.

You saw the owner of the store come over and she took you by the arm and spoke
to everyone, "I have to use her to wash dishes again." With that she took you
toward the stairs.

"There are lots of pans to wash down here and after closing there will be more
so you'd better get busy and finish as many as you can right away!" The woman
ordered as you stepped down stairs before her.

The room was darkened as you remembered but in the ceiling above the sink was a
bright light as before. There in the light stood another naked female form with
her body bent over and she was washing vigorously.

As you walked nearer you recognized her totally naked body as the young waitress
you had tried to talk into helping you escape.

The owner seeing your surprise, spoke up. "Here is Martha.  I am sure you
remember her." "She was one of my employees until she tried to contact someone
in the states about your confinement." "She committed two very serious crimes
which have resulted in her confinement and servitude for a number of years!" "I
believe you have had more experience washing pans than she has, and since she
has been here all day the rest may do her much good. " "Tonight both of you will
get little sleep so take over for her and allow her some rest!"




Corporate Type Chapter 32

When the woman left, you stood shocked and observed the girl. As her eyes met
yours she began crying and the strained look on her face made it very obvious
that she had suffered some cruelty in recent days.

Then as you stepped near, she spoke to you. "Look what has happened to me."

She held out her arms and you saw her breasts had large rings through long
nipples. Each breast was encircled with a network of spaced chains which held
them tight against her body. Two additional chains traveled up over each soft 
shoulder still another behind her back. It resembled a chain mail bra. Then she
stepped back and you saw something worse, between her legs. Hanging there below
her pussy was a large shiny black ball! It dangled about six inches from her
lips on a shiny chrome colored chain and ring that appeared to go through both
lips. Your eyes glanced up at hers and your gazes met for a second before both
of you looked down again.

You hear her say, "After you were taken to the mines my boyfriend tried to make
a call to the states to speak with 

your friend in the states." "When the police came to him, he turned me in I was
taken to jail." "The trial was very speedy and I was found guilty of attempting
to aid in your escape." "They sentenced me to one year and I was taken away the
very same time." "They say the bra is so that my breasts will not suffer any
sag, and my nipples were pierced for the rings." "I am made to wear nipple
stretchers every night all night long to enlarge them." "Then you see the lip
stretcher is soldered to the chain and will not be removed until my sentence is
complete." "My boyfriend was also found guilty and the owner here said she has
seen him in the Ladies Spa." "I never thought it would get me into this much
trouble to help you."

It hurt you to see her in such agony but there was little you could do for her
and it made you choke your words. "I am so sorry I never knew they would do such
a thing!" You said trying to sound sorrily. 

"Whatever I do to help you, I will." "But I will not stop trying to escape this
place because I can't see spending my whole sentence here." You added.

Martha stepped back and said, "You need to help me do these pans because we
don't get to sleep until they are washed and they will be bringing more down
after closing up."

She slowly stepped away from the sink keeping her knees wide apart so that she
didn't bump the ball hanging from her stretched lips.

You moved up to the sink but not before saying, "Why don't you support the ball
with your hands and take the strain off your lips?"

She stopped moving and spoke, "You don't understand, but this ball had a
computer device inside it that senses warmth and if even my thighs touch it the
chip will send a signal to the monitors who will come and torment me." "One day
I picked it up and they came and used electroshock on my clitoris until I passed
out!" "They showed me this box and when my thigh touched the ball the alarm went
off instantly so I dare not touch it with anything at all."

She continued her slow walk away to the bedroom, and you turned with disbelief
toward the sink.

While your hands were immersed in soapy water you thought about your decision to
ask to be made yourself into a milker as those men suggested. At least it would
get you under their care and you definitely knew how to manipulate men better
than women. So with wet arms and wrinkled hands you played your odds that these
men could help you escape and how long it would take for them to do so. You had
nearly washed all the pans by the time the owner came down the steps.

"There are more pans in the dumbwaiter for you," she said with a stern face.

You were not sure whether to go to the dumbwaiter or stay and finish the pans
but chose the later. Your hands moving the scrubber pad quickly on the long
metal surfaces. Your tummy felt very tense as you bent over and you wondered if
your bladder was about to burst but decided to keep quiet about it. Instead you
chose to insinuate a subtle yet tactful comment. "I have been thinking about the
duties of a milk maid, and wonder if is still an option?" Your eyes never moved
from a blank stare into the soapy water.

For perhaps a full heart wrenching minute there was not a sound except for the
splashing of water.

"You have been thinking about the duty of a milk maid and why is that?" The
woman retorted. "Perhaps you are saying that for personal reasons but not to
benefit the community?"

You quickly realized she was quizzing your motive and came up with a very good
reason, "I have large breasts to begin with, and I believe that the amount of
milk I can produce will be sufficient to please everyone." "Honestly there is a
selfish reason - I have been told that milk maids do get better nourishment and
health care." "I have such a long sentence that I am worried about my health."
Your mind and voice worked so fast that even you were stunned at how perfectly
this phrase came out.

The woman moved next to you, leaned back on the edge of the sink and said, "Your
breasts will get much larger and be the attraction of many people, your nipples
will get longer and more sensitive." "Imagine how heavy they will feel when you
have to stand upright or bend over, they might weigh so much, your back will be
sore." "You can expect to have them filled and as discipline they might not be
milked for hours or even a few days." "However one good thing is that you will
be sexually stimulated almost always so that your hormones keep producing milk
in good quantity." "You certainly want enjoy constant arousal don't you?"

The manner in which she said those things made you feel like she was teasing you
but you didn't look at her and managed to maintain a straight hypnotized face
throughout it all. You didn't respond but waited to see if she would continue.

You felt a smack on your bare buttock which startled and stung you, then she
spoke again. "I expected to hear a response from you as that was a question."
Then she moved behind you and put both hands roughly between your mid-thigh and
pushed outward making your step your feet apart. Her hands pushed hard until you
were uncomfortably spread and you didn't want to imagine what she was going to
do.

"No, Miss, I don't want to be aroused all the time, it embarrassed me when that
happened before." You calculated this to be a good answer as it might make her
think you really did not want to have that happen when deep inside you liked
that better than painful treatment.

You felt her hands move up your thighs and begin playing with your pussy lips
from behind, and you wanted to move your feet but instead moved your hips
forward against the sink wall trying to get away from her touch.

Evidently this was what she wanted, because as you leaned forward she grasped a
pussy lip with finger and thumb and held on tightly. The tension stopped you
from moving your self forward and now you stopped moving completely wondering
what it was she would do next. However it wasn't but a few seconds before her
finger probed deeply between those lips.

"My, you certainly are moist inside, could this be your mind says no, but your
body craves the touch after all?" She remarked in such a taunting voice.

You listened and felt shame inside as a blush crept up your chest and face from
her intrusion, still you tried to continue washing and ignore the penetration of
that finger. Your nipples responded and without having to adjust your head tilt
it was possible for you to inspect them and see them hardening.

The woman kept her relentless probing and then her other hand moved up above
your pussy and you felt a palm caress your tummy. The woman remarked, "Your
bladder must be full as your tummy is very tight?" "Perhaps we should take you
to the bathroom and release your fluids?"

"Oh please, that would be better than having to feel so full inside!" You said
with emphasis on the word please.

"I think that you should display an orgasm first, so turn around and lean back
against the sink," said the woman.

You stopped washing a pan and slowly began to turn around seeing the blond hair
if the woman crouched even with your waist. As you looked down you saw red and
hard nipples sticking out from your large breasts and as they filled out over
your ribs you wondered how large they could get. Then you realized that if all
went as hoped, you'd not be a milker but a free woman and back in the states
before long! When the woman touched your pussy again, you were brought back to
reality.

"Spread your feet much wider," she told you while her fingers played with your
swollen lips again.

When you moved your legs apart, you felt another rush of blood swell all over as
this exposure in front of another woman so casually playing with your sex was
not the least part of your normal habits. Still her fingers continued to make
you aroused and nothing it seemed would stop the impending fact that you would
have to allow her the privilege of giving you an orgasm whether you liked it or
not.

Your hands were placed on the sink behind you and while looking down at her
head, you wondered why you had not taken a pan from the sink and conked her with
it yet, as there appeared no one around to stop you at all! Why not you thought
as she manipulated you further along. Then just as you were about to do just
that you heard the door at the top of the steps open and footsteps came down.

You turned to see whom it was and out of the corner of your eye you noticed the
woman look that way also. It was an older man and woman, in fact the same two
who had made you service them in the bakery upstairs. They stepped slowly down
the woman before the man, each holding the rail for support. When they got to
the bottom of the steps, they crossed over to you and the woman, who was still
playing with your lips and probing with her finger.

"What may I ask is it that you need Mother and Father?" said the woman.

You heart jumped as you now knew the relationship of these three. You also began
to look carefully at the features of all taking in account the physical
similarity between them.




Corporate Type Chapter 33

The older woman spoke first, "We came down to see if we might be entertained by
your new prisoner, she has such a luscious full body." "I like the way her
breasts are so big and lips thick when she gets excited."

The store owner smiled and while still playing with your pussy lips said, "Of
course, I was just getting ready to empty her bladder and then watch her orgasm
again because I know that she hates to me made to do that while I watch!" "Why
don't you take her to the bathroom and empty her yourself and then we can make
her perform for us?"

The older woman grinned and stepped up taking you by one of your breasts and
squeezing, "Come along dearie, I want to play with you some more!"

Your breast was pulled as if she thought it a leash and you followed out of
necessity. The woman's finger nails pinched your tender full flesh and made you
winch. You padded behind her on bare feet toward the bathroom and the pulled you
inside. You looked around and remembered the last time you had been in here. It
made you feel like a used piece of flesh to have to be treated like this.

The woman walked you over to the commode and told you to straddle it still
standing. She had you put your hands behind your neck and clasp them while she
untaped the tube and then uncapped it. You heard the sound of the flow as it hit
the water in the commode and a rush came over your body as your bladder began to
change size.

The woman must have held the tube with one hand because you felt a hand squeeze
your breast like a balloon, testing its pressure. The hand moved and soon your
felt her fingers and thumb begin twisting your nipple which had betrayed you and
stood out at attention.

"Tell me dearie," the old woman said, "Have you ever had children?"

You choked your reply, while the woman's fingers made your nipple longer still.
"No, why?"

"Well, these breasts do have potential for nursing, and I have an infant care
business and could sure use you for milking those babies!" She stated. "If you
could lactate then you'd have many more privileges than here!"

You started to speak but held your words thinking before saying anything. "Maam,
I was wondering about that myself, everyone seems to feel that I would be a
better milker than a laborer and I wonder why I am being given a choice, at all
in the matter."

"Well," she said as she wrapped up the tubing and stepped back, "there is sort
of a commitment." "Stand on the seat with your hands in the same position."

You stood up on that thin curved wood and looked down at the woman, whose face
was now right at the level of your pussy. You saw her hands come forward and
separate your pussy lips and then felt her fingers begin to play with you. It
was awful to be so fully exposed and have to allow this old biddy such access to
your private area. She inspected you by opening and moving your flesh as she
would be a book.

You felt her ginger graze the tip of your clit and then she looked up at you and
said, "I want to make this clit longer while we talk." "Touch it and masturbate
for me until you orgasm!"

You felt a blush creep all over your breasts and face as those words sunk in.
Still you hands moved almost automatically to your lips and separated them
before you put a finger on your clit.

Then the woman began to ramble on about her business, explaining it was so that
a mother can drop her children, ages two weeks to ten years and have them
completely taken care of. "I have fifteen milkmaids and you sure would make a
nice addition to the place," she spoke. "You would be kept in extremely good
surroundings and be fed more than adequately." "Your only job is nursing,
someone else changes diapers." "Imagine only having to nurse all day long." "How
easy could that be?"

Your fingers soon made your clit large and a tingle came over you and before you
realized it a wave of orgasm made you tremble. It was so sudden that you hadn't
time to brace yourself and you almost fell off the seat.

The woman said, "Now place your hands back where they were." Then she stepped
over to the sink opening a cabinet above it and took out toothpaste and a brush.
She put a wad of paste on the brush and then said, "I am going to make you nice
and tasty for my husband, hold still!"

While one hand held open your lips the other used the brush to rub on your pussy
lips and then work it inside! At first it felt unusual and then it began to
burn! Your eyes glazed over as the humiliation of this got the best of you. But
you didn't move at all! Instead you moaned aloud as the burning grew worse.

The woman scrubbed harder and concentrated on our clit! This action made you
turn those moans into actual groans and you finally begged, "Please that hurts
me so bad, I beg you don't do it!"

The woman stopped scrubbing and said, well I suppose there is another place that
I could take care of, then she reached for the tube of paste again and smeared
more paste on the brush. She took this and spread it on your pussy inside and
out before she said. "Bend over and hang those breasts downward.

You bent forward and allowed your upper body to dangle out trying not to fall
off that narrow seat.

The woman took the brush and began scrubbing your areola. It wasn't pleasant but
didn't hurt the same as on your pussy. She continued talking to you.

However you were not hearing every word because you began to think, why am I
still standing here, she is weak and I am strong. Why don't I escape now?

You looked around the bathroom and planned how to tie up the woman after
subduing her. There was a shower sash but other than that there was little to
bind her with.

The woman eventually put the brush to your tender nipple and it betrayed you
coming to a full erection. She put more paste on it and scrubbed. Her movement
on your hanging breast made the whole thing shake and before long you felt the
unwanted heat build inside your pussy again. Your eyes watched the brush turn
that pink nipple to an angry red.

When the woman switched to your other breast she said, "Your breasts would feel
twice this heavy if they were full of milk, and your nipples would be extremely
sensitive, wouldn't you like that?"

You didn't answer her instead you pushed her away and knocked her on the floor
as you jumped down. She fell and you stepped over her, holding her down for a
second, then you turned and jumped up. When she screamed, you ran for the door
of the bathroom and hurried on bare feet down the hall. Your breasts flopped
around but that didn't stop you and you turned the corner flying past the man
and his daughter without stopping.

The woman exclaimed, "Hey where the hell are you going?"

You headed for the steps and skipped two hitting the third on the run.

The man's voice was heard saying, "My wife, I will check on her."

You were at the top of the steps and opened the door, peaking around into the
kitchen. No one was in sight and you stepped out of the little hallway. The door
had a latch on the outside which you slide into place and walked carefully
around the kitchen looking for other people. Still seeing no one, you went to
the doorway and peered into the store. All the chairs were up on tables and the
place was empty.

Within seconds you heard banging from the kitchen as they tried to open the
stairway door. You looked around for something to push in front of the doorway
and spotted two large full trash cans. When you had gotten them into place, you
realized their banging might alert someone so you looked for a way to stop them.

Your eyes went right to the fryer, ah ha you thought, I could pour grease on the
floor and it would seep under the doorway making them have to move!

You also noticed a large rubber apron and put it on to protect your skin. There
was a stainless steel cart you placed two large square pans on and finding a
ladle you filled each halfway with grease. It was still quite hot and you were
very careful. After getting the grease into the pans you rolled the cart to the
doorway and used the same ladle to splash grease under the doorway. Their
screams brought a simple smile to your face. After putting all the grease under
the door you went off looking for something to change into. Under the counter
you found a white blouse, but nothing else to wear. You put the apron on again
and tied it behind you.

All at once you remembered that you had a stupid catheter inside your bladder,
that the tubing was taped to your thigh and under the apron it jabbed into your
leg! Then you felt the heat and burning of the toothpaste on your pussy lips and
nipples once more. Your tummy was tightening again and you lowered yourself in a
squatting position with legs spread you lifted the apron and figured out how to
let air escape from the tube, and pulled it out slowly. That feeling was mixed,
both a blessing to have it removed and then sharp pain inside from it dragging
out of you.

You flung it away and felt like you had to pee so you went into the bathroom.
When the door closed behind you, memories haunted you of the woman and her
treatment of you. You sat and let the fluid run out of your burning twat as you
planned your escape.

After emptying yourself you went back out and found food, packing it into a
small bag and got a bottle of water too. You sat down behind the counter and
waited.

When dusk came and went the night outside was dark enough even in the street
lights to make it safe for your escape. You observed no one outside and looked
carefully as you opened the door out front, then realized there must be a back
way which would be even better! You turned and went back into the kitchen and
found another door marked exit. Slowly you pushed it open and found an alley
with trash receptacles. Walking carefully on bare feet you stepped along until
you came to the edge of the building. No one was walking in the street and you
stood tall and walked out along the sidewalk trying not to look like you were in
a hurry. You came to a cross walk and still no one was on the street. You
crossed the pavement and continued along the sidewalk praying that you would
encounter only people who didn't know your situation.




Corporate Type Chapter 34

Another block and you were still safe.  You padded on carrying the bottle of
water and bag of food. In the dim lights of the street you felt safe yet afraid
that at any second you'd be caught, and returned to prison!

Many blocks later you grew bolder and bolder and more confident that you had at
last escaped and would be able to get out of the country! Then you came to the
end of the buildings and there before you were fields on either side of the
road! Your heart jumped as you knew that you had made it to some sort of safety!

You left the building and walked down the pavement.

Soon however your bare feet became sore and you decided to brave the field and
hide under some trees for the night.

The sound of crickets and other night life sang you a lullaby as you closed your
eyes and curled up under the apron to sleep. The first time in many weeks you
had not been a prisoner!

In your dreams however you had nightmares of being captured and of being made to
service many men, and women every night. Then you were taken to the milk house
and made to wear those hideous cones which pulled milk from your engorged
breasts. Each time you woke, it seemed a dream that you were not captive and the
nightmare was not real!

Daylight came and the tiny bit of sun making its way through the trees felt
good. You sat up and looked around. You were less than five or six large trees
in a field of grass. There was quite a long distance to some hills on one side
and the road on still another. You could see houses and building's marking the
edge of the city you just escaped. Which direction to go, you thought. If you
went farther into the country you could probably find someone to help you but
that was no guarantee, and soon they would find you had escaped and come looking
for you!

You got up and decided to head for the hills. Some of the grasses were tall
enough for you to stoop and hide in so you followed those clumps and made you
way barefooted stepping carefully so as not to injure your sore feet.

There was an occasional car on the road that scared you and you ducked down but
other than that you were fine just hunched over and walking along.

It may have been a couple of hours and the sun was up high in the sky but you
were only half way to the hills, so you stopped to eat, drink and rest.

Then you heard them, dogs! Barking and making a racket from the road! You
quickly gathered your things and took off running, but as you went along you
heard the barking grew closer, they had found you! In desperation you ran and
ran, the hills seemed so far away still. The first dog came upon you and you saw
bared teeth and long hair sticking up all over its huge body. However it didn't
attack, just growled and barked as the other dogs came closer!

You saw people, men with hats running in the field just off the road, and knew
that they would soon be on your trail too. The largest dog tried to herd you
back toward the men but you spoke calmly to him trying to make him let you past.
You voice cracked and tears flowed as you felt helpless but still tried to run
toward the hills. The dogs didn't bite but kept circling you and you kept
moving.

As you ascended the hill, you saw the men getting closer and closer, they were
not running however, they walked side by side as if combing the ground about ten
in all. You got to the top of the hill and as you crossed it you felt your heart
sink! There was a fence was about twenty feet high with rolled circles of wire
adorning its top. The fence went in either direction for a long, very long way!
You hurried on in one direction pushing away the pack of dogs, though they made
you stumble many times. It was good though that they didn't bite but hey
definitely slowed your progress.

When the men finally crested the hill, you still hadn't gotten far along. With
your bare feet and the ground being full of rocks and things you couldn't get
away!

The men jogged to finally catch up to you! They began to form a half circle
around you with the fence keeping you from running away. All the men were
dressed in shorts and short sleeve shirts. They wore both and tennis shoes.
Finally when you were completely encircled they walked closer and closer and the
digs stopped barking, before moving as a pack away from you behind the men.

Your nerves were shot and you cried openly, dropping to your feet in exhaustion.

"Lady, you got some kind of nerve!" One man was wearing a blue pair of shorts
and a plain yellow T-shirt. He then said, "Strip the clothing off that body!"

You were so tired but knew his voice meant business, so you got on your knees
and reached behind you, untying the apron. When you had looped it off your neck,
you unbuttoned the blouse and after exposing your breasts to their stares you
pulled it off your shoulders.

The man spoke again, "Spread yourself on your back on the ground!"

Sobbing you laid down and looked up at the sky, then moved your eyes about
seeing all the men looking down at you! "Please, Sir's I beg you to be kind!"
You said in a tired weeping voice.

That man came forward with another man and put a bra like thing on, covering
your breasts.

As it touched your skin you felt the underside of it, it had pins inside it!
They pressed it on your breasts and then lifted your back up and clasped it
behind you. Then they sat you up and looped a strap over each shoulder to hold
the bra up.

You wanted to scream in pain as the inside pushed the pins deeper and deeper
into your tender flesh. Then they told you to kneel on your hands and knees.

When you had done that they attached some clamp to each pussy lip and a long
cord to those, then told you to crawl along the fence!

The ground may have hurt your feet but now your knees and hands felt it! But
your breasts inside that bra were on fire!

You crawled along having you buttocks exposed to these men walking behind you
and your lips shook each time you moved from those cruel clamps.

Your progress was slow and the sun was hot, but they walked behind you not
speaking a word. You had the chance to see the prison fence and the buildings
beyond, all made of square brick and roof of shiny corrugated steel. There was
about a half football field between the fence and the nearest buildings. The
ground was covered in grass about ten feet from the fence and then turned to red
dirt.

You were nearing exhaustion and fell to the ground landing on your breasts which
drove those pins into you and caused you agony, but the men stood and waited
patiently. You rolled on your back and cried, "Sir, I can't go on!"

To this, the man barked a command to the dogs and they came over sitting next to
you. "Fancy, Lick." He barked and the one yellow haired dog got up and stepped
on your legs. The dog's tongue immediately went to your pussy and lapped.

"Agh," You screamed, "Get him off me!" trying to roll over and curl up.

The man yelled, "Lady, lay back and spread em!" Then you felt a sharp sting on
your back and tried to avoid the next by turning on your back again. The dog was
still trying to get his nose back on your pussy and you felt you would throw up.

The man spoke one more time, "Lady, let my dog lick you or else." "In fact if
any of them want to lick you you'd better stay still and let them do it! You
shook with sobs as cold noses poked you everywhere except for your covered
breasts! The men seemed humored by your predicament and laughed as the dogs
fought to put their nose between your legs! After a few minutes of torment the
man stood over you and spoke. "You are supposed to be in that bakery shop!" "But
now you're gonna have a lot of work cleaning up the mess you made in that bakery
too!" "Afterward we are gonna have a town meeting outside in the square and
decide what to do with you because you tried escaping!" "The punishment bra is
to be worn until the town meets, and they told us to make you crawl all the way
back!"

You squirmed and unconsciously tried to move away from the dogs tongues and
noses, but the growls from the dogs stopped you.

The man said more, "These dogs will not bite but I have a whip and if you prefer
the whip to them I'll be content to use it." "But since the dogs found you they
deserve a reward don't they?" "You'll just have to lay there and let them enjoy
licking the sweat off your skin a little longer." "I must say that you are lucky
they wanted me to put that punishment bra on you because these dogs can lick the
nipples right off a woman, in fact the last time I let them lick nipples they
bled before the woman fainted." "Know why she fainted?" Seems that she had so
many orgasms in a four-hour period that she was exhausted and couldn't take any
more!" "Lemme know when you are close to orgasm, because I will pull the dogs
off and only let one enjoy your juices!"

You rolled those teary eyes back in your head and wanted to die right there.
Trying to escape was beginning to look like a bad decision now. The tongues of
the dogs rasped your skin and tickled everywhere, but you felt nauseous at the
thought of their tongues inside your pussy. As you laid back on the grass in the
sun the sensation finally got to your pelvis though and you cried, "Sir, I feel
terrible, but I think they will make me cum soon!"

The men each took a dog by the collar and pulled it away from you leaving only
one medium size dog there between your thighs. The tongue continued licking and
the sound was sickening. You felt your hips move each time the tongue slid up to
the crest of your lips. Those pins inside the bra bit into your breasts and
nipples again, as your breathing increased. Then your pussy lips became hot and
you knew that you'd be forced to display your female act in view of these men
and their dogs! When it hit you closed your eyes as your hips bucked and your
backbone stiffened. You arched your body, legs shook and a loud groan escaped
your mouth. The dog kept licking and while you experienced one of the most
private of bodily responses these men actually clapped, and cheered!

"Way to go Oscar," they yelled.

You had opened your eyes to see them standing around you looking down at you as
if you were a trophy after the hunt!




Corporate Type Chapter 35

Once the dogs had licked you thru at least five orgasms, the man standing over
you poked you in the side and said, "OK Bitch get up and crawl again." "Your
rest is over."

As you turned on your belly and tried to rise up on your knees, you wondered how
he could mean rest, it made you more tired than before, and after they had
humiliated you beyond anything thus far. You managed to get up on your knees and
hands though it took every ounce of courage and energy left in your body. The
dogs stayed away but were close enough to keep the threat alive and you didn't
want them on you again so you plodded along. Your knees were sore and breasts
still smarted from the living bra they pinned on you, but that didn't mean
anything to these men. They tugged periodically on those clamps still adhering
to your pussy lips, it stretched them and made you painfully aware of their
presence.

Hours seemed to pass as you followed the fence and there seemed to be no end in
sight. Occasionally one of the men  would swat your buttocks and laughing would
erupt amongst all the men. However the cruelest thing any of them did was to
poke the side or use a stick to slap the underside of your hanging breasts which
would force those pins inside  the bra deeper into your skin. They also took
turns holding the strings connected to those clamps, which when pulled sideways
let the air inside and your pussy got juicy again.

The high grass thankfully was soft underneath as this long crawling on your
knees on any other terrain would have opened them up and broken the bones. The
bad thing though was that those clamps swung and pulled your lips apart which
let long blades of grass stroke you and cause your pussy to become wet, and
itchy.

The next hill brought a view of the village or town into sight. Some houses and
buildings were above treetop level and finally they became close enough to be
clearer. The trek brought you to an area where backyards were on one side and
the fence on the other. Some but not all the houses had high red brick fences
bordering them. You could hear music playing through an open window. Televisions
were probably on also, these people were oblivious as to who was just outside
their property.

The fence went on until there came a gate. Most likely it was not well used but
the gate stopped a road that went out to your left between the houses. Just as
you got to the curb, someone pulled those strings on your pussy lips and
painfully stopped you! Then you heard, "Get up on your hands and feet, and crawl
now on the pavement!" "One of the men directed you."

As you rose to your feet but kept your hands on the ground your buttocks rose
uncomfortably high in the air for everyone to see. It also meant that your pussy
was obscenely visible to anyone! The bra fell forward jerking your breasts
inside and another round of pain came from those pins. As you took a few steps
slowly, you blushed as your pussy was jerked open wide as one string pulled off
to the left and one off to the right! If anyone had ever tried walking like this
they would know how awkward it was but also that in order to keep ones balance,
their feet had to stay widespread which opened up their privates to everyone!

You waddled slowly along finally arriving at the first corner and they turned
you. As you went along the concrete sidewalk, you heard people speaking on some
of the porches of those houses. It made your blood boil to be made to walk along
like this in full view of everyone, but you were afraid of having those dogs on
you even once more! Another four blocks later they turned you again, and you
heard lots of people ahead. The sun was already down below the horizon and
street lights not yet on but it was light enough to see people standing around
on the other side of the street as these men made you walk on.

You were made to cross the street and continue along amongst even more people
who were loudly chatting until you neared and then silence came in. It was
frightening to be made to pass thru them. Behind you, you could see their eyes
looking directly at you and your pussy! Once more you felt the strings jerk
painfully on your pussy lips which halted you and there in front of you was a
large platform.

You recognized it from your earlier experience weeks before. The man ordered you
to your knees and told you to crawl up the steps.

You heard whispers begin as you fell on your knees and ascended those wooden
steps. Your knees hurt each time you placed them on the wood and your progress
was slow. Equally worrisome were the strings which the men had dropped that
dragged along between your legs.

When you had climbed up and stopped on the flat area the man spoke to you again.
"Woman, crawl over to the wood." You saw a long board with three small curved
cuts' in it. "Lay flat on the wood placing your neck into the center cup and
wrists into the far ones." "Remain laid flat until further instructions are
given."

You were definitely scared, seeing this long wide board and as you crawled
toward it you saw that it was about four feet long and many inches thick. You
stopped when your neck was above the largest cutout in the center, you lowered
yourself until your neck was down and touched the wood. As you did so your
breasts were crushed inside the bra, those pins were making you hurt again, it
made you want to scream. Slowly and trying not to place any more weight than
necessary on your chest, you stretched your arms out to your sides and placed
your wrists into other cutouts. Now with no way of supporting yourself and all
of your weight drove those breasts onto the deck, and in order to breathe you
had to  turn your head to one side and you saw faces with eyes staring at you.

Then you heard and felt feet coming up behind you, you saw some woman's feet, a
sandal-covered pair, right next to you and then you saw another large board drop
down and press against the back of your neck and wrist. The woman leaned over
and you were able to see she had bare breasts, large areolas and some funny
looking wire things on her nipples. She moved some latch on the very end of each
of the two pieces of wood. Then put a chain on something at  the very end, stand
and walk away. Suddenly the large pieces of wood rose, and you of course were
dragged upward with them, cause if you didn't rise then you would be choked.

The wood kept going up until it held your head about waist high and then
stopped. You were bent over uncomfortably which showed your buttocks to anyone
and didn't allow you any privacy. However it also made your breasts hang down
and though your head was unable to turn much you saw the lower part of that bra.

You heard another set of feet came up and stop behind you, it frightened you to
be unable to turn and see who it was. Then you felt something hard being pushed
into your pussy. It was already vibrating and when it reached deep inside you
were sure they were going to humiliate you again. Then you felt the clamps part
your pussy lips again and they were weighted with something which pulled those
lips down and stretched. You wondered what it looked like!

Then one more time a hand searched between your legs and when a finger and thumb
grasped your clit you almost jumped. The fingers twisted and pulled it until you
knew it was erect and you also felt wetness and heat growing inside your pussy.
The next thing you felt was a pinprick in your clit! 

"Yeeeoooooow," You screamed and jerked.

Then a slap hit your buttocks and a voice spoke, "don't move or you will be
beaten until you have no energy left!"

The pricking continued, and your clit hurt so bad that you groaned as you felt
it pierced. Then some ice cold substances touch it and it went numb.

The feet traveled toward your head but never came into sight. You felt hands
take off the bra strap and those cups fall away. The bra fell to the deck and
you saw hundreds of tiny red dots in your lower breast skin. The nipples were
hard but somehow no blood dripped. You were scared when one of the man's dogs
came up on the stage and you saw it stop under your chest and that tongue begins
to lap at your breasts. The tongue was raspy and hurt but the stinging from
saliva touching the pinpricks was terrible. You moaned again, and again.

When the dog had cleansed your breasts enough, the woman pushed him away and his
owner called him off. However it wasn't soon enough and his touch had already
made your pussy very wet in addition to the vibrator churning inside.

The woman put her hand under one of your breasts and spoke to the crowd. Tonight
she will have her body available for your pleasures and torment which begins
immediately and carries thru until her sentencing in the first light of the
morning. Sentencing is merely a formal documentation of her escape attempt and
vandalism offense. She is an American Citizen though and journalists will be
invited to witness her being tried and sentenced. Her hand still cupped and
squeezed your breast. Then she slapped your buttock and then stepped away.

You saw people coming up on the platform toward you while others left the area.
Those who came up to the platform surrounded you and well began touching, well
fondling you. One man unzipped his pants before dropping them and you saw his
extremely long yes flaccid penis hanging in front of you. Once he put his hands
on your head and pulled himself closer to your mouth, you understood what you
had to do. He tasted salty and smelled musky, but thanks for the breeze the
smell didn't linger long. You move your head as much as the stock allowed and
picked him up in your lips. It was like trying to eat a sausage without the use
of your hands. Anyway you noticed him getting larger and swelling in girth. Your
eyes watched in fascination as his penis grew wider and then it began to stiffen
at the base and lift itself up! Soon it poked straight out and by a conservative
estimate it was longer than any you had seen so far. It kept pulsing and grew
upward still. Your mouth opened, you took the end of him inside, using your
tongue and mouth to hold it in.

Just then you felt something wet on a nipple. A wet cloth washed it, then the
other, and suddenly a mouth replaced the cloth on each nipple!

Now between the stimulus of the vibrator, the sucking on your nipple and that
cock in your mouth it was enough to bring you to orgasm! Your hips to your
shoulders shook in ecstacy as the tremors made your legs weak. In minutes the
orgasm subsided but the cock in your mouth soon began to pump its juice into you
and as you allowed the slimy fluid you felt an incredible hot flash overcome
your chest and you felt another smaller wave of orgasm between your legs.  Maybe
between those mouths on nipples and the unconscious swallowing, orgasm number
two came and went!

You thought to yourself, if this continues all night I will not be able to stay
standing like this from exhaustion. It was bad enough to have multiple people
touch you in private areas but not to be able to see who it was, man or woman
frightened and humiliated you. You were not a sex object to use at will but
highly educated corporate exec. material!

Those people made crude detailed comments about your body parts saying things
like, "Look at her breasts how they hang and those creases in the sides." Or
that your nipples had stretched long but not near as long as some women. Someone
made a comment about how loose the breasts were for a woman of your age. Then
someone behind you out of view would comment about your wrinkling red pussy lips
and the juicing between the inner and outer ones, as fingers handled you! Those
clamps were played with and you felt so humiliated, unable to move much except
from your hips which only made whoever was inside you very happy. You began to
cry eventually sobbing.

So it went all night long that people, both young, old, men, women came, and had
you service them or partook of your entrances and exits quite freely. They felt,
probed, pinched, stretched, pulled and jerked every part of you, leaving nothing
out of their grasps. You asked for water after hours but were given instead a
shower of urine which was hosed off you when people didn't like the smell. You
were grateful for the shower as it rinsed and allowed you to lick some water,
from your cheeks.

There was only one way to tell how much time had passed and that was hearing a
large tower clock clang out so many times. By midnight you had swallowed enough
male cum to make you fear you'd vomit. The number of times you had been
penetrated vaginally and anally was too numerous to count!

It was so tiring but to pass out meant strangling yourself on the stock! You
prayed for morning!




Corporate Type Chapter 36

As the night waned on, the air cooled down but people still lined up to enjoy
your humility and whip, spank, or sexually torment you. Then as you opened your
eyes one time you noticed the light coming up over the trees and suddenly your
heart became strong and beat rapidly.

It was perhaps another hour before light covered the entire platform and by then
people had set up lawn chairs and seats out in front. No more hands, pricks,
whips or body parts touching you. The last thing you saw was the expanse of open
area was quite large and soon there was standing room only way back to the trees
and buildings across the street! Then your eyes were blindfolded! You were
terribly frightened!

You heard commotion behind you again and felt the wooden board rise up higher
and higher until you stood straight up. It nearly choked you but after someone
adjusted it you found that the board rested on your shoulders and was not  too
heavy just hard to balance.

There were lots of footsteps behind you but no one spoke which made you more
afraid. Then you heard a male voice speak, "Ladies and Gentlemen, we are
gathered here in traditional island custom to witness judicial process!" "Here
we have a prisoner who tried to escape from a work center and in the process she
committed an incredible amount of vandalism!" "The exact monetary amount is
still unknown but her sentencing will be carried out anyway." "Ladies and
Gentlemen, let me introduce His Honor, Gregory Manley!"

As the footsteps moved forward you felt something at your pussy lips and it
probed yet didn't penetrate you, only seemed to move back and forth pushing your
thighs apart until you separated them widely. You knew you had displayed your
private parts fully but it wasn't an option. Then the stick touched each breast
and prodded and pushed them around as if testing their resiliency, the stick
poked into each nipple and then stopped.

Then another voice spoke, it was deep and earthy, "Ladies and Gentlemen, we
gather here to meet out appropriate sentencing for a convict, and it is quite a
surprise to have an unexpected entourage from some people of the United States
where she holds citizenship. I have asked that these people observe the entire
process." "Let me introduce them!" "They arrived her yesterday to plead for her
release, but when they landed they find she had escaped." "I expect they would
be shocked to see her in this predicament, but she will be equally surprised to
see them!"

As soon as he began calling out names the board began to turn and you were
forced to turn with it the stick still bouncing between your thighs from behind
convincing you to keep them widely parted. The names you heard sounded somewhat
familiar, and applause broke out as each name was called. Then you heard the
name of your secretary called out! You were dumbstruck as you realized she could
see you totally naked and humiliated like this! You became faint when heard the
name of the president and other officers and even members of the board of
directors! Men and women you at one time commanded and ordered were now able to
see you like this.

You felt something pushed up between your pussy lips, and whomever pushed it
made sure it went up into you as far as possible! It filled you completely, and
then came alive!

The next instant the blindfold came off and as your eyes adjusted to the bright
morning, you were able to look around and see! You immediately recognized your
co-workers sitting on sets of bleachers! When they had brought the bleachers in,
you couldn't imagine, but you were stunned at seeing twenty or so men and women
you worked with looking right at you, some even smiling! Next to you was a man
and he held a short quirt. He patted you between your thighs again making you
jump in fright. He motioned with the quirt for you to lift one leg at a time by
tapping you behind the knees. This you performed with great humility and
embarrassment as all their eyes watched your pubic area intently!

You were blushing from head to toe and wanted to hide away but there was no way
that would happen. His swat caused you pain and to lessen the smarting of it you
wanted to cross your legs, however now that everyone was looking at you it
wasn't an option you chose.

Then he poked your breasts again making them move about, you knew your nipples
responded and were sticking straight out but you were the only one who couldn't
see them!

You could see the Judge wore a black satin robe draping from his shoulders to
his shoes. He walked up, stood in front of you and looked you over as if he were
going to approve or disapprove of your bondage and attire!  He wore glasses and
peered over the top of them as he scrutinized your breasts one at a time. You
felt absolutely terrible as he stared for quite a while without any change in
facial expression. Then he bent over and gave an equal amount of time for you
pussy area. This made you want to cross or close your legs however you knew that
punishment would be severe if you did that again. His head stayed steady as his
eyes absorbed everything within his view. Afterward he stood and looked back
into your eyes. The blank stare scared you and when you couldn't hold your eyes
to meet his as long, you blinked and lowered your head, he had won. In the past
it had always been you who won the corporate stare-down, this time you lost
miserably.

The Judge then turned and spoke to the group and explained how you had escaped,
what damage was done and your capture. He left out many things though like your
inhumane treatment! Then he spoke about the maximum punishment for each offense.
Five years added to your sentence for escape and ten years for the damage done!

Your heart stopped and your legs buckled and you practically hung yourself as
the words penetrated your psych. You heard everyone clapping but your eyes had
watered so much that everything was foggy.

Then the judge came up to you and grasped on of your breasts and squeezing it
said. "On this Island we believe that prisoners should not dally and become the
burden of society but society should benefit from their hard labors." "What I am
saying is that You," his eyes directed to you, "Are to become a laborer in our
society and we will make use of your female nature in as many ways as possible."
"I direct the staff of the prison to contract immediately, the use of medical
aid to make you become a lactating female!" "We will use you to produce milk for
everyone!" "We will also use you in the pleasure houses and from homes of people
who pay for your services!" "You will constantly wear  bondage which permits the
use of every orifice but at the same time will allow you to be secured every
moment!" "Your punishment will begin this morning in one hour." "But in this
last hour, your former associates will be allowed to visit you here on stage!"
"You will show them absolute respect and if you fail to do so they will be
allowed to whip you until your skin breaks, later today!"

His hand stopped squeezing your breast and he backed away! You welled up in
tears and couldn't control yourself.

You peed right there, and everyone became quiet as the sound of the splashing on
the deck continued. This brought the judge back and he commented, "Scared the
miss right out of ya, eh?"

The stick played with your pussy lips from behind while you peed and you felt
the huge probe making you wet inside. Everyone applauded and your foggy eyes
permitted you to see those who knew you were clapping too! Then the Judge left
the stage and everyone on the bleachers stood and began coming forward. You
tried to struggle but the wood held both wrists and your neck fast and permitted
you no freedom. You wanted to speak but your shame prevented you from doing so
and as your sinus choked up you couldn't sound very tough anyway.

Your secretary came up first and stood right under your nose, you felt small
hands grasp your breasts and fondle them as she looked straight at you. Between
tears you saw her gloating smile! "I have always felt that you used these to
make everyone notice you in the workplace!" She commented. Her fingers fondled
gently at first but then became rough pinching and finally her fingers pulled
viscously on your nipples as her face broke into a grin. She kept it up and your
hips became warm, then you fretted that with the vibrator and her ouch you'd
soon cum! Almost as sudden as her touch she let go and stepped away and dropped
down below your view.

Another figure came up and looked in your eyes. You didn't recognize him though.
He began speaking and as his first words came out you felt fingers playing with
your pussy lips. That startled you and you missed the man's comments. E looked
at you and said, "Well?"

You were unable to speak because you didn't know what he had said in the first
place and you could only mutter, "I didn't hear you say anything."

He got irritated and you felt his hands slap extremely hard on the side of your
right breast, then his left hand did the same to the other side. He spoke again,
"Do you know me?"

You winced from the hard hit on your bosom and tried to speak, but he hit you
again, "Um no I don't," you replied.

He stood so close that you could smell his breath and his hands grasped a breast
in each squeezing it terribly hard. "I am the one who got all your mail, bitch,
you tried to fire me once because you didn't put postage on your own gas bill
and we returned it to you!"

You recalled the incident where you had ordered his supervisor, a woman to bring
him up to your office and listen to him get a royal ass chewing. He pinched hard
while fingers pinched your pussy lips too.

The man stepped back and another person approached you. She was matronly, and
one of the board members. "I recall you saying once that all the board members
had their head up their asses!" "Well bitch, where is your head going to be?"
"Do you realize that we have had more company production since you have left?"
Her pinching was cruel and your breasts cried out in pain. She stepped away from
you and walked beside you out of view.

As the next man approached you your heart stopped, he was the only man to ever
confront you in board meetings. Then you felt hands parting your buttocks and
forcing them apart. As he spoke you felt some hard object pushing up into your
poop chute!

You couldn't stand someone back there and lost all concentration moving your
hips forward into another set of hands and fingers playing with your pussy lips.

The man in front of you slapped your face and said he had a special treat for
you! "I had to listen to your smart mouth for too long and I think that I have a
right to shut you up one last time." He produced a gag! And bound it around you!

Others watched as his hands mauled your breasts and whoever played with your
pussy made you intensely horny, meanwhile those hands pushed into your rectum
and made you want to buck forward. In a matter of seconds you felt an orgasm
come over you, hips involuntarily gyrated while your body broke out in a sweat.
You displayed the most intimate sexual act while your former business members
and employees watched in full interest.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  InvisbleMan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





