BDSM Library - Taught a Lesson




Taught a Lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 2 girls get caught stealing money and suffer humilination and lots of bondage.
Taught a Lesson

My girl friend and I had gone mad on a shopping spree and spent loads of money
which was our boy friends. When he found out he went mad and told me to get out
of his house. I had no where else to go so I begged him not to throw me out.
After a lot of begging he said I could stay but I must be punished for my crime.
I didn't know what he meant but agreed.

That was a couple of days ago and tonight my boy friend comes home with a bag
saying he has a surprise for me. Out of the bag he takes a shiny satin push up
bra, a pair of black satin panties stockings and suspender belt. He tells me to
go and get dressed in them and make my self look sexy as he has some more
surprises for me. I rush up stairs and try them on. Silly man I thought the bra
is to small doesn't he know I am a 38d? I managed to squeeze into it but it was
tight and hugged me like a second skin and as the cloth was lycra my nipples
were clearly visible. Next came the garter belt and panties again to small but I
could squeeze into them.

After putting on my lipstick I went down stairs to show him. He produced from
the bag some leather cuffs and before I knew what was what he had them locked on
to my wrist. While I was upstairs he had placed a rope over one of the two beams
that cross our living room. He attached my cuffed wrist to the rope and pulled
it up so my arms were over my head. I was a bit surprised but it looked like
being a fun night.

While I wasn't looking he produced a ball gag from the bag and it was in my
mouth before I knew it, he pulled the strap tight and forced the large ball deep
into my mouth, it took some effort as it was a large ball. I was now standing in
the middle of our living room dressed in my underwear gagged and tied up. My bra
was threatening  to burst. Remember you agreed to be punished my boyfriend said
well tonight is the night.

Suddenly the door bell rang and he walk to answer it, I was in shock suppose who
ever was at the door saw me? I heard voices and recognised one as my girlfriend
and her boyfriend. Before I new it they were inside and both staring at me. My
girl friend was gob smacked.

You agreed to be punished her boyfriend was saying to her now strip. She was
shocked but did as he said slowly taking off her blouse to reveal a red bra lick
mine. Her boyfriend and mine had planned this and both gone shopping together.
In mins she was tied the same as me hanging from the other beam just in front of
me.

Our boyfriend rummaged in the bag and came back with some more stuff. You will
both be punished for what you did and you will never do it again. My boyfriend
went into the kitchen and came back with a water spray and sprayed cold water
all over my bra and then started on my friend while her boyfriend rubbed the
water into my bra making my nipples stand out like door stops. I was mortified
that a stranger could not only see me dressed this way but could play with my
tits and there was nothing I could do except grunt through the gag.

Satisfied that my bra was now soaking wet he came forward with to wires each
with crocodile clips on the end. I looked down in disbelief as her tweaked my
nipples and placed a clip on my nipple the teeth bit into my nipple and I yelled
out but nothing came out except a grunt. He did the same to the other one. The
other end of the wire he took across to my friend and did the same to her. Both
boyfriend between them now pulled on the wires until  the wire was tight going
from my nipples to my girlfriend, they adjusted both wires until they were
tight.

Next came a electronic tens box which had clips on that the put onto each wire.
They turned on the box and a mild electric shock ripped through my tits( now I
understood what the water was for to make a better contact). They played with
the box turning it up and down and laughing at the way out tits bounced and our
expressions. Ever time one of us jumped the wire pulled on our nipples and
pulled on the other ones nipples as well.

They turned off the machine but left the wires attached. They produced a paddle
from the bag and suddenly my arse felt the pain as it cracked down hard, I
jumped which in turn pulled  both our nipples.  Just then the door bell rang and
my boyfriend went to answer it, he came back with Bob and Jane two friends of
our. They both looked on in amusement, I felt so embarrassed as Jane was a
snotty bitch at the best of times. She calmly walked over to us and looked at
the two wires connecting our nipples then she took off her coat and draped it
across the wires causing  us to jump with pain.

Lets blindfold them so they cant see the paddle coming she said. This was
quickly done and I suddenly jumped as the paddle landed again followed by a
clicking noise which I couldn't identify. I must have received over 20 smacks
and judging by the pull on my nipples so had my friend my poor arse was on fire.
Now they decided to have more fun with us removing the blind fold  a belt went
around my waist and a rope was tied to the back and lead up through my crack to
the beam and down to my friends leg which was hoisted in the air.  They then did
the same to me so now we were hoping on one foot trying not to pull each others
rope.

By  now we were getting very tired and the drool was rolling down to our
breasts. Have you learnt your lesson yet we were asked? I quickly nodded , to
ensure you don't do it again tomorrow you will have your nipples pierced so we
can punish you easier if you do it again but for now you will have time to think
about your behaviour.

They approached us with chains and locked our ankles with a short hobble chain
which only gave us  a few inchs of room, they let our arm down and before we
could escape tied our hands behind our backs after taking off our bras. They
even put on a dog collar and pulled our hands up our backs and chained them on
to the collar. We had the gags removed and allowed a drink. They quickly put a
dog lead on us and lead us to the front door. We live in the country so it is
fairly quit but the thought of going out dressed only in panties and stocking
frightened my so I objected only to be slapped across the arse.

Outside we were led straight into our van and bundled into the back. The van
started off and I asked were we were going only to be told somewhere so we could
think over our deeds.  After a short ride we stopped and the back door opened
they dragged us to the back and sat us on the back of the van. We were down a
country lane about 2 miles from home and it was all ready dark. As we sat there
our boy friends approached us wearing rubber gloves and after dipping into a
tube of ointment proceeded to rub it all over our breast and into our nipples.

They stood us up and told us to go home and spend the time talking about how bad
we had been. I complained that we couldn't go home dressed like this only to be
told to stay here then. They shut the van and drove off before we could do
anything shouting see you at home. We had no choice but to walk home with our
hands tied and legs chained dressed only in panties and stockings. Fortunately
it was a warm summer night but the walk was very slow as we could only take
small steps.

After a while I suddenly felt my tits start to itch and then it got worse my
friend was the same the bastards had rubber itching powder into out tits before
long we were going mad. The only relief we could get was by rubbing our tits
together. If any one had seen to half naked girls doing this they would have
thought we were sex mad. Suddenly we saw a car coming in the distance, as it
drew nearer we took the only way out we could we dived into the ditch to hide.

This was a big mistake as it was full of water and mud. When the car had passed
we struggled to get out for about 5 mins as it is hard to do when its slippery
and you cant use your hands. We eventually got home and at the front door I rang
the bell with my nipple as it was the only thing that I could reach with. They
opened the door and looked at our muddy bodies and said you ant coming in like
that go around the back and be hosed off . In the back yard they turned the hose
on us and even used the yard brush to clean us.

Inside they said to me as my friend was lead off by her collar I fancy she had
to go home dressed as she was. I was glad to get to bed that night but dreaded
having my nipples pierced the next day. I was fitted with rings which couldn't
be taken out and was embarrassed in case they showed under my cloths.

A few days later my nipples had healed ad the ring were permantly in place it
was my day off and I was at home alone. The door bell rang and as I opened it in
marched Jane as large as life as though she owned the place. She sat on the
settee and ask me how I was after the other night. Alright I murmured. I want
you to come to a party as a bondage model she said. I started to say no but she
went to her bag and produced some photos saying I think you will or all your
friend will get one of these. They were photos of my punishment night, now I
understood what the funny noise was I heard.

I was shocked but before I could do anything she had a pair of handcuffs on me
and my hands were locked behind my back. Let me see your ring she said as she
unbuttoned my blouse, she pulled my tits free from the bra and examined the
rings. Producing a chain she locked each end onto my ring, now I was caught by
my nipples. She forced a ball into my mouth and sealed my mouth with flesh
coloured tape. She picked up the chain and I had to follow.

She led me out to her car with my tits hanging out and my hands cuffed. She
pushed me into the back seat were I found my friend in the same position as my
self. As we drove off I tried to say that my tits were visible to anyone
passing, but all that came out was a grunt. I tried to shake my tits back into
my blouse and to a large degree succeeded but this meant the locks were caught
up on my bra hurting me.  

When we got to her house we were lead inside and into the main room which was
set out for a party. She removed our handcuffs and gag and told us to get down
to our undies which we reluctantly did.

She went over to her samples bag and came back with some underwear, she
approached me and gave me a red satin set consisting of a bra panties garter
belt and shiny stockings which she told me to put on. My girl friend was given a
latex suit to put on. I started putting on the bra and then I noticed there were
little spicks in the cups they were made of hard plastic so they wouldn't stick
in but they would play hell with my nipples.

My friend was struggling with the suit as it enclosed her feet and as she pulled
it up Jane made sure the crutch and nipples all went in the right places. There
were metal looking disk on the crutch nipples and bum. Once she had it on she
was covered all over with latex even her hands and the final part was a hood
with built in pump up gag.  Jane attached wires to the suit as they seemed to be
places to plug them in.

Other girls had arrived and seem to be there voluntary and they were getting
changed into various outfits. I was lead over to the centre of the room and
there I noticed 4 ropes two were attached to my wrists by putting cuffs on them
and the same to my legs. Jane shouted to someone and my wrist were pulled apart
until they were out straight. My legs were pulled about  2 feet apart so that I
couldn't close them.

By now guests had started to arrive they were all women and Jane welcomed them
all to the display of bondage and underwear. Some of the girls came on and
displayed the underwear as Jan talked. I was getting tired and my arms ached
from being tied as it had been about half an hour.

Jane now announced that she had some bondage equipment to show everyone. The
first item was a paddle  and she explained I had volunteered to be the victim so
people could test the  paddles whips and canes. With this she whacked me across
the arse three or four time to demonstrate the paddle and then offered to let
other try. They jumped at the chance and soon smacks were raining down thick and
fast.

It wasn't long before I started shouting and screaming as apart from the smacks
my tits were getting sore as they bounced about on the spikes. Jane explained
that the way to silence a noisy slave was to gag her and she produced a pump up
gag which she stuffed into my mouth and pumped up hard. Next came a cane and the
same thing again they all took turns with it and by now my arse was on fire and
I was bucking like mad. Some one was worried about my arse so Jane said we will
fix that and grabbed  a ice bucket and poured all the ice into my panties.

Jane now produced a crop and explained that this can be used on the tits as
well, with this she undid my bra and started flicking my nipples. Everyone
wanted to know about the rings in my nipples were they permanent. As she
explained she produced a box of nipple clamps for people to try, I was lucky
being pierced as they left me alone and tried it on another girl. While all this
was going on I saw my friend in her latex suit being put through her paces as
they applied shocks to her body. All you could see was latex and you couldn't
make out who the person was.

Janes next trick was to produce a vibrator on a pole which she placed under me
but about a foot to low. She now added weights to my nipple rings and then
flicked my nipples telling me to get down on the vibrator. To do that meant
spreading my legs very wide which pulled on my arms. As she then started
slapping my now frozen bum I had little choice and struggled to spread my legs,
as soon as I reached the vibrator it went to work. The strain on my legs was
terrible not to mention the fact that my arse was being smacked, to top it all a
young girl with big tits came over flopped them out and demanded I suck them
after she had taken the gag out. By that point I would do anything for relief so
I sucked for all my worth and suddenly burst forth with a huge organism.

At last it was all over and we were released. Everyone started to go home but we
were stuck having to wait for Jane to take us home.  I will give you a lift home
now she said to me, but I am not dressed I said. Its ok just pull your bra back
up as she dragged me to the front door. Going out at night dressed like this was
one thing but in the day was another and I protested. All it did for me was to
get myself handcuffed again and led out to the car.

We drove back home and I did my best to hide in the back of the car so no one
could see me dressed in my undies. When we arrived home we were greeted by a
workman who was leaving my house, I had no idea what this man was doing there.
Its all installed have fun he said and off he went.

What was he doing here I ask Jane, you new playroom is installed lets take a
look. She led me into my own house and down to the cellar which now had a very
solid door on it. She unlocked it and led me in, I stood in amassment at all the
bondage gear. There were racks X crosses whips chains and all manner of things.
Jane led me over to a horse similar to a carnival horse.

She sat me on it and tied my legs into the stirrups my wrist which were still
handcuffed were pulled back by elastic to the horses tail. She then added a
chain from my nipple rings to the horses head and pulled it. I was ok as long as
I could keep tension on my wrist, if I slaked of then my nipples would be
cruelly pulled. To make matters worse she again applied itching powder to my
nipples, I new in a few moments they would drive me mad.

Your boyfriend will be back very soon she said and with that she turned on the
horse. It started to buck and I fought it trying to stop it pulling on my
nipples as I went back and forth. It was a balance the tension on my nipples
stopped them itching but it was a close call to much and it hurt like hell. Jane
went and closed the door leaving me on the beast. It seemed forever before my
boyfriend came in and turned the machine off. I was so relived that it had
stopped but I was still perched on it attached by the nipples.

He unclipped my nipples and undid the elastic from the horse and asked me how I 
had enjoyed my day. I replied I hadn't very much but I did admit I had had some
great orgasms.   He said this was the way my life was going to be from now on
and this is why he had bought me the dungeon.  He said he would go and fix
dinner for me as I must be hungry by now, he lead me over to a u shaped pole and
stood me over it. The next thing I knew was the pole was rising and listing me
off the floor, it fitted me front and rear like a chastity belt. He strapped my
legs to it and left me while he went to make dinner. He returned 20 mins latter
with my dinner and placed it on the floor after he released me from the u shaped
device he pushed me down on the floor with my hands still handcuffed behind me.
He lifted the lid off the dinner plate and should me banger and mash with the
sausage sticking up out of the potatoes like male organs.

It was difficult eating on the floor with my hands handcuffed and I ended up
really messy. I was then subjected to a variety of different bondage devices
over the next few hours before I was allowed to get to bed. Now I not only had
to suffer with my boyfriend but Jane seemed determine to use me as her bondage
model again. Live was going to be fun.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jan Wright


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





