BDSM Library - The Captured




The Captured
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cyber applications and paint ball guns are just some of the many tortures endured by the heroine.
The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture and sex. Please do not read further if any of these subjects
offend, or if you are not of legal age.

The following is for your sole enjoyment and your cooperation in not using the
material in any other application without the express permission of the author
is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar




The Captured



It sure beat hawking do-dads to tourists strolling Fisherman's Wharf. She
thought them just more easy marks when they first approached her territory that
sunny day. Later, she was to learn he is the CEO and she the Creative Director
of what Left Coasters call a "boutique" ad agency. The two offered Elissa a job
as an intern right on the spot. She grabbed the opportunity to actually apply
what she learned in college.

Candice, the black-haired creative director of the firm, even offered to share
her own condo until Elissa found a place. The striking woman did many things,
like compliment Elissa on her looks, off the job cook their meals, and evenings
give massages. Despite her modified Goth look, and since they were the same
size, Candice let Elissa wear some of her clothes. Back home, in Iowa, the micro
minis and ankles boots would have made locals call her a slut, but as far as
Elissa was concerned, those hayseeds could keep their opinions along with their
cornfield judgments. Out West, Candice made her feel all that much more daring.

When talk of working the vacation weekend circulated the agency's Sansome Street
headquarters, the new intern quickly volunteered. Candice and Mr. Simonton, the
CEO, seemed especially pleased at Elissa's enthusiasm, and she was quickly added
to the skeleton staff scheduled to come to work.

Mr. Simonton drove his new SUV across the Golden Gate. Up front with him rode
Marcus, the youngish Information techie. In back, Elissa sat between Candice and
Bonnie, the head of Human Relations she met on her first day at the new job. It
sounded as though Marcus and Mr. Simonton were discussing something about
e-commerce, but Elissa paid little attention as she sat between the two women.
Behind them on their way up US 101 followed a late model sedan with the general
manager of sales and his top salesman. Elissa sat back to enjoy the ride and
inwardly smiled at her good fortune. Mr. Simonton said he was leading them all
to a corporate retreat somewhere in the hills above Mendocino.



The other two giggled when Elissa disappointedly said she had no suit to wear in
the retreat's hot-tub. Bonnie tossed her a plush robe. Holding apart her own
robe, she flashed Elissa. She attempted not to blush at the woman's nudity and
tried to act sophisticated, which made things even worse. The others nudged each
other as if sharing some joke. Instead of stammering like some Mid-western hick,
Elissa grabbed the robe and pealed off her everyday sweats. She would show them.

Steam clouded just above the three pairs of breasts as the women soaked. Eldest
of the three by four years, Bonnie clearly made working-out a top priority. Her
auburn hair was pinned up like the other two. Denser clouds of ocean fog
obscured all vision in flowing hills below. Behind the trio perched the rambling
mansion's weathered wood.

Only the pale flesh in the heated tub offset predominant shades of grays and
midnight blues.

"These are for you, ladies."

"Hi, Marcus." Candice sang out to the tall figure above them. "Whatcha got?"

Elissa modestly rushed to cross her hands over her breasts and even her legs
unseen under the bubbling water when the IT male appeared. Seeing no reaction
from either Candice or Bonnie, however, she let her hands drop back underwater.
Candice, especially reacted calmly, thought Elissa as her new roommate boldly
stood up in the tub and made no attempt to cover herself. Steaming droplets
splashed from the swaying breasts, across the rippled stomach and from the
sculpted thighs.

Elissa winced. Candice stood immediately in front of her. Seemingly without a
care she took three straws from Marcus. Elissa peeked. Candice didn't have just
the same bikini job as Elissa did. No, Candice was completely bald there, and
dripped almost in her face.

Marcus left as soon as he handed the straws to Candice and she sat back in the
tub. Elissa breathed a sigh of relief and hoped she wasn't so obvious that the
other two would notice.

"Here, each of us gets to take a straw. But, don't let the other see."

Elissa took hers. "What are these for?"

Candice glanced at Bonnie and seemed to wink. "Well, as this is your first time
here, I'll explain. We draw straws. The loser or, the winner," she winked again
at Bonnie. "Gets to fuck with the boss."

Elissa was going to gasp louder, but the other two seemed so matter-of-fact
about this unusual game that she pretended to not even care. Her fingers
squeezed tightly around the straw in her palm.

"Okay ladies. So shall we?"




Back in the bedroom they used for changing, Candice took Elissa aside and held
her robed arm firmly. "Your straw was the shortest, so you get to use your
money-maker. But, take a tip, the boss likes you completely bare down there."

Elissa's green eyes darkened. The Creative Director looked serious. She took the
small razor from Candice and navigated the plush rug to the bathroom, but not
before thanking her roommate for the advice. Brushing blonde curls from the
robe, she closed the door behind her.

The sales manager also turned out to be a serious chef and the communal dinner
he prepared that evening turned out to be succulent. Elissa tried to enjoy the
food, wine and good company. The black gown Candice loaned her was cut to her
navel. Elissa's decolletage nearly spilled out her breasts more than once. She
took another bite of the grilled salmon and sipped more wine. Maybe the wine
would help her nerves. Not at all like Council Bluffs, she smiled to herself and
swallowed more of the excellent dinner.

"You looked exquisite this evening." Elissa blushed as the CEO escorted her into
the hushed surroundings of his bedroom. She felt her chest flush and didn't know
if it was because of the wine or his presence. "But now, I desire to see more of
you."

Quiet jazz played from speakers set somewhere in the golden and burgundy setting
that looked fit for royalty. Everything seemed muffled, yet distinct. Elissa
turned back to Mr. Simonton, who stood waiting for her response.

"Here. Allow me to let free your golden mane. Perhaps that will help?"

Elissa felt his touch and then her own hair cascade over the back of her neck
and shoulders. Jittery fingers detached the borrowed earrings. Lowering her
lashes, she remembered the straws and all that had happened to her since she
decided to strike out on her own and come to the West Coast. Pressing her lips
firmly together, she reached behind and started to unzip the gown.



He turned out to be a very considerate lover. Initial nervousness about being so
intimate with the boss, whom she barely knew and now shared a bed with because
of some stupid game, subsided and was left in the dust with other mid-western
preconceptions of what life was supposed to be like, Elissa gave as much
enthusiasm as she did on her first day at work.

Somewhat differently, of course.

Anal was new, but since that was what he seemed most to like, she went along. At
first it hurt, but a certain deftness taught her to actually enjoy the
experience. It ushered the start of many orgasms. Elissa felt as though a fuse
had been lit, and she was the dynamite. Teeth clenched. Tossing high hair as her
back arched, ecstasy screamed at brocade and polished wood walls. Fingernails
turned to claws. Pillows, satin sheets, and the boss's back scoured. Anal
quickly became oral, and back again. Elissa became a woman possessed.



"A flunitrazepam, or as I believe they call it on the streets, "roofies", were
given you. Disorientation for at least 36-hours is part of the sedative's
reactions."

Pounding wouldn't stop as the deep voice awoke part of her. Lids opened
half-way. Her temples throbbed, but there was something else. Out of the corner
of one eye Elissa recognized Candice, despite the black mask covering her eyes.
The cloaked roommate luxuriously licked one hardened nipple: hers. Elissa rolled
her head. Bonnie, with the same kind of mask and cloak sucked on Elissa's other
nipple. Pounding into her was the salesman: she couldn't remember his name but
realized exactly what he was doing.

Elissa jerked away, but arms and legs were held. The man continued pounding as
the women sucked and licked. Elissa's stupor allowed her to see what it was
holding her: wrists and ankles were cuffed to the tall "X".

"The mirrored wall behind my throne," Simonton sat across the room.She knew it
had to be him. His cloak was scarlet, and unlike the others, his mask was full
and sculpted from gold. "Conceals cameras recording your every reaction. Their
recordings shall enjoy a certain international popularity."

The owner of the furiously pounding red head rested its sweaty mop on the top of
her drawn stomach. She heard a grunt, then the man pulled away. Elissa saw gobs
of white top crusty white over her mound below.

"Consider yourself captured. In more ways than one."

"Master, master. Look at my latest."

Elissa groggily swung her head to the origin of a voice she recognized as
belonging to Marcus, the IT head. His mask was the same as the others but there
was no mistaking his identity.

Simonton glanced away from Elissa and inspected what appeared to be an ordinary
computer keyboard except this one had wires dangling from its plastic bulk.
"Explain this new toy of yours."

Marcus eagerly bobbed his hooded head and lifted up the wires. "Electrodes are
at each end, and each tip has a little adhesive pad. The wires connect to "F"
keys." He gulped in his excitement to show. "Or, you can spell out words on the
keyboard, and if what you type is a keyword this thing can understand then..."

The gold mask glittered as it moved. "Give us a demonstration."

Candice stepped aside as the first electrode was attached. The small round
adhesive hardly reached to the base of the elongated nipple. Others helped
Marcus apply the wires. Shaven nether lips were connected. Full upper and lower
lips of her mouth were wired, as were her ear lobes. Marcus himself placed one
over the clit, but not before grinning to those around him.

When all of the connections were made, he plugged the keyboard into a wall
socket and then turned back to Simonton. "It, and its first victim is prepared,
Master."

"Then," The gold mask seemed to ponder. Only large candles illuminated the black
walled room, although several lights illuminated Elissa . "Key F-6."

Marcus did as told.

Elissa would have jumped off the cross, were it not for the cuffs that held.
Electrical power surged through the F-6 key that ran to her left ear lobe.
Blonde hair wildly shook. Marcus released the key and her head slumped forward.

"Try F-1."

Hair flew up with her head. The left breast jumped with the shock, its partially
covered rose tower bouncing as the rest of her body convulsed. Droplets of fresh
sweat sprang out to mat fallen strands.

All of the "F" keys were tried, at least once when Simonton rose up his right
hand. Its palm faced across the room toward the others. "Its time to try the
keywords. Type, let's see, "he paused as if to deliberate and quickly decided.
"C-l-i-t."


Matted strands wound over wires and contours of flesh smoothed slick with sweat.
Drool slid from slightly parted lips. One of them placed a hand over her
forehead and tilted it up and back. Elissa's lids remained further closed, but
she did groan as her head was tilted.

"I believe she has had enough of your amusing new toy, Marcus. Take off those
wires, and save the contraption for later: perhaps it will find another use."

Her head was left to fall back down and Marcus, along with the others, peeled
off the small tabs. Pliant skin reluctantly freed adhesive. Its owner remained
unconscious and unaware of their removal.

"You like her, don't you Bonnie?" The golden mask queried the brunette who had
been helping remove a wire at a time using only her lips and teeth. She paused
and flashed a smile in return. She let more of her cloak part to reveal both
large areole tipping full breasts.

"Well, she is pretty and I have always enjoyed a personal fantasy of being bound
to a similar cross."

"In which case," Simonton chuckled. "Be careful of what you wish."

The others chortled at Bonnie's expense while Candace kneeled before the last
wire to be removed. She softly dabbed away the encrusted sperm, leaving female
flesh bare. Placing her fingers on either side, she sucked wire, adhesive and
the pink organ attached deeper into her mouth. Elissa moaned as her clitoris
held to the wire. Candace sucked the wire and little pad free, then used her
tongue to waggle the elongated pink from side to side and up and down. Elissa's
eyes parted as she moaned more. Her slick stomach increased its shallow beating.
Shallow breaths turned into ragged pants.

Candace gently raked her teeth along the length as it popped from her lips. She
stood and dove her tongue into Elissa's open mouth.

"Very nice, ladies, but I now have a new game for all of you to participate in."

The costumed men and women looked at their leader with obedient attention.

"Marcus, bring in the ball."

He rolled in a wire ball that stood about five-feet tall. It clattered over the
floor, drawing attention to wicked looking barbs facing outward from the metal.
Marcus halted the object and opened a hatch about the size for one stooped
adult.

"Place her inside."

Red dots colored where the electrodes had been attached. To Elissa it felt good
to feel her limbs released from the cramping cross. She wobbled on her own feet
and was led to the opened hatch and shoved inside. Once in, her 5'7" size
squatted in the small confines. Reddened breasts mashed onto knees. Marked lips
awaited the next torture.

"Let her get the feel of navigating this restricted floor-space." Simonton
watched as one of the men avoided the metal barbs and rolled the ball and its
occupant forward. Elissa cried out, but then learned to use her feet and arms to
steady, then move the ball on her own.

"Now, the rest of you stand before this electrified cable that Marcus will
separate you from me. And, Marcus?" His golden head swiveled as the others stood
on the other side. "Get yourself and these others their paint guns."

He brought forth modified weapons whose barrels had been reduced in caliber,
kept one for himself, and handed the rest to his co-workers.

Simonton crossed a leg and said to those on the other side of the cable. Beyond
lurked the metal ball. "Now you are probably wondering, so...here is how the
game is played. She can, if she so wishes, roll the ball at you. The cable will
prevent your full retreat and as you have seen, the wire frame does have mean
claws. Watch out for them! You can be hurt if they hit. Your side has these
weapons. Rather than paint balls, each of you will receive three small capsules.
They are loaded with acid. The synthetic gel is impervious to the highly
corrosive material each contains, but will splatter on impact.

Your goal is to avoid being injured, and at the same time try to either hit the
intern directly, or splatter her with the acidic contents of each gel round. I
must also add that successive hits on the framework will degrade the integrity
of the sphere's shape-you might punch a large hole through it. That will render
her not only unable to accurately navigate, but also obviously leave her
vulnerable for more shots.

Got it? Then good sportspersonship for all, and let the game begin."



Elissa lunged. The sphere with her in it rolled forward. Grappling rapidly with
the round cage's bars, fist flew over fist. Unsure at first, afraid she might
somersault inside the cramped space, Elissa forgot all about the sedative
effects from the drug. She concentrated on remaining upright as the wire ball
with its outside-facing barbs clattered across space roughly the size of a
basketball court by a third.

Screams rent the room: male screams. Torrents of maroon gushed from the gutted
sales G.M. His assistant tried to help, but succeeded in only catching his
superior's red toupee. Both fell back onto the electrified cable as barbs on the
outside of the metal ball sliced. Their bodies died before they fell. Modified
paintball guns fell from dead hands. A wooden rod set into the concrete floor
stopped the rolling death machine before it could touch the cable.

Marcus grabbed Bonnie's hand and she clutched Candice's. The three ran around
and behind the sphere. On the IT manager's direction, they widely spaced
themselves.

The first round fired by Candice shot above its mark. It burst into a far
corner. From his throne Simonton watched the acid tear into the wall and smoke
billow. Shrugging at the loss of only a patch of wallpaper, he checked the
monitors at his feet. Using the remote control joystick for the cameras he
zeroed in on the metal ball, now moving back toward the other three.

From a flanking position Bonnie aimed and fired. Her pellet was more successful.
It splattered over the metal frame. Elissa screamed as some of the acid spray
hit her. The cage stopped its momentum. Inside could be seen the struggling
intern frantically trying to brush off the burning liquid.

The ball rolled again. Candice screamed as she was cornered. One of the metal
barbs sunk into her. Metal cleaved the shaven fissure between her legs. Candice
wailed as she fell and writhed, bloody hands covering each other over her groin.

Marcus fired his round and aimed for a section still smoking from where Bonnie
hit. It, too, shattered on impact. Corrosive acid ate the metal. Elissa shrieked
inside as drops fell on her legs and arms.

Bonnie followed Marcus's lead and fired again near the same spot. The gel
capsule hit and broke over the smoking metal. Elissa gave up all concentration
on moving the ball and cowered as best she could following Bonnie's shot.

Marcus motioned for Bonnie to take another shot. He glanced at Candice on the
floor, and seeing her lying inert, turned back to Bonnie. Another shot slammed
into the now motionless cage. Elissa's wails could be heard behind the smoke
from the burning acid.

Marcus lowered his gun and bravely strode over to the barbed metal ball. He
raised his work boot and kicked at the smoking cage. He felt the structure give
before it slightly rolled from impact. He kicked again, and this time, a section
of the wire fell through. Inside, he could see Elissa huddled in fear.

Waving away clouds of acrid smoke, his vision cleared. Livid burns pockmarked
her thighs. Parts of her hair smoldered. The bitch's cheek was wet from tears.
Fearful wide eyes looked back at him.

He shouldered his rifle for a coup de grace. Aiming down the barrel at a spot
between the stricken eyes, his finger slowly closed on the trigger. Pressure
increased. The bitch huddled waiting for his kill shot. His finger tightened.

Marcus jerked the gun away from his shoulder, looked at it and then slammed its
butt into the floor. The gun stayed jammed.


Marcus cursed. The jammed paint gun flew from his hands. It skittered across the
blood-streaked floor and landed in a corner. He set a boot near the torn hole of
the cage and reached in. Grabbing Elissa's wrist, he dragged the frightened
female out through the jagged metal. For good measure, he kicked her flank as
she landed on the floor on all fours.

Meanwhile, Bonnie noticed for the first time since Elissa was pulled out
Candice's stilled body. She rushed over and kneeled alongside the bloody corpse.
Raising one limp wrist in her hand, Bonnie screamed as reality hit. Bonnie bent
lower and mournfully kissed Candice's lips.

The gold mask ignored the monitors in favor of watching surviving players still
before him. His auburn-haired HR director rose from her fallen chum with obvious
distress. Her hair billowed as she charged Elissa. The intern had slipped on a
pool of blood after being kicked in the ribs and lay on her back next to one of
the dead sales types. Bonnie's cloak fanned as she charged. Skidding to a stop,
she sunk one of her stiletto heels into the blonde's pale hip. The fallen intern
screamed in agony. Bonnie roared back in fury about her lover being killed.

Marcus brushed away metal flash from his cloak and held Bonnie back. He
whispered in her ear until she finally began to calm, though glaring eyes
remained locked down at Elissa.

"Bonnie, why don't you remove your cloak and show the camera audience more of
your beauty?"

She kept her eyes boring into Elissa but obeyed. Training had taught her never
to refuse her master's wishes. She let the cloak drop to the floor.

Marcus had seen Bonnie nude before, but seeing her in all her fury standing in
this special room wearing nothing more than a mask and heels excited. Her
profile was to him. It was impossible not to appreciate the well-toned body as
it stood, full tits swaying, ass tightly-clenched, sculpted legs and thick hair
flowing over her tanned shoulders.

He did have work to do, however, and worked a winch that lowered two chains from
the ceiling. Yanking Elissa up by her tangled hair, he attached each of her
wrist cuffs to the chains and raised them slightly. He stepped back to appraise
his work. For all she had been through, the intern did not look bad, either.
Twisting him to face her, long arms reached high, pushing out her nice tits. One
of them must have been hit by flying acid as there was a small burn etched into
the side of the flesh near the oval aureole. Looked first degree, though, so he
spun the girl around. Where she had slid on her back was smeared with black
blood, though that was from the floor and not hers. Another burn marked one ass
cheek, another shown from under the smear at the small of her back, and three
dots marked the bunched width of her shoulders. He shook the chains to make sure
she was well attached and then turned back to Bonnie.

Simonton inwardly smiled as he watched the scene unfold. Remembering the camera
control, he tweaked the joystick and focused the lenses on the chained female
nude. Tugging at one scarlet lapel, he adjusted his seat to more comfortably
enjoy the final scene.

Marcus huddled briefly with Bonnie and then left the two alone while he went and
fetched a golden statue set on small wheels. Shafts of lights from its grotesque
contours. He easily moved the figure with its giant phallus toward where Bonnie
stood and Elissa hung.

Together they grabbed an ankle. Elissa softly groaned as her legs parted into a
split. Fingers and hands clutched the chains and attempted to pull herself
higher.

Marcus nodded to Bonnie holding up her long white leg. They lifted higher.
Elissa groaned more as her limbs formed a shallow "V". Using his boot, Marcus
slid the phallic statue under the parted legs. The leg dropped as he let the
ankle go. Positioning the phallus so it entered the intern's vaginal hole, he
motioned for Bonnie to let go of the limb she held.

"Well done, Marcus. Expect a 2% raise next quarter in appreciation for your fine
effort today."

From behind the mask Simonton's eyes glittered on Elissa. Sweat beaded and
streamed down her taut body. For any kind of support, freed legs wrapped around
the statue. It looked as though she was making love to the idol. A bulge showed
over the shaven mound as the metal penetrated deeper. Arms and legs in concert
humped the impaling shaft.

"Let's go back upstairs. The cameras will remain functioning, and we may be able
to her screams. Regardless, she will suffer as she rides the phallus more and
more. We can all rest."


The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





