BDSM Library - Awakening Angela




Awakening Angela
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young housewife Angela has a visitor at her door.....carrying a bag full of lovely things, all of which she will try with or without her consent.
Awakening Angela

Part 1 - Awakening Angela

Angela finishes applying her lipstick and stands up to look at herself in the
full length mirror. A day off work at last and an opportunity to relax and not
do a lot. She smiles to herself as she looks at the curvy figure in front of
her. The white long, flowing skirt with blue print pattern hugs her hips, the
split just off centre showing her calves off nicely. The thin cotton blouse she
brought the previous weeked goes perfectly with the skirt even if it is a little
lose in the top. "Not too bad at all" she thinks as she turns and goes
downstairs into the hall, picking up the post along the way and heading into the
kitchen. She turns the kettle on and leans against the cupboard as she browses
through the mail, a couple of bank statements, postcard and a leaflet from a
clothes mail order company looking for agents, nothing of interest really.

After a breakfast of tea and toast Angela tidy's the house before popping to the
local shop to pick up the paper. She steps into the shop, surprised at how quiet
it is and then realises that normally she's here at 7:30 in the morning when
everyone is rushing in before going work, rather than 11:00 as it is now. No one
seems to be in the shop, so she picks up her paper and then browses the
magazines, blushing slightly as she glances at the top shelf, bulging with
pictures of naked slutty women. She looks down seeing her favourite magazines on
the floor in front of her. Not sure which one she wants she crouches down, her
skirt tightening against her full arse, the split of her skirt falling over her
knee.

Absorbed in the magazines, a sudden noise causes her to turn, only to see Mrs
Dilton standing watching her from the counter as she smokes a cigarette. Mrs
Dilton works part time at the shop, is 35 and is wearing a trashy short loose
skirt and plunging blouse. She is heavily made up and is wearing bright red
lipstick. Angela blushes as she realises her skirt has fallen apart revealing
her legs and a little of her dark panties. Mrs Dilton smiles "Don't worry my
dear its nothing I haven't seen before" she says laughing loudly "You go on and
take your time picking what you want, I don't mind one bit". Angela feels a
nervous tremor go through her as she pulls her skirt back into place and quickly
picks a magazine before going to the counter. "I would have thought you'd have
gone for one of those top shelf ones my dear" cackles Mrs Dilton. "Oh no not at
all" Angela stutters trying to laugh it off, but she can't help thinking about
those magazines and Mrs Dilton watching her. "Not like your husband then" says
Mrs Dilton before taking the money . "I dont know what you mean Mrs Dilton,
goodbye" Angela replies before taking her change and retreating to the door
aware all of the time that Mrs Dilton is watching her arse as she leaves the
shop.

Angela returns home shivering nervously, aware that despite being repulsed by
Mrs Dilton's comments she'd often wondered what was in those magazines and Mrs
Dilton had spotted it. Angela feels warm, her bra feels tight, uncomfortable and
she is aware that her nipples are hard. She rubs her breasts with her hands
feeling her nipples harden more, her panties are pulled tight against her pussy,
she squimrs, uncomfortable with these feeling, inevitably her disgust overtakes
her and she forces herself to sit down and read the magazine. After half an hour
she gives up and decides to make some lunch.

Feeling more contented after some lunch, Angela sits back, her legs stretched
out on the sofa and begins to watch TV. The doorbell rings and wondering who it
might be she goes into the hall. Opening the door she sees a woman in her late
20's, dressed smartly in a black two piece suit, split skirt just above her
kneest and cream blouse underneath the jacket. "Hello how can I help you?" asks
Angela "Hi I'm Fiona. I put a note through your door this morning to say I would
be in the area this afternoon. I represent Clothes Direct and we can offer
amazing discounts on top quality clothes. Would you mind if I took a little of
your time explaining what I can do for you?". Angela is put out having been
quite happy watching TV "Erm well its not really great...." she begins to say
before Fiona interupts "Oh now we have some lovely clothes which I know will
look great on you" she says before stepping into the house, level with Angela,
almost touching.

Uncomfortable with the proximity of Fiona she steps back into the house "Well
okay if its only five minutes.........would you like a drink" she says before
retreating to the kitchen. "Oh yes please! I'll just get my things from the
car........and perhaps I can set-up in the lounge then".

By the time Angela returns with the drinks Fiona is sitting in the lounge with
two medium sized cases beside her. As Angela hands Fiona the drink she cant help
but notice how short her skirt is, suddenly realising the centre split is
gapping and she can quite clearly see that Fiona is wearing stockings. Taking a
small gasp and shaking a little she steps back before sitting in the other chair
with her drink. "Mmmmm I'm glad you noticed my skirt Angela. This suit is one of
our top sellers. Everything I'm wearing is from our catalogue let me show you it
properly." Fiona stands, her legs slightly apart, hands on hips, gazing directly
at Angela she slowly turns, her hands sliding up and down her skirt until her
tight arse faces Angela "As you can see the skirt hugs the figure....and
stretches with your body" Fi explains as she slowly leans forward, her skirt
rising revealing the tops of her stockings, she smiles as she looks behind her
and sees Angela's shocked face. Before Angela can reacts she stands up straight
swinging back to face her, unbuttoning the jacket, slipping it off to show her
cream, thin blouse which does nothing to hide the black half cup bra underneath.
"As you can see the jacket is also very good quality" throwing it Angela who has
to catch it and is forced to breath in Fiona's heady perfume. "Erm yes" stutters
Angela as she holds it and tries to concentrate on the jacket...feeling strange,
excited, scared and nervous at the same time. "Why dont you try the suit on
Angela I'm sure it would look great on you" says Fiona.

Desperate to get control of the situation Angela says "Erm well okay but I'm not
sure it will suit me". "Oh of course it will" Fi opens her case and retrieves a
jacket and skirt. "Here you go. Oh no I've not got another blouse you can try
on. I tell you what why dont you try mine I'm sure it would fit!" before Angela
can complain Fi begins to unbutton the blouse. Angela can't tear her eyes away
as Fiona slowly pulls it open, revealing a half cup black, opaque mesh bra.
Breathing heavily she takes the blouse wordlessly from Fiona. "O..O..Ok I'll try
these on upstairs!" says Angela. "No problems dear take your time I've got lots
to show you..." Fiona replies smiling a wicked smile and moving to the smaller
of her cases which she opens, retrieving a small phial of liquid which she drops
into Angela's drink, checking that everything else is in the case ready to
demonstrate to Angela.




Part 2 - Re(s)training Angela.

Angela rushes upstairs eager to try the suit on, disturbed and a little
disgusted by Fiona who's brazen almost flirting nature has made her feel
uncomfortable but nervously excited, like she's never before. She undoes the
clasp on her long skirt letting it fall to the floor before stepping out of it,
she then removes her new top, finally standing just in her white lacy bra and
black satin thong panties. She glances at herself in the mirror and is shocked
to see how red her face is and prominent her nipples are.Trying to calm down she
looks at the clothes she has brought with her. She slips her legs into the skirt
and pulls it up. Its seems tight and much shorter than Fiona's. She tries to
position it so the split isnt obvious, but no matter what she does the skirt
seems to gape open exposing almost all of her leg and only just covering her
panties. Next she reaches for the blouse, still warm from Fiona's body and
smelling of her perfume. She pulls it on, but its obviously too small. She
pauses not sure what to do, but her eagerness to be rid of Fiona and these
disgusting feeling, resigns her to making do. She buttons the blouse as much as
she can but it will barely button midway, bulging open and making her bra clad
breasts obviously visible, lifting them more than normal, her hard nipples
pressing against the thin fabric of her bra and blouse. She pulls on the jacket
doing it up in order to hide the tight fitting blouse. Standing before the
mirror she looks at herself, her breasts are lifted high and still prominent
even with the jacket buttoned, the skirt is tight against her legs with the
split wide open almost cut to her thighs. She is reminded of how slutty Mrs
Dilton looked earlier on. She tries to pull the skirt down but only manages an
inch or so. Resigned to the fact that it wont fit better she decides, with some
trepidation, to go downstairs to show Fiona.

Fiona hears Angela coming back down stairs and smiles to herself, awaiting a
better of view of the young nervous girl, knowing full well that the clothes
will barely fit her. Angela walks into the room looking flustered and obviously
uncomfortable in the clothes. Fiona is standing there hands on hips, her bra
clad breasts with obviously long hard nipples facing Angela. Angela looks up at
Fiona and pauses, unable to avert her gaze from Fiona's breasts. "Erm well what
do you think? I don't really think its my size actually" mumbles Angela. "Oh I
think you look wonderful dear, why dont you give me a twirl". Angela turns
slowly aware that Fiona is watching her every move, shes feels embarassed and
ashamed that she has let this woman into her home. "Thats a good girl and is the
skirt a good fit?" prompts Fiona. "Well.." starts Angela, but before she can
finish "Why dont you bend over and see if it stretches correctly" says Fiona.

Afraid to argue and eager to get the experience over with she leans forward a
little feeling the skirt rise higher on her thighs, aware that moving too much
is going to make the skirt rise even more. Fiona has positioned herself behind
Angela and watches as the skirt rises to reveal Angela's creamy thighs. "mmmmm
excellent" Fiona thinks to herself. "Why dont you let me take a quick picture
for you Angela so that you can see exactly what you look like from behind" Fiona
says smirking, while retrieving a small polaroid camera from her bag. Before
Angela can respond she hears the click of the camera and the flash as Fiona
takes a picture. "Bend over a little more and open your legs wider Angela so
that we check the fit is perfect" Fiona says almost sternly. Without thinking
Angela spreads her legs a little wider. "more Angela my dear and make sure you
bend a little, lean against the wall if you need to" Fiona says. Yet again
feeling flustered and nervous Angela responds widening her legs aware that this
is making the skirt rise more and then bending forward leaning against the wall,
suddenly realising that her panties must be fully exposed yo Fiona's gaze. Fiona
smiles as Angela widens her stance and leans against the wall bending over more.
"Good she's responding to my commands already" Fiona thinks to herself. Fiona
lifts her hand and rubs her nipple through her bra as she watches Angela skirt
rise to reveal her satin black panties, tight against her crotch outlining her
pussy lips quite clearly with wisps oh hair obvious at the edges. "Click!" and
Angela hears the camera again as Fiona take another picture of her in this
exposed position. "Thats lovely dear, you can stand up now. Oh and I do love
those satin panties!" says Fiona. Angela feels a warm flush go through her body
as she stands again. Fiona stands beside her with the photos in her hand. "See I
think the skirt fits wonderfully, dont you?" says Fiona gliding closer to Angela
her nipples rubbing against Angela's arm.

Angela looks at the pictures feeling flushed and hot with Fiona standing so
close, watching her reaction. They remind her of the top shelf magazines she
glanced at earlier, her arse pushed out and in the second one her panties
clearly visible. "Oh I'm not sure! I really shouldn't have done that. They dont
really fit". "Oh I think your wrong, now why dont you take that jacket off so we
can see the blouse". Before she can respond Fiona steps in front of her and
undoes the jacket pushing it off Angela's shoulders but leaving her arms in it,
almost restraining her. "mmmmmmm that looks lovely and your breasts really fill
it out" Fiona says. Angela is anxious as she cannot move her arms to cover her
body and is well aware that her nipples are hard and pressing against the
blouse. "Oh and is that a lovely bra I see there as well? lets have a look shell
we" says Fiona. Angela begins to protest as Fiona reaches up to undo the first
button but is powerless to stop her "Please no" she whimpers but Fiona continues
onto the second button which releases her bra clad breasts. "Mmmmmmm now that is
nice underwear" says Fiona as she strokes the lacy bra just grazing Angela's
hard nipples causing them to grow more and for Angela to shiver uncontrollably,
"but I'm sure I have something much nicer in my case. Lets remove your jacket
and blouse and I can see what we have for you". She takes the jacket off Angela.
Angela is so relieved that her arms are free that she doesnt complain. Fiona
pushes her blouse back removing, it her own breasts rubbing tantalisingly
against Angelas. " Now why dont you have a drink while I see what we have".

Glad to step away from Fiona, Angela takes her glass and drinks its contents not
noticing the slightly bitter taste. "Now take a seat and let me see what we
have" says Fiona in a stern voice again. Angela sits down quickly trying to
cover her chest. Fiona fusses in her case for 5 minutes waiting for the contents
of the drink to take effect. Angela's suddenly feels very warm and a little
muzzy headed. Her arms feel heavy and shes not sure what Fiona is doing, but all
of a sudden she doesn't feel stressed or care too much. She's aware that she is
staring at Fiona's arse and can see her panties under her skirt, but it no
longer worries her and she just feels a little excited.

Fiona's glances back seeing the change in Angela's expression. "Ahh dear I see
your relaxing a little. Now what do you think to these" says Fiona holding up a
diaphonous flimsy black bra which quite clearly has the nipples cut out and a
black pair of mesh thong panties similarly see through. Angela fighting her
drugged state knows they are somehow wrong but simply smiles and says "nice".
"Thats a good girl Angela now why dont you try them on. Stand up and let me help
you" says Fiona. Angela stands shakily to her feet. Fiona smiles seeing that the
girl is now totally in her control. She undoes the clasp on the skirt and
watches it fall to the floor able for the first time to see Angela glorious body
fully. She notices how firm Angelas body is and how it is obviously becoming
aroused from the rosey flush on Angela's face and her pert hard nipples. She
takes another photo and then moves towards Angela reaching behind her to unclip
her bra and letting it fall to the floor. Angela stands dazed simply smiling and
unable to do anything even though she is trying to resist and making small pleas
of "No". Moving swiftly Fiona takes the waist band of Angela's panties and
slides them down her legs, sniffing the fragrance eminating from her pussy as
she does so. "Mmmm what a lovely hot body you have my dear and oh what fun I am
going to have molesting you". She steps forward cupping one of Angela's breasts
flicking the nipple with her thumb, pleased at the response as it hardens
further. She steps back resisting the temptation to touch Angela further knowing
that she will have only a hazzy memory of this and wanting to make sure that she
is fully aware of what is going on when she does molest her. Wanting to hear her
begging for her to stop before she sucumbs and begins to beg for more.

She takes the new bra and clips it behind Angela's back before pulling the cups
into place. Squeezing and pulling her nipples through the cut outs. Next she
takes the panties, pulling them tight against Angela's crotch, Fiona noticing
that while a little puffy Angela is not yet fully aroused making later even
better. As a final touch Fiona pulls Angela's hair back putting it into two
schoolgirl pony tails and applies bright red lipstick, finishing it off by
applying it to her nipples. She stands back looking at Angela transformed into a
nice slutty little girl wearing slutty underwear all ready for her next lesson.
"Now ,don't you look pretty Angela! why don't we go upstairs so that you can see
what you look like in a full mirror and then you can have a little lie down" say
Fiona as she lightly spanks Angela's arse. She reaches into her case removing a
small collar and chain attaching it quickly to the drugged Angela she picks up
the case and then leads Angela by the chain and collar towards the stairs.




Part 3 - Controlling Angela

Angela feels the tug on the chain and moves forward following Fiona towards the
stairs, unable to stop herself or to protest but aware that something is wrong
as the drug's effect slowly begin to wear off. Fiona smiles gleefully as Angela
follows her, the sight of the young woman sending perverse thrills through her
body, her pussy rubbing deliciously against the crotch of panties, her clit
hardening and musky juices seeping into them.

Fiona leads Angela into the main bedroom standing her before the full length
mirror. Still drugged Angela initially struggles to recognise the girl who
stands before her dressed in sluty underwear, her nipples smeared with lipstick
and looking like a naughty schoolgirl with her hair in pigtails. Slowly
recognition sets in and Angela gasps stumbling backwards still dazed, only to
come up against Fiona who holds her firmly against her, whispering into her ear
"Now who's a very pretty girl" as she runs her hands up Angelas body tweaking
and pinching her nipples causing Angela to arch her back as the drug hightened
feelings sweep her body. "Now why dont you pose nicely for me dear while I take
another photo in that lovely underwear" as Fi positions Angela, spreading her
legs and putting one hand on her hips. "Now look straight at the camera my dear"
says Fiona as Angela struggles to resist, more aware of what is going on now as
the drug begins to wear off.

Fiona noticing this quickly moves to Angela's side. "Now dear why don't you have
a lie down and a little sleep. Then you'll be much more refreshed for later".
Still under the suggestive powers of the drug Angela allows herself to be guided
to the bed. Sinking into the familiar quilt and despite not being able to shake
off the need to resist Fiona, she relaxes, her fluttering eyes close, unaware of
Fiona standing beside the bed letting her hand slide down her body, gliding over
her panty covered mound.

Once she is sure that Angela is sleeping soundly Fiona begins to prepare for the
next step in Angela's slow descent into becoming her little slave. She reaches
behind herself and undoes the clasp on her own short skirt letting it fall to
the floor. She steps out of the skirt, looking at herself in the mirror. Her
nipples are full and hard, surrounded by dark brown aureoles. Spreading her legs
wide she reaches down to stroke her fully aroused pussy through her own soaking
panties bringing her fingers back to her face to smell the sweet musky smell of
her own juices before moving to the bed and gently smearing those same juices
across Angela's lovely mouth. Angela mumbles, her mouth opening slightly,
obviously tasting the juices but does not wake.

Fiona moves to her case and removes two sets of padded cuffs. She moves the
sleeping Angela to the centre of the bed. First stretching her arms above her
head before attaching the cuffs firmly to the bedposts. Next she moves to
Angela's legs, pulling them wide, smelling the fragrance that Angela sprayed as
she got dressed that morning, she blows gently on her panty covered crotch
pleased at the way her full lips - still closed but now flushed and prominent -
twitch and swell. She quickly attaches each cuff to the girl's ankles and then
to the foot of the bed. Finished she picks up the camera and takes numerous
picture of Angela lying spread eagled and helpless on the bed.

Putting the camera to one side she goes back to the case removing a number of
items needed for the next stage of her training. She moves to the bed, standing
looking down at Angela sleeping body. She picks up a jockey whip, about a foot
long, with a wrapped leather piece at the end.  She brings it to Angela's left
breast slowly twirling the leather whip around her now soft nipple before moving
to her right breast and doing the same. "Wakey wakey my dear" she calls as she
begins to gently whip each nipple back and forth noticing how they begin to
harden. Angela in her dozed state feels tiny shocks run through her body,
hearing a "whoosh" from somewhere.

Fiona smiles as Angela begins to wake. "Hello my dear! I see your waking up".
She whips Angela's nipples harder leaving small red marks either side of her now
rapidly hardening nipples. Angela opens her eyes, suddenly awake, looking down
to see her nipples poking through tight black peephole bra, red and hot. Looking
up she moans in fear and horror as she sees Fiona smiling and moving the whip
back and forth. She tries to pull her arms down and suddenly realises that she
is totally incapacitated. "No!" she tries to scream but it comes out far quieter
than expected. "Oh yes my dear and look how your lovely body is responding".
Gathering herself Angela screams louder "Stop it you bitch, please! Your
perverted". Fiona whips her harder "Be quiet my girl otherwise I can make it
hurt a lot more". Angela bites her lip not wanting it to hurt harder but also
aware and ashamed of the tingling feelings running through her body. Feelings
that she's never experienced before.

Pleased by her silence and feeling fully in control Fiona puts the whip down. "
Mmmmmm such pretty pert nipples Angela all lovely and red with lipstick just
asking to be kissed" she says as she lowers her mouth to Angela's left nipple,
sucking it into her mouth, savouring the briny taste. Angela arches her back,
her breast on fire as perverse feelings flood through her "Aggghhhhh". Fiona
continues to flick her tongue over Angela's nipples, teasing it with her teeth,
pulling it, and causing it to swell even more. Pulling away she moves to
Angela's other breast teasing it and sucking it with her mouth whilst she
continues to tweak Angela's other nipples. Angela tries to fight her feelings
but it is impossible as wave after wave of pleasure hits her 'oooooooohh God'
she screams. Fiona pulls her mouth away but continues to tweak her nipples with
her finger. "Quite vocal aren't you my dear," she asks. "Please stop it. This is
wrong," replies Angela. "Oh but your body is telling me something entirely
different my dear" says Fiona as pulls and pinches Angela's nipples. Arching hr
back a gasp coming from her lips.

Fiona reaches for a tube of gel beside her and smears it around the girl's
aureoles. "mmm all lovely and shiny" she says. Next she reaches for two small,
plastic cups with a tube running from each one to a rubber pump. "Now my dear
your nipples are lovely and long but I'm sure we can get them to new lengths"
she laughs as she places one cup one each breast covering Angela's already hard
nipples. She press the pump a couple of times causing each cup to seal against
Angela's breast. Angela panics straining against the cuffs, pushing her breasts
out. "mmm what a lovely site you are" says Fiona pressing the rubber pump a few
more times watching Angela's nipples swell slightly as the vacuum forces blood
into them. Angela feels her breasts tingling all over, her nipples being
stretched. "Oh my god please stop," she almost screams. Fiona laughs and swings
her legs over Angela's stomach squatting over her. "Oh my dear but we've only
just started. I want them an inch long before so that they're fully sensitive.
But of course it might be a little painful at first and we don't want to disturb
the neighbours do we." She puts the pump and down reaching behind and releasing
her breasts and pinching her own nipples. "Don't you think they are lovely my
dear". Angela moans and begins to shake her head. Fiona picks up the pump
pressing it a few more times. The pressure begins to swell Angela's nipples even
more, noticeably elongating them, making them cherry red. Angela can feel a
sharp pain through her breasts. "Ooooh" she begins to scream, but before she can
continue Fiona leans forward pushing her own teat inside Angela's open mouth.
"Now my dear this should keep you quiet. Why don't you see how hard you can make
mine?" Angela surprised and shocked as her mouth is filled with hot titty tries
to move her head but cannot do anything. Fiona pinches her nose so that she is
unable to breath. "Now my dear why don't you start sucking my lovely nipple"
says Fiona. Angela panicking because she can't breath takes Fiona's spongy hard
nipples between her teeth rubbing her tongue over it feeling its hardness and
feeling the way it grows as she gently sucks it. She can't help but feel a
thrill at the taste and texture of Fiona's lovely nipple. Fiona releases the
pressure on her nose as Angela begins to respond, pressing the rubber pump more,
watching as Angela's nipples continue to stretch inside the small cups. "mmmm
there coming along lovely now my dear just a few more pumps I think". The pain
has subsided to be replaced by a tingling almost pleasurable sensation. Fiona
removes her teat from Angela mouth smiling at her disappointment as it is
removed. "Don't worry my dear I have another one here for you" she says as she
pushes her other breast in Angela's mouth feeling Angela begin to suck and tease
it instantly. Fiona pushes the pump twice more. Angela's nipples swell slightly
more, now at lest an inch long.

Letting Angela continue to suck her nipple Fiona removes one of the nipple cups
sliding a small ring over the nipple and tightening it to keep the pressure and
length within the nipple. She repeats the procedure with Angela's other breast
and then sits back onto Angela pulling her teat from Angela's mouth. Fiona sees
almost disappointment cross her face as she does this. "Oh my dear were you
enjoying that?" she asks Angela. Angela just whimpers and manages to
unconvincingly shake her head. She then looks down at her owns breasts seeing
her grossly extended nipples. "That's right my dear don't they look lovely, Why
don't you taste them now" says Fiona lifting Angela's right breast towards her
mouth. Angela wets her lips, nervous, but then lust overtakes her and she
greedily sucks at her own extended nipple, pleasure ripping through her body.

Confident of her control Fiona releases one of Angela's cuffs placing Angela's
hand underneath her breast so that she can continue to suckle her own nipple.
"Now that is being a good girl. Lets see how turned on you really are". Fiona
turns around so that she is facing Angela's spread legs. "Mmmm what a lovely
view my dear" says Fiona watching as Angela's pussy lips begin to swell
puckering open slightly, juices beginning to flow as she sucks her own nipple.
Fiona takes a slim finger vibrator from beside her and without turning it on
begins to slide it up and down Angela's pantied covered slit. Angela's pussy
begins to flower open, her clit beginning to harden and juices now starting to
ooze and soak her panties. "mmmmmmm how wonderful my dear and what a lovely
smell" says Fiona as she breathes in deeply smelling Angela's musky juices.
Angela bucks slightly, moaning, undeniably excited now but knowing that this is
all so wrong. "Don't fight it dear just enjoy it" says Fiona.

Fiona pulls the ties at the side of Angela's panties allowing her to remove them
without untying her, revealing at last her hot juicy pussy. "Mmmmmmm am I going
to have fun with this," thinks Fiona. Fiona turns to face Angela. "Now
unfortunately my dear I'm going to have to restrain you again." Fiona pulls
Angela's hand away from her breast, watching as Angela tries but fails to lick
her enlarged nipple which is now just out of reach. Angela moans in frustration
and pleasure as Fiona re-attaches her hand to the cuff. "Oh aren't those nipples
truly wonderful" Fiona says as she tweaks them both very hard causing Angela to
arch her back. Angela begins to speak but before she can says anything Fiona
brings her soaking panties to her face. "Breath in my dear smell those lovely
juices," she says before forcing the panties into Angela's mouth. Angela gags at
the taste of her own pissy musky juices trying to force the panties out of her
mouth. Fiona spanks Angela's breasts. "Now my dear let me see you suck those
panties clean otherwise no more tity suck for you!" she says smiling. Angela
begins to lick and suck her panties, gagging a little first but soon enjoying
the taste and texture of her own juices disgustingly wondering what Fiona's
might taste like.

Facing Angela's pussy again Fiona runs the pencil thin vibrator along each of
her swollen lips watching as her pussy starts to pump more and more juices which
run down her thighs and soak into the quilt. She notices Angela's clit
continuing to harden like a tiny cock, but still nestled under its little hood.
She turns the vibrator on and begins to play it over Angela's little clit
pleased at the way it grows and sticks out prominently begging to be sucked.
Angela bucks underneath her every time the vibrator brushes her clit directly
causing her to lift her arse from the bed giving Fiona a nice view of her
clenched puckered ass. Moaning into her dirty panties Angela is in ecstasy
unable to believe the feelings going through her body or how being degraded by
Fiona is making her pussy ooze juices uncontrollably.

Fiona realising that Angela is nearing the point of no return turns to face
Angela and removes the panties from her mouth. "My dear little Angela do you
have something to tell me". Angela with her last vestiges of resistance whispers
"N.N.no ". Fiona reaches behind her letting her finger play over Angela's clit
watching the young girls face as the pleasure sweeps over her. "Tell me my dear
what you want me to do. I want you to tell me you're a dirty little girl slut
and that you will do anything I tell you". Angela's whispers "Please." but is
unable to resist the burning heat in her body and faltering says  "I'm a dirty
little girl slut who needs punishing and will do anything you want Mistress".
Fiona smiles with triumph "and tell me exactly what you want my dear". "God I
need you to tweak my clit and suck my pussy....... Please" screams Angela.

Satisfied with the young girl Fiona kneels above Angela's pussy before lowering
her tongue and sweeping it along Angela's slit savouring the first taste of her
virgin lesbian lips and sweet juices. Angela squirms as Fiona licks her and then
begins to shudder as Fiona teases her clit with her tongue before sucking it
between her lips making it swell even more. She turns the vibrator to full power
and begins to fuck Angela's soaking slit as she continues to bite and chew her
clit causing Angela both ecstasy and pain. Angela bucks and grinds underneath
Fiona, her orgasm mounting quickly.

Feeling Angela's orgasm mounting Fiona reaches to her side pulling the strings
at the side of her own now soaking panties. She swiftly removes them, her now
fully aroused pussy, flushed and facing Angela. Angela in her ecstasy does not
see Fiona remove her panties and only realises something is happening as she
feels Fiona slide back towards her. She looks up only to see Fiona's sopping wet
dripping pussy above her slowly being lowered towards her face. Despite her
heightened arousal a small wave of disgust goes through her, as she smells
Fiona's hot musky juices. She tries to move but can't as Fiona lowers her pussy
onto her face covering her nose and mouth with her pink pussy lips. Angela keeps
her mouth shut but knows she must open it at some point just to breath. Fiona's
juices run down the side of her face and into her hair. Fiona happy with the
position lowers her mouth back to Angela's pussy nipping her hard clit with her
teeth causing Angela to gasp, open her mouth and receive a flood of Fiona's
juices.

Gagging slightly as the thick hot juices run into her mouth and down her throat,
Angela tries to move her head, heightening Fiona's pleasure even more as her
mouth rub's over Fiona's hard clit. Fiona can feel her own orgasm mounting and
double's her efforts feeling Angel arch her pussy against her mouth. More
pleasing to Fiona is the fact that she can feel Angela, her mouth now covered
with Fi's hot pussy beginning to slowly lick and eat her juices.

Fiona suddenly feels Angela's hot pussy lips contract around her tongue, her
orgasm overtaking her, lifting her body from the bed as the waves of pleasure
sweep through her. Unable to stop herself Fiona feels Angela push her dart like
tongue deep within her own pussy, all that is need to unleash a torrent sweet
sticky pussy juices into Angela's mouth. Unable to swallow quickly enough the
juices flow over her face. Fiona collapse onto Angela grinding her pussy into
her mouth at the same time gently tweaking Angela's clit teasing the maximum
pleasure from this young girls orgasm.

Angela lies still having passed out from her intense orgasm. Fiona rises from
the bed, looks down at the sleeping girl, her new little slave and smiles. She
unties Angela, removing the nipple clamps. She tidies up the now soiled
underwear, but leaving her own wet panties under Angela's pillow. She dresses
quickly, making sure she looks prim and smart in the mirror before picking up
her cases and going downstairs. She opens the door and leaves thinking "mmmmm
now what can I line up for my little girl next..........."

To Be Continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jake Cutler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





