BDSM Library - Four Rapes and My Funeral




Four Rapes and My Funeral
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Can lighting strike a person twice? This happened to her four times. She couldn't stand it any more. But the same thing came again...
Another story from Pagan

                          Four Rapes and My Funeral  1



Well here I am Rachael Townsend,I,m told very attractive,,just turned thirty,I
should be looking forward to a merry Christmas and happy life but I,m in a car
over looking a field that slopes down to a fence then a small bush then a three
hundred foot drop to the sea below and all I have to do is take off the hand
brake,there's no-one around just me and my unborn child of two months,that's the
problem,my  husband has a low sperm count and he will know it`s not his and I
don`t know ether,it`s father is one of four or maybe five men I don`t no,well
again that`s not quite true ether.

You think lighting does`nt strike twice or three times lucky but what about
four,how could it happen four times in my life, still that's my funeral or may
be if I take this hand brake off,I can`t beleave it all started so innocently on
a train journey to the coast many years ago.

I was going to stay with a friend over Halloween weekend,it was her 14th
birthday,she was two weeks older than me, I was hoping she would come back with
me to enjoy my birthday.I boarded the 3.44 train and settled back for the three
hour journey,it was very quite on the train,I had a compartment all to
myself,there were only three stops before the straight through to the coast so I
hoped it would stay that way,no-one got on at the first or the second but the
third,four youths got in,I hated the thought of sharing these compartments with
anyone let alone four foul mouthed youths but the tickets were checked, doors
closed and we were off,next stop the coast.

I laid back and thought of how nice the weekend was going to be, the Trick or
Treating tomorrow night, the hot punch, the fun of being with an old friend, all
the catching up we had to do,I hadn`t noticed that my skirt had slid up my leg a
little and that the rocking of the train had made me a little sleepy and my legs
had parted a bit, it wasn`t till I opened my eyes and saw two of the youths had
lifted my skirt, trying to look up, that I realised how alone I was.The other
two had a girly magazine and where giggling at the nudes,one said,"Ah Ted you
get to see sleeping beauties cunt,did it look like this furry fuck hole,"Ted
looked at me then back,"No she closed her leg`s but she has pink knickers on and
I could see the outline of her slit, it sure looked tasty,"I pulled my skirt
down and pushed back into the seat,Ted spoke again,"Billy,why don`t  you ask her
if we can see her twat,it`s a long way to the coast, it would be something to
play with."

I went to get up and got immediately pushed back down,"Ah Phil don`t hurt the
twat she won`t play if we arn`t gentlemen,want to fuck sweetheart,want some hard
dick up that slit of yours"they were all laughing at me, I told them to pack it
up and behave or I would pull the cord,"The only pulling you will be doing is my
dick,"another round of loud laughter,"Come on then Gerry lets have her knickers
off and see some twat,"they all started to surround me, as I put my hands out to
stop them they were held and pushed back pinning me to the back of the seat and
hands were on my knees,I made one last attempt to stop them,"Leave me alone our
I,ll scream," that was useless as a hand went over my mouth and Ted said,"The
only screaming you will do is on the end of my cock,"

Hands were all over me,pushing up my skirt,undoing the buttons on my top to get
into my bra,I was trying to bite the hand covering my mouth,Ted said,"Fucking
hell the bitch is trying to bite me,have a look in her bag for something to gag
her with,"Phil stopped trying to get into my knickers and pulled my bag from
under the seat,searching through the bag he found some knickers and a thin belt
and as Ted held my head my spare knickers were pushed into my mouth and the belt
was wound round three times then buckled tight,"Now fucking bite me,"Ted said as
he grinned at me.

Phil now had Ted to help him and I soon felt his fingers inside my pants as
other fingers pinched at my nipples,suddenly the words that brought terror to
me,"Billy keep a look out while we get her knickers off and give her one I want
to fuck her,"Billy went to the door looked up and down turned and shook his
head,"Ted,Phil get her down on the floor it`s fucking time,ready bitch, ready
for a twat dance on my dick,"I looked at them I was making all sorts noises into
the gag and shaking my head,Gerry looked at me,"You still a virgin,ain`t you"I
nodded,"You want to stay a virgin,don`t you"I nodded,"You do as we say then we
will let you stay a virgin,deal,"I nodded.

Ted grabbed him,"What the fuck you on,shes fucking gorges and I want to fuck the
bitch and have some seconds,"Gerry looked at him,"Listen wanker,you well get
your load off but only if we are good to her, then she will be grateful,won`t
you love,you want to stay cherry don`t you,"I was in no position to argue,I
nodded,"Good we understand each other,Billy still all clear,"he turned and
nodded,"O K  bitch up on your knees we take the gag out,if you scream,you,ve not
much chance of being heard and then we all fuck you,if you stay quite you don`t
get fucked but you do suck cock all the way,understand,"I just looked at
him,"UNDERSTAND,I looked away,"Good and we get to play with your tit`s and have
a feel up your skirt,well that's only fair on the one`s, who`s cocks ain`t in
your mouth,unless your a cleaver girl and can suck four at a time".

The three of them stood or sat round me,I felt fingers undoing the buckle and
taking off the belt,as  my knickers were pulled out of my mouth Gerry made a
fist and drew back so I swallowed and looked away,"Good girl,she wants to keep
her pretty looks,"Gerry said and started to make the first move.He sat on the
seat and pulled me forward and down,"O K you know where it is get it out and get
them lips round it,"all their eyes stared at me as I fumbled for his zip,I undid
his trousers and put my hand in,I had no idea what to do, all I knew was what
girls had said and pictures I had seen,but I daren`t let these four know,I felt
it in his pants and slowly pulled it out,oh god I had to put that in my
mouth,Ted came down behind me,"Kiss the tip first then start sucking,don`t worry
about me I going to play with your tit`s,"I felt sick as I pouted my lips and
kissed the end of his cock as I did I felt my jumper being pulled up and then my
bra until my breasts were free for the hands to start mauling, squeezing and
pulling them,then, as if I had no say in what they could do to my body another
hand started up under my skirt,crawling up my naked inner thigh and I knew it
wouldn`t stop until it found it`s prize.

I could just about manage the tip of his cock in my mouth and I tried
masturbating him with my hand as I sucked at the end but that was not enough for
him and things got too much for me,he grabbed my hand away saying,"If I want a
fucking wank I,ll asked for one,I want a fucking blow-job and he grabbed each
side of my head and pulled it hard down on his cock at the same time he shoved
his hips forward jamming his cock into my throat,hands were every where on my
breasts and inside my knickers and I was crying and chocking as he came in my
mouth,I fought to pull away as he shot his load and most of his juice splattered
my face and clothes,as I was coughing and trying to breath Gerry and Billy
changed places and in moments I was choking on Billy hard cock.

Billy pulled my head back but still kept his cock firmly in my mouth,"Look girly
you better get used to this for the next few hours or we will fuck you,I have
this picture in my head of you with your hands tied behind you,gagged and
rolling round the floor while each of us take turns fucking you so unless you
want that picture to become reality, start sucking and start sucking good."For
the next hour I sucked each one of them while they played with my tit`s and
fingered my pussie,although in the past I had  a few boyfriends who had touched
my breasts and put their hand up my skirt, this was the first time anything like
this had been forced up-on me and when Phil got to lay between my legs and kiss
my pussie,I felt something,something strange,it was made more by the fact I was
helpless and couldn`t stop them.

It was while Ted was on look out that the conductor approached,I was hurriedly
dressed and forced into a corner while Gerry pretended to be my boyfriend and
was snogging with me when the conductor arrived,thank god he knew something was
wrong and he made an excuse that my ticket was wrong and he moved me,I said
nothing but he knew something had happened he gave me tea and made me feel at
home in the guards area until we got too our destination I saw my friends dads
car and made a dash for it and soon I was in the safety of their home and
feeling ashamed of what had happened and not wanting anything to spoil the
weekend I didn`t say a word after all I was still a virgin and I,d lived to tell
the tale.

Halloween night arrived and I had put the thoughts of yesterday out of my
mind,we were dressing ready for Trick or Treat,they had got me a sexy witch
outfit,little three inch heeled black boots,fishnet tights with silk
pants,ragged short skirt,black blouse and little pointed hat,I thought, Am I
sexy or what,I got some stares as we went out.We were having great fun door
knocking and I was doing well with my treats,then we split up to do ether side
of a street,I was at a house when I saw the four youths from the train,I
panicked and ran up a street as fast as I could hiding in door ways I was sure
they had seen me,I darted down an ally and out onto a dimly lit road,I thought
calm down, go down turn left, then right and I,ll be back with Sandra as I
walked down there was a big black van a man in a mask was moving things around
inside as I walked by he shouted Trick or Treat I laughed back,"Treat of
course,"looking at him not where I was going and suddenly I was grabbed and
pushed back towards the van, he lent forward took my arms and some-one pushed me
and I landed in the van and the door closed, a hand held my throat hard down on
the floor,squeezing until I passed out.

A  jolt of a moving van brought me back to my senses,I felt a hand on my leg
running up and down between them touching me  and playing with my pussie over
the silk panties,I couldn`t see as tape was over my eyes and there was lots more
tape over my mouth,my hands were taped in front of me and I was laying on my
back,"Oh your back with us,"a voice said,"We had almost given up looking for a
pretty thing to play with, then you came along,the first thing I saw was these
lovely legs,I couldn`t take my eyes off them as you came round that corner,I
thought then I had to have some of those and here you are all tied up and ours
to play with in an old barn we know,won`t take us long  to get there then we can
strip you and see want you really look like,I like pretty girls like you
naked,you are so soft and nice,my friend will make you do nice things to me and
make me feel good".

Oh no a half wit and I,m at his mercy,the van lurched and bounced to a stand
still he moved away from me as the door opened and another voice said,"Hope you
have not be playing with her,I want her nice a fresh when we strip her,"I was
pulled out the van,I could smell timber and the damp of the night,there was a
creaking noise and then I knew I was being taken into a farm building,a hand
held me and barked an order,"Get the rope out of the van and don`t forget the
pole,can`t have this little lady able to close her legs on us,"I turned towards
the voice and shock my head,moaning through the gag,"See she agrees with me she
does`nt want to close her leg`s,she want`s us to play with her,but that`s after
we get your clothes off." 

The tape on my wrist was cut but who-ever was holding me was very strong and
soon my blouse and bra had been removed and a rope was holding them together
again,I was dragged till I must have been under a beam because suddenly the rope
jerked and my arms were pulled upwards and held,I was shaking my head and
kicking out but to no avail,I felt the zip on my skirt go down and then my skirt
and pants along with the fishnet tights were pulled down to my boots, the boots
taken off, as were my clothes and then the boots replaced my exposure was
complete when my ankles were tied to a pole about four feet wide and my
attackers said,"Now ain`t that a pretty sight,all strung up and ready for some
fucking,I think I,ll have her cunt first."

There was another noise and I heard,"Where`s that fucking dog come from,get him,
tie him to that hook,kick it if it gets nasty,"it didn`t and the dim one seemed
very nice to it but I had other problems as I felt some-one in front of me and
hands on my up stretched breasts,"Nice tit`s,don`t mind me I,m just going to
give your nipples a going over with my mouth while my fingers tickle your
cunt,oh you smell nice," and I felt his mouth on my breasts then fingers again
on my pussie,how could this happen to me two days in a row.

After he had finished playing with my tit`s the moment I had dreaded came as I
heard him moving in front of me he was getting undressed,I felt his naked flesh
on mine as his hand cupped my bottom and he pulled my hips forward I made one
last futile gesture of shaking my head and moaning as his cock made contact
between my legs,"Ready for a good fucking,can`t wait to get in this purt little
cunt of your`s,I bet you can`t wait for my fat cock in you ether, nothing better
than a good fucking between friends is there,we are friends arn`t we,"

I felt him trying to get in me I stamped from one foot to the other the pole
making imposable to escape,"Go on baby dance and wriggle for me,lets have some
real fun,fucking should be fun,,Jesus your cunts tight and dry,guess I need a
bit of spit on the end of my boner,"I heard him spit and then the wet end of his
cock was back trying to push in,slowly I felt it going in then a sharp pain tore
through me,I was no longer a virgin and the small amount of blood must have been
enough to wet his cock as it pushed the rest of the way in, eagerly starting
slowly at first to fuck me then getting faster I could smell his breath as he
rammed himself into me faster and faster until he held me very tight and for the
first time in my life a man had fucked me he pulled out and I felt his cream
spurt all over my hairs and down my legs,I just hung there waiting for him to
finish covering me.

I didn`t care after that, the second man pushed into me, his cock was bigger
than the last and he fucked me for, I don`t know how long before a second load
was covering me,my mind was in a daze until the first one came up behind me and
whispered in my ear,"I think you were virgin and I had it, which only means one
thing,I bet your ass-hole is tight too,you going to let me find out,I don`t
think you can stop me fucking this cute ass and I,ve got those lovely pointy
tit`s to hang on to while I do it,brace yourself baby,I,ll get my cock wet up
your cunt then it`s bugger the pretty baby time,"

Oh god it hurt so much as he fucked it in so hard,squeezing my tit`s and pulling
my nipples while he squirmed himself around in my poor bottom, he kept telling
me how much he was enjoying fucking my virgin ass,he said," To think we nearly
missed you, another five minutes and we would have driven back to our own
town,what a waste of two virgin holes that would have been",as he carried on
violating me he said,"You don`t mind me slowing down to make it last do you it
such a nice snug fit,"it seemed to go on for ever, I was so relieved when I felt
him empty himself into my ass,we just hung there,me in my ropes, him hanging
onto my breasts still buried up me.

The dim one fucked my pussie again and another load of sperm was splat over mt
hair`s before they prepared to leave,I was so distraught that I did`nt care, I
heard them dress and get the van sorted then a voice close by,"Listen girly,you
are tied up over a beam with the rope down to a hook on the floor,we are going
to put a candle under the rope and light it after a while it will burn through
the rope and you will be able to release yourself,then if you go out of the barn
turn left about twenty yards there is a path back across the field to the
village,we will be long gone by then so I don`t think we will meet again,thanks
for the fuck, your cunt and ass are great,don`t let any-one tell you
different,thanks again and by the way,don`t move if you want the candle to
work."with that he gave my bottom,breasts and pussie another squeeze and I heard
them getting into the van."Untie the dog,"he shouted and I heard the dim one
come back,release the dog,get back in the van and go,I was left in silence with
just the smell of burning.

I kept gently pulling on the rope to see if it would give, all it did was
tighten the slip knot on my wrists,I heard the dog padding around then I jumped
as a wet nose touched my pussie then a tongue licked at it, the tongue went up
and down my inner thigh where their semen and some of my juice had run,I felt
the tongue all over the tops of my legs and then going in to my pussie,I had a
funny feeling,there was I tied and helpless as this dog took full advantage of
my position and I was getting wetter and the dog was enjoying the taste as he
licked at me more and more,it was becoming a vicious circle the more he licked
the wetter I got and the wetter I got the more he licked,I found myself pulling
hard down on the rope trying to get the dogs tongue further in me,I was bending
my knees out opening myself,letting it have easy access to my pussie more and
more for this degusting act,I was getting very horney and excited when the rope
snapped.

I fell forward the dog must have jumped out of the way as I landed on my
front,knocking the wind out of me,with my legs still held wide open as I got my
breath back the dog had gone behind me and returned to licking my pussie and I
didn`t stop him,I slid my bound hands down to my pussie and wanked myself
playing with my clit until I came with a fantastic orgasm,spurting juice allover
my hands and the tops of my legs.I had never felt anything like it,I pulled
myself together,managed to sit up and ripped my gag off also the tape over my
eyes,I still had the pole holding my legs apart as I set to, with my teeth, to
loosen the rope on my wrists,while I was doing that the dog began sniffing the
tops of my legs and soon he was licking at me again he worked his way over the
top of my leg then licking my hair`s back towards my pussie I went to push him
away but I couldn`t, as soon as his tongue touched my pussie I laid back and let
him do his best to bring me to another fantastic orgasm.

I untied myself and dressed,sure enough they had told me the right way back and
I found myself heading for Sandra`s home thinking of an excuse for being out
alone so late,how about, I meet up with four friends from the train and they
insisted on taking me for a cola,what's the point of telling the truth,I
couldn`t tell my parent`s,they would never let me out again,I never saw their
faces,they didn`t beat me,it would be their word against mine,I didn`t want to
go to court after all a lot of girls my age arn`t virgins and my doggy won`t
tell on me and I,ve lived to tell the tale.

                                               THERES MORE IN PART TWO

                                                         PAGAN




                          Four Rapes and My Funeral  2

It was wonderful to have been asked down to the coast to stay with my friend,she
wanted company that weekend,her parents where going to some big do something to
do with twinning celebrations and she did`nt want to be alone besides I had`nt
seen her for ages and it would be fun, a girly thing.

I arrived at the house at lunch time and got well feed,before the parents taxi
arrived to take them away,we locked all the doors and started to gossip about
each other you know how 16 yr old girls do, it was then she showed me four
bottles of wine she had stashed away this was going to be a fun night.

For the first few hours we sipped our wine and talked of silly things but as the 
wine took hold are chat got to personal problems and sex and boys,all the things
that do and don`t turn us on and not used to drinking, the wine seemed to make
it easier to talk and we got to our most secret things,she did`nt know much
about sex so her`s were more, what she thought rather than did,I told her my big
problem.

I started by telling her about Agony Aunts I had written to, about my unusual
problem,she was eager to hear and the wine made it easy to talk,I blurted out,"I
like bondage,I get very excited at the thought of being tied up and
helpless,there I said it are you shocked,"she said,"No, go on tell me more,"I
felt better,of course I was not going to tell her how it had started,that was my
secret,  I continued,"I have tied myself up and even gagged me,done some lose
tying to my hands and you know, rubbed myself on things like pillows and
such,"she looked at me,"Did you cum when you rubbed yourself,"with a smile I
said,"Yes."

She was intrigued she would`nt stop asking questions,how did I like being
tied,what did I think about, did I gag myself tight,what was my favorite postion
she went on untill the middle of the afternoon,then she said," Should we try
it",she was up for it,I thought was I,the drink made me say,"Yes".

We hunted round for ropes, tape,cloth,her father even had a pair of handcuffs
and we went up to our room,it had a big double bed we girls didn`t mind sharing
and we laid the stuff out on the bed,"Whats next,"she asked.

"Let me experiement with you,I must see what you like,"and I started to tie her
legs,first her ankles and then just above the knee,she squirmed,then I crossed
her arms behind her and tied a rope to one wrist across the front and to the
other,what I called a reverse straight jacket,"Gag me,"she was squirmimg even
more after I put a  gag on and sat back to watch her struggle,her face was
flushed with excitment,after ten minutes I took the gag off,"Let me tie you
now,"I didn`t need asking twice but what really  got me was her next
remark,"Let`s take our dresses off".

She was`nt bad for her first time and I was enjoying wriggling round the floor
in my bra and panties when she said,"Can we both be tied up together,maybe
rubbing against each other"the wine had certainly got to her, I thought about it
as I was untied,I thought about the handcuffs, as long as the key was in easy
reach it could work,I told her,"If I tied you up and then tied my legs and gag
me I could put the handcuffs on, then when we are ready you can use the key,to
unlock me and as a reserve we will put a knife on the dresser to cut anything if
we need too,we practised a couple of times unlocking the cuffs just to be safe
and soon we were both squealing into gags,rolling round the floor helplessly
bound,rubbing ourselves on each other,having fun getting ourselves off, for our
own enjoyment.
 
There was a click and then a voice,"Well girls, we are having fun, can any-one
join in,"she looked at him,her eyes so wide then to the window,I followed her
and saw the top of a ladder at the window we both looked back at him,he
smiled,"You may have locked the doors but you forgot a window,you were too
involved to see me peeping over the ledge so I thought I,d let myself in to see
the fun,"she tried to move for the hand-cuff key but he was faster, as he picked
it up he wagged his finger at us,"Oh no, lets have you like this for a
while,besides you look cute and you seem to like being tied up and helpless,I
certainly like you that way".

He picked us both up and through us on the bed,"Now I know your mum and dad are
away twinning and you two are here alone this weekend so I think I,ll stay and
keep you company,you don`t seemed to be in any postion to stop me,I,ll have to
go and make a phone call or two, so don`t go away,"we looked at each other as he
walked towards the door he suddenly stopped,"Talking of postions I think I
should let you two get real acquainted,"and he walked back to the bed.

He pushed and pulled us till we were laying on our side facing each others
panties,he untied our knees and push first her head in between my legs retying
my knees then my head between her legs retying her knees,keeping our heads
locked between each other then he put rope around my neck and down to my knees
forcing them up and my head down then he did the same to her,both our gagged
mouths were firmly stuck in each others crutches,he went to the dresser picked
up the knife,looking at me,"You two look a little over dressed why don`t I make
you more comfortable and let you smell how horney you two are,"he took the knife
and cut both our panties from us,laughed and went down to phone.

Her knees were cutting off most of the sound and every time I tried to move my
face would brush her naked pussie and her face was touching mine,we struggled
but to no use we were tied tight and to my horror the snippets of conversation I
could hear from down stairs was him making excuses to someone that he would not
be home tonight,next thing I heard the ladder move and a van moved away,the both
of us struggled to free ourselves the more we moved the more we touched,the more
we touched the more we jumped,the predicament we both were in was so terrible
but what was happening to our bodies was uncontrollable,then there was that
click again, his laugh and a smack on my bottom as his window cloth was used to
sting both our bottoms forcing us to jump and touch our most intermit parts
again.

The slapping went on until both of us were sobbing into our gags,he bent down
beside me,"You two had enough spanking,"I made some sort of noise to mean
yes,"Then I,m going to take your gags off and you are going to show me how much
you like each other or the stinging starts again,"he undid my gag I
said,"Please,"it was cut off,"No need to say please just take it,it`s almost in
your mouth so get it in,"my hair was pulled up and my mouth covered her I tried
to scream but the sound was cut off by my best friends pussie firmly wedged in
my mouth,he left me and went to my friend asked her if she had heard what he had
said to me,took her gag off and soon she was being forced hard up into me,then
he just walked round the bed slapping us every time we stopped touching each
other and to our shame we were becoming wet,he knew it,he kept us at it until we
couldn`t help but cum in each others faces.

After making us lick the juice from around our pussies he released us from each
other then retied us the same but knelt on the bed our faces in the bed
clothes,our bottoms up in the air and our necks retied to our knees,I wished she
hadn`t put the handcuffs on so tight or tied my legs with so much rope,I guessed
she felt the same,though we weren`t gagged we were on strict instruction not to
speak unless told or we would get a belting,  he stood behind us fondling our
naked bottoms,he freighted us as he pushed his finger into our bottoms then ran
it up and down our slits,if we moved he would slap us hard and we could hear him
saying things like,"Love girly firm ass,tight slits and puffy cunt lips,all tied
up in a pretty parcel boy are we going to have some fun tonight".

I felt something cold on my back,it slid up and under my bra then with a quick
jerk my bra strap was in two,"Sharp knife you girls have just the thing for
letting your tit`s swing",he laughed at his pun,I was so scared I turned my
head,"Please Mr don`t do anything to us,just go we won`t say
anything,please,"his hand slapped my bottom,"You want to use that mouth I,ll
give you both something to use your mouths on,"he slit the other bra off and I
heard him behind us and I knew he was getting undressed.

He laid on his back between us,he was further up the bed than us and as I turned
my head to my side this huge cock was beside me ,he grabbed us both by the hair
my friend was crying,he yanked at her hair until she stopped,"O.K.you two I have
seen what you can do with your tongues to each other, now it`s my turn to get a
little licking,both of you start kissing my cock and really get into it because
if I have to get off this bed your ass`s will know about it,"he pulled our heads
into his crutch and with the fear of what was going to happen to us I kissed his
foul cock,my friend did the same and we both did what we had to do,kissing and
licking it up and down,"Don`t forget my balls and let`s see you two kissing as
well,plenty of tongue fencing."


We kissed his cock and his balls then he held our hair while he made us touch
our tongues before he had us kissing each other very passionately then he
said,"What's your name," and he pulled my pony tail,"Rachael," I chocked,"And
hers,""Kate,"I looked up at him,"O.K.Rachael suck my cock,Kate you get a turn in
a minute,I,ll work you both by your hair first Rachael then Kate and there's a
prize for the one who get`s me off,open your mouths girls,"he pulled my hair so
hard then shoved me down and his cock was in my mouth he held my head still as
his hips pumped his cock into me,I looked across at Kate she was watching me
with my mouth full of hard thrusting cock in terror knowing it was going to
happen to her next,he nearly choked me and as I was coughing and trying to
breath again he used Kate's mouth to continue his pleasure this went on for,what
seemed ages until I felt him starting to push harder, I braced myself for what
was to come but he took it out and rammed it hard into Kate then holding her
head I watched as he pumped her mouth full of his filth holding her hard down on
to him,I felt so helpless as I saw her eyes go wide and her cheeks fill with
juice as some dribbled out from around his thick cock,he released her and I
thought she was going to be sick as she spat and choked out what she hadn`t been
forced to swallowed.

He let go of both of us and got off the bed,"Very nice girls,I feel so much
better for that and you Kate did you like your prize,now lets tie you differant
so I can have a good look at and play with your gorges young bodies the two of
you will make me hard again and then we will see what fun is next",he untied the
both of us except our wrists,still we were told not to speak and with what we
had just been through we knew it was a waste of time,he made us lay on the bed
side by side then tied my right leg to Kate`s left then our other legs were tied
down to the castors on the bed,he made me close my legs which pulled Kate`s wide
open then made Kate do it to me,he tickled my pussie as he moved his hand`s up 
to our breasts and started kissing and sucking them, first mine then Kates then
mine and back again saying this was great tit tennis,next we had to endure him
kissing us,slobbering all over our mouths until he got off the bed came to my
side pulled my head round and told me to start sucking again,as I did he
said,"That a girl Rachael get it hard,hard enough to fuck you first".

I pleaded,I didn`t care if he was going to beat me but I had to beg him to have
pity on us but he just laughed and told me I was in for a good fucking and so
was my mate he knew she was 16 and guessed I was.He told Kate to close her legs
pulling mine apart as he got on the bed between them and lowered himself,I tried
to move as I felt the tip of his cock touching my pussie and I was about to
plead again when his mouth closed over mine and with a strong push I felt him
start to enter me,four or five more push`s and my pussie opened and he slid
in,he stopped kissing me and put one hand on my throat and the other pulled at
my nipples,"You have a lovely tight cunt Rachael,hope you don`t mind but I,m
going to widen it", and then he started to ram me as hard as he possible
could,he was enjoying the pain in my face also he let go of my throat and let
his left hand go to Kate`s pussie and he fingered that while he fucked me,"Don`t
worry Rachael I.ll finger fuck you while I,m fucking Kate,"with that Kate burst 
into tears.

He fucked me for a long time making my nipples and breasts very sore and probing
Kate`s pussie all the time till finally he pulled out and exploded on me,he
did`nt even rest he got straight off me came round the bed again and made me
lick his cock clean all the time grinning down at me,"Thanks Rachael,try and
miss me,it`s Kate`s turn,"he walked round the bed to a crying Kate who looked at
him and sobbed,"Please don`t do me I,m a virgin,"he looked at her and an evil
grin spread across his face,"Do you want to stay a virgin,"she nodded,"Then we
will have your ass in the air and fuck that instead,allright Kate,I said
allright Kate,"with a trembling lip she nodded again. 

He pulled the pillows from the top of the bed and pushed some under Kate`s
bottom till it was raised up and one behind her head to make sure she could
watch then he got between her legs and told me to close mine,I watched as he
spat on his fingers and pushed them up the sobbing Kate,he looked at her,"Don`t
cry Kate, I,ll make it fun,well for me any-way,I closed my eyes as I saw him aim
his erect cock at Kate`s defenceless bottom and I waited for the scream.

Her scream was muffled by his hand but it just seemed to go on,I knew he was
slowly pushing in to her by the grunts I could hear, soon her voice was just a
whimper as I felt the bed moving, I jumped, opening my eyes when I felt his hand
on my pussie,he was grinning at me,"Her ass is tight but I have`nt forgotten
you,are you going to scream when I bugger you,no,wait,don`t answer me it will be
fun finding out and also,my lovely little Rachael why arn`t you a virgin have
you been fucking with the boy`s, you got a liking for cock have you,I bet you
have,you can`t help but get wet when they tie you up,you must tell me some of
your fuckings, you hot assed cunt,"I looked away I know he carried on smiling at
me, while fucking my best friends ass and playing his fingers all over and
around my pussie.

As I lay there I tried to blank out what was happening and how I had ended up in
this postion but as I felt his hand leave me the moving of the bed got faster
and his breathing and grunting made it obivous he was about to fill my friend
again.He came,grunting with excitement, then laid on her kissing her mouth and
breasts untill he pulled out of her leaving her crying into the pillow he got
off the bed, I looked for any sign to the end of our torture but his lust full
eyes still scanned our bodies,he licked his lips and put his tongue out wiggling
it at me,"I need a little drink and you two can play while I watch,"he went to
one of the bottles of wine and took a swig,"Ah thats better,now girls what can
you lovely things do to entertain me,well Rachael your friend Kate seems a
little sore maybe you could kiss it better."

I crinched as he came back towards us and I felt his hands untie our legs,then
as he picked me up he mauled me as much as he possibly could,kissing my
breasts,pushing his fingers in me until he forced me to my knees,I looked up at
him,"Don`t worry Rachael I will let you suck my cock soon but first it`s Kate
who need your lovely tongue,"he lifted the sobbing Kate to the edge of the
bed,sat her down and then pushed her back,"Open your leg`s Kate,"she slowly
opened them and I saw his dried semen all over her two abused holes,"Rachael my
dear, it would seem Kate needs a cleaning and pampering,see that cunt,I want it
tongue fucked so get to it,remember, your ass the way it is, would make an easy
target for my belt before my cock has some fun up it.

Kate laid there and I knew I had no other choice but to do this disgusting act
for his perverted pleasure,every time I pulled away to look at her to see where
I had missed I saw him playing with his cock,he would`nt let me stop until he
was hard and my mouth was wet and sore from licking then he pulled Kate back on
the bed and told me to sit on her face so she could lick me,he pulled my legs
wide forcing my pussie over Kate`s face and into her mouth.He knelt between her
legs toying with her pussie and my breasts as he did his cock got hard
again,pointing hard,thick and long up at me,he grabbed me by the back of the
neck holding me hard down on Kate`s face,he moved forward and with his other
hand he guided his cock into the well fingered pussie open in front of him.Kate
tried to struggle and escape but with our hands tied and me sitting on her he
had no problem pushing in as he did he put both his hands on my thighs moving me
back and forth on Kate's face cutting off her shouts as her virginity broke,he
smiled at me,"Never could resist fucking a virgin and the beautifull Kate`s no
exception".

Still with that evil smile on his face he asked,"Is she licking you,has she got
her tongue up your sweet cunt,"I didn`t want to say, I looked down and slowly
shook my head,he pinched Kate`s nipple,"Lick her little Kate or I will hurt you
more than this,"he gave an almighty shove I felt her move as he drove himself up
her to the hilt of his cock and I heard a sob as her tongue touched me,"Is she 
now,"I nodded,Good are you enjoying it,"I looked down,"Don`t you enjoy a good
licking as much as hard cock,tell me about this being tied up, is that how you
get off,you like being fucked tied up,I noticed when I fucked you, you were a
little wet, all that rubbing cunts with Kate before,I watched you through the
window,you got me horney,it`s your fault I had to come and have some wet
cunt,you didn`t mind did you,but you will have to excuse me Rachael  I feel like
giving Kate and good fucking before I cum,she must enjoy her first time,"I sat
on my friends face as this horrid man rammed and pumped into her as hard as he
could till he pulled out of her going ridged with pleasure before collapsing on
her,wanking his cum all over her stomach, knocking me down and on to the bed.

He got off and looked down at the sobbing Kate,"Don`t worry Kate I,m just the
first of many,now you will be able to enjoy it as much as I did,they say the
first time hurts a bit but I,ve widened you a little for the next cock,"he tied
our legs together and laid us side by side before he went for a shower,I looked
at the clock it was three in the morning,he had used us for his own pleasure for
ten hours,he came back from his shower poured more wine and got in the middle of
the bed between us,as he pawed us he said,"Thank you my young ladies that was
wonderful I hope it was as good for you now I must go and make some phone
calls,make sure my van has been seen miles away from here and I have been in a
pub buying drinks,it`s nice when people owe you favours.

He left us and made his phone calls,then returned finished the wine,untied our
legs and went to go downstairs,half way down he called,"Rachael if you want the
key`s to the hand-cuffs there down here I,ll put them here,"I climbed off the
bed and staggered down to him,he was in the lounge I saw the key`s on the
telephone table as I went to it, he grabbed me,"Not so fast,I promised myself
your ass and I,m not leaving till I,ve had it,"I kicked at him but he soon had
me over the sofa,bending my arms up forcing my bottom up, I heard his zip and
then felt the tip of his cock again only this time pushing it`s self into my
bottom,he had some soap from the shower.he rubbed it in my hole and then slid
in,"God that is a great ass-hole you got, just tight enough to give a good
fuck,Kate`s nearly straggled my poor boner ,"Then he fucked me and it took a
long,long time,he said,"I knew with the amount of time`s I,ve cum up you two
beauties this would be the longest and it sure is good,your a good looking fuck
Rachael,if I was twenty years younger I would take you with me and fuck you to
death,"I laid over the sofa as he pounded himself into his own orgasm,pulled
himself out,wiped his filthy cock on my legs,dressed and left.

I got the hand-cuffs off and went up to untie Kate took her to the shower and
left her,it must have been six in the morning when we first started to talk,we
decided we could not go through with courts and witness`s,he had an alibi
himself,what if we lost how would we face the rest of the village,how would our
parents take it and how would we look with the boy`s we couldn`t stand their
sniggerings,no it would be our secret and I thought after all I,d been raped
before and lived to tell the tale.


                                             THERES MORE IN PART THREE.

                                                          PAGAN.




                         Four Rapes and My Funeral  3

As I grew older I vistied my two friends by the coast a lot and I got a job
there,I had decided to settle down and this little sea side village by the river
mouth was as good a place as any,give or take a few memoirs,which was not the
fault of the village,and things had moved on since that weekend also I had been
smitten by a good looking Derek Townsend so we married about six years ago.

We had a nice home but his building job did not work out or he did`nt work at
it,we took a big decision to buy a boat for fishing trips the one we could
afford was not big enough for Derek, the big ideas man, so we borrowed from the
bank for this bigger boat,it was just the thing for fishing trips though,at the
bow there was a galley with a small kitchen to the left and a toilet to the
right in the main galley was a big table and forms for three each side and all
bolted to the floor,as you came up from below there were ladders ether side to
the wheel area above and the stern was big enough for at least eight to fish.

As if we were`nt in enough debt he decided to damage his back putting him in bed
on a weekend where a chap had booked a trip,he had paid a large deposit up front
and we had spent it, the money that was to come would have helped the overdraft
and get the bank manager off our back, so after a lot of talk I was to take the
boat out and do the trip.

We or should I say Derek had bought sailor suits for each of us,I thought they
looked naff but he said it was part of the sales pitch,it would pull the
punter,mine was little blue and white plimsolls,white knee length socks,blue
skirt with white piped edging and of course the blue and white stripped top with
a matching scarf and cute life-ring pony tail clip,he said I looked like a
model,I said I looked like a Barbie doll.

It was a warm Saturday morning and the boat looked good as I waited for my
client,about ten a van pulled up and a mean tall man got out,I called to him,"Mr
Salmon"he smiled a came over,looked over the boat,"This will do  nicely,where's
the Captain."

 I took off the gang rope and told him about Derek's accident and that I was
taking him on the trip and showed him on board,as soon as he was on,he whistled
at the van and the back door open,five men climbed out, some carried bags others
crates of beer but all looked as mean as Mr Salmon as they walked up the
gangplank and pushed by me.

I was not very happy about beer on board and told him he told me,"How much to
turn a blind eye to some drink as his friends had not been on such a trip for a
long while and he wanted them to enjoy themselves,"foolishly I knew how much
money meant to us I named a price and he agreed,I told him the itinery for the
trip,it was out to  Bowders nose rocks for the afternoon then to Sharp Cove for
evening then I would drop them at the lodge for the night,moor out at sea
myself, then pick them up for the return trip at ten, home for four,he agreed
and I went up to the wheel and took her out to sea.

Everything went well as I navigated the shore line out to the rocks,they were
drinking and laughing not doing too much fishing it was`nt till mid-day that the
drink started to make them swear and get loud I glanced down once and saw one of
them looking up at me or rather up my skirt,I started to feel uncomfortable as I
dropped anchor at the rocks.

 The drinking was getting out of hand and no fishing was being done,I had to
calm things down,I went down to them to ask why they weren`t fishing,before I
had chance to speak Mr Salmon came to me,"You look as though you have a problem
Captain,my boy`s annoying you."

At least he was polite,"Yes I think they should slow down with the drink and
start fishing,after all that's what you paid for,"all of a sudden I was grabbed
from behind and spin round,"Who the fuck are you to tell us if we can drink or
not we pay we play,this ain`t the fucking Titanic or  do you  want a
drink,here,"a bottle was shoved at me and I pushed it away spilling some on him
and another,they started to get rough and I slapped one and told him not to use
such foul language,he looked at me,You cunt,no-one slaps me."

him and the other one grabbed me and pulled me in between the stairs,they
shouted for some rope and then they tied my wrists to the each ladder,I tried to
kick them but they soon tied my ankles the same before all of them sat at the
back of the boat looking at me with my arms up and wide and my legs parted.

One of them said,"Well Captain looks like you got a mutiny on your hands,"I
screamed at them to let me loose but nobody took any notice they just carried on
drinking as I carried on arguing,I must have anode one because he came
over,undid my scarf put two big knots in the middle the stuffed it in my mouth
and tied it off very tight behind me,whispering in my ear,"Shut the fuck
up,Captain."

It was obvious I was in trouble they had gone quieter and spent most of the time
looking at me or should I say staring at me,I jumped when one got up and came
towards me but he went round behind and down to the galley,I thought good they
will properly keep me like this until I have learnt my lesson, as I thought
that, he came back up stairs,I felt his hand on the back of my leg and as he
climbed the last few steps his hand travelled all the way up under my skirt
until it rested on my bottom he lent over my shoulder,"Nice bottom on this
boat,I think it needs a rub, going to give the order Captain,"I shook my head
but his hand was already playing around with me,the one who had started all this
said,"Show us her knickers,come on up the skirt,you don`t mind showing us a bit
of pantie do you Captain could`nt quite see it when I looked up a while
back,"another one shouted,"What were you trying to see the hole in the boat,"yet
more cat-calls as my skirt was slowly pulled up,"That`s one hole I would`nt 
mind being put in."

Mr Salmon came over to me,looked me up and down as my skirt reached my pantie
line,"Your a beautiful woman alone with these and they have been in prison for
quite a while,you seemed to have enflamed them is there possibly any way we
could quiet them down as I think they all have ideas of fucking you, I think
that had been the Idea when they came aboard,you know first time out, first
woman and she is very pretty with a lovely body and those are just the bits I
can see,I think they may be a bit rough with you and may need  a lot of relief,
any ideas."

He reached around and untied the gag,I spat at him,"Untie me you bastards or you
will be back inside and I meanMMMMMMPPPHH,"the gag was fastened back and he
looked at the others,"What's the punishment for disobedience on board ship,"they
shouted,"A bloody good flogging,"he turned back and smiled at me,"Looks like I,m
going to warm your bum,beautiful."

He stood closer and felt my breasts,finding the nipple and rolling it between
his finger,"Worth a better look,"he smiled as he lifted my jumper up exposing me
to the rest as his finger now rolled my naked nipple,"They are long, do they get
longer when you get horny,not going to tell me, oh dear we will have to make you
horny and find out,"my emotions were of hate but with my eyes I was looking for
pity but as I tried to say stop,don`t, through my gag they just laughed,"Time to
have that skirt up and your punishment to begin."

The one who had been behind me from the start lifted my skirt and pushed it in
the waist band,all that covered my nakedness was a pair of white cotton pants I
looked to my left and Salmon was flexing a section of fishing pole, my knees
buckled as I heard it whip through the air,I could hear the others but their
voices just jumbled in my head as I closed my eyes in terror,THWACK,I shot
forward straining against the ropes as they forced my backTHWACK again and again
screaming into the gag tears running down my face,THWACK,THWACK I turned and
looked at him shaking my head,"You want me to stop,you going to behave,if I stop
we will need other entertainment,you understand,"I nodded.

He looked over to the others,"Gentlemen,don`t you think that this ladies husband
is a very lucky man being able to play with this beauitfull body,I mean,,just
look at these tit`s you don`t often see tit`s this size that don`t need a bra
and he gets to fuck this delouses cunt at any time,"he lifted the front of my
skrit to show my panties," But at the moment the Captain has a bottom problem
and her husband has left her alone with us,Mr Cod do you wish to take the place
of this ladies husbands and investigate,"this one was only to pleased to have
been picked, he came up to me and squeezed my breasts,"I,m going to take your
mind off the pain unless you ain`t been fucked in the ass before,"he unzipped
his trousers and took his cock out,"You take a look at what's getting into
you,"he squeezed my breast hard and went behind me,I felt my pants being pulled
to one-side and then he started to push,"Relax your ass baby there is no point
in fighting this is just the first of many fucks your ass is going to get," and
with a mighty shove he pushed in me,I went up on tip-toe much to the cheers of
the others as the massive cock started to pump and his hands came round to
massage my breasts,at that Salmon said,"Mr Hake would you like the front
port-hole,"and with in seconds I had another cock, this time in my pussie as I
was sandwiched and mauled for the amusement of them all and the perverted
pleasure of these two grinning animals.

 They didn`t take long to fill me with their slime,sliding out of me laughing
and congratulating themselves on a good fuck,then Mr Trout and Mr Kipper took
their place and I was fucked again this time the one fucking my pussie took the
gag off and forced me to kiss him,if I did`nt tongue him he would nod to the one
fucking my ass to pull and pinch my breasts and nipples fortunatly they also
came quickly and left me hanging there,Salmon stood beside me,"Well Captain,can
your ass take Mr Eel because I fancy that pretty mouth of yours,I think your
tongue could work a little magic on this cock of mine,now get this,if you nod
you get cock if you don`t you get the fishing pole,"I looked through my tears
and nodded.

My wrists were untied and then tied behind me, rope was lowered from the wheel
house and tied to my wrists and hauled up bending me over,the scarf was taken
away as Salmon got some more cord,tied it to my pony-tail then forced my head up
and back tying the cord to the rope holding my wrists up,I was forced to look at
them all,"Open up and show me what a nice tongue you have and while I fuck that
mouth I want no teeth marks even when Mr Eel  gets in you,you will find out why
he`s called Mr Eel soon enough,now suck,"I tried to swallow as much of his cock
as I could but nothing had prepared me for the size of  cock that was being
rammed up my ass, all I could do was thank god he had not been the first as he
pounded into me,Salmons cock was going further and further down my throat as I
fought to breath,suddenly I was being filled again at both ends before hanging
painfully in my ropes. 

 They decided to head for the cove,three of them asked Salmon if that could have
some fun with me, all he said was,"Why not,"My arms were lowered and my elbows
tied tightly I stood up only to have the rope from the wheel house around my
neck and the gag back in,they stripped me naked then they got fishing line and
worked on my nipples,sucking and biting them till they stood out hard so they
could wrap the fihing line around them,they sat back and pulled them in many
different ways pulling me left,right, forward and they laughed as they enjoyed
hurting me then the third tangled a fish hook into my pubic hairs and pulled my
pussie for his amusement.

Others joined in slapping my ass as my pussie was pulled till we reached the
deserted cove,Salmon said,"Time to talk the next job there will be time to fuck
the cunt some more later,let`s go below,"they tied the fishing lines to the
wheel so as the boat moved so did the wheel pulling me up by my left  or right
breast,they had tied the one that held my pussie to the back stretching me
forward as my ankles were still tied to the ladders and there I hung for an
hour.

I must have passed out as  I was startled by I slap on my ass and I voice
saying,"Playtime Captain,time to service the crew,"they completely untied me and
got me down into the galley where I was retied spread-eagled on the big
table,Salmon looked at me,"As I said before,I want to know what makes you horny
so we will take it in turns to play with you till we find what turns you on and
in to a fun fuck,I,m sure there is enough in here to find out,pity I did`nt know
it would just be you or we would have brought some toys with us still we will
make do,a bit of a challenge don`t you think,"

Still smiling he carried on,"You see my dear I had a word with Mr Hake and he
told me that when he fucked your front port-hole you were easy to slide into,now
I don`t think for a minute that the flogging did anything to make your cunt wet
but I would bet you being tied up may have a little bit to do with sloppy
knickers shall we try a little tenderness on my bound beauty and just see how
sloppy she get`s with six horney men working on her hot spot`s,I pleaded with
him not to but he just smiled and walked away as the others closed in on me.

My pleas were soon silenced by rough mouths covering mine as hands fondled and
probed me,each nipple soon had a tongue lapping and sucking but this time so
gently my pussie lips were opened and wet fingers played in me,stroking pressing
almost caressing,fingers played and tickled up my inner thighs,sliding up and
then sliding in me touching the inner wall of my pussie,my knees were tied,
opening them further,exposing me, allowing a finger to slowly work its way up
and into my ass,it was oily and slid painlessly into me soon I began to move to
respond and they worked a little faster till I wanted to close my legs trapping
the invading finger in me the way my knees were tied open,I could`nt,so I was
forced me to move my hips upwards for any kind of relief and the gloating faces
knew that I was getting wetter and they worked even harder,tickling and playing
with my cunt,suddenly Salmon`s voice came above their sniggerings,"Look boy`s
I,ve caught a nice wiggling fish and I know the perfect hot place to cook it."

I tried to see but the mouth covering mine held me firm,I felt something wet,it
was being pushed up me,it was moving, it went further in the sensation was
overwhelming,my god they were pushing a live fish up me,"Gemme some tape lets
tape it in,"Salmon voice was very excited and I heard tape being torn then stuck
across my crutch and on to the top of my leg,I ranched my face away,"Take it
out,take it out,oh god no,no,"it was to late the movement of the trapped fish
was unbelievable it was like being fucked by ten tiny fingers all playing over
the inside of me I went uncontrollably into a orgasm,I came with lot`s of juice
making it even more sloppy and the fish slid around more and more,I fought in my
bonds but the next orgasm was building as my hips pushed up and back held so
helpless and tight,again I orgasmed for their perverted pleasure,my ears were
full of their laughter as I gyrated in front of them, they left the fish up me
until I had cum twice more then they took it out,held it over me and told me
they may cook it for my tea later.


"She is one hot ass fuck pony lets sting her tail some more,"I heard one say,I
knew I was to weak to fight but I was turned on enough to do anything they
wanted,"No No you don`t have too I,ll do you please don`t hurt me I,ll suck and
fuck,"I pleaded,"You will suck and fuck a lot better after a good ass warmin
lets string her up to the beams and have some fun,"I was untied from the table
and hung up,naked and defenceless as they took it in turns to slap my ass, just
with their hands but still hard enough for it to hurt,they stopped for a drink
break,I was given drink too,they took the empty bottle and pushed it up my ass,I
screamed,they told me to drink two more bottles then they would take it out,I
did and on an empty stomach I soon felt drunk,which is what they wanted.

For the rest of the night and into the morning I was fucked by the six of them
in so many ways,over the table on my front or back,one in me sometimes two,even
a few times three,there weren`t anymore beatings as I was just being used for
their pleasure,as one kept saying,"She`s a fuck pony, here for the ride, so come
on pick a hole let`s fuck on this tide".

The van had come round to the cove,Salmon had rung and they went ashore and
drove off leaving me on the galley table worn out and exhausted,it took me until
mid-day to be able to move and make the boat sea worthy and to my surprise not
only had they left the money for the trip but also another 200 for services
rendered.

As I drove for home I thought do I tell him or not,would I be able to give
witness,how would I explane the extra money, shall I keep it to myself,he was in
to much pain to see me naked and the marks would fade soon, after all I,d been
raped before and lived to tell the tale. 


                                                    THERES MORE IN PART FOUR.

                                                                  PAGAN.




                           Four Rapes and My Funeral   4

   I thought I,ll teach the bastard to get off his fat ass and earn some
money,we needed it with Christmas coming up,I was fed up with struggling to make
ends meet,besides I could still remember what I`d been through to keep the
business a float in more ways than one,no it was time to make him jump,I would
pretend to leave him.

   The time he normally slides down the pub with his mates I would pack and not
be there when he got back,leave a note,something about, had enough of your
excuses,I need a change and a divorce,don`t try and find me as no-one will know
where I am, my solicitors would be in contact,that sort of thing and then hop a
train,I had a small amount of money put aside for a rainy day which I would use
to stay with Sandra for a week or two and see what happened,I even made a copy
of the note to show Sandra,that would be a laugh for our fun evening.

I looked at the clock,three I knew he would be off and so was I,the train was on
time and the half hour trip was pleasant,took a taxi to Sandra`s only to find
she had gone away for two nights,shit,I couldn`t go back home so I decided to go
to a hotel for two nights then back to Sandra`s,I didn`t want to spend to much
so I found a small place just off the market square,it was not the best,that was
to put it mildly but I booked a room from the unsavoury owner,No 4,large bed,
small toilet and shower,all in bad need of decorating, it  would have to do.

I wasn`t tierd so I thought I would have a couple of drinks in the bar,a shower,
then bed and a little sight seeing tomorrow,yes that was a good plan,I changed
in to a nice skirt and jumper and went down to the bar,it was not very nice I
was the only woman there,in fact if it had not been for the four men in the
corner I was the only one in the hotel and I got stuck with the leering
owner,asking all the silly questions and offering me drinks,as did the men when
they came up to get theirs,I politly said no,finished my drink,bought a cheap
bottle of wine and returned to my room,so much for a fun evening.

I took another drink and got ready for my shower,  turned the water on and
nothing happened,shit,I must have my shower so I rang down to reception,he said
he would see to it,so I put my towel round me and sat on the bed and waited,Ten
minutes past before there was a loud bang on the door,I opened it and to my
surprise the four men stood there one holding a bag of tools,I was about to
speak when they pushed in and closed the door,"Trouble with the shower".

I could smell the drink on them as three of them filed into the bathroom and the
last one stood by the door smiling at me,I looked round for something else to
put on but it would mean taking the towel off to do it.I could hear lots of
laughter from the bathroom and then a gurgling noise,then the sound of running
water,two came out,"Working a treat love,want to try it,"another said,"Scrub
your back for you sweetheart,"The one still inside the bathroom shouted,"Yes
Ted, bring her in, lets try it out,"and then to my amazement the two got hold of
me,pulled me off the bed and pushed me into the bathroom.

With one hand I was holding the towel and with the other trying to fend them
off,but as the third one joined in,I was pushed into the shower,the cold water
hitting me made me move my hands, the weight of the water on the towel forced
that to fall away from me and as I put my hands out to switch off the water they
grabbed my wrist and pulled me out of the shower, holding me they got another
towel and started to dry me, making sure they kept it over my mouth stopping me
from shouting at them.

I was dragged back to the bedroom and as one held the towel over my mouth and
tussled my damp hair the other`s stood in front of me admiring my nakedness that
I was trying to cover with my hands and arms,the one who had been stood by the
door came forward,"Are you going to thank the boy`s for fixing your shower,it
looks like you have everything to thank them with,of course they could always
take it,what do you think."

I knew from the past there was no way out,my mind just shut down when I
heard,"Come on sweetheart we just want some of that pussie to play with,stop
hiding it,just open your legs and give me a hand-full,"another said,"Come on get
on the bed and open those long legs of your,we will show you a good time,"the
first one spoke again,"We are going to fuck you it`s just how,you ether lay back
and think of you country or you get it rough,it`s up to you,we are here for the
night and you ain`t going any-where,we are going to fuck you stupid and enjoy
every minute of it,we had decided that down in the bar".

They took the towel away from my face and I looked at them as I did I was shoved
onto the bed,"That's a good girl,get on the bed,open your legs and get yourself
ready for a night of heavy fun fucking,with a body like yours you must be used
to men wanting to fuck you,well here's four who are going to fuck you all
night".


As I laid there looking at them,one said,"You going first Phil,"   "Oh yes."was
the reply,"I,m going to lick this beauties cunt till it`s soaking and
begging,then give it a fucking too remember,you next Ted,","No I think the
little lady is going to turn her head my way and suck my cock,she has the
perfect mouth for cocksucking,wouldn`t you say Billy,"      ,"You bet,any-way
I,ll find out later but those tit`s look awful inviting,I think I,ll have supper
on them before I fuck off between them later,which hole do you want Gerry," the
last voice said,"I,ll wait until you lot have done then fucking her, I,ll have
her all to myself,while you lot watch an expert at fucking women work on her."

I didn`t struggle,they were there,the door was locked and I was the only other
person in the hotel so I spent the night being fucked and doing any perverted
thing that would turn them on and to my shame I didn`t fight them,right from the
start they must have thought how easy I was going to be,the one called Phil
spent ages licking my pussie and that made me became very wet ,I couldn`t help
it, my body wouldn`t say no and that's how they kept me all night,I couldn`t
remember a time I wasn`t sucking a cock it must have been all night as my mouth
was chapped and sore by morning and there was always one or more eager to fuck
my ass or pussie,quite a few times both together,I had been put in so many
positions that my entire body ached and I  never thought I,d walk again.

Thank god for the morning and they were up and about showering,I was taken into
the shower by Phil and Billy and washed or more like abused in every degrading
way,Ted dried me,he even brushed my hair,as he was doing that Gerry sat on the
bed beside me,"While you were busy sucking and fucking last night I had a look
through you hand bag,so nobody knows where you are and you want a divorce,well
we have three more days here so you can stay here and look after us,"I thought
oh god no,must think quick,"Yes I will look forward to seeing you later,I,ll be
waiting,"he smiled,"I know you will,we will make sure of it,"and he looked
behind me,I swung round and Ted and Billy had lengths of rope  and some duck
tape,"NO," I screamed,to late the four of them pounced on me and with in five
minutes I was fastened tightly to the bed,still naked with my pants taped firmly
in my mouth,as the four of them left for work Ted said,"Have a nice day," and
the door closed.

I struggled for a while but I had been tied in such a way to make it imposable
to escape,my ankles were tied about a foot apart but my knees were forced wide
and tied at ether side of the bed forcing my thighs wide open my wrist were
individually tied down and around the top of each leg,my arms tied tightly to my
side with rope going under and over my breasts and then tied off between them
forcing them to stick out, as I looked down they seemed to be so big and
pointing upwards like twin peaks,I had become resolved to wait the day for
another gang-rape tonight when the door opened.

The owner came in and stood looking and grinning,"Had your shower fixed,need
anything else seeing too,"he came towards me,sat on the bed and started to rub
my pussie,"Have they left anything worth fucking up in here,"I made silly noises
into my gag,"Not going to tell me,well guess I,ll have to find out for
myself,now you just lay there and I,ll fuck you,guess I,ll have to buy them some
drinks but it will be worth it to be fucking you and playing with them tit`s all
day,am I going to have to hurt you to get you to suck my cock"I groaned and
closed my eyes.

He spent most of the day in my room,first he helped himself to my pussie,getting
down between my legs and licking,kissing and fingering me until he succeeded in
making me wet then he fucked me,after he`d filled me twice he untied my legs got
me up and bent me over while fucking my ass,tied the way I was, he made me put
my head on a pillow,I nearly suffocated with the force of his penetration he
told me his wife never let him fuck her ass and here he could fuck ass
anytime,my ass was still a little open from all the fucking that had been done
to it through the night and he loved that,he punished my bound breasts,pulling
the rope tight making them jut out more.He took me to the toilet and watched
me,playing in between my legs while I peed on his hand then retied me and left
for lunch, after lunch he enjoyed my breasts, as the nipples were now very
sensitive being tied that way and his tonguing made me jump and squirm  he again
fucked my ass then took the gag off telling not to speak, but I wanted to make
him stop,this made him very happy as it gave him an excuse to regag me and spank
my ass until a agreed to be quite and suck his cock as long as he wanted,which
was most of the afternoon.

He retied me the way I had been left and he left about four,I waited for the
others to return knowing the hell I was going to go through that night,I wasn`t
wrong,they must have spent the whole day thinking up new ways to fuck me and
some of the ways really hurt but they loved every minute of my torment.The
following day was more of the same, no sooner had they gone than the owner was
back at me,using me for his perverted pleasure,his pleasure was to bath with me
even though I was still tied and he was most certainly into water sports as he
enjoyed pissing on me while we were in the bath then washing me again, he made
me piss on him,he threatened me that if I didn`t do all he asked he would piss
in my mouth and I would have to drink it,he was insatiable he said he would
never have imagined at his stage of life having such a beauty as me as he fuck
toy to fuck as much and as often as he liked and he was even fucking my ass when
he told me.

I had to take another night of abuse,they had a favorite way of fucking me, they
called it the merry-go-round,one would sit on the bed while I sat on his cock
ether up my cunt or my ass then the other three would stand in front of me while
I wanked the two ether side and sucked the other, then they would move round and
I would have to start all over again,the ones at the front would fight to abuse
my breasts while the one I was sat on had his hands around playing with my clit
and wanking me,I had to do that all night before they let me go,then they said
something that shook me to the core,as Phil left he said to the others,"We got
to come down this way more often,who remembers last time, when we were
teenagers, years ago,you remember we got that stupid young girl to blow-job us
all in the train,I was just about to fuck her pretty little cunt before that
fucking shit of a conductor took her away I still bet that randy bastard fucked
her in the guards van, she looked like an easy lay," they all started
remembering and so did I,there was no point in going to Sandra`s,I hired a car
and drove a short way, slept in the car and thought, again I never told any-one
and I,d lived to tell the tale any-way it was time to sort things out, I went
home,me and him patched things up and he was sorry,things where going well until
I tested positive and found myself pregnant,being kept tied up for three days I
was unable to take any precaution and being fucked as many times as I was I know
it`s not Derek's,do I tell him every thing,just how many times in one life can
you be raped and keep it quite,would he believe me or is it time to call an end
to it all,do I let the hand brake off and say fuck to Christmas,I wonder if all
those bastard who have abused my body and raped me for their own perverted
pleasures would come to my funeral,I wond-------------

"Are you all right,"

"I beg your pardon,where did you come from."

"I said are you all right,we have been watching you for a while just sitting in
this car,"

"Yes I,m fine,now shut the door and be on your way,"

"That's not a very nice way to speak to my friend,we were only worried, you
being out  here all alone,"

"Look thank you both for your concern,but if you would just shut the car doors
and be off,I would be grateful,"

"How grateful,nice looking pretty thing like you, out her all alone you should
be more careful",

"Yes you should keep your car doors locked, you don`t know who's about,"

"Again thank you for your concern but I,m all right,"

"Yes your a bit of all right,you said you were grateful,how about a kiss,"

"Look please leave me alone,"

"Go on kiss her,I,ll hold her,"

"MMMMM she kiss`s nice,got lovely lip`s,you want some,"

"No No please stop,"

"You bet come here darling,come on hold her for me,I want some lovely lip`s,"

"I got her, hold still sweetheart this won`t hurt a bit,now you can have some of
her,"

"MMMMMM oh yes,lovely lip`s and she smells nice too,I wonder if she smells nice
all over,"

"Only one way to find out,get your hand up her skirt and have a feel,"

"God no please stop,don`t no,"

"She squawks a lot when you put your hand up her skirt,wonder what she will
sound like when you get your hand in her pants,"

"Well if you hold her tight we will find out,her skin is very soft and supple
almost silky,I hope her cunts the same,"

"No No please No I MMMMRRRRPPPP,"

"That's it keep your hand over her mouth,keep it closed for now, we can have it
open later,"

"There, you keep quite my friends just going to have a nice feel up your skirt
and into your pants,he just wants to stroke your beaver and maybe poke into
it,just to see if your nice and wet,there`s no-one round to help you, so you
just be a good girl and take what's coming to you,"

"You want to fuck her first,it was your idea to watch and see if she was alone,I
got to admit it was a good idea so you get to fuck her,"

"Thanks mate,first lets get her arms tied,give me you belt and I,ll tie her
elbows,that should make her tit`s stick out nice,"

"Now my mates going to let go of your mouth,if you want to stay healthy keep it
shut till your on your knees with a cock in it,understand what I,m saying,"

"Please,I beg you don`t do this,don`t hurt me,"

"You can beg all you like but we are here and you are tied and there's no-one
for miles,you are one good looking piece of cunt with nice tit`s and we ain`t
missing the chance of giving you a good fucking for the next few hours,"

"She has got big tit`s,let`s have them out,"

"You don`t mind do you just a peek at them jugs,hold her while I get this bra
up,fucking hell the size of them nipples,"

"Please don`t,"

"Please do,Im going in for a suck on those tit`s,MMMMMMMMMMMM,fucking
hell,milk,"

"Your right look at this,see look, when I squeeze them theres milk,"

"This is going to be fucking unbelievable,sucking milk filled tit`s while we
fuck her,there is a Santa Claus,"

"Please, I beg you don`t,I,m pregnant,"

"Fucking bonus,we can fuck you with-out the fear of knocking you up,you where a
find,"

"No,no, stop,have mercy,"

"Come one lady give us a break,your gorgeous and we need to fuck you,look at it
like this, a woman should at least get raped once in her life."

                             MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR.

                                             ENJOY MY FESTIVAL.

                                                           PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





