BDSM Library - Somewhere Over the Rapebow




Somewhere Over the Rapebow
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She loved her dog. She even would like to take the punishment for her dog or anything else other people could think of.
                   Somewhere Over the Rapebow.


   Have you ever heard of anything so ridicules, a  14 yr old Kansas girl goes
to a magical world called OZ and wakes up thinking it`s all been a dream you
must know it`s a cover up in small town America, so just to put things straight
this is what really happened,it was`nt a dream more like a nightmare,I should
know my name is Dorothy Gale.

  It all started on my way home from school,we that`s me and my dog Toh-Toh have
to pass our land owners place, that`s Miss Gulch an old spinster I reckon about
60,  anyway she  has a cat and Toh-Toh always has a five minute chase of
it,never catches it and she screams and yells at us but such is life,well that`s
what I thought till one day my bloody dog caught it and killed it,trouble was it
happened in a shed and Miss Gulch shut the door capturing Toh-Toh.

  She got me in her house,I pleaded to her to let my dog go but she had decided
to have him destroyed I was distort,I was cring and begging her but she just
looked at me with a statistic smile.

"You want to save your dog, you want me to promise not to hurt him,well what you
going to do for me,you want to be nice to me little girl, you want to do
anything I say."

"Oh yes,Oh yes,I will do what ever you want me to,anything to save my dog,just
name it,I will do it and I promise to be good".

"You should have tought your dog to be good,I think you should take his
punishment, I should put you over my knee and spank you hard,don`t you think you
deserve that".

She had a strange look on her face,I knew I was in trouble,I stammered,"If you
do,you won`t hurt my dog,"I was almost pleading.

She cruelly smiled,"If you take all the punishment I give you and do every thing
I tell you I promise I won`t hurt your dog."

I slowly walked towards her as she moved to a large chair,standing beside her I
waited for the order to bend over instead I felt her hand on the back of my
leg,she ran her hand up and looked up at me,"You have nice smooth skin and you
fill your blue gingham dress out nicely, take it off so I can see how lovely you
are, your breasts are so big yet so young too."

I was shocked,"No I can`t take my dress off,Aunty Em said that`s wrong,"she
still smiled,"Then Aunty Em better get you a new  dog."

I stood there I felt tears in my eyes and her hand still on my leg,I undid the
little belt and slowly pulled the dress up over my head and then let it fall at
my feet standing there in my bodice and pants I could see her hand on my leg as
it went up to my pants.

"Better have these off to if we are going to have our bottom spanked," resigned
to my fate I slipped down my pants and let them lay at my ankles,her smile grew
wider and she licked her lips,"Not only big tit`s but that`s a fine bush you
have for your age."

Her hand came from behind and rubbed me in my most private part,"No you mustn't
touch me there it`s wrong",she grabbed my hair and pulled me over her knee,"I,ll
show you what`s wrong,"she hit my bottom hard again and again I don`t know where
she got her strength from but it hurt real bad and she was`nt stopping,infact
the more I cried the harder she hit me then she took her slipper off and started
on me with that.

It was to much, I pleaded with her to stop, she gave me two more slaps really
hard one`s that made me squeal,"If you want this to stop then you better keep
your promise,remember you said you would do everything I tell you," and to make
her point another hard smack.

"Yes,yes anything,I made you a promise I will keep it but please don`t hit me
anymore,"she let me stand up,"That`s better,now about this little bush,lets have
a closer look at it," I stood there as she played around me,stroking my tummy
and then my legs,she ran her hand around to my sore bottom and squeezed it.

"I,m sorry I spanked it so hard,turn around and I will kiss it better,"what
could I do I turned around and she started kissing my bottom running her hands
all over my legs and round to what she called my bush again,"Open your legs so I
can kiss it more,"I did,"A little more,"I opened quite wide and I felt her
fingers on my inner thighs going up and touching me were no one had before.

She had an excitement in her voice,"A little more under the bush than I could
have hoped for,,just going to check it`s all right after the spanking,I think I
may have to kiss that better too,you won`t mind will you,in fact come with me
Dorothy,lets get comfortable."

She lead me into her bedroom and locked the door putting the key in her
pocket,"I don`t want to get this dress of mine all creased up so I,m going to
take it off,you can take your bodice off too,might as well see all of you," I
watched her take off her dress leaving her in her slip she was a skinny woman
then she looked at me hard and I knew I had to take the last of my clothes off.

She pointed at the bed,"Lay on the bed on your back and open your legs,remember
your promise,remember your dog and of course you know I,m only doing this for
your benefit so just lay still while I check out all of your body,"

I did`nt understand but I had promised and Toh-Toh was upper most in my mind so
I laid down on the bed,Miss Gulch perched on the bed and put her head down
between my legs,I was very surprised when I felt her hands open me and her
tongue start licking at me inside,I tried to push her hands away from me but she
was holding me firm and pushing further into me ,I said,"No please stop,you
can`t do these things it`s wrong."

She dug her fingers into my thigh,looked up and snarled,"Shut your fucking mouth
till I tell you what to do with it,your fucking dog had my cat so I get your
pussie,do as your told,lay there keep your legs open and bend your knees so I
can get all of you in my mouth and I,ll get back to doing something I have`nt
done for a long while,getting me some young fresh cunt."

She was almost eating me after sucking and licking she was biting,the trouble
was I was getting a funny feeling down there also becoming wet from inside as
well as the wet from her tongue,I wanted her to stop,she had a horrible smile as
she looked up at me,"Got you wet little Dorothy now to get you going and then
you can get me off."

 The torment of making me do things I knew I should`nt suddenly stopped when all
she was doing to me made my young body become very excited then jump and jerk,I
could`nt help but cry out as my whole body shuddered, I made a lot of mess in
her face but she seemed to like it she must have as she kept on licking the
stuff coming out of me,but I did`nt like what came next,she crawled up the bed
and started playing with my breasts,squeezing the flesh and needing them,she was
forcing the nipples to go even harder than they were, then she kissed me I could
taste my juice on her mouth and face.

 She whispered in my ear,"You liked that did`nt you,don`t argue I made you come
all over the bed now it`s your part of the bargain you get to suck me and do it
as hard as you had it,I want to come all over your pretty face".

Oh god it was awful,she sat herself over my face she smelt and her private parts
were all messy and sticky,my hair was pulled hard moving my face up between her
and onto her slit,she called it her cunt,she kept yelling at me  this is a cunt
girly now lick it good come on let`s feel your tongue so far up my cunt you can
taste my tonsil`s,I could`nt do anything I had to do what she said so I closed
my eyes and licked,I licked as hard as I could she was forcing my face right up
between her thighs she was going wild,I was forced to lick her bottom as far up 
the hole as I could,oh god she was still dirty up there I thought I was going to
be sick,then she moved so I was back on her cunt,I could`nt escape she lowered
herself so I was trapped between her and the pillow she was cutting off my air
as her cunt was covering my mouth and nose,thank god she spurted lot`s of her
stuff into me and relaxed then got off me while I was left choking, I tried to
get off the bed,with a powerful swing my hair was grabbed and I was down on the
floor kneeling in front of her,she stood above me, her legs open,"Finish the
job,lick me clean", she demanded and I knelt sobbing as I tried to lick all the
juice that covered her legs and cunt."

She walked away from me,"Not very good,not good at all,you did`nt live up to
your promise,pity I could have had some good fun with a pretty young thing like
you I will get the sheriff to deal with the dog," I crawled behind her in floods
of tears,"No you promised if I did as you asked you would`nt hurt Toh-Toh", she
laughed,"I,m not going to hurt it, the sheriff will,now get dressed he will be
here soon".

A couple of stinging slaps from her walking cane on my naked body made me get
dressed,I was still crying when the sheriff arrived,he put Toh-Toh in the
trunk,told me he would take him out to the old quarry,he would make it quick and
get rid of him there,did I want to come,in between my tears I said yes we got in
the car and headed for the quarry,I was going to tell him what she had done to
me but what was the point,she pays him.


 After a ride in silence only broken by my sobbing we arrived he got out and
went to the trunk,I ran round but he already had his gun out,I grabbed his
arm,"Please please don`t there must be something,someway I can make you stop",I
was nearly hysterical,I feel to my knees and looked up at him,"Don`t shot
him,please I,ll do anything."

He looked down at me,"Well there's a thing, a pretty little,well not so little
but very pretty girl will do anything, I wonder,there maybe one thing,"I grabbed
his trouser leg,"Yes what,what one thing", he smiled at me   "You ever seen one
of these".?

He undid his trouser`s and took his thing out,I was shocked,"Yes I have seen one
before the three hired hands at the farm keep showing me theirs,asking if I
would like to touch it but I run away,their dirty old men,"he still smiled,"Well
you better not run away now or the dogs dead," I shook my head,"That`s good,you
see how long and hard it is, well I don`t like it hard so you have to make it
soft by getting the stuff that makes it hard, outthat`s not difficult is it, the
best way for you to do that is to suck it out just like a Popsicle".

 I could`nt take in what he ment but he held my head and told me to open my
mouth then he put it in,holding my brades in pushed in and out of my mouth,"Suck
it,suck it like a lolly and lick it all over,come on flick the end make it wet
use your tongue,thats it your learning and I,ll make sure you learn a lot,now
stand up."

I stood in front of him as he undid the buttons on the back of my dress and
pulled it down,he looked in my bodice then held it forward put his hand inside 
and started squeezing my breasts,like Miss Gulch had,"Nice tit`s you are a big
girl,I,m going to give them a good feel while you play with my cock," I looked 
him,"Cock you stupid cunt,you call it a cock,that thing that`s just been in your
mouth,put your hand around it,tickle it play with my balls till I,m ready to
stick it back in your mouth,it won`t be long I just want to have a good play
with your tit`s and see how long I can make your nipples then I,ll get back to
fucking your mouth".

As I was standing there letting him play with my tit`s and stroking his cock,he
was`nt looking and I saw my chance to save my dog,slowly my free hand went to
the trunk lock,making a groaning noise like I heard Miss Gulch make, I unlocked
it  to let Toh-Toh out,I waited for him to escape then I told the sheriff to
stop it,what he was doing to me was wrong all that did was make him real angry
he slaped me and pushed me back on the ground and stuck his cock back in my
mouth,holding my head he hurt as he tried to get it all in,all the way,I thought
I was going to choke but he keep taking it out letting me breath as long as I
licked his balls before ramming it back in again,telling me all the time to suck
it,pretened it`s a lolly-pop,breath through my nose he wanted to enjoy fucking
my pretty face,he would take it out and start slapping my face with it rubbing
it over my mouth before driving it back in again this went on  untill I felt
some thick creamy stuff start to go in my mouth, then a huge amount started
spurting out of his cock there was so much,I was swallowing it, some was
bursting out the side of my mouth down my chin and even dripping out my nose he
stood back and waited till I had stopped coughing then he made me lick anything
that I had not swallowed of his cock.

He turned and saw the trunk open,"You fucking cow you let him out, still no
matter I know where you live I can pick the dog up anytime and I will if you
don`t meet me every night after school," I stood,"Why",he grabbed me and licked
and kissed my face,"Your a pretty girl and I,m going to have a lot of fun
feeling you up every night,you will be my little play thing you have nice big
tit`s, I bet you have a nice cunt and ass too but I will take my pleasure of all
your holes slowly,remember if I don`t, the dog get`s it".

He was laughing as he drove off leaving me to redress and walk home,by the time
I got home I had made up my mind I knew I had to run away I could`nt face that
thing put in me  every night and I knew Miss Gulch would always be waiting for
another chance of playing with me, that night I packed a few thing`s got Toh-Toh
and at first light set off for who knows where.

  I walked as fast as I could all morning but in my hurry I had forgotten food
and drink,by evening we where so thirsty that we drank from a horse trough,found
some feed and slept in an old barn. We set off again at first light and walked
all day we never saw a sole by evening I was on the verge of collapse,then I saw
smoke, it was a caravan,I got to the door and called,"Hello is there anybody
there".

The door opened,a gentleman of about 50 appeared,"My,my what have we here,my
word what a pretty girl,what would I like to do to you,eeerrr I mean what can I
do for you?"I fell into the van pleading for water,"Oh I have something much
better than water for such a pretty girl,"he sat me down in a very funny shaped
chair and went to make us a drink,he called Toh-Toh over and he drank first then
he came to me with a large glass of something and some strange looking cakes,I
was too hungry to ask questions.

I ate them all and drunk every drop,he took my hand,"Did you enjoy my coke cakes
and mushroom juice that's the best thing for pretty young girls you will love
the effect,I know I will,"he sat back and looked at me,"It won`t take long and I
can wait,I,ve dreamed of a night like this with a pretty young girl like you all
to my self over many a lonely wank."

I felt dreamy,"What do you mean, who are you, what are you doing here,"the words
came out in a kind of slur. 

He bent forward,"Me, oh am a travelling medicine man they call me Marvel,Oswald
Marvel yes that's me, The Wizard Ozzy Marvel , I see into the future and the
past,close your eyes tell me why you are here,"

It was a funny feeling I had I could still think straight,I could see Toh-Toh
asleep but could`nt move very much and my speech was soft and slurd but I tried
to answer him,"My name is Dorothy and I,m running away from home because some
bad people are doing things to me and I will lose my dog if I don`t do what they
want me to,I,ve been running for two days now,they can`t know where I am,the
Gale farm must be miles away by now and I  ddooonn t t knooow whatt myyy 
fuuture issss,"my voice just stopped coming out I could`nt talk,I went to move
and nothing happened.

He roared with laughter,"You stupid twat,you silly stupid twat,Gale farm is less
than half a mile across the field you have walked round in a circle, what a twat
and as for your future that`s easy, as you can feel my coke cakes and magic
mushroom juice have a great effect on little girls they become playthings and
tonight your my plaything,I,m going to have a peek under that dress and if I
like what I see I,m going to have me some,oh yes I,m going to fuck me some home
spun cunt tonight then I will tie you up nice and tight so you can take a little
trip with me somewhere out of state,should take me a week maybe two and of
course I will fuck you many times during the day and night, if your as good a
fuck, as you look like your going to be,then maybe three weeks then somewhere I
will sell you on to a lonely farmer who can work you all day and fuck all night
he will pay well to keep you as his farm slave,you have many years of good
fucking in you,see I told you I could see into the future".

 I knew a tear was running down my cheek as he bent forward and licked at it, as
he did he also put his hands on both my knees,I watched them slide under my
dress,they were going up and I could do nothing to stop him,he was grinning in
my face as he bent and kissed my mouth,"How are you feeling in there, you feel
good to me out here,nice lovely soft skin and a very kissable mouth you don`t
mind if I explore you for a while, do you, just a little feel inside those pants
and if your dress isn`t lying you got a good pair of tit`s for me to work on,
hello what's this, a pantie line I must just get my fingers under them,you will
tell me to stop what I,m doing to you if you don`t want me to play with your
cunt, won`t you,"I could have screamed at him but my mouth would`nt work just a
mmmmmppp sound,he said,"MMMMM I think that of you too,don`t worry about opening
you mouth I have a little gadget that will hold it open when I fuck it later,but
back to now, as I haven`t heard you say stop I take it you don`t mind if I play
with your cunt,god wouldn`t it be great if you were a virgin, long time since I
had me one of them,must be almost two years since that nine year old,I kept her
for a month,fucked her silly every day and still got a good price for her at the
end, sold her in Rainbow county maybe a good place for you,they like them young
and they pay well."

His hands were inside my pants, touching me all over,then he pulled them down
while lifting my dress up to look at me he used his knees to push mine wide open
then holding my cunt lips apart he gave me a wink and put his head down between
my legs kissing me all over my cunt and licking my stomach he could`nt get
enough of my bush suddenly he sat back up,"Got to have you naked,if I,m not
mistaken you have a untouched hole between them legs and maybe that means your
ass is as well, what a bit of luck,when I first saw you I knew you had the
makings of a good fuck".

He bent to my side and pulled a leaver,the chair started to move the back went
down and the sides opened out I found myself lying on some sort of bed,he
grinned,"Ah the sweet young virgin ready for the sacrifice", he put his hand up
my dress again and squeezed my bush over my pant`s running his fingers up and
down between my leg`s,pushing them apart he played with my bottom,he put his
face down to mine and kissed me hard on the mouth forcing it open so he could
push his tongue in as he did I felt his fingers go inside my pants to play with
both my holes it seemed like hours but it could only have been moments,when he
pulled his hand out grabbed my shoulders and lifted me forward,undid the buttons
on the back of my dress and pushing the dress and my bodice down my arms letting
me fall back on the bed,"I,m so sorry almost forgot about these two beauties".

His mouth went down on my breasts as his hand returned under my dress and into
my pants,his fingers probed more and more as his mouth sucked and bit my poor
nipples,he pulled my arms out of my dress and put them behind my head,"Oh yes
that really makes your tit`s stand out,now let`s see in them pant`s,"he pulled
my dress up so it bunched around my waist then he took my pants off,"Oh god have
you ever seen anything so sweet,here, have a look at what is going to fuck that
beautiful cunt".

He stood there with his cock sticking out,he got hold of my hand and forced
round this awful thing,"That's it,go on you play with it,big ain`t it here have
a little taste",he ran the end of it over my lips pushing it inside my
cheeks,"Taste nice,don`t worry you will get to taste it all soon but not until
it`s covered in you cunt juice then I will really tickle the back of your throat
but now is the time for you to sacrifice your first hole to my hard cock that
means darling I,m going to fuck you".

Oh no Aunt Emm had always told me that I must keep myself for my husband as much
as Uncle Henry had tried to see me in the bath and touch me when Aunty Emm
was,nt around,I had always managed to out run the hired hands when they tried to
catch me and have a feel up my dress, yet here I was paralysed,defenceless as
this stranger bent down and started licking me between my legs,kissing my most
private part then his finger was stroking me pushing all around and up inside
me,he was dribbling spit onto my slit then pushing it up me,oh my god he was
positioning himself between my legs with no trousers on and a big hard cock
touching me and starting to push up inside me,I felt a tear run down my face
again,I did`nt want to look until with one mighty shove he penetrated me and the
pain forced my eyes wide open starting flood of tears which, as he thumped his
cock hard into me,he took great delight in licking off my face.

He was licking and biting my nipples then kissing my mouth hard`"God your tight,
your cunt is squeezing my cock dry I,m sure it will take at least three weeks of
good fucking to loosen you up darling,oh no no, don`t cry honey I,ll do my best
to fuck you at least a dozen time`s a day but you having three gorges holes I am
sure it will be difficult to choose which one gets the most attention,you don`t
mind me going back to you tit`s for a while do you,you see licking tit`s while
fucking a virgin has always been a favourite hobby of mine.

He would not stop infact he changed my postion grabbing my legs and putting them
on his shoulders it hurt,it hurt real bad as he seemed to get further in and
then it happened,I felt something shot in me it could only be the same as the
sheriff had put in my mouth he grunted and moaned thrusting it in me as fast as
he could then he stopped  let my legs down and laid on top of me,he slowly moved
it about inside me though it was,nt as big, he just lay there playing with my
tit`s holding them tight squeezing the nipple out so he could flick it with his
tongue.

He gave my nipples one big suck,"God that was one good fuck,if I did`nt want to
fuck you so many times myself I could sell you now and make a fortune,still
can`t have your cunt and eat it, what do you say little girl",he got up then
knelt beside me playing with my cunt he put his fingers in me then pushed them
in my mouth,he did that a few times telling me to go on and taste some of the
best cunt around,"You sure taste great and my cum mixes in a treat,now which
hole do I fill next, I think such a nice looking ass as you have got deserves a
long hard fucking so it will be that pretty little mouth of yours, just have to
get you in position, won`t take a minute then you can have the pleasure of old
Marvels cocky tickling your tonsils".

The chair back came up and so did I he got some clip things and put them  ether
side of my mouth when he let them go my mouth stayed open I saw his cock was not
hard or long but he told me he would remedy that,he knelt infront of me, put his
cock on my chest pushed my tit`s together and started to push himself up and
down  while twisting  and rolling my nipples between his thumb and finger,it
did`nt take long for him to become hard again and with dread I felt him grab my
breads,I could do nothing as I watched him put it in my mouth and start to shove
in and out again.

As I could only sit there helpless he could do what he wanted, driving hard to
the back of my throat was as good as fucking my cunt he told me soon he had his
hand on the back of my head and my nose buried in his hairs his hips began
moving fast as he rubbed the tip of his cock up and down my throat holding my
jaw he kept making me nod my head, giving out a moan when that happened, he must
have been doing that so much that it got so big and he got so excited he kept
saying,"Come on suck it pretened it`s a lolly-pop," then he exploded down my
throat with an endless stream of cream so much I started to choke he quickly
took the clips off and reamed my mouth out with his finger till I could breath
again,"Don`t die on me,it`s your fault I cum in your mouth so much,you are one
hell of a cock sucker".

He left me sitting there while he got a drink it was obviously alcohol he sat
beside me sipping it with one hand and playing with my tit`s with the other,"Do
you know what`s next darling,your cute but-hole,I,m going to turn you over on
your tummy, get your but up in the air,spread them fine leg`s and screw me some
cute ass-hole the trouble is I bet you are going to be real tight and I hope I
can do you long and hard enough before cuming I want to do your beautiful ass
justice,so you just lay there and I,ll fetch the jell,rub some on old cocky,
push some up your but and very soon you will be one buggered little darling,now
try and miss me sweetheart, I won`t be long".

He got a large arm roll dragged me up and turned me on to it,It was so big I was
almost kneeling, he dragged me back a bit laughing out,"Must get them tit`s
swinging,must have something to hold on to while I fuck this cute ass",he lifted
one leg up and moved it apart then the other just letting it drop to the side,I
was totaly open and exsposed,"Oh dear,well if your not going to close your legs
I,m going to have to have that ass of yours you are a naughty girl,giving me the
old come on", as he said that he slapped me hard,"Wow that felt good,it`s so
firm and round,a perfect target,let`s have a few more", slap,slap,slap I may not
have been able to move but I could still feel and he knew it,so the slaps
continued until he decided his hand was to sore to carry on anyway he was hard
and ready to fuck,I didn`t know which was worse the slapping or preparing to be
abused in the worst possible way but I soon found out.

I felt the jell being pushed up me and his crude remarks about me being to tight
for his finger let alone his cock and how it was going to be the best yet, he
took delight in telling me the nine year old was good but did`nt have tit`s to
hang on too like I had then I felt his finger being replaced by his jell covered
cock, he pushed and pushed slowly then harder making in roads into my
defenceless bottom then he yelled and with one final shove the head slid in, he
just kept going deeper and deeper all the way in before the ramming started in
and out hard then soft,kneeling up and driving with his hips then laid across my
back pulling on my sore nipples, on and on he went relentless slapping me harder
and harder,stinging my bottom, loving every moment as he defiled my last
innocent place until he again poured his filth into me.

He rocked back on his heels pulling his vile cock out of me,"I ain`t fucked that
much and that well, for a long time I think I deserve a bit of a rest,as for you
my little shager lets get you sorted out,must clean that pretty face,I,m afraid
I only have alcohol but it will clean my cum off and lets brush your hair, must
have you looking nice for Mr Cocky "he got off the bed did my hair and cleaned
my face then pulled my bodice and dress back over my shoulders and buttoned it
up,"Cant have you catching cold now can we, I need all your working parts at
their best,now lets tie you up nice and tight, can`t have you running off,"he
tied my wrist`s tight behind me then my ankles,dragging them up and tying them
to my wrist rope`s,he slid his hand between my legs and played my bottom and
tickled my cunt,"Better stop this or I,ll get a hard on again and much as I want
to fuck you over and over, I must get an hours sleep,by the way you won`t be
needing your pants ever again so I,ll take those to bed with me I like that
pungent smell of a young cunt under my nose, how about we will make an early
start, well maybe not that early I may need another good fuck out of you before
we go".

I was very uncomfortable,tied the way I was and very scared so I did`nt sleep I
just listened to his snoring,I could start to move,what ever he had done to me
was wearing off, I could feel again,it was Toh-Toh he was chewing through my
ropes all of a sudden my legs were free, we must get out quick,that was my first
thought so I tip toed to the door opened it with difficulty as my hands were
still tied behind me and ran and ran as fast as we could, hoping we were going
in the right direction,yes there in the distance was the farm,there was the
wood,the wood shed beside the old abandon cabin I kept on running almost to
exhaustion,when I saw the three hired hands,Zeke,Hunk and Hickorey

They caught me as I fell,"Dorothy what are you doing here we were told you had
left a note and run away,never to be seen again and here you are,why are you all
tied up", I found my breath and told them I had written the letter in a sulk and
hid in the wood some-one jumped me,tied my hands behind my back and was going to
kidnap me, I dare`nt tell them the truth, but what I said was no use, they still
did`nt believe me, they all agreed I stank of alcohol,they were adamant  I must
tell them the truth or they would make me, I didn`t know what to do as they
turned me towards the old cabin and marched me in there,made me sit on the
bench, they made it clear I would`nt be untied untill I  had told them the
truth,they made up some story about being worried that I may be drunk, I may
even try getting  them in trouble to cover up what ever bad thing I had
done,what a ridicules thing to think I must try and reason with them.

As I was trying to reason with them,Hickory was walking round looking at me as I
sat on the bench,he came and sat beside me and put his hand on my knee and
slowly went up the side of my leg taking my dress with him,I told him to stop it
but he just grinned at me, I told him I would report him to my Aunty,Zeke
said,"But your not here,you have run away never to be seen again,it`s up to us
if you see your Aunt again."

By this time Hickory had got my dress up to my hip and he whispered to
everybody,"I thought I,d seen right, she ain`t got no pants on,"the others got
up and came around me,I stuttered,"I can explain I MMMMMMPPPP,"Hunk`s hand
covered my mouth,"We don`t want you to explain we just want to do what, we have
wanted to do to you for a long while, that's get our hands up your dress and
have us a feel round,"Zeke looked at both of them,"Oh for fuck sake,lets tie her
pretty ankles to gether,that means she ain`t running no where,then untie her
wrists get her naked and string her up to that old beam,then we can have some
real funin with little miss prim,"I protested but to no use and in moments I was
naked and tied to a beam and the three of them looked at me as Zeke licked his
lips.

Hunk was the first to speak,"Well boy`s we have wanted her like this for a long
while,now we have her what shall we do first,"Hickory smiled,"That`s easy,for
the amount of times she has run away from us I reckon a good whippen is on the
cards,enough to make her agree to do, what ever we want  her too,"Zeke stood
right in front of me,"Well Dorothy Gale how does it feel to be our prisoner,I
hope you enjoy it, I can`t wait to see you squealing and jumping when your
friend Hunk gives you a switchin that's just to make you co-operative when we
play with you and with what I have planned you won`t be able to remember
much,"he smiled and bent his head down and kissed my breasts first one then the
other as I shook with fear.  

Hunk was picking out a thin cane I begged him,"Please don`t cane me, please
don`t, I don`t deserve it,I,ll tell you everything,please don`t hurt me,"he
grinned back,"Oh but you do deserve it all those times you would`nt let me see
your cunt and tit`s in the bath house or you ran off when I wanted to feel up
your dress,you could have stood round the back of the barn and let me get my
fingers in your pants and then finger your cunt,you could have let me kiss your
tit`s but no you had to run off well now you ain`t going no where and I,m going
to whip me some pretty pink ass."

I looked at the other two for mercy as the first stroke of the cane shook
me,they just smiled as I swung round on the rope,crying and sobbing,waiting for
the next,it came,this time at the top of my legs,spinning me round,Zeke
straightened me up and put his hand on my cunt,all I said was"No more,"when the
third hit me, driving me forward on to the hand,Zeke smiled,"Oooooo that's nice
give me another handful,"as the fourth and fith hit, he pushed his finger in
me,I sobbed ,"No more please,"Zeke said,"Oh yes you gonna get some more for
calling us names,now whos heartless or gutless or brainless,"as he said each
word another whip hit my bottom,"How about we tie your wrists to your ankles and
put the beam rope around your waist, we will have you nicely bent over then we
can ether cane it or fuck it."

Flood`s of tears cascaded down my face as they busily prepared me for there
perverse enjoyment,I could have been sick as they looked at me,helplessly bent
and at their mercy,"I,d like to whip her a bit more,that nice round butt looks
awful tempting but something in my trouser`s tells me to fuck the little
madam,besides there is always tomorrow"I turned my head to see all of them
taking off their overalls and as they undid their long-john buttons,three hard
long cocks were aimed at me.Hunk came around behind me and I felt the end of his
cock pushing into me as he did Zeke was stood infront and I knew it was
pointless to fight,I opened my mouth and soon I was being told to suck,use my
tongue and kiss this hard long vile thing stuck in my mouth.

The two of them worked on me as Hickory stood at the side needing my
breasts,Hunk shoved forward,Zeke shoved me back and that's how they went on
until I felt them speed up and fill me with a lot of their cream,as they pulled
out my poor sore bottom was the aim of Hickory and soon he was in and the
pounding started all over again.When he had come,I was in no position to stop
them doing what ever they liked,they kept me tied ,even on my knees with all of
them using my mouth,then over a sawing frame having my ass buggered again and
again,holding my breads,pulling my head back,riding me,as the others gropped my
hanging breasts or made me kiss their cocks hard again, then on the filthy floor
as they laid on top of me grunting in my face taking it in turns to fuck my
cunt,their hard cocks ramming in to me for hours,they even made me thank them
for my fucking when they decided it was time for them to leave,but what was to
happen to me.

What I hadn`t remembered was what Zeke had said about me not remembering, well I
soon found out,Zeke had some white powder and after they had tied me tight for
the night they put two straws up my nostrils held my mouth shut very tight,then
I got a punch in the stomach which made me breath heavy and the straws were
dipped into the white powder and I breathed it in.Everything seemed to change as
the three men left me tied and naked on the floor.

I seemed to float,I seemed to be looking down on the farm and there was Aunty Em
and I was leaving getting higher and then spinning down,I could see Toh-Toh he
looked bigger than I remembered and there was a caravan with lots of people
round it but they were smaller than I remembered people should be, I landed with
a thump and tried to get up but the people were all over me holding me
down,funny little witch like women and little men they kept saying they were the
lolly-pop men but they would`nt let me move I could see Toh-Toh in the distance
he seemed very big now and he was with a man, they all chanted for him Ozzy,Ozzy
and he and Toh-Toh came towards me,looked at me and said,"Meet the people of
Rainbow county,they have been dieing to meet you,they what to see you,they have
paid good money to see you, NAKED,"and he through his head back and laughed as
hands started to cover my body.

My dress was starting to dissolve in front of me soon I had nothing on,still the
little people held me but this time they were touching me,the women were playing
with my cunt and their hands were so small instead of them fingering me they
could get their hands in me and they were tickling inside me and that wetness
was starting again.The men were holding my arms and my head, their stubby little
fingers were pushing at my lips I wanted to bite them but I couldn`t,then one
stood over me and reached in his trousers and pulled out a very fat cock, they
all looked at me and said,"See his lolly-pop we all have one and your going to
suck them all".

The tickling up between my legs was having an effect and I was starting to
move,the giggling from them was deafening the more they played with me the more
my sensitive parts became aroused,the harder I started to breath, heavier and
heavier, the men were running their cocks over my breasts and nipples then my
mouth, jostling for the chance to push in,inevitable it happened and my head was
being turned left and right,my mouth filled, sucking various size`s of thick
male meat that was being pushed to the back of my throat,untill their cream was
oozing from my lips,all the time Ozzy was encouraging them,I could hear him in
the background,"Go on my little ones get her hot,horney and ready to fuck,make
her our cocksucking whore,I want to make sure she is hot enough to do a friend
of mine a favour."

Soon the continuous playing with my body had me delirious and I needed something
in me to relieve me to fuck me,that's when Ozzy pulled the little midgets off
me,I immediately went to play with myself but my arms where held,Ozzy looked
down at me,"Ready to do my friend a favour you have been his mistress all his
life now he wants to be your master,so just lay back and enjoy it,she`s all
your`s Toh-Toh,have fun".

I was still held wide by my arms and legs as Toh-Toh came over to me,"My Toh-Toh
how big you are,now chase these horrid people away and then we can go home,go on
do as your told,"he looked down at me with a growl come grin on his face bent
his head down and liked my face then he went down to my nipples and started to
lick them,he put his paw between my legs then started to push his ankle joint
into my cunt,I gasped and as I did his tongue snaked up and drove into my
mouth,licking and probing all around,tickling my tongue with his,searching down
into my throat then slowly drawing out licking my lips,he returned to my nipples
and then went further down licking me all the way until he reached my bush and
then he was pushing his tongue up my cunt,I had never felt anything that long
and wet and when it wiggled in side me my wetness started to flow to the point
where I could not control my body,I dug my heels into the ground and pushed my
hips up to the greedy lapping tongue.

As soon as my hips were up,Toh-Toh moved forward and clamped his paws to me and
I felt something thick and hard between my legs pushing upwards,I tried to say
no but every time I open my mouth that long tongue invaded it again,something
was going in me,a strange shape it was long,very long and wet,touching me in
place`s I didn`t know I had and oh it felt good,Toh-Toh was fucking me also
licking my nipples and I was responding,I lay there with my hips pushing up as
my own dog enjoyed fucking my cunt,I stared upwards into the faces of the
midgets and they were laughing at me as I was going into an orgasm,I came twice
before Toh-Toh splat into me,then pulled out and lay between my legs licking my
juice,then he moved up and laid across my face with his big red cock touching my
mouth,he nipped at my nipples till I opened my mouth and took his cock  in
cleaning my juice and his cum off it with my tongue,when  suddenly I was back in
the cabin and Hickory was running his cock around my mouth,"Morning,back with
us, I bet that was some trip,hope your ready for another day of fucking because
we are,open up and start sucking".

They kept me prisoner for days and then made me sniff the white powder, I
visited that place again,I was beginning to look forward to my trips it made me
feel happy and it was a nice change from being tied up, spanked and fucked all
day in different positions by the three men,they abused me when they took me to
the toilet,they even feed me by using their cocks as spoons until one day I woke
in my own bed,I looked around and down to where Uncle Henry was between my legs
sucking my cunt,he smiled up at me,I said,"Stop it where's Aunty Em,please Uncle
Henry please stop that,you can`t do that to me,"he still smiled,"I,m afraid
Aunty Em`s dead,she had a heart attack, so all you have is me to look after
you,you will live here with me,oh and by the way I can do this to you,"he went
back down on me,"No No I can`t, where would I sleep, what would I do,"he pulled
me out of the bed,"Please no I,m still naked,"he never stopped smiling,"Oh yes
naked,that`s something else you will have to get used too, I like you like
that," he took me to the storm cellar,down the steps and into the room,there was
Hickory,Hunk and Zeke all working on pulleys and ropes hanging from beams, the
walls where covered in whips and canes,he put his arm over my shoulder and held
my left breast,"This is your new play room where we will keep you and if your
not here you will be in bed with any of us, as often as we want you,as you can
see, over there is a bowl of white powder which I know you really want and you
can have as much of it as you like,only after we have played with you and fucked
you and you have sucked us off into that beautiful mouth of yours, there will be
no problem getting you as much as you need,in fact we can get lots of it
provided you play with the sheriffs cock when he comes to visit,so if you need
it just click your heels we will come running, fuck you, then you can sniff it
till your hearts content,the sheriff gets it from a friend of his called Ozzy
somewhere over in Rainbow County and if anybody asks us about you,we will tell
them that's where you are,with OZ, SOMEWHERE OVER AT RAINBOW.


                                                                   PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





