BDSM Library - Pony Girl Bondage




Pony Girl Bondage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story about pony training of several girls, involving submission, discipline, training and pony trading.
Pony Girl Bondage

CHAPTER 1
The subject of pony girl bondage has never been fully
explored until recently and then only inadequately. For
readers who are unfamiliar with pony girls an explanation
and description is in order. A pony girl is
a human girl/woman who is trained as a real horse and acts
as a real horse would. Bizarre it has been called
by some, exotic by others, exciting by all.

Often female slaves will be acquired for this purpose,
or suitable girls will be acquired and submit willingly
or are forced into becoming pony girls.

Some of the required physical attributes in a female slave
to be a pony girl are: strong legs proportionate
to other measurements, not too short overall, reasonably
well-endowed tits with normal nipples and aureoles, and
youthfulness and energy. Hair on their bodies particularly
their cunt is NEVER permitted under any circumstances.
Regular shaving of the cunt hair, legs and rest of the body
is required as well as daily depilatory application to keep
the hair from growing back. Head hair is never allowed below
the shoulders. Obesity, or being overweight is also another
prohibition. Daily cunt hair depiliation and shaving serves
several purposes; as reminders of her submission to her
Master or Mistress, of her proper place, discipline,
punishment for disobedience, and finally it serves to
further her submission and cultivates a proper attitude by
humiliation. Keeping the pony girls' V and cunt shaven is a
sign of her submission and serves as a reminder to her of
that submission.

Proper mental attitude is achieved through training and
discipline administered on a daily basis. Mental attitude
includes obedience to her Master/Mistress's orders, either
spoken or indicated with various control devices such as the
reins, riding crop or in the case of a pony girl who is well
advanced in training, knee pressure on her body by her
rider. Also essential is the desire of the pony girl to
please her Master/Mistress. At the beginning of this novel I
stated that it was about the training of pony girls. Mental
attitudes instilled in a pony girl is done in stages. Each
stage building on the previous one. The first stage is
obedience, whether or not it is voluntary. The second is
enjoyment of the pain and pleasures experienced. The third
stage is enjoyment of the pain and or pleasures because that
is what the Master or Mistress wishes. The fourth stage and
final stage is the desire to please her Master or Mistress
in whatever way they wish. Once a pony girl desires to
please her Master or Mistress then they are fully trained.
Implicit in the final stage is full and complete voluntary
obedience, enjoyment of the pain or pleasures as well as the
desire to please. One point about the final stage; it is not
uncommon for a Master or Mistress to give, sell or lend a
pony girl or slave to another Master or Mistress and the
pony girl or slave girl should feel honored if that is what
her Master or Mistress wishes since it pleases her Master or
Mistress. Also she should feel pleased that she has brought
her Master or Mistress pleasure.

Pony girls are sold, traded , bred, raced and exercised
in manners similar to real horses. They are also sometimes
bred for their tit milk, which some enjoy as
connoisseurs.

An essential part of their training includes proper
responses to the pull of the reins, tugs on the bit
and strokes of the crop or whip.

One of the first lessons a pony girl must learn is, once she
is harnessed to a cart or wagon, is to present her buttocks
for the stroke of the crop or whip to start her ride or
lesson at her Master or Mistresses' command. This is done by
the pony girl simply arching her back thus presenting her
buttocks for the stroke.

She should arch her back in such a way to make it easy for
the whip's stroke to be placed close to the point where her
ass cheeks meet the top of her legs. She must also learn
when pulling a cart or wagon or when saddled, to high step
keeping her knees high and well apart with each step she
takes. She must become accustomed to the underneath rein
going between her legs, as well as the reins attached to her
bridle and bit, and the bearing rein keeping her head held
back in proper posture. Blinders may be attached to the
sides of her head bridle so that she can concentrate on
where she is going. It may be necessary for her
Master/Mistress to use the whip or crop on each cheek of her
ass with each step she takes to keep her high stepping with
her knees well up and apart. It also is desirable for the
Master to use the whip simply to keep her moving properly.
The humiliation the pony girl will feel with each step she
takes, showing off her nether lips, her shaven V area and
the jingle of the bells as she moves and the swaying her of
tits and the display of their decorations and the swish of
the tail insert, plus the red marks of the lash on her
behind are absolutely essential in her training and
necessary for development of her submission and attitude.
She needs to get used to strokes of the whip or crop on her
body and ass from time to time, and move where here
Master/Mistress directs her with the strokes.

She must also become used to being put on display for
other Masters or Mistresses. She must become accustomed
to being milked, if that is what her Master or Mistress
desires; this can either be done by hand or machine. Most
owners prefer the hand method as it humiliates and further
instills a proper attitude in the pony girl.

Others prefer simply to suck on the tits as a refreshing
drink or to further her embarrassment as this also produces
the required submissiveness.

She must also expect, if the Master desires, to have her
nipples pierced and possibly the nether lips of her cunt for
the insertion of rings for control purposes.
The rings inserted in her nipples or cunt's nether lips may
have reins attached to further control her, or weights or
bells may be attached if she is to be disciplined or put on
display for show or sale.

One essential piece of equipment is the high collar ALL pony
girls wear to force them to keep their heads held high, and
the bearing rein assists in this. It also is locked on and
has several O rings on it for the attachment of leashes and
chains. Chains may be attached to the collar rings and then
to her nipple or cunt rings for further control or display
purposes.

The collar may also be made of metal as could her wrist and
ankle cuffs; if this is the case they are soldered
or riveted on. The collar also is a reminder to her of her
submission and the fact she is owned by her Master.
The collar also may have an ID tag attached with her name,
measurements and other pertinent information.

One of the hardest pieces of equipment for the new pony girl
to become used to is the bit. This is inserted in her mouth
between her teeth and over her tongue and is buckled tightly
rendering speech impossible.

The girth belt strapped and buckled tightly around her waist
with rings for attaching her and the saddle straps around
her waist and below her tits are also essential pieces of
equipment for training. There may also be, depending on her
Master or Mistress's desires, asshole stretchers, tail
attachments or insertions, as well as variously shaped
smooth or ribbed insertions in her cunt. Her nipples may
have bells or tassels attached as well as glitter being
applied.

Her mouth may or may not have lipstick on it, red is a
common color for this. She will have her feet shod in shoes
that are buckled and locked on or have horseshoes attached
to protect her feet or she may be barefoot.

The underneath rein which can be used either when the pony
girl is saddled or pulling a cart furthers her submission
and training by forcing her to display her nether lips each
time she high steps. It also can cause her to become over-
excited since it rubs against her
cunt lips thus possibly causing her to orgasm or cum
furthering her humiliation or excitement. She may require
discipline or a sound whipping if this situation occurs
without her Masters' permission or desire.

She may also require strong discipline if there is detected
resistance to being trained, milked, shaved,
being put on display, being harnessed or acceptance of the
bit or being sold or lent to another Master or Mistresses,
or disobedience, or lack of submission. The most common
problem occurs with resistance to being bred with a stud.
This ALWAYS requires a hard, strong, severe whipping in
order for the proper attitude and submission necessary for
the breeding to occur.

Pony girls are housed in stalls covered with soft straw on
the floor for sleeping, rings on the wall to hold her in
various positions while being harnessed or decorated or
shaved. Locked doors are essential as well as no windows.
Food is provided through a water bucket that is filled with
water or other drink and a feed bag for the solid food. Use
of her hands to eat is absolutely forbidden and must be
punished IMMEDIATELY. She is fed only while being watched
and the drink bucket and feed bag are removed immediately
upon her finishing. She is also groomed every day as well as
bathed by washing her down with a hose of cold water.
Otherwise in her stall she is unharnessed and free except
for cunt and or asshole inserts or stretchers and perhaps a
suitable ball or penis-shaped gag or bridle. The head gear
may or may not be removed.

She may also have blinders on or in extreme cases a full
discipline helmet complete with ear plugs.
Discipline/whippings are either administered on the spot
where the infraction occurred or in her stall or in the
stable's common room in front of the other mares to cause
her humiliation thus furthering her training in submission.

Care must be taken during the administration of discipline,
daily exercising, punishments and whippings
so as not to permanently leave marks or welts or scars on
the pony girl's body as these would decrease her worth and
sale value and decrease her attractiveness and possibly
cause increased training time due to resentment.

This does not rule out branding or semi-permanent markings
(i.e.: tattoos) for identification purposes.
Branding is done either on the inside upper left thigh
or on high on the buttocks just above the cheeks where the
curve meets the spine. Distinctive and small are the
guidelines for brands. Brands serve not only as identifying
marks but also further her humiliation and submission.
Tattoos are placed where the Master or Mistress desires and
should be designed with
an eye to increasing the pony girls' value and
attractiveness, as well as appreciated resale value.
She must also to get used to pulling a cart with another
mare or mares as part of a team.

At various times her Master or Mistress may desire the pony
girl to sexually please him/her in various ways, in this she
needs also to be not only ready , willing and able to please
but also essential is the desire and/or need to please her
Master or Mistress in whatever way they desire as well as
showing the proper enthusiasm while doing so.

A note regarding tail attachments; the tail attachment
is typically inserted in her asshole and has a retaining
ring at its end to prevent her pushing it out.

It is typically left in for long periods of time since it
serves to humiliate her further and also stretches her
asshole, the better for her Master to use if he desires. It
is usually replaced by plugs of increasing width so that the
permanent widening of her asshole is effectively
accomplished. First insertions usually require strong
discipline with the crop on her ass to insure she relaxes
her sphincter so that the insertion can be made.

Usually 5 or 6 hard strokes of the crop across both ass
cheeks just short of welt raising is sufficient. If her
asshole seems too small to accept it, it is usually forced
in anyway since asshole sphincters are very elastic and in
time will widen to accept it more easily.

If when first bridled she refuses to accept the bit, threat
of punishment may be sufficient to make her submit or it may
be necessary to pinch her nipples or nose hard enough to
make her open her mouth, during which time the time the bit
can be quickly inserted.

Resistance to having her V shaved may require several
strokes of the crop across her ass or front upper thighs or
her tits for submission.

Care should be taken to NOT produce lasting marks or welts
unless deemed necessary by her Master/Mistress.
A further note on the potential breeding problems; long
strong legs on the mare usually produce the same on the
fillies if the stud is similar. Physical attractiveness
qualities should also be as closely matched as possible
to produce similar offspring.

Immediately after whelping the fillies from the mare
separation of them is vital. Two or three fillies/foals from
one mare is slightly above average for the length of the
mare's breeding lifetime, but not abnormal to expect from a
healthy stud and mare. After 2 or 3 offspring having the
mare spayed is the usual routine.

Tit milk produced during this time is NOT essential for the
fillies/foals. Milk from the pony girls' tits can also be
induced to start artificially either by hand manipulation or
by machine or in some cases medicinally. If it is decided to
milk her , daily milking should begin as soon as she starts
to lactate. The milk produced can be used as the
Master/Mistress desires. The milking can be done by machine
or by hand, the preferred method. One simply has the pony
girl bend over a low post or railing to which she is tightly
tied and thus her tits are hanging free. Each tit is then
grasped around the base and the nipple is squeezed until
milk begins to flow into the bucket or basin below.
Squeezing of the nipples and tit several times may be
necessary as well as stretching or pulling the nipple.

Daily exercising and training is usually in the corral.
Several turns around the corral while attached to the
training leash complete with bit and bridle and the whip to
ensure she high steps properly should suffice. Likewise with
a cart or wagon attached or when saddled.

Some notes on display and potential problems as well as
displaying for sale or breeding. When the pony girl is put
on show , she may be part of a race to demonstrate her speed
and training or she may be displayed to show off her
physical attributes or both. When she is on
display for show purposes, she should keep her feet close
together, arch her back to thrust out her tits and ass and
keep her head held high and well back. The bearing rein can
assist in proper head posture. She should expect to be
examined for strong teeth, weight
and shape of her tits, tightness of her cunt and assholes,
strength of legs, overall smoothness of her body,
excitability and submissive and obedience attitude. She may
be easily examined for tightness of cunt and assholes by
simply having her bend over with her legs spread apart so
that fingers or other inserts may be put inside her exposed
holes. Tit weight, feel and consistency may be examined by
simply palming each one.

They should feel smooth and soft yet firm and the heft
should be appropriate for their size. The nipples should not
be too large nor the aureoles. When fingers are inserted in
her cunt they should be moved around while inside her to
test the tightness and degree of wetness and likewise for
her asshole. Her asshole should be reasonably tight and not
seem too loose. Wetness of the fingers after withdrawing
them is an indicator of excitability, and pinching her tits
or nipples or giving her a few strokes across her ass or
tits with a crop and then examining by hand her cunt for
wetness is another good indicator for excitability.

It is expected that she will excite fairly easily after
having her cunt examined or her nipples pinched.

Also after a few strokes of the crop across her ass she
should be somewhat wet. The degree depends on her
submissiveness and level of training.

When a pony girl is put on display for sale purposes along
with all the above tests and indicators to examine a few
more need to be looked at. She should when told to display
herself assume a posture of kneeling back on her heels with
her legs spread wide apart, back arched to thrust out her
tits and if her hands and arms are free to lace her fingers
together behind her neck tightly. Or if her arms are not
free she should either kneel or stand and keep her feet
close together and arch her back to thrust out her tits and
ass for inspection. She should be taught to stand with her
legs wide apart and her fingers locked behind her neck,
arching her back to emphasize her tits and ass if her hands
are free. She should also recite various formulas of
submission, such as : "I hope I please you Master/Mistress.
or I am yours to command, or very common : My mouth, ass,
cunt and tits are for you , Master/Mistress, to use as you
desire." She should also be taught how to bow her forehead,
touching the floor at her Master/Mistress's
feet.

She should also be taught or demonstrate her submission by
kissing the crop or whip both before and after being
disciplined as well as thanking her Master or Mistress. She
should also be taught how to display her tightness and
wetness by bending over with wide spread legs and part her
cunt lips with the fingers of one hand and then inserting a
finger in herself slowly move it in and out. Additionally
she should be taught to caress her body , cupping her tits
and pinching her nipples tweaking them to erectness.

Daily discipline with the crop is essential. Welts may be
expected to last for a few hours or for several days
depending how hard they were delivered. If the skin is
broken there may be scars unless immediate medical
aid is administered. Daily discipline with the whip or crop
should consist of 10 to 20 strokes with the crop on her ass
or tits and several between her legs with the lash. She may
or may not be gagged during this time.

The number of strokes along with the daily number
recommended for discipline may be increased depending upon
the severity of her offense and degree of punishment it
warrants as determined by her
Master/Mistress, a riding crop or cane may be used as
desired or deemed necessary.

Weights or clips may be attached to her nipples or rings to
increase the degree of pain and punishment and humiliation
she will feel.

Now that you have an idea of what a pony girl is and what a
pony girl does and what problems may be
encountered the following story can be more readily
appreciated and savored.

End Part 1




Part 2

Annabelle had answered an ad for models and telephoning she
had been given an address to go to for an interview.
Arriving she was shown into an office by a woman who asked
her a number of questions, like what were her measurements
and was her hair natural or not but not any about her
experience. Shortly Annabelle was told she had the job and
that it was modeling a line of clothes at private parties
for their clients. Telling her to go home and she would be
contacted Annabelle did so. A few days later Annabelle was
called and given an address to go to for her first
assignment and that when she got there she would be told
what to do and wear. Annabelle went to the address the woman
had given her which was near the waterfront. Answering the
door was another woman who showed her inside to a bedroom
where she told Annabelle to strip down completely and put on
what she found in the closet. She then left and closed the
door leaving Annabelle alone. Annabelle reached behind her
and unzipped her dress letting it fall to the floor and
stepped out of her shoes.

Clad now in a half slip and lacy bra she reached behind her
back to unclip her bra and bent slightly forward as she let
the cups drop away to reveal her large full tits crowned
with her erect nipples. Putting her fingers in the waistband
of her half-slip she slid that down over her long legs to
join the pile of clothing gathering at her feet. Then she
slipped off her thin panties in one smooth motion and they
joined the rest of her clothes. Sitting on the bed she
unhooked her garter belt and rolled her stockings down her
shapely legs and stood up stretching her arms. Annabelle was
about 5'5" with golden light blonde hair on her head and
tits that were very full and didn't sag in spite of their
size and her cunt hair was natural. She had a sweet curve to
her hips and a jutting smooth white ass to match. Now
completely naked she walked over to the closet and opened
it.

Inside she saw a short leather skirt and a leather bolero
top and some other leather things hanging on hooks that she
didn't recognize and some steel manacles. She put on the
short skirt and leather top and smoothed them down over her
flat stomach. She had to breathe in before she could get the
single button on the bolero top to close and even then it
was tight and her erect nipples poked it outwards. Looking
in a mirror hanging on the wall she studied her image. The
skirt barely covered her full ass and the twin cheeks of her
behind and the cleft between could just be seen. Her light
blonde cunt hair just peeked out from under the bottom of
the short leather skirt. The bolero top barely covered her
full tits as they strained against the material and it left
her midriff completely bare and it had little bows tied
holding it closed at its top and sides. Annabelle felt very
sexy and excited and almost naked as she studied her image
in the mirror. Her reverie was interrupted by the woman
coming back in the room asking why she wasn't ready yet. The
woman looked her over and then walked over to the closet and
took out some of the leather things Annabelle hadn't
recognized. Ignoring Annabelle's protests and telling her to
lift her hair out of the way she buckled a high leather
collar with D rings tightly around Annabelle's slim neck
which she then locked with a small padlock forcing Annabelle
to keep her head back and held high.

Taking ahold of Annabelles wrists she put soft leather cuffs
around each buckling them tightly and then padlocked them
with small locks. The wrist cuffs also had some rings around
them. Then bending she made Annabelle lift each of her legs
and buckled around her ankles another set of leather cuffs
also with some rings. Then before Annabelle could react she
pulled her hands up to her collar and clipped her wrists to
rings near its back thrusting Annabelle's full tits out even
more against the tight bolero top. This position forced
Annabelle's elbows up and back and made the thin material of
the leather top almost pop open.

She bent and connected a small length of chain to
Annabelle's ankle cuffs making her take short mincing steps.
Then grabbing her by her arm she pulled Annabelle out of the
room to begin her first assignment.

The smooth tile of the floor felt strangely cool to
Annabelle's bare feet as she was pushed into the room
in which there were several men and women. She led Annabelle
over to them holding her by her arms and invited them to
examine the material. One of the men lifted her short skirt
in front feeling the material exposing her blonde cunt hair
and Annabelle felt herself turn red. He had the woman turn
her around and he lifted the back of skirt exposing
Annabelle's soft white ass and the cleft between them to his
gaze and Annabelle blushed again as his fingers lightly
brushed her cheeks. Then he let it drop and had her turned
around facing him and started fingering the tight bolero top
running his fingers along the seams and also pushing against
Annabelle's soft tits. When he tugged on it to test the
button it unexpectedly popped open with her tits bouncing
slightly and exposed Annabelle' full tits to his gaze and
her nipples started to harden in the cool air. She tried to
pull her arms down to cover herself but the hooks clipping
her wrists to her collar prevented that. He told the woman
he wanted to examine the material of the skirt more closely
and she tugged down the zipper of the skirt Annabelle was
wearing making her reluctantly step out of it and then gave
it to him.

Annabelle was now naked in front of them from her waist down
with her blonde cunt hair fully exposed and she tried to
cover herself by twisting around and bending from her waist
but the woman holding her pulled her upright with a harsh
smack to her smooth jutting ass telling her to properly
display the material. She bent Annabelle forward so he could
examine top more closely and Annabelle's full tits hung down
in his face and one of her nipples lightly brushed his cheek
causing an electric like shock to go thru Annabelle.

Then telling the woman he wanted to feel the bolero top more
she untied the little bows at its sides and slipped it off
Annabelle and gave it to him. She pulled Annabelle upright
again in front of them as her tits jiggled with the movement
and bounced slightly. Annabelle was now completely naked in
front of them and started to struggle but the cuffs on her
ankles and wrists were very strong and the woman held her
tightly in place. One of the women said she wanted to see
how strong the cuffs were so the woman holding Annabelle
forced her over to face the wall where there were little
snap hooks on it running up and down. Turning Annabelle
around she unclipped the link holding Annabelle's left wrist
to her collar and quickly lifted it above her head to one of
the overhead hooks on the wall and clicked the hooks
together holding Annabelles' wrist immobile. She unsnapped
the other clip holding Annabelle's other wrist to her collar
and clipped that to the other hook above Annabelle's head
then bent and unhooked the chain connecting Annabelle's
ankle cuffs and forcing Annabelle's legs apart snapped the
rings on her cuffs to matching hooks in the floor spreading
her legs wide apart. Annabelle was now spread-eagled
completely naked on the wall with her wrists and ankles held
tightly in place by the leather cuffs. She blushed a bright
red from her cheeks to the top her tits and down to her
navel and tried to turn her face to the wall but her
position on the wall and her jutting ass cheeks pushing on
the wall didn't allow her much movement. One of the men got
up and walked over to her saying he wanted to look at the
collar more closely.
He ran a finger along it and tugged on one of its rings
roughly pulling on Annabelle's neck and then he lightly ran
his finger along her bound arm up to her wrist causing
chills to go thru Annabelle. Bending to her ankle cuffs he
felt the cuff on her left ankle and then ran his hand up her
leg and lightly patted her cunt hair. He ran his hand up
over her smooth stomach towards her full jutting tits then
stopped just underneath them. "Nice merchandise" he said as
he returned to his seat.

A few minutes later the woman who was the host and also
Annabelle's employer left the room and the others followed
her leaving Annabelle alone. She hung on the wall for what
seemed like hours but actually was only a 1/2 hour when the
woman returned. Releasing Annabelle from the wall she led
her back into the bedroom and told Annabelle to relax for a
little while before the next show.

Returning shortly the woman told her to get up and get ready
for the next show. She did not remove Annabelle's collar or
ankle and wrist cuffs however. Opening the closet door she
pulled out a wide leather belt that she buckled and tightly
cinched around Annabelle's slim waist. Taking Annabelle's
right wrist she forced it behind her back and clipped its
ring to a snap hook hanging from Annabelle's waist belt. She
did the same to Annabelle's other wrist and this had the
effect of thrusting Annabelle's full tits out even more and
make her arch her back pushing her ass upwards. Annabelle's
wrists were tightly held behind her and she started to
tremble and the woman lightly stroked her full quivering
tits and ran her hands over her flat stomach and patted her
ass cheeks as she calmed Annabelle down. Smoothing and
stroking Annabelle's hair she told Annabelle not worry and
that it was all part of the show. She then put a soft
leather blindfold over Annabelle's eyes cutting off
Annabelle's sight and buckled it behind her head and bending
she clipped a short chain to Annabelle's ankle cuffs.
Forcing Annabelle to open her mouth by smacking her smooth
jutting ass cheeks and twisting her nipples she forced in
over Annabelle's teeth a huge leather ball gag that caused
her cheeks to bulge which she then buckled tightly behind
Annabelle's head over her long blonde hair.

Annabelle was still trembling as she took short mincing
steps due to the chain connecting her ankles as she was led
almost naked and bound tightly out of the room by the woman
tugging on a leash she had snapped to one of Annabelle's
collar rings.

Leading her out into the room again she led her over to a
low leather covered platform and stopped at its edge.
Helping Annabelle get up on the platform because of her
ankle chains and blindfold she made Annabelle first kneel
and then lie on the platform on her stomach. The smooth
leather felt very cool and soft to Annabelle as she lay
there on her stomach with her legs and ass thrust up in the
air. Clipping the leash from her collar to a ring on the
side of the platform so Annabelle couldn't move her head she
bent and attached a short chain to the chain connecting
Annabelle's ankles and pulling on it forced Annabelle's feet
towards her waist making Annabelle arch her back more.
Clipping its end to another ring on Annabelle's waist belt
she stepped back to inspect her work. Annabelle' was
effectively hogtied on the low platform with her back arched
thrusting out her ass and gagged and blindfolded and her
head was bound so she couldn't move it easily. The chains
put a strain on Annabelle's back and she wriggled and moaned
softly over her gag thrusting her ass out even more as she
tried to find a comfortable position to lie in. Patting
Annabelle lightly on her ass causing her to jerk in her
tight bondage the woman smiled and told her she would return
shortly with her guests. Before she left she picked up two
leather straps and put them around Annabelle's bent knees
and tied their ends to the side of the platform pulling on
them to spread Annabelle's legs as wide apart as possible.

Shortly Annabelle heard the guests entering the room.
She jerked in her bonds as someone lightly ran their hand
over her smooth ass cheeks and then harshly slapped them.
She tried to move her head and legs but due to her position
all she did was thrust her ass out even more. She felt a
finger running along the inside of her leg going up her
thigh and just touching her exposed cunt lips and stroke the
wisps of hair peeking out from under. Someone lifted her and
pulled her forward on the platform so her tits hung free
over the side and she grunted over her gag as her full
weight settled on her flat stomach.

She felt someone lift and squeeze her full tits weighing
them and then she jerked in her bonds and tried to scream
over her gag as her nipples were cruelly pinched but the
cuffs and chains held her fast.
Then she felt her ass cheeks being stroked, patted and
kneaded and then pulled roughly apart to expose her asshole
and she jerked again in her bonds when a rough finger was
harshly shoved inside her testing her tightness. She tried
to wriggle away when she felt fingers pull apart her cunt
lips and push inside. They wriggled them about and in and
out and as they were pulled out they made a slight popping
sound. She heard them talking about how tight she was in her
ass and how soft and excitable her tits and nipples were and
blushed a deep red as someone remarked that she was also
very wet in her cunt too. Someone said they'd like to get a
better look at her so the woman went over to Annabelle and
released the leash holding her head to the platform so she
could kneel upright. As Annabelle did so her full tits swung
loose and free and bounced slightly as she came erect. Her
knees were still bound wide apart and her leash was pulled
back and clipped to another hook in the platform pulling her
head back and making her arch her back thrusting out her
tits even more. Thru her wide spread knees her blonde cunt
hair could be seen and also her spread cunt lips. She was
still blindfolded as she felt her tits lifted and weighed
again and squeezed and her nipples pulled on and she jerked
in her tight bondage in pain when her nipples were again
cruelly pinched. She felt someone's hand touch her upper
thigh and stroke her cunt hair and toy with her cunt lips.
She moaned and jerked in her bonds as the fingers roughly
pulled her cunt lips apart and suddenly inserted themselves
roughly in her cunt and she sagged in her bonds when they
were finally withdrawn. One of the men said he like to see
how excited Annabelle could get. The woman released the
leash holding her head back only to pull it down forcing
Annabelle's head to the platform again.

Going behind Annabelle and stroking her upthrust ass cheeks
she gently parted Annabelle's cunt lips and started to
insert a 6" wide dildo in her. Annabelle grunted and moaned
in pain as it was forced past her inner tissues and she was
breathing heavily by the time it was all the way in her. She
jerked in her tight bondage as the woman then started to
stroke and play with her clit.

Continuing to play with her clit the woman skillfully
brought Annabelle just to the brink of orgasm and then she
started to withdraw the dildo from Annabelle's cunt and
Annabelle's body shook and trembled in her tight bonds as
she shudderingly came again, again and again. Finally
Annabelle was released from her bonds and allowed to kneel
upright on the small platform. Her hands were still bound
behind her and the blindfold was over her eyes and the chain
connected her ankles and the straps still held her legs wide
apart. Untying her knee straps the woman helped her down
from the platform and led her by her leash back into the
bedroom. Removing the blindfold from Annabelle's eyes and
the gag from her mouth Annabelle flexed her sore jaw muscles
and then the woman released her wrists from behind her back
and unsnapped the chain connecting her ankles but not the
tight belt encircling her waist or her high collar.

Telling her rest and relax for a bit and she could take a
bath or shower if she wished before the final show she
reminded Annabelle to keep the belt and collar on as she
left the room leaving Annabelle lying naked on the bed.

When she left Annabelle went into the small adjoining
bathroom and started to draw a hot bath putting in it while
it was running some bath powder resting on the side of the
tub. Shortly the tub filled up with hot water and bubbles
and Annabelle removed her high collar with the little key
she'd been left by the woman and also her tight belt and
wrist and ankle cuffs.

Easing herself into the water she slowly lay down in it
until the water and bubbles covered her up to her neck and
then lay back and tried to let the hot water do its work and
relax. The hot water had a very relaxing effect on her as
she let it soothe and caress her body as she gently fell
asleep.

When she woke up about 15 minutes later she stepped out of
the tub and drained the water toweling herself dry. She put
perfume from a small bottle she found all over her body
including her full breasts and brushed and combed her hair
and then reluctantly put the high collar about her neck
again not neglecting to lock it with the small padlock. She
put the belt around her waist again and pulled it very tight
and went back out into the bedroom and laid down on the bed
again.

Shortly the woman returned and telling her to stand up again
and put the cuffs back on her wrists and ankles buckling
tighter them than before or so it seemed to Annabelle. She
adjusted her waist belt pulling on it to make it tighter and
had Annabelle breathe in before she finally buckled and
locked it closed. Then she walked over to the closet and
took some more leather things including a full leather
discipline helmet. She took Annabelle's right wrist and
forced it behind her back to snap its a ring to a hook on
her belt and did the same to Annabelle's other wrist making
Annabelle arch her back to relieve the strain and thrust her
out her tits and jutting ass even more. She bent and
reconnected the chain connecting Annabelle's ankle cuffs and
then connected a chain from that to another ring on
Annabelle's waist belt. Going over to Annabelle and making
her open her mouth she inserted the huge leather ball gag
forcing it behind her teeth so her cheeks bulged and buckled
it tightly behind Annabelle's head over her long blonde
hair. She put the blindfold on Annabelle again cutting off
Annabelle's sight cinching the strap very tight.

End of Part 2




Part 3

Annabelle started to tremble again and when she buckled the
strap tightly under Annabelle's chin forcing the huge ball
gag deeper in her mouth Annabelle's full tits started to
shake. Lifting Annabelle's hair she slipped the leather
discipline helmet over her head and smoothed it down over
her face and cheeks and pulled on the laces to draw it
tight. Snapping a chain to a loop on top of the discipline
helmet and pulling on it she made Annabelle's painfully bend
her back more as she tugged on it before snapping it to
another ring on Annabelle's waist.

Annabelle's full luscious tits started quivering with their
erect nipples as they were thrust out to the maximum and her
blonde cunt hair and lips were pushed out prominently.
Annabelle shivered and trembled in her tight bondage and the
woman gently stroked her ass cheeks and ran her hand down
her smooth inner thighs a few times lightly touching her
cunt lips making Annabelle jerk painfully and patted her
cunt hair and caressed her full tits gently pulling on
Annabelle's nipples as she calmed Annabelle down telling her
to just be good and that everything would be fine.

Stroking Annabelle's smooth ass cheeks again and telling
Annabelle not worry and just do as she was told she made
Annabelle in her tight bondage follow her naked and taking
short mincing steps as she tugged on a leash snapped to
Annabelle's collar and pulled on it tugging her out of the
room. Annabelle stumbled due to the short chain between her
ankles and the woman helped her up with a hand in between
her smooth ass cheeks. Annabelle jerked at the touch of her
fingers on her cunt lips and almost stumbled again but the
woman held her upright and dragged her along towards the
other room. Annabelle was still trembling as they entered
the room and the cool air started to harden her nipples as
the woman slapped her on her ass cheeks harshly and told her
just do what she was told as she guided Annabelle over to a
low wooden platform on which was a thick upright post with a
hard rubber end.

She helped Annabelle get on the platform because of her
ankle chains and helmet and Annabelle was still trembling as
the woman made Annabelle kneel down next to the post in her
very tight bondage telling her to spread her knees as wide
apart as she could. The wood felt very hard and rough under
Annabelle's sensitive knees as she was forced down.
Annabelle jerked in her bonds as she felt the womans hands
roughly pull her thighs further apart as she guided
Annabelle's hips over the post until it was just poised at
the entrance to her pussy. Pushing Annabelle down further on
her knees making Annabelle lean slightly foward with her
full tits dangling sexily she gently parted Annabelle's cunt
lips with her fingers spreading them wide open as she forced
Annabelle to lean back and the hard rubber end of the post
slid into her open cunt.

Annabelle squirmed and moaned as the thick post forced its
way in past her tender tissues and she tried to get up but
the woman pushed on her shoulders harder forcing her down
even more. Finally it was all the way in Annabelle's cunt
spreading her lips wide and bulging outward as they gripped
the post obscenely. Annabelle was sobbing and moaning in
pain softly over her gag and breathing heavily when she felt
the woman take her hands off her shoulders. Annabelle
grunted and cried over her gag moving her hips from side to
side as she tried to find a comfortable position.

Bending down the woman snapped the chain connecting
Annabelle's ankles to a ring in the platform so she couldn't
move them and tying some straps tightly around her bent
knees and pulling roughly on them clipped them tightly to
some hooks on the side of the platform forcing her legs
painfully wide apart causing Annabelle to moan again as the
post forced its way further into her tender cunt as her
weight forced her body lower.

The woman then took a pair of shiny steel alligator clamps
connected by a short length of chain and grasped Annabelle's
left breast weighing it in her hand and squeezing hard on it
pulled on Annabelle's nipple stretching it while Annabelle
moaned over her gag and then attached the alligator clamp as
she cried and groaned in pain and jerked on her bonds as the
sharp teeth bit cruelly into her nipple but her chains and
straps held her very tight and almost immobile. She did the
same to Annabelle's right tit and Annabelle yowled anew in
pain as the little jaws bit into her nipple and her full
luscious tits swayed and bounced but she only succeeded in
pushing the post painfully deeper into her cunt. Telling
Annabelle to good and relax she stroked her thighs and
gently patted her ass cheeks and gently pulled on
Annabelle's cunt hair as Annabelle moaned over her gag in
pain. She checked the chains holding Annabelle's ankles down
and made sure the clamps were tightly attached to her
nipples squeezing them and smiling as Annabelle jerked anew
in cruel pain in her tight bonds.

She pulled on Annabelle's knee's making sure they were as
wide apart as they could go and secure in the straps and ran
her hand down over Annabelle's smooth flat stomach feeling
the bulge of the post lower down as it impaled her and left
to show in the guests. Annabelle was spread eagled kneeling
down with her legs spread wide apart showing her cunt hair
and the huge post impaling her cunt exposing her cunt lips
spread wide open as they gripped the post for all to see
moaning and crying softly to herself with her head pulled
back with painful alligator clamps on her full luscious tits
and hard nipples. Annabelle trembled and shivered in her
tight bondage and the woman came up on the platform and
smoothed her flat stomach again and caressed her tits and
smooth ass cheeks seeking to soothe her.

She also squeezed Annabelle's cunt lips gently around the
post to make sure it was tightly inserted and gently stroked
her blonde cunt hair and pulled on the chain on top of
Annabelle's helmet making Annabelle bend her back thrusting
out her full tits with the cruel alligator clamps even more
as Annabelle moaned and cried in her tight bonds before
snapping it tightly to a hook on her belt. Going behind
Annabelle she patted her smooth ass and gently stroked her
cheeks before pulling them wide apart and just lightly
touching Annabelle's asshole with a finger which caused
Annabelle to jerk painfully forward in her bonds. Then she
invited the guests to examine her. Annabelle felt some hands
stroke her smooth soft ass cheeks and run down along inside
her smooth thighs to the straps holding her knees checking
them to make sure they wide apart and very tight. She moaned
over her gag as her chains were pulled making her arch her
back even further while her full tits were squeezed and
caressed. She jerked painfully in her bonds when she felt
some fingers painfully squeeze her cunt lips gripping the
post and pull on her cunt hair. She jerked forward when some
hands roughly slapped her ass cheeks and painfully spread
them to expose her asshole and some fingers were shoved in
to see how tight she was. When someone released her nipples
from the clips she sighed only to jerk and scream in her
bonds as they were cruelly put back on again. She heard a
man say he wanted to see how tight her bonds and sensitive
her skin was.

The woman got up on the platform behind her and gently
stroked her ass cheeks to calm her down as Annabelle started
to tremble in her tight bonds making her full tits bounce
and sway and painfully twist her cunt on the huge post as
she told her to be good. She jerked forward in her tight
bondage crying in pain when she suddenly felt a riding crop
hit her right ass cheek very hard. The blows got harder and
more severe as he used the crop cruelly on her ass leaving
bright red marks where it stung her and she moaned and
started to cry behind her gag and move her cunt up and down
on the post as much as she was able with the chains holding
her tightly down on it.

He didn't stop until her ass was covered in welts and she
was sobbing and crying in her bonds.

Her bulging cunt lips still gripped the post tightly and she
could barely move when he started again this time with a
cane and someone started to whip her tits cruelly in front
causing her to moan and cry and her full tits with the cruel
nipple clamps bounced and swayed as she moaned and tried to
cry out over her gag and the new bruises he raised on her
smooth ass still sore from the crop he had just used caused
her to moan anew in pain and made her push her tits out more
for the whip caressing them and cruelly impale herself
painfully further on the post. She was sweating and moaning
and breathing heavily when she felt the woman come up on the
platform and gently stroke her ass cheeks and pat her tits
and gently squeeze her cunt lips around the post as she told
her that she had been very good so far. Releasing the chain
holding her ankles and unstrapping her knees she helped
Annabelle up off the post only to pull her over on her
stomach making Annabelle yelp in pain as her weight pressed
her tits with the cruel clamps into the rough wood and
pulled on her ankle chains cruelly making Annabelle to arch
her back and spread her legs wider as she snapped it to a
small hook hanging on her waist belt. She pulled Annabelle
on her back again and Annabelle moaned in pain as the welts
on her sore ass rubbed and scraped against the rough wood of
the platform. Caressing Annabelle's full luscious tits she
told her to be good and do as she was told. Bending she tied
the straps tightly on Annabelle's knees again and pulling on
them made her spread her knees as wide apart as they could
go before snapping their ends to hooks on the side of the
platform. Annabelle was now spread eagled completely naked
with her full tits jutting up in the air rising and swaying
as she gasped and moaned in her tight bonds and her legs
pulled wide apart showing her pale blonde cunt hair and her
cunt lips wide open and the alligator clamps still painfully
attached to her nipples.

Someone said he wanted to see how excited she was and the
woman going back on the platform went over to Annabelle and
freed her nipples from the painful clamps with Annabelle
sighing behind her gag. She reached inbetween Annabelle's
widespread legs and gently parted her cuntlips with her
fingers causing Annabelle to jerk in pain as she moved her
ass on the rough wood.

Holding Annabelle's cunt lips wide open with her fingers she
started to push a very very wide wooden dildo into her cunt
and Annabelle grunted and moaned in pain as she cruelly
twisted it and forced it all the way in past her tender
tissues and she bent and started to play with Annabelle's
full tits and nipples sucking and pulling on them as
Annabelle started to breathe harder and gasp and moan.

Shoving and twisting on the dildo with Annabelle moaning and
gasping as she arched her back lifting her sore ass off the
rough hard wood and her full tits cruelly marked with the
lash bouncing up and down. Annabelle groaned with pleasure
and pain as her ass scraped the rough wood as she brought
Annabelle to the brink and then pinched Annabelle's clit
making her scream and moan in pain over her gag and jerk in
her tight bonds as she came again and again dripping onto
the platform with her wide spread legs showing her open cunt
lips and moaning softly in her bondage behind her gag.

Annabelle was breathing heavily as her ankle chains were
released from her waist ring and she was permitted to kneel
on the rough wood and she was flushed bright red from her
tits down to the top of her pale blonde V. The woman forced
her to sit back on her heels and made her arch her back by
tugging harshly on her leash thrusting out her full heaving
tits and cruelly forced Annabelle's legs wider apart with
the heel of her boot as she pulled back on her shoulders
displaying her full heavy sore tits and cunt lips. She felt
someone lift her sore tits and started to cry again as they
were cruelly squeezed and the nipples pinched. She felt
hands feel her soft inner thighs and then she jerked in her
bonds as they roughly parted her wet cuntlips and pushed
inside her sore cunt.

She started to gasp and moan and breathe heavily as they
moved in and out and almost jerked upright when her clit was
cruelly pinched but the woman holding her leash pulled
harder on it forcing her to arch her back even more
thrusting her tits and sore cunt foward as she moaned and
cried in pain. Picking up her leash the woman roughly pulled
her to her feet and helped her off the platform moaning and
gasping as she led her back into the bedroom where she tied
Annabelle's leash to a ring set high in the wall forcing
Annabelle to stand on tiptoe and removed the discipline
helmet.

She removed Annabelle's blindfold and she blinked as her
eyes ajusted to the light. Annabelle hung there moaning and
crying in pain. Annabelle's upper chest was scarlet and
flushed from her recent orgasm and her tits and ass were
streaked and marked from the cane and lash. The woman gently
stroked her hair and sore ass cheeks and caressed her full
tits while running her hand down Annabelle's smooth stomach
to gently pull on her blonde cunt hair calming her as she
told her she had been very good and obedient and she could
expect a reward. Annabelle still wore the huge ball gag
stretching her mouth and her ankles were still connected
with the short length of chain and her wrists were still
tightly bound behind her. Annabelle moaned again in pain
over her gag and jerked in her bonds as her sore ass rubbed
against the rough wall as she tried to find a comfortable
position as the woman left closing the door behind her and
locking it. Shortly the woman returned and released
Annabelle's leash from the wall and blindfolded her again.

Annabelle was trembling from her tight bondage and she
gently smoothed and stroked Annabelle's long blonde hair and
sore ass cheeks as she calmed Annabelle down telling her she
was going to have her reward and just be good and everything
would just be fine and not to worry. Pulling on her leash
she made Annabelle stumble due to her short ankle chains and
follow her into an adjoining room.

Annabelle felt some smooth tile on her bare feet and then
the woman guided her over to a rough wooden table by her
tightly bound arms and roughly turning Annabelle around to
face her making Annabelle scream in pain over her gag as her
sore ass scraped its edge to sit up on the table. Helping
Annabelle lie down she gently smoothed Annabell's flat
stomach and ran her hands softly over her full jutting tits
and caressed her cheeks smoothing them over the tight huge
ball gag in her mouth and then bent and attached Annabelle's
leash on her collar to a snap hook on the side of the table
holding Annabelle's head tightly down. When Annabelle
started to tremble and moan in pain again over her gag her
full tits with their rapidly hardening nipples started to
quiver.

The woman stroked her hair and patted her thighs just
touching her open cunt lips causing Annabelle to jerk in
pain as she moved her sore ass on the rough wood as she
calmed her again telling her be good. Bending she attached
some straps around Annabelle's knees and pulling on them
spread her knees wide apart before tying them to little
rings on the table's side as Annabelle moaned and cried over
her gag. Annabelle's arms were still bound behind her making
her arch her back more thrusting out her full tits and
making her cunt lips spread wide open as she wriggled in her
tight bondage trying to find a comfortable position to lie
in. The woman ran her hand over Annabelle's flat stomach
down to Annabelle's blonde cunt hair which she gently
stroked and with her fingers spread Annabelle's cunt lips
wide apart to expose her inner pinkness told Annabelle her
reward would soon arrive and left leaving Annabelle moaning
spread-eagled on the rough table in tight bondage and
blindfolded so she couldn't see or move due to her straps
and chains.

Shortly she heard the woman return and felt someone stroke
her inner thighs and kiss her sore tits and nipples and
stroke her long blonde hair and then she jerked in pain as
fingers roughly pulled her cunt lips wide open and moaned
and cried jerking in her tight bonds as a huge cock forced
its way deep in her cunt past her inner tissues. She grunted
as she felt someone's weight settle on her stomach and hands
roughly grabbed her tits to squeeze them hard and suck on
them with their erect nipples as the huge cock began a slow
in and out motion as she gasped and bucked and moaned in her
excitement with each thrust. The head almost pulled out with
each thrust only to be brutally rammed in her cunt again as
she moved her hips and cunt upwards to meet it. Rough hair
scraped her clit and she started to moan and cry and gasp
and finally started to cum just as the huge cock spurted hot
cream in her again and again. She felt it pull out and she
started to moan again as she felt herself drip on the table
with her widespread legs and cunt lips for all to see.
Feeling the woman touch her cheeks and gently stroke and
smooth her hair she told Annabelle that that was her reward
for being good and obedient and shortly she would have some
more again.

She unsnapped Annabelle's leash attaching her collar to the
table and helped her sit up as she untied the straps holding
Annabelle's knees wide apart and then guided Annabelle over
to the edge of the table as Annabelle yelped in pain as her
sore ass cheeks roughly scraped on the wood. Calming
Annabelle as she started to tremble again in her tight
bondage with her hands still bound behind her and
blindfolded she smoothed Annabelle's hair and gently stroked
her sore ass cheeks as she dragged her stumbling down the
corridor completely naked with her short ankle chains and
the leash she was holding attached to Annabelle's collar
ring. Pulling on the leash she dragged Annabelle back to the
bedroom and opening another closet door with a tiny cell
like grill at its top.

End of Part 3




Part 4

She shoved Annabelle inside with a harsh slap on her sore
ass cheeks making Annabelle jerk and moan and stumble in her
tight bonds as she turned Annabelle around to face her as
her sore jutting ass cheeks scraped against wall making
Annabelle cry she snapped the end of Annabelle's leash to a
hook in the ceiling pulling on it so Annabelle was hanging
by her neck standing almost on tiptoe. Caressing her full
tits and then cruelly pinching Annabelle's nipples making
her moan in pain over her gag she bent and unclipped the
chain holding Annabelle's ankles. She made Annabelle jerk
painfully in her tight bondage as she forced Annabelles
thighs wide apart by putting her hands on her knees roughly
forcing them wide open. She snapped the rings on Annabelle's
cuffs to hooks in the floor holding her legs painfully wide
apart showing her still dripping wide open cunt lips while
she gently pulled Annabelle's pale blonde cunt hair stroking
it as she told Annabelle that not to worry everything was
just fine and that she could rest now. Annabelle was still
blindfolded and her hands were still tightly bound behind
her and she started to tremble again with her full heavy
tits dangling and moving up and down as she moaned and
gasped in her pain as the woman closed and locked the door
leaving her hanging uncomfortably there.

Annabelle hanging there moaning and crying in pain started
to come to the realization that she enjoyed some of the pain
she had gone thru as well as some of the pleasure of
cumming.

Annabelle didn't know she was being conditioned in her mind
and body as she was being appraised and examined to react
and please as a pony girl would. Her tits were luscious and
full and her cunt was very tight and her ass was soft yet
firm and smooth and her legs were long and strong and she
was very excitable. Her pain endurance was well within
limits and what she had been thru was designed to make her
want more of the pain and humiliations and embarrassment to
get the pleasure that she was being taught that followed it.

She eventually would accept pain as pleasure and beyond that
begin to desire it and to please her Master or Mistress to
be.

Annabelle hanging in the closet was released the following
morning by a man who made her kneel in front of him with her
full luscious tits quivering with their hardening nipples
and after he removed her blindfold she looked pleading up
at him as she bowed her head to the floor. Yanking her
roughly to her feet her full luscious tits bounced and
jiggled as they were thrust out to their maximum with her
bound hands behind her exposing her pale blonde cunt hair to
his gaze and her smooth jutting ass. She still wore the huge
ball gag deep in her mouth with its chin strap forcing her
to bite on it holding it tightly in place. He lifted one of
her full luscious tits and squeezed it as he gently pulled
on her nipple and he turned her around and stroked her sore
ass cheeks and his fingers pushed her thighs apart as he
slipped three fingers inside her still wet pussy and then he
turned her around to face him again with a harsh slap on her
sore ass. She started to tremble as he lifted a nipple to
his mouth and roughly begin to suck on it and bite it while
feeling between her legs and inserting two fingers in her
tight cunt and slowly move them in and out and Annabelle
felt herself get weak in the knees and wet between her legs.
Releasing her nipple he slapped her ass and she started to
tremble and her heavy tits started to shake and quiver as he
told her she was going to be sold to the highest bidder at
an auction taking place that evening. Then pulling roughly
on her leash he dragged her out of the room and down another
corridor to a cell. Several times she stumbled due to her
chains and he slapped her ass and felt between her legs and
squeezed roughly her tits as they moved along the corridor
to an empty cell. Shoving her roughly inside attaching her
leash to a ring in the wall she fell and scraped her knees
on the rough stone blocks and he locked the door leaving her
there moaning and sobbing over her gag in her tight bondage.

She noticed as she fell fitfully asleep on the straw
covering the rough stone that there were some other cells in
the corridor that contained other girls who were wearing
short T shirts or jibas and some steel manacles on their
wrists and ankles.

That evening some men came by and started to release the
other girls from their cells. Roughly handling each girl as
she came out of her cell the guards unlocked their collars
and ankle shackles and stripped them of their jibas' by
simply holding their arms over their heads and pulling it up
over them.

They grinned and felt the exposed flesh, lifting tits and
pulling nipples and feeling in between ass cheeks and
inserting fingers in some cunts, jeering and jabbering in
Arabic as they withdrew some wet fingers.

One very pretty girl was held by her upper arms from behind
by one guard while the other lifted each of her luscious
tits and squeezed them sucking on a nipple biting it as she
squealed in pain and started to cry as he bent her over his
knee and spread her legs pulling apart her cunt lips
exposing her pinkness and inserted a finger into her moving
it in and out. Turning her around and squeezing her ass
cheeks he spread them apart and probed and prodded their
soft cleft, roughly inserting two fingers, while she cried
out, then giving her a couple of harsh strokes with the cane
across her ass several times she joined the line of girls in
the chain forming in the corridor. There were about 25 naked
girls altogether in the chain forming in the corridor,
squealing, crying and moaning.

The girls were led down the corridor and the end of their
chain was locked to a ring set in the wall next to a small
doorway covered by a curtain. Up and down the line of naked
girls chained by their ankles, walked their guards, stopping
at every girl to check their ankle chains and sometimes
lifting or pinching a tit or nipple, or inserting a finger
probing between ass cheeks of one or another of the naked
girls.

Voices could be heard beyond the curtain in English mostly
sometimes in French or Arabic. One by one each girl's ankle
was unlocked from the chain and she was led thru the doorway
by two guards each holding an arm. She was made to mount up
the steps onto the block where the auctioneer awaited her.
He was holding in his left hand a coiled wicked looking
whip.

When the girl reached the block, still held by her arms, the
auctioneer would lift each of her tits displaying their
fullness and size and sometimes pinching or pulling on her
nipples till she cried out in pain, to the crowd while
asking for bids and rub her stomach and slide his hand down
towards her cunt stroking and pulling on her cunt hair.

Sometimes he would insert a finger or two in her cunt
pulling them out glistening and displaying them to the crowd
as evidence of her wetness and excitability. He had the
guards turn each girl around and stroke their ass cheeks and
probe between, sometimes telling the crowd what pleasures
they might find there and then he would have the guards bend
the girl over from the waist and grab her ankles and spread
her legs so he could show the crowd her cunt or asshole. He
would pull apart her cunt lips so the crowd could see her
pinkness and sometimes prod or insert a finger moving it in
and out.

He would roughly spread their soft ass cheeks to expose
their assholes to the crowd as he patted and kneaded their
unstriped behinds. He would then have the guards turn the
girl around to face the audience again and while squeezing
their tits and pinching their nipples as they squealed and
cried in pain accept bids from the excited crowd. Sometimes
a buyer would mount the block to personally examine a girl
and the prospective buyer might insert a finger or twon in
her cunt or squeeze and suck on a luscious tit or nipple
before making up his mind. Most of the girls sold quickly
and for fairly high prices. Most of the girls were sold to
local bordello's or some minor sheik for his harem or to
some nightclub owners for their stage acts.

With some girls he had the guards turn them around so their
asses faced the audience and bend them over at the waist. He
then picked up a cane and delivered several strokes of the
cane across their soft smooth cheeks raising some welts. The
girls to whom this happened usually sold very, very quickly
and for somewhat higher prices than the others. They were
all weeping and crying by the time they were turned around
again by the guards holding them, to face the audience.

When a girl was sold to a buyer she was led down off the
block by her guards and over to her new Master, where she
was forced to her knees and made to bow her head to the
floor under threat of a caning. Their new Masters then had
the girl tightly bound with chain or rope and gagged before
snapping a collar around their necks and leading them off to
begin their new life of slavery and submission.

One very lovely girl after reaching the block started to
struggle with the guards holding her and the auctioneer had
them turn her around with her soft jutting ass facing the
crowd and unslinging a cane from his waist delivered several
hard strokes across her ass until she stopped struggling and
started to moan and cry in pain. He didn't stop until he had
raised 3 or 4 bright red welts on her soft ass. He had the
guards turn her around and he lifted each of her luscious
heavy tits to the crowd, roughly squeezing each one and
pulled on her nipples as tears started to stream down her
face. He had the guards turn her around and bend her over
with her legs spread wide as he pulled apart her cunt lips
exposing her pinkness to the crowd. He inserted two fingers
in her cunt and moved them in and out all the while
describing to the crowd how wet and tight she was. Slapping
her on her ass he pulled apart her sore cheeks to expose the
rosebud of her asshole as he gently prodded it with his
finger before roughly inserting it and moving it in and out
describing her tightness to the crowd.

When he finished displaying her he had the guards turn her
around to face the audience and force her to her knees as he
unslung the cane and showing it to her warned her to obey
unless she wanted another caning. He then told her to clasp
her hands together behind her neck and spread her legs wider
so the crowd could see what she offered better.

She tremblingly did so, spreading her thighs wide displaying
her glistening cunt lips and soft pubic hair to the crowd
which went wild. The auctioneer told her to cup her tits and
and then pinch and stretch her nipples which became hard
erect buds showing her reluctant excitement and offer them
to the crowd, which as she did she sat back on her heels and
clasped her hands behind her neck thrusting up her luscious
tits to the crowd while she moaned and cried. Finally she
was sold to a local bordello owner who striding up onto the
block roughly picked his merchandise up and slung her
weeping and crying over his shoulder as he made his way
outside with his purchase after forcing her mouth open and
jamming over her teeth a tight gag and tying her ankles and
wrists together.

Annabelle and three other girls were herded down another
corridor and released from their tight bondage and shackles
and the guards openly leered at their nakedness as they
turned red and some started to tremble as they were each
given a short white robe to wear which tied at their necks.
They were completely naked underneath the robes which barely
covered their smooth jutting asses and their full heavy tits
pushed outwards showing their rapidly hardening nipples.
When they entered the room at its end each girl was made to
mount a small platform about three feet off the ground that
put their buttocks at about eye level and their left ankles
were shackled tightly to the platforms.

A few Arab sheiks entered the room and started towards the
platforms. The Arab in charge described Annabelle to the
sheik as an Houri from paradise, practically a virgin since
she was barely used. Upon reaching Annabelle's platform the
Arab who was in charge told her to remove her robe and
display herself. Too frightened to resist Annabelle reached
up and undid the knot holding the robe at her neck, dropping
it at her feet. She was now completely exposed to the eyes
of the men watching her with her full luscious heavy tits
with their hardening nipples and pale blonde cunt hair and
with her slightly open cunt lips and she turned red from her
full heavy tits to the top of her flat smooth stomach.

Listening to the Arab in charge Annabelle slowly ran her
hands over her smooth jutting ass, flat stomach, soft inner
thighs and finally brought her hands under her luscious
heavy tits gently squeezing each and tweaking and pulling
each of her nipples till they became hard little buds
showing her passion. Then she stood with her legs as wide
apart as the platform permitted and lacing her fingers
together behind her neck arched her back thrusting her
luscious tits out. One of the other Arabs raised three
fingers but the Arab in charge shook his head. They moved
around behind her so that her smooth jutting ass cheeks were
about level with their eyes as the Arab in charge started to
tell the sheik more about her charms. He told Annabelle to
show the sheik more of herself.

Annabelle slowly bent forward on the small platform
spreading her legs as far as they could go bending over
grasping her ankles. The welts on her ass and the marks of
the lash on her tits made previously had already faded. The
Arab in charge barked another command to her and with a
sweet seductive smile on her face while looking at the
sheik,as her full heavy tits dangled and waved with their
hardening nipples Annabelle reached back between her legs
and gently spread her cunt lips apart with her fingers.

Annabelle first inserted one finger and with her other
fingers holding her cunt lips wide open and slowly moved it
in and out while showing her inner pinkness to the sheik.
The sheik gasped and held up seven fingers and the Arab in
charge nodded his head.

The Arab had her step off the platform before them and told
her to bend over and grab her ankles with her legs spread
wide apart and not to move. Annabelle hesitated briefly
after stepping off the platform but quickly moved to obey as
her full heavy tits bounced and took up the required
position with her ass thrust up high in the air just before
the Arab in charge could use the wicked looking cane he
started to unhook from his belt. He then told the sheik and
the other Arab who was obviously the sheik's son to examine
her for themselves. The sheik stuck first one finger in her
spread open cunt and then another and started wriggle them
about. He pulled them out and started to insert a finger in
her asshole but changed his mind. Having her stand up and
face them keeping her hands at her neck Annabelle's
luscious tits were lifted and weighed and her nipples
cruelly pinched while she moaned and telling her to spread
her thighs two fingers were roughly inserted in her tight
cunt and her pale blonde cunt hair was painfully pulled
while the fingers moved in and out. Annabelle turned beet
red and started to maon but she was too frightened to pull
her hands away from her neck and her hips started to move
back and forth in rhythm with the fingers in her cunt. The
Arab in charge told her to present herself on all fours with
her ass high in the air and show the sheik how obedient she
was. She assumed the position on her knees with her tits
bouncing again and her ass thrust up in the air and the Arab
in charge moved around behind her and using the tip of his
boots on her thighs and ankles forced her to spread her legs
wider. Taking his cane he delivered several strokes across
her ass each one raising a welt on her ass. Annabelle moaned
with each stroke her heavy dangling tits shaking but did not
otherwise move her body out of position.

When he delivered the final stroke to her ass, he had her
turn around and sit on her heels keeping her legs spread
wide apart at the knees showing her pale blonde cunt hair
and her open pussy and kiss the cane thanking her Master for
punishing her. Annabelle did so in the most sincere voice
she could manage sobbing and trying hard not to cry as she
bowed her head to the floor with her arms in front of her,
thrusting her soft smooth ass up in the air and her full
heavy tits pressed against the floor as she offered herself
for his further use and pleasure.

Telling Annabelle to kneel in front of the sheik and display
herself with her hands behind her neck fingers locked
together, and her knees wide apart sitting on her heels
bowing her head for her new Master, Annabelle obeyed
quickly, her full heavy tits shaking as she came erect.
Sitting on her heels she spread her thighs wide apart
exposing her blonde cunt hair and wide open cunt lips
reciting what she had been told to say "Thank you Master for
buying me. I hope I please you. My mouth, ass and cunt are
for your pleasure to use as you wish."

The sheik told Annabelle and the other girls to rise and
cover themselves with the robes again and follow him. They
obeyed and followed him out of another door and into his
waiting limo. Each was told to kneel on the floor of the car
on their heels with their arms behind their backs and keep
their heads to the floor as a soft leather collar was
tightly locked about each slim neck and covered with a soft
blanket.

Each girl felt the prick of a needle entering just above her
left ass cheek and when Annabelle woke up found herself in
another room completely naked and shackled by her ankles to
a ring set in the stone floor. She still wore her collar
that was chained to another ring in the stone wall and her
hands were tightly manacled behind her. She was alone in the
cell and the other girls with whom she had been sold were
she could see looking thru the bars in other cells in the
stable chained as she was.

End of Part 4




Part 5

Shortly a man entered the cell and started to pull on
Annabelle's chain forcing her to her feet; she started to
resist but all that got her was a few strokes of the wicked
looking riding crop he carried across her tits and a huge
ball gag he forced into her mouth. She tried to keep her
mouth closed but he pinched her nose and when she opened her
mouth to breathe he shoved it brutally in behind her teeth
and buckled the strap tightly behind her head. The ball gag
filled her mouth completely and the straps holding it cut
cruelly into the corners of her mouth and all she could make
were slight gurgling noises behind it. He then started to
feel and play with her full heavy tits pinching her nipples,
and stroking her ass cheeks as he roughly parted her cunt
lips exposing her pinkness and inserted a finger to see how
tight she was, she started to moan and cry over her gag.
Toying with her light blonde pubic hair he said "This will
have to go but not just yet." "My, my " he said. "So wet
already ?. Still tight and you excite easily !" "You
fetched a high price on the block and you should make a good
pony girl after your training."

He locked and buckled around her neck a high stiff leather
collar with D rings around it, forcing her to keep her head
held high and bending attached foot shackles with a short
length of chain. He buckled leather cuffs tightly around
each of her wrists, which he then hooked together with an O
ring so that her hands were effectively joined together.
Lifting her to her knees he pulled her joined hands over her
head attaching them to an overhead hook and chained one of
the rings in her collar to a ring set low on the stone wall
pressing her face against it as her full tits scraped the
rough stone. She was chained with her hands over her head
kneeling on the stone floor of the cell with her ass facing
him. Using his crop across her ass cheeks he gave her 15
strokes and she screamed with each stroke but all that could
be heard from behind her gag were some soft moans. Tears
were streaming down her cheeks when he turned her around
front to face him.

He then lowered his riding crop across both her upper thighs
as hard as he could and turned around and put out the light
before locking the cell door. She was left in darkness
moaning softly to herself.

Another man returned to her cell the next morning and
released her from the wall rings cuffing her hands tightly
behind her back with an O ring joining them together and
snapped a leash to a ring on her collar. Pulling on the
leash she was forced to follow him naked in her tight bonds
out the door down the corridor,taking short mincing steps
due to her foot shackles. She stumbled a few times and
earned a stroke of the crop across her ass each time.

Feeling between her smooth ass cheeks as he dragged her
along the corridor he started to play with her cunt lips and
she jerked in her tight bonds. Coming to a small alcove with
several doors around it he stopped and taking a key from the
ones he carried on his belt opened one of the doors. He
shoved Annabelle inside with a harsh slap on her sore ass
cheeks making Annabelle jerk and moan and stumble in her
tight bonds and turned her around to face him making
Annabelle cry as her sore jutting ass cheeks scraped against
wall. He snapped the end of Annabelle's leash to a hook in
the ceiling pulling on it so Annabelle was hanging by her
neck standing almost on tiptoe. Caressing her full tits and
then cruelly pinching Annabelle's nipples making her moan in
pain over her gag he bent and unclipped the chain holding
Annabelle's ankles. Annabelle jerked painfully in her tight
bondage as he forced her thighs wide apart by putting his
hands on her knees roughly forcing them wide open. He
snapped the rings on Annabelle's cuffs to hooks in the floor
holding her legs painfully wide apart showing her still
dripping wide open cunt lips while he gently pulled on her
pale blonde cunt hair. Annabelle was still blindfolded and
her hands were still tightly bound behind her and she
started to tremble again with her full heavy tits dangling
and moving up and down as she moaned and gasped in her pain
as the man closed and locked the door leaving her hanging
uncomfortably there.

He returned several hours later releasing her.
Pulling her out into the alcove he delivered several more
strokes of the crop he carried across her ass and a few
across her tits led her sobbing and crying stumbling with
her ankle shackles down the corridor.

Stopping outside another door he fastened her leash to
a hook high over head so that she was forced to stand on her
tiptoe and her full luscious tits started to quiver.

Several people passed by her and one was another girl who
wore a collar similar to hers, who caressed her ass softly
and then cruelly pinched her tits till Annabelle started to
moan.

"You're lucky, to go here first " she said "Shows what
valuable merchandise you are." As she hurried off down
the corridor Annabelle could see on her behind the faint
marks of the lash just fading. She also wore ankle and cuff
rings like Annabelle. Annabelle still could not speak since
she still had the huge ball gag in her mouth.

The door opened and the stable groom came out and unhooked
her hands from the overhead hook and recuffed her wrists
behind her back as he he picked up the leash
and led her inside the room. Inside the room all Annabelle
could see was an examining table with stirrups. She was led
over to the table and forced to lie down on it. He recuffed
her wrists above her head and then put her knees in the
stirrups and strapped her ankles and thighs. He then opened
a drawer and pulled out some nipple clips which he attached
to her tits. Annabelle moaned behind her gag when he pinched
and then stretched her nipples before attaching the clips,
which stung and hurt like hell.

He then went to the foot of the table and turning a ratchet
forced her legs and thighs wide apart making her cunt lips
spread open exposing her pinkness. Stroking her pale blonde
cunt hair he indicated that now he was going to shave it all
off. Warning her not move he started to shave her V and
cunt. Afterwards he toweled the foam off her now shaven V
and then he inserted three fingers into her cunt which he
wriggled around a bit before withdrawing them. He told her
how wet she had become and that it was a good sign of her
excitability.

He then removed the clips from her nipples affording
Annabelle some relief but not for long. He opened the drawer
again and took out some shiny gold 3" rings.
He told Annabelle he was going to pierce her nether lips and
nipples and insert the rings so her Master/Mistress could
control her more easily. He picked up a sharp needle and
dipped it in alcohol to sterilize it pulled on her nipple
to stretch it out pierced first her right then her left
nipple.

Annabelle screamed behind her gag repeatedly but hardly a
sound could be heard due to the ball gag. He did the same to
her cunt nether lips and again Annabelle screamed and
strained against the straps but to no avail. He then picked
up the rings and inserted them in
her nipples and cunt lips. Annabelle was now nicely ringed !
Shaved and ringed for her Masters' pleasure.

He then removed the straps holding her to the table only to
turn her over on her stomach. He slipped underneath her
stomach a round cushion so that her ass was thrust high in
the air. He then recuffed her ankles wide apart. Stroking
her ass cheeks and gently probing her asshole which he then
lubricated he told her she was going to have a tail. It had
a retaining ring on it so it could not easily be forced out
by her.

He started to insert it and had to use his crop several
times on her ass as she moaned in pain to make her relax so
that it could go in.

Finally it was all the way in except for the retaining ring
and Annabelle was crying ovewr her gag in pain as the huge
insert stretched her asshole wide and she was breathing
heavily. The retaining ring he brutally shoved in very hard
at the end and Annabelle jerked and cried in renewed pain
and strained against her bonds as it finally popped in and
she couldn't force it out and she was crying with tears down
her cheeks as she realized she now had a horse's tail!. He
told her the marks from the crop would be visible, but she
should show them proudly. He then unstrapped her from the
table and recuffed her wrists behind her, wrist to opposite
elbow so that her ass cheeks were visible and readily
accessible with the tail attachment swishing as she moved.

He then removed the huge ball gag from her mouth. He showed
her the bit and bridle and when she refused to open her
mouth, he pinched her tits and nose and as she squealed in
pain and opened her mouth to breathe he rammed the bit in
behind her teeth and over her tongue and buckled it tightly.
Her tits and nipples hurt and where he pinched her nipples
was red and throbbing. He then finished attaching the
remainder of the head gear and bridle. He attached bells to
her tit rings and also alongside her head bridle so that
with each movement she made the bells tinkled and jangled.
Her full tits swung free and loose and the bells sounded
brightly with each step she took. He then attached a leash
to her collar ring and led her thru the door and down the
corridor and out into the corral, where he told her she
would begin her first lesson in how to be a pony girl.

Once out in the corral he attached her leash to a hitching
post and left her only to return moments later with a light
carriage.

He attached a girth belt very tightly around her waist
cinching it so she could barely breathe and then backed her
between the shafts of the carriage. He clipped her girth
belt rings to the shafts of the carriage and then attached
the bearing rein to her bridle and pulled on it until he was
satisfied with her posture.

She felt him enter the carriage and out of the corner of her
eye saw him pickup the riding whip. He told her, her first
lesson was to present her ass for the stroke of the whip
when they were ready to be off.

He used the whip on her ass cheeks until she arched her back
and properly presented her ass for the stroke of the whip
with her feet together and her soft behind upthrust
quivering. Her shaven nether lips could be readily seen thru
her legs with the underneath rein going between them as he
cracked the whip at the bottom of her cheeks and she took
her first steps.

He also told her to high step with each step she took and to
keep her knees wide apart with each step and he pulled on
the underneath rein and Annabelle was very aware as it
pressed against her shaven cunt that her nether lips were
exposed and open with each step she took and she started to
turn red. He told her to pay attention to the tugs of the
reins on her bit as they went around the corral and he used
the whip on her soft behind to control her pace and
direction. Her ass and part of her back were well striped by
the time they were ready to be off. He made her go around
the corral several times. He told her not to forget how to
present her ass for the first stroke, otherwise punishment
would be severe. He then released her girth belt from the
carriage's shafts and attaching a leash to her collar and
holding onto her reins, including the underneath rein made
her high step several times around the corral lashing her
behind each time she failed to keep her knees up high enough
or when she did not keep her knees far enough apart or when
she slackened her speed. After this he led her out of the
corral into the stable.

He told her now that she had started her training, pony
girls' lived in the stable and not in the house. He led her
into the stable and going to an empty stall led her inside
and then he locked the stall's door. He locked her leash to
a short post in the wall shortening it so that she was
forced to either kneel or lie down but she could not stand
up.

He then removed her bit but left the bridle head gear on as
well as the tail she had in her ass. He told her the tail
was going to be left in so she could better accommodate
anyone who wished to use her that way and she had better get
used to it. He also removed the girth belt and hung it on a
hook on the wall. He warned her not to speak and that if she
did she would be severely punished and gagged. Taking a hose
from the wall and attaching it to a faucet he then proceeded
to hose her down to remove the sweat,dirt and grit from her
body after her first days training.

The floor of stall was covered with straw. He then attached
the feed bag to her bridle after filling
it and watched while she ate what was in it and then he
showed her the drink bucket and told her if she was thirsty
to drink from it which she did.

Removing the bag and bucket he checked the lock attaching
her to the post and rechecked her shackles and collar and
satisfied that all was secure had her then get down on all
fours with her face to the straw floor and her ass thrust
high and her legs wide apart then telling her not to move he
brutally spread her cunt lips and fucked her forcing past
her inner ring not pausing at her moans. When he was fully
inside her he said that she would find it easier the next
time and that she was very tight and a good fuck and next
time he might be tempted to use her ass, because she seemed
tighter back there than she was in her cunt. He also said
her next lesson was tomorrow and that she better get some
rest while she could. With that he turned out the light and
opened the stall door and left after locking it behind him.

The next morning another groom entered her stall carrying a
small basin. He proceeded to have her stand up and bend over
with her legs wide apart with her tits hanging down over the
basin. He then grasped her tit around the base and pinching
her nipple started to milk her. He did the same to her other
tit until the basin below was filled with her milk.

Her hands were still cuffed wrist to opposite elbow behind
her back. He then made her open her mouth so the bit could
be inserted and buckled it tightly behind her head adjusting
the straps and tightening them and he also buckled a strap
underneath her chin tightly so she was forced to keep her
mouth closed over the bit between her teeth. He attached
some bells to her bridle and some weights on her tit rings
and also attached some reins to her cunt rings which he
threaded thru a ring in her collar. He toyed with her tits
weighing each one in the palms of his hands and pinching her
nipples. He also ran his hand over her shaven V and thrust a
finger in her cunt and pulled it out wet. He told her not to
become too excited just yet.

Then he made her bend over with her legs wide apart so he
could check on her tail. She stifled a moan behind her bit
as he pulled it out partway and then shoved it brutally
back in her asshole. He then attached a leash to her collar
and led her out into the corral to begin her second lesson.

He told her before they entered the corral not to forget her
first lesson from yesterday and to high step with knees wide
apart and also that she would be branded later that
afternoon. He also reminded her not to forget how to
properly present her ass for the first stroke when they were
ready to be off. He then attached a girth belt around her
waist cinching it tightly and backed her between the shafts
of a light carriage, attaching the rings on the girth belt
to some rings on the carriage's shafts. He then attached the
bearing rein to her bridle and pulled on it so that her head
was pulled back and she started to arch her back to relieve
the strain on her neck. This had the effect of causing her
to thrust out her ass and tits. He then told her to stand
still with her feet close together and arch her back more to
thrust out her tits and ass more until he was satisfied with
her posture. Getting into the carriage he picked up the
riding whip and waited. Annabelle realized he was waiting
for her to present her ass for the first stroke.

Hesitating a moment, Annabelle followed her training and
arched her back presenting her ass cheeks for the stroke of
the whip. With a whish ! of the whip which he placed
perfectly at the bottom of her cheeks where her legs met her
ass they were off for her second lesson. Cracking the whip
on each of her cheeks as they went around and around the
corral he made her keep her knees high up and wide apart
with each step she took. Her bells jingled , her full tits
swayed and shook, and she felt her self starting to get wet
down between her legs. She was slavering over the bit when
they finally came to a short halt. He immediately told her
to assume the display position that meant she was to stand
with her feet together, back arched, tits and ass thrust
well out and at attention.

She dutifully assumed the position and felt him get out the
carriage. He came round the front and checked her bit,
bridle and reins. He adjusted her bearing rein so she was
forced to keep her head back higher and also tightened the
bit in her mouth. He then felt between her legs and when his
fingers came away wet told her she would be punished for
that later.

He also cupped each of her tits weighing and squeezing them
cruelly hard and pulled on her nipple rings as Annabelle
started to moan over her bit. He then unhitched her from the
carriage and removed her girth belt.

Attaching a leash to her collar he made her high step
several times around the corral, all the while using his
lash on her behind to keep her high stepping. The lash
several times found its way between her legs stinging her
cruelly in that tender spot. Her body was covered in sweat
and her ass and tits were red with the marks of the lash
when he finally had her halt in front of him. Before leading
her back he lifted up her left tit and holding the nipple to
his mouth began to suck on it. Annabelle felt a strong
sensation in-between her legs while he did this. He remarked
what a refreshing drink it was on an afternoon such as this
day was.

End of Part 5




Part 6

He then removed the training leash from her collar and
attaching a short rein to one of its rings so she was forced
to get on all fours he led her out of the corral and into
the stables on her hands and knees. She was very much aware
of showing off her nether lips and her full tits swayed as
she moved and especially the red marks of the lash on her
behind. He used the crop several times more on her ass when
she didn't move fast enough. Each stroke elicited another
groan or moan from Annabelle over the bit in her mouth. He
led her further into the stable past her stall and into
another area where she could see a forge glowing red hot in
a corner. Stopping in front of the anvil he had her put her
face to the floor and spread her legs wide apart. He then
removed the tail from her ass. He then bent her over a low
railing and tied her with her hands and feet wide apart.

Pulling on a pair of heavy leather gloves he picked up a
branding iron from a nearby brazier and checked its tip. He
shoved it back into the brazier and operated a small bellows
with his foot so the iron would get hotter. After a few
minutes he pulled the iron out and checking its tip seemed
satisfied walked over to where Annabelle was spread-eagled.
Rubbing her gently just where her ass cheeks met the curve
of her spine he told her that she was about to be branded
for her Master.

He then pressed the iron into her left ass cheek just where
its top met her spine and held it there for a moment.
Annabelle screamed and struggled against her bonds and then
went limp and passed out. When she awoke a few moments later
she had been branded with a small gothic letter A just on
her upper left ass !

She was still tied spread eagle on the railing and he then
felt between her legs and when his fingers came away wet he
picked up a nearby cane and delivered 5 strokes of it across
her ass telling her it was for cumming before she was given
permission. The welts it raised added to Annabelle's pain
and moans but all she could do was groan softly behind her
bit.

He then released her and recuffing her arms behind her back,
wrist to opposite elbow he had her present herself to him
ass thrust high upwards and knees and legs spread apart. He
then spread her cheeks with his fingers and roughly
reinserted her tail not pausing at her new moans till it was
completely inside her including the retaining ring. Then
picking up her reins he led her out of the forge area back
into the stables and into her stall where he chained her
reins to a low post insuring she could not stand up. He then
turned out the light and locked her door left her moaning to
herself.

Annabelle could hardly believe how wet she had become from
all of the punishment and training and abuse she had thus
far gone thru and found herself almost beginning to look
forward to more. She was without realizing it beginning to
accept her situation and develop a likeness for it.

This was as her Master wished , sometime later in her
training her spirit would be broken finally and she would
become a true pony girl and desire nothing else more than
that and to please him in whatever way he desired.

Early one morning, several weeks later Annabelle was
awakened by another groom entering her stall who proceeded
to apply foam to her cunt , V and armpits and telling her
not move started to shave her.

He then applied some red lipstick to her lips and eye shadow
and started to apply glitter to her tits
and finally he attached some bells to her tit rings. He made
her stand up and bend over with her legs wide apart so he
could check on her tail and then had her stand upright
again facing him.

He then had her bend over a low railing so her full breasts
swung free and then grasping her right tit around its base
and pulling on her nipple and pinching it started to milk
her.

He did the same to her left tit until the bucket below was
filled with her milk. Her tits were sore and red streaked by
the time he finished and had her stand up again. Attaching
some reins to her bit he then led her thru the stall door
and out into the corral. Glancing out the stable door
Annabelle was startled by the sight of the man who had first
captured her and was responsible for her being here. This
was why she was being brought to the peak of her
attractiveness. She stiffened and determined to act more the
pony girl than ever.

Leading her out the groom attached her to the shafts of a
light carriage and held onto her reins including the
underneath rein to which she vigorously objected. It was
humiliating to be held by the bridle reins while the man who
was responsible for her being here and her Master discussed
her as if she was not important or even there. Her Master
told the man that of course he could drive her over to his
friends' stud farm but that he might have to use the whip on
her behind to keep her high stepping. She felt him enter the
carriage and the groom handed him the reins.

She waited a moment and then realized he was waiting for her
to present her ass. Stiffening she clamped her teeth down on
her bit in frustration but tightly bound from waist upwards
in her harness there was nothing she could do. Finally the
lovely mare followed her training and arched her back
presenting her ass for the stroke of the whip. With a CRACK
! of the whip the tip of which he placed perfectly at the
bottom of her cheeks where they met her legs and bells
jingling they were off. As they moved along he used the whip
alternately on each of her ass cheeks to make sure she high
stepped and kept her knees apart. He pulled steadily on the
underneath rein going between her legs so that she was
forced to move her knees further and further apart with each
step. She was aware of the sight she made. Full breasts
swaying and bouncing bells jingling, and nether lips exposed
to the full view of her rider.

Shortly as they reached a woody spot he pulled her over and
tethered her to a small bush. The lovely mare realized why
she had not been fully milked that morning, it was to
provide a drink for him on this journey. He came around in
front of her and lifting a tit to his mouth gazed a moment
at its nipple before squeezing it until a squirt of milk
came out, then bent his lips and sucked on it until he was
satisfied.

Then her Master pulled up on Swedish stud he was riding and
dismounting walked over to them. Lifting up the other tit
and squeezing it until milk came out he remarked to the man
that it was a delightful container to be taking a drink
from. They started to discuss her breeding and her Master
suggested that her negro page boy Saloo who had strong legs
might be a good choice. She clamped on her bit in rage but
tightly harnessed from her waist upwards there was nothing
she could do. She heard her Master say there was always the
threat of a whipping if she didn't submit.

Re-entering her carriage he picked up the reins and whip and
again Annabelle followed her training and arched her back
presenting her ass for the stroke of the whip. With a jangle
of the bells they were off again.

Shortly they reached her Master's friends' stud farm and her
rider pulled her inside the gate of the corral and
dismounted. Unhitching her from the carriage he picked up
her reins and led her inside the stable.

Once inside the stable she was turned over to another groom
who led her down another passageway to an empty stall.
Hitching her reins to a ring set in the wall
he pulled on them until she was forced to stand close to the
wall and on her toes.

He then roughly yanked the tail from her ass causing a few
moans of pain from Annabelle. Lengthening the reins so she
could bend over he had her spread her legs wide apart. He
then attached steel cuffs to her ankles and using the rings
in them clipped them to hooks set in the floor so she was
forced to keep her legs about a foot apart. He then retied
her reins forcing her head almost down to the floor. He then
picked up a short riding whip and gave her 10 hard strokes
on each of her cheeks.

Annabelle jerked with each stroke but she could barely move.
Several times the lash found its way between her legs to
sting her on her nether lips and Annabelle strained against
her bonds but to no avail. Finally he finished and her ass
and her tits were marked with the red strokes of the lash
and she was covered in sweat. He took a hose from the wall
and washed her down. She shivered as the jet of cold water
hit her body, especially when it found its way between her
ass cheeks or legs. He then felt between her legs and spread
her cunt lips exposing her pinkness, inserted three fingers
in her, moving them in and out several times before
withdrawing them only to pull apart her ass cheeks to expose
her asshole and inserting three fingers there as well.
Remarking that she needed to be widened up a bit in her ass
he told her she would start wearing an asshole stretcher
insert whenever she was not wearing her tail.

He asked her if she was ready to accept a stud and when she
shook her head no he took up a cane and started to cane her
ass very hard, each stroke raising a welt in addition to the
ones already there until sobbingly after the twentieth
stroke she shook her head Yes, Yes. Anything was better than
the cane.

He then left and moments later returned with her negro page
boy Saloo who when he saw her his cock started to harden
almost immediately. Saloo was tightly bound with his hands
behind his back and he had a huge ball gag stuffed in his
mouth so he was unable to speak. Using a cane on his ass the
groom maneuvered him around behind her so his cock was just
behind her ass.

Moving him foward so his cock was poised just at the
entrance to her cunt lips he slowly guided it into her
spreading her lips and pushing until it was all the way in
her. She grunted and moaned as he slowly pushed it in
pausing only to push again until it was past her inner ring
and bumping up against her womb. It stuffed and filled her
completely more than she had ever felt before. He then
slowly drew back until his head was just inside her pausing
only to ram it brutally back in with one thrust ignoring her
cries and moans.

He settled down to a steady in and out rhythm and then his
legs started to tremble as he came shooting stream after
stream of hot cum into her so much that it started to drip
out onto the floor from between her lips. Seeing that he had
done his job the groom pulled Saloo away from her and using
a cane lashed his ass as he led him out of door. The other
groom remarked to Annabelle that now that she had been mated
she'd better start to produce more milk soon or else she
would face a severe caning. He also told her that her
Master, the Sheik was thinking that after she'd given him a
filly or two, of selling her to the man who was responsible
in the first place for her being here. He added that now
that she was pregnant it didn't exempt her from either
discipline or training. He told her that if the fillies were
good stock that they would be sold to some farm for breeding
purposes or pony girl training.
Some nine months later Annabelle gave birth to 2 female
fillies who were immediately taken away from her, she was
never to see them again.She was exercised
every day and milked and shaved daily and also was
disciplined regularly and either saddled and ridden or made
to pull a carriage.

She was also put on show and displayed at various shows and
sometimes raced with other mares for her Master's
entertainment. She was sometimes lent to one or another
stable belonging to a friend of her Master for a week or
two.

Annabelle had reached the end of her training by this time
and was fully trained and all she cared about was being the
best pony girl in the Sheik's stable and pleasing her Master
in whatever way she could.

CHAPTER 2

Sylvia was a secretary in the London office of some
steamship firm who was abducted while she was on vacation
with her daughter and husband in Algiers. Sylvia was a
statuesque blonde about 5' 6" 120 lbs and about 36-24-33
with ripe full tits that didn't sag and crowned with full
aureoles and nipples and natural blonde cunt hair and strong
legs and smooth stomach and spectacular ass.

In short she was a real treat for the eyes. She was in great
shape having exercised every day and taking very well care
of her body.

During breakfast the next morning her husband received a
call from his office. He told Sylvia that he had to return
to London for a few days on some urgent business but that he
would return as quickly as possible and that they should
continue to enjoy the remainder of their vacation. The next
few days passed by quickly for Sylvia and her daughter,
Angela who was about 18 and almost a twin of her mother
right down to her blonde hair and full luscious heavy tits.

When her husband didn't return after 3 days Sylvia started
to get concerned. She tried to call his office but couldn't
get thru and she tried calling their home back in London but
again couldn't get thru.

Later that day the manager of the hotel where they were
staying called upon them and informed them that since their
reservations were for a week which was now up would they be
checking out ? Sylvia said she didn't know and told him that
they'd be staying on for a few days more until her husband
returned. The manager then asked how she intended to pay and
Sylvia after frantically searching thru her purse had to
tell him that she didn't know and that could he wait until
her husband returned ?

He said that was NOT satisfactory and that he would return
later that day to see if they had made other arrangements
for a place to stay. When he returned later that day and she
couldn't come up with any satisfactory arrangements he told
her that she and Angela had to leave but he would hold onto
their luggage until they found a way to pay him. They spent
the rest of the afternoon and part of the night wandering
around the city until Sylvia found a little pension that
would accept them and the arrangements for paying them. When
a week had gone by and still her husband had not returned
and the manager of the pension started demanding payment
Sylvia was getting desperate. When the manager told them
that there might be a way they could pay their bill she
jumped at the chance. He told them that they could sell
themselves since they were both very attractive. Sylvia
almost told him to forget it but he told her if she didn't
she and Angela would be put out on the streets again. When
she finally agreed to his demands he then told her he would
have to see the merchandise for himself. He told her and
Angela to strip so he could see for himself what he was
getting for his money. Sylvia reached behind her and
unzipping her dress let it drop to the floor at her feet.
Then she slipped the straps of her slip off her shoulders
and that too joined the pile of clothing at her feet. Clad
now only in a wispy bra and panties she reached behind her
back and unclipped her bra letting the straps fall over her
shoulders, she bent slowly forward as she removed it from
her full lush tits.

She then hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties
and peeled them down over her hips and stepped out of them
and her shoes. She was now completely naked in front of him
and his eyes greedily drank in all of her body from her full
ripe tits with their erect nipples to her pale blonde cunt
hair. Angela had a slightly easier time having only to
remove her halter top which she unsnapped and peeled off
over her arms showing her full luscious tits surprising for
her age since she wasn't wearing a bra and unzipping her
shorts slid them and her panties down her long legs exposing
her blonde cunt hair and slipping off her shoes. She too was
now completely naked in front of him and he also ran his
eyes up and down her young lithe body as he appraised each
of them.

Angela started to cover her breasts and V with her arms and
hands but he slapped her face and pulled her arms away
telling her not to cover herself.

Turning to Sylvia he told her to stand with her hands
clasped behind her neck and her legs wide apart so he could
get a better look at what he was going to be selling. Sylvia
did so and he cupped each of her tits, hefting and weighing
each one in the palms of his hands, he pulled and pinched
her nipples till she bit her lip to keep from crying out and
then he ran his hand down over her smooth stomach and toying
with her cunt hair slipped several fingers between her legs.
Muttering to himself as they came away wet he then told her
to turn round and bend over and to keep her legs spread wide
apart and grab her ankles. When she did so he stroked her
ass cheeks and kneaded them in his hands and pulled her
cheeks apart exposing her asshole. Probing it with his thumb
until she gasped he pulled apart her cunt lips and inserted
two fingers all the way in her moving them in and out while
he slowly stroked her clit remarking how wet and tight she
was.

He then turned his attention to Angela. When Sylvia told him
she was still a virgin he told her that that meant she would
simply fetch a higher price.

Telling Angela to turn around and bend over with her legs
spread wide apart he inserted a long finger into her cunt
stopping only when it ran up against her still intact hymen.

Smiling to himself he slapped her on her ass and told her to
turn around and stand up and clasp her hands behind her neck
and to keep her legs as wide apart as she could. When she
did so he hefted and palmed each of her luscious tits
pulling on her nipples till she cried out in pain and then
he felt between her legs telling her that she wouldn't have
long to wait to lose her cherry.

He then picked up their clothes and throwing them into
a large wastebasket set fire to them, telling Sylvia and
Angela that from now on they wouldn't need any clothing
except what their new Master might give them.

He then gave each of them a long rough robe to wear tying it
off at the waist he then led them out of the room down the
stairs and out of the door and into a waiting car.

After several days of being examined, pinched , prodded,
poked and having their tits sucked on they were finally sold
to the local emir's representative who told their owner that
the emir was looking for a gift for a friend of his and that
these two women might be just right. They quickly agreed
upon a price and after snapping collars around their necks
and attaching leashes he led Sylvia and Angela away to meet
their new Master.

Sylvia and Angela were separated upon reaching the palace of
the emir. Showing Sylvia into a room in the center of which
was a large pool of water with several other female slaves
standing by its side, the eunuch made her remove her robe
and then left her there. Leading her down a few steps into
the pool the female slaves bathed and washed her body,
anointing her body all over with sweet smelling perfume and
oils.

End of Part 6




Part 7

They toweled her off and dressed her in sheer see-thru
pantaloons thru which her pale blonde cunt hair could be
seen and soft cloth slippers and a short bolero top held
closed with only one button thru which her full luscious
ripe heavy tits with their hardening nipples poking thru
could bee seen and with a pin clipped a tiny red fez to the
top her luxuriant blonde curls. They led her into another
room and had her sit on a small soft cushion and served her
in a very small cup some kind of molasses like sweet coffee
telling her in a little while she would meet her new Master
the emir.

The bolero top barely covered her full tits and left her
completely bare midriff to the tops of her hips. The elixir
shortly did its work and she started to feel hot and warm
and also slightly wet in between her legs.
In the meanwhile Angela also had been bathed and perfumed
and dressed similarly to her mother but she was led
immediately to the Chief. One of the servants told her to
kneel and touch her head to the floor and show respect and
as Angela did so her full tits slipped free from her tight
bolero top. The servant pusherd Angela down on her knees
again as she tried to rise and told her to sit on her heels
and clasp her hands at the back of her neck and wait until
the Chief told her what to do. Angela did so aware that her
tits which had popped loose from her bolero top were fully
exposed to his gaze. When Angela sat on her heels the
servant pushed her thighs wider apart showing her cunt hair
and slightly pouting cunt lips to the Chief's gaze thru the
sheer pantaloons and she started to blush furiously. The
chief motioned for her to get up and sit next to him on the
couch he was reclining on. Angela did so and the Chief gave
her some sweet molasses like liquer to drink from a small
cup. Angela thought it was much too sweet but the servant
insisted she drink it all down. Shortly after Angela did so
she started to feel very strange in between her legs and
felt very hot. The chief indicated she should take her top
off and Angela eagerly did so showing her full luscious tits
with their now erect nipples to him.

Taking hold of her arms he pulled her to him and bent his
head to kiss and suck on her exposed breasts and gently bite
the hard nipples. As he sucked on her tits Angela felt
herself grow more and more excited and barely noticed it
when the Chief lay her on her back on the cushions and
lifting her legs slipped her pants off of her long shapely
legs leaving her completely naked and exposed to his gaze.
Making Angela bend her legs at the knees and grabbing her
thighs and spreading them wide the Chief positioned his cock
at the entrance to her virginal pussy. With a swift hard
thrust he pushed his cock past her tender outer tissues and
ring and as Angela moaned in a mixture of pain and pleasure
broke her hymen and buried himself in her up to his balls.
Beginning a slow in and out movement as her tissues tightly
gripped his cock he slowly fucked her as Angela thrust her
hips upwards to meet his thrusts until they exploded in a
mutual shattering orgasm. Pulling out the Chief had a
servant clean them up and then while Angela reclined next to
him watched and listened to the dancers and exotic music.

A few hours later one of the female servants came for Sylvia
and led her down a curtain covered corridor to another room
where musicians were softly playing some middle eastern tune
and the emir was sitting on some cushions and next to him
was Angela dressed in an outfit similar to what Sylvia was
wearing. Pushing her forward towards the emir the servant
whispered in her ear that she should bow low before the emir
to show him some respect. Sylvia moved in front of the emir
and bent over from the waist so that her forehead almost
touched the floor with her arms in front of her palms
touching the floor. Her full lush tits almost spilled out
from the sheer bolero top as she did so and the emir
indicated she should dance for him. The musicians picked up
their pace and Sylvia danced a slow seductive dance for the
emir.

With her hands over her head and her hips moving from side
to side, her full tits swaying and bouncing, several times
almost slipping free from the tight bolero top she let the
music and her body work themselves up to a frenzy. She was
covered in sweat by the time the music was over and she came
in front of where the emir was and again bowed low from her
waist and one of her tits slipped from the sheer top. She
sank to her knees and bowed her head to floor while she
awaited the next command from the emir. Sylvia was very
excited and was very wet in her pussy. She sat on her heels
with her arms behind her and head bowed as the emir
indicated that she should stand up. She did so and he told
her to take off the top and pantaloons.

Sylvia unbuttoned her top letting her full tits swing free
and then bent and in one smooth motion peeled the sheer
pantaloons over her hips and down her legs and stepped out
of them. The sweat glistened on her naked body with her
excitement. Her nipples were standing erect with her
excitement and her cunt hair was glistening with her
moisture. She looked over at the emir while she slowly ran
her hands up over her smooth flat stomach and cupped her
tits pulling on her nipples and she licked her red lips as
she seductively smiled at him. The emir clapped his hands
and servants brought out more cushions and laid them on the
floor.

Sylvia lay down on the cushions on her back and spread her
legs while holding her arms out beckoning to him. Meanwhile
the emir peeled Angela's top and pantaloons off and laying
back on the cushions told her to mount his stiff member.
Angela did so eagerly positioning her cunt just above the
head of his cock and slowly eased down until it was just
pushing aside her lips. Then she eased her self down on it
gasping with the pleasure. The emir grasped her hips and in
one swift thrust buried himself in her to the hilt. Angela
gave one swift gasp of pleasure as he buried himself deep
inside her but then as the emir settled down to a slow in
and out movement she gave in to the new and pleasurable
sensations she was experiencing.

Gasping with each new thrust and as the emir reached up and
started to play with her tits, sometimes pinching her
nipples she gave out one long loud moan and shudderingly
came just as the emir shot stream after hot stream of cum
flooding her deep inside. The emirs' friend meanwhile had
gone to the head of the bed where Sylvia was and having her
get on all fours was having her suck his cock. Sylvia did so
eagerly sucking and licking, taking him all the way down her
throat where his head bumped against her tonsils. The emir
on seeing this told Angela to put on a double dildo and fuck
her mother from behind.

Angela strapped on the double dildo around her hips and got
behind her mother on the bed positioning the dildos at the
entrances to Sylvia's cunt and asshole. With a thrust of her
hips Angela buried both dildo's in both of her mothers'
holes and started an in and out motion with her hips. The
effect upon Sylvia was electric. She started to moan and
gasp with each thrust and suck harder on the cock filling
her mouth and started to buck and push her ass back harder
towards Angela with each forward thrust of the twin dildo's.
She came again and again and the emir's friend sensing that
his orgasm was near grabbed her head and pulled it down on
his cock as he shot his cum in her mouth. Sylvia gulped and
swallowed it all down greedily with excitement and then
slumped on the bed in exhaustion. The emir asked his friend
which one he wanted and he eagerly pointed towards Sylvia.

The emir nodded and some servants came forward and lifting
Sylvia off the bed and on to her feet started to bind her
arms and hands tightly behind her back and tie her knees and
ankles together. Sylvia started to struggle as they did so
but was not able to get free. They stuffed a huge gag in her
mouth and then blindfolded her and carried her away to the
car waiting outside. Putting her in the trunk and checking
on her bonds they closed the lid and left her in darkness.
She was not see her daughter ever again.

Sometime later Sylvia felt hands lifting her out of the
trunk and carrying her somewhere. When they removed the
blindfold from her eyes she saw she was in another room and
the emir's friend was standing in front of her. They forced
her to her knees and the emir's friend started to look over
his prize. Nice big tits, good cock sucker, tight cunt a
really nice one. He also mused if he tired of her he could
always sell her for a good price. He walked over to her and
grabbing her tit with one hand started to feel and squeeze
it and pinch her nipple, while his other hand slowly moved
up and down his own cock. He then turned her over to his
manservant who was standing nearby. The manservant grabbed
her upper arm and pulled her out of the room down a corridor
into another room filled with low cushions.

Tossing her down he untied her and unslung a cane from his
belt after making her get on all fours with her ass up
thrust he started to cane her soft smooth upthrust behind.
She jerked and moaned and cried out with each stroke but he
didn't stop until he had covered her cheeks with 10 red
stripes that quickly raised themselves into welts. Then
telling her not to move he spread her cheeks and without any
lubrication he brutally ass fucked her, reaching around in
front to grab her dangling tits and pinching on her nipples
and squeezing her tits hard with each stroke he told her
that she was very tight and needed to be loosened up back
there. This went on for several days with the manservant ass-
fucking her and the chief forcing her to suck his cock under
threat of a caning.

The chief also used her cunt but preferred to have her
mouth. Sylvia kept hoping her husband would show up and
rescue her but after several months when he didn't appear
she started to despair. One day about three months later,
while the chief was fucking her mouth and his manservant was
ass-fucking her she finally came to the realization that her
husband wasn't going to show up and that she might as well
enjoy herself.

Renewing her cock sucking on the chief's member in her mouth
she sucked harder and for all she was worth not stopping
till he came, and she greedily sucked down every drop.

Meanwhile she pushed her hips back towards the manservant
who was ass-fucking her in rhythm with his thrusts until he
came spurting deep inside her. Remarking that her mouth was
as dry as the desert and that she had become a very good
cock sucker, the chief pulled out of her mouth and grabbing
her by the ears held her head tilted up towards him and
asked her if she was finally ready to be cooperative. She
nodded her head up and down vigorously and he reached
underneath her to caress her hanging tits and pinch her
nipples till she squealed and cried out in pleasure. She was
taught how to dance for the pleasure of the chief and his
guests.

Several times he gave her to one or another of his guests
for their entertainment and had her dressed in sheer see-
thru veils and slowly dance and erotically strip for them.
Sylvia started to look forward to this when it occurred and
the guests were free to use her in any way they desired.
Some caned her, others used her mouth or ass but most used
her pussy. Sometimes he showed her off to other chief's
having her expose her pinkness or her erect nipples on her
large tits. He would have her strip and bend over grabbing
her ankles with her legs wide apart while they inserted
fingers in her cunt or ass or he would have her stand up
with her hands clasped at her neck and they would lift and
squeeze her large tits or pinch her nipples as she moaned in
pleasure. More than once he turned down offers to buy her.
He would also have her either suck their cocks or rub them
between her tits or let them use her cunt or ass until they
came. He expected her to swallow every drop and she greedily
did so. He made her kneel back on her heels with knees wide
apart and her arms behind her back and bow her head as she
thanked each of them for honoring her. She started to get
used to life as his sex slave and started to enjoy it more
and more.

After several more months the chief started to tire of her
and turned her over to his manservant to deliver to the
local slave auction, instructing him to get whatever he
could for her.

Snapping a collar on her neck and attaching a leash he bound
her arms behind her with thin cord and pulled her down a
corridor towards the waiting car, stopping only to cover her
with a robe that he threw over her head.

At the local slave auction she was forced to remove her robe
and her collar was replaced with a metal one which they
locked tightly around her neck and they attached steel
manacles to her hands and feet joined by a short length of
chain so she was forced to take short mincing steps. A
servant led her away to another cell where he pushed her
roughly inside and she fell scraping her knees on the rough
stone floor. She saw she that there were 2 other naked women
in there with her, chained and manacled as she was.

The next day she was taken to another room where the
manacles on her hands and feet were unlocked but not her
collar and she was examined and appraised before that
evenings auction. She was told to stand with her hands
clasped behind her neck and spread her legs wide apart. When
she did so they hefted each of her tits in their palms
weighing and squeezing each one and pinched and stretched
her nipples heedless of her moans or cries. Then they told
her to turn around and bend over and grab her ankles and not
move.

Inserting a rough finger in her cunt not pausing as they
forced it in because she was still tight there they moved it
in and out and then inserted the same finger in her asshole
after spreading and kneading her cheeks muttering to
themselves when she gave out a loud gasp of pain as it was
forced into her up to the knuckle. Pulling the finger out
they slapped her harshly on the ass and had her turn around
and stand up and face them again, still keeping her hands
clasped at her neck and her legs spread about a foot apart.

They then felt in between her legs and when their hands came
away wet remarked that she was very excitable and probably
would bring a high price on the block. They then had her
kneel on all fours with her ass thrust high in the air and
her legs still spread wide apart and one of them unslung a
cane from his belt.

He proceeded to deliver 10 very hard strokes across her ass
cheeks not pausing at her cries or moans until welts started
to form.

Then snapping a leash on her collar she was led back to her
cell on her hands and knees and he used a short riding whip
on her ass when she didn't move fast enough. Sometimes the
tip found its way between her legs and she would jerk her
leash and cry out in pain as she crawled down the corridor.

That evening she and her two companions were led out of
their cell with their hands cuffed behind their backs with
their collars linked together and wearing ankle shackles
connected with a short chain forcing them to take short
mincing steps.

Their guards used the cane on their asses when they didn't
move fast enough for them and they came to a curtained off
doorway thru which they were led behind what appeared to be
a stage. Once behind stage they were shackled together with
a long line of other naked females awaiting sale. Their
guards walked amongst them checking their shackles and
sometimes feeling in between legs or lifting a tit or
pinching a nipple or two heedless of the cries and moans of
the naked girls. One very good looking redhead with large
tits was held with her hands over her head by a guard while
the other lifted her tits and squeezed them and sucked on
one of her nipples. Then the guard holding her wrists turned
her around and bent her over his knee so her smooth creamy
white ass showed and the other guard gave her 3 hard strokes
of the cane he carried.

At each stroke she cried and jerked in pain and struggled.
He turned her over and spreading her knees parted her cunt
lips with his fingers exposed her pinkness.

The other guard inserted two fingers and slowly moved them
in and out while remarking how wet and tight she was. When
they finally released her and let her stand again she was
openly weeping and crying. One guard slapped her across her
face and told her to stop making so much noise unless she
wanted to taste the cane again. They were then one by one
led out on to the stage and made to mount the block
displaying their charms to the crowd.

Sylvia and her two companions were held until the last since
they were to be sold together.

One of the girls auctioned that evening was a virgin and she
was wearing a thin white robe as she mounted the block. The
auctioneer made a fuss over her before
ripping the robe off of her displaying her to the crowd. The
bidding went higher and higher and she was finally sold to a
man who indicated to the auctioneer that he was going to
deflower her on stage in front of the crowd. Mounting the
stage he dropped his trousers and his huge cock sprang free.
Motioning his new acquisition to her knees she tremblingly
began to lick his cock and then finally opened her mouth and
started to suck his cock. He withdrew from her mouth and
picking her up deposited her on all fours on a small bench
with her ass thrust up high. Getting behind her he
positioned his cock just behind her and with one quick
thrust buried himself in her cunt breaking her cherry
heedless of her cries. She started to moan and groan as he
started his rhythmic in and out strokes and he reached down
and started to pinch her nipples and tits then he picked her
up still impaled on his cock and turned to the audience as
he shot stream after stream of hot cum deep into her womb as
she orgasmed again and again as he played with her clit.

Finally withdrawing from her he made her kneel in front of
him and use her mouth to clean his cock and then he picked
her up and slung her over his shoulder squealing and crying
as he made his way off stage.

When Sylvia mounted the block with her companions the crowd
went wild with excitement but the auctioneer told them to
wait until he had shown them the merchandise.
He had Sylvia and the other two girls stand side by side on
the front of the stage with their legs wide apart and their
hands clasped at the back of their necks. He told the crowd
they could examine the merchandise more closely later. He
finally stopped the bidding when the price did not go high
enough. Leading them off the stage linked by their collar
chains into another room he told them to stand there and
wait as he locked the end of their collar chain to a ring in
the floor and left.

End Of Part 7




Part 8

CHAPTER 3

Angela the emir had decided was too good to give up and he
decided to have her trained in the classic manner as a pony
girl, but first he had to break her spirit. He decided to
befriend her and give her an apartment in town and some
money and then cut off her money to make her look for work
and he would make sure she got hired and trained by the best
in the business before he eventually got her back again.
Telling his servants to dress her and send her to an
apartment he maintained he left. They got her dressed and
delivered to the apartment and left her sleeping on the bed.

The next morning when Angela awoke from her drugged stupor
of the previous evening she recalled she had lost her
virginity and got excited just thinking about the pleasure
she had experienced when it happened. She wondered where her
mother was but then like most teenagers soon forgot about
the matter since she didn't like her mother very much anyway
and she really didn't care about her father since he was her
step-father in actuality.

Looking around the apartment she discovered a letter the
emir had left for her and reading it found she had been
given a sizable sum of money by him to do with as she wished
and the rent on the apartment was paid for the month. Like
most young women who hadn't worked or had any
responsibilities she soon spent all the money the emir had
left her and the rent was due on the apartment in a few
days. She had no idea how to contact the emir nor any idea
how to earn some money to pay for the apartment until she
read an ad in the local English paper looking for models.
Since she was 38-22-34 and even better looking than her
mother she figured she'd give it a try and see what
happened. Telephoning she was given an address to go for an
interview. She went to the address and was shown into an
office and asked to sit down by a woman behind a desk making
notes. Looking critically over Angela and asking her a few
pertinent questions she got right to the point. She told
Angela that it was a job entertaining and modeling lingerie
at private parties. Angela thought it over and quickly
agreed. The woman told her that she needed to look over her
body and make sure she didn't have any unsightly marks or
bruises or tattoos and to step behind the screen and undress
and put on the short robe she'd find there.

Angela got up and walked behind the screen and started to
undress. She unzipped her dress and let it fall at her feet
while she stepped out of her shoes.
Dressed in a lacy bra and panties she reached behind her
back to unclip the catch and bent foward as she let the cups
drop away from her full luscious tits.
She slipped her panties down her legs in one smooth motion
and stepped out of them completely naked stretching her arms
over her head showing her golden blonde cunt hair and full
heavy tits and reached for the robe hanging on a small hook.
Putting on the robe she discovered it was sleeveless and
tied with only one bow at the back of her neck and barely
reached below her hips.

Her luscious tits with their hardening nipples and her
smooth jutting ass pushed the robe upwards and out and a few
wisps of her cunt hair peeked out from under the hem of the
robe.

She stepped out from behind the screen completely naked
underneath the robe and walked over to the woman who was
waiting for her near a steel table in the center of the
room. She had Angela sit on the table first. Angela's
buttocks resting on the smooth steel table top felt very
cold with her legs hanging down.

Asking Angela some questions she reached behind Angela's
neck and untied the bow holding the robe closed and pulled
it away from her exposing Angela's full luscious tits and
golden blonde cunt hair to her gaze. Angela blushed and
tried to cover herself but the woman gently pulled her hands
away and told Angela to kneel up on the table. Helping her
Angela jerked as she felt the woman's fingers lightly touch
her cunt lips. Kneeling erect on the table top which felt
very cold, Angela on her knees and thighs, started to
tremble and her full luscious tits started to quiver.
Telling Angela to clasp her hands at the back of her neck
she gently stroked Angela's long blonde hair and caressed
her full luscious thrust out quivering tits and gently
pulled on her nipples as she ran her hand down over Angela's
smooth flat stomach to calm Angela down. Taking a camera she
started to take pictures of Angela kneeling on the cold
steel table and Angela tried to get up but the woman stopped
her telling her she needed the pictures to show her
potential clients. Telling Angela to bow her forehead to the
tabletop Angela did so and her full luscious tits bounced
and swayed and sent a chill thru her as her nipples touched
the cold steel tabletop with her soft smooth ass upthrust.

Going behind her Angela jerked as the woman roughly pushed
her thighs further apart and pushed on her back making her
thrust her soft smooth ass up in the air more and showing
her pouting cunt lips and blonde cunt hair between her
widespread thighs.

Gently stroking her smooth ass cheeks Angela jerked and
tried to lean foward when the woman's' fingers suddenly
pushed inside her open cunt lips but her position on the
table prevented that. Telling Angela to kneel up again with
her luscious quivering tits Angela did so and the woman told
her to clasp her hands at the back of her neck again. Angela
did so feeling her self flush from her neck down to her
navel as the woman took more pictures with her widespread
thighs showing her blonde cunt hair and open cunt lips as
the woman finished the roll of film.

A man walked in the room and Angela tried to get up from the
table but the woman stopped her by telling her she must do
as she was told. Angela kept her hands clasped behind her
neck as he walked over to her and she blushed red from her
tits to the top of her pale blonde V. He cupped her full
luscious tits and gently pulled on her nipples and ran his
hand down over her smooth stomach and pulled on her cunt
hair. Telling her to put her forehead to the tabletop and as
she did so thrusting her smooth white ass up in the air she
jerked as she felt his hands roughly spread her thighs wide
apart exposing her pouting cunt lips and hair peeking out
from under and she moaned and gasped as he suddenly shoved
three fingers in her cunt and slowly moved them in and out
before slapping her on her ass cheeks. He had Angela kneel
upright again and keep her hands clasped at her neck and
kneel upright showing her soft smooth ass and golden blonde
cunt hair to him. Angela jerked as his hands forced her
thighs apart and stroked her cunt lips and soft behind
kneading it. Stroking her soft inner thighs he told the
woman she had very very nice merchandise this time. He then
lifted Angela's left tit and squeezing it very hard while
she squirmed he bent his head and sucked on her nipple.
Angela squirmed and got wet between her legs as he fingered
her cunt and sucked on her nipple but did not take down her
hands. He had her kneel down on the table again with her
head touching the top and keep her legs apart and he
inserted two fingers in her cunt while gently pulling on her
nipples.

Slapping and kneading her soft behind he turned and left the
room as the woman helped Angela off the table.
The woman told her to put her bra and panties back on and
put on a long robe behind the screen and then come back to
her. Angela did so and the tile felt smooth and strange
under her bare feet as she walked back to the woman.

She told Angela that she MUST do as she was instructed for
the assignment since she didn't have experience and that
doing as she was told was VERY important.

Telling Angela she wouldn't need the rest of her clothes
since she would be driven to her first assignment she told
Angela to sit down in a chair next to the desk and wait
until the driver arrived to pick her up. Shortly the driver
arrived and showing Angela out the door he led her to the
waiting car. The cool night air felt very cold to Angela as
she got in the car and she shivered and her nipples started
to harden but the car's interior was very warm. Sitting down
Angela's ass cheeks felt cold sitting on the leather covered
seat. Arriving at their destination Angela was shown out of
the car and thru a hall into a room where the driver told
her to wait for further instructions. Then he left and
Angela noticed he locked the door on his way out. Shortly a
woman opened the other door and came in. She told Angela to
remove the robe and follow her. When Angela started to
protest she told Angela if she didn't she would be fired and
never work in the city again and that she was to do as she
was told.

Angela untied the robe and dropped it to her feet and
followed the woman dressed only in her bra and panties out
the room barefoot.

She led Angela down another corridor to a small room where
there were some men and women sitting on a couch waiting.
Angela felt almost naked and started to tremble as she was
led over to them.

Making Angela stand up straight and keep her hands behind
her back the woman invited them to examine the bra and
panties. One of the men said he wanted to see the bra more
closely so the woman reached behind Angela's back and
unsnapped the catch and pulled it off Angela's luscious tits
and as the cups were pulled away her full heavy tits with
their hardening nipples were fully exposed to his gaze and
she blushed bright red from her tits down to her V and tried
to cover herself. The woman slapped Angela's ass harshly
thru her thin panties as she told her to stand still and
just do as she was told.

Her full tits started to quiver as the woman pulled her
panties slowly down exposing her blonde cunt hair and
jutting smooth ass cheeks with the dark cleft between and
handed them to a woman to examine more closely.

She was now completely naked and she started to tremble with
her full tits bouncing and jiggling. Making her kneel on a
small table in front of the couch the woman told Angela to
clasp her hands at the back of her neck. Angela clasped her
hands behind her neck and the woman pulled back on her
elbows and her full quivering tits were thrust out to the
maximum with their hard nipples. The woman gently stroked
her long blonde hair and smooth stomach as she gently pulled
her nipples and pointed out to the guests her full luscious
heavy tits and blonde cunt hair and how obedient Angela was.
Stepping in front of her she had Angela kneel erect and her
full luscious tits bounced slightly and Angela jerked as she
roughly pulled Angela's thighs wide apart fully exposing her
blonde cunt hair and open pussy to them. One of the men got
up and ran his hands over her smooth thighs and up her flat
stomach and cupped her lush quivering tits as he squeezed
them and pulled on her nipples as she blushed from her
stomach down to her cunt. Telling her to put her forehead on
the table so he could examine her better Angela tremblingly
did so and as her smooth jutting ass was thrust up in the
air he walked behind her and stroking her soft inner thighs
pulled her cunt lips open and shoved two fingers inside.

Moving his fingers in and out Angela started to gasp and
moan and her full luscious tits started to swing to and fro.

He reached underneath her and suddenly pinched her nipples
cruelly hard and she jerked foward. Harshly slapping her on
her ass cheeks he went back to his seat on the couch and
told the woman Angela was very good merchandise and she had
done well this time. Making Angela get up she helped her
down from the table and forced her to kneel in front of
them.

Telling her to clasp her hands behind her neck and bow her
head she roughly slapped her ass cheeks as she forced
Angela's thighs further apart exposing her blonde cunt hair
and wide open pussy.

Angela started trembling as she bowed her head to the floor
and recited what she was told to say "Thank you Master for
buying me. I hope I please you. My mouth tits, ass and pussy
are for your pleasure." He made her stand up keeping her
hands clasped behind her neck and as she did so her full
luscious tits bounced slightly as she exposed her blonde
cunt hair and smooth flat stomach. Going over to her he ran
his hand over her smooth stomach and underneath her luscious
tits cupping them as she trembled and reaching behind her he
stroked her jutting smooth ass cheeks before harshly
slapping her on them telling her to go into the next room
and kneel down with her hands behind her back and with her
head to the floor and wait for him. She got up shaking and
her full tits quivering and as she walked over her ass
cheeks jiggled and she opened the door and walked inside
closing it behind her. He came inside shortly and she was
completely naked kneeling with her head bowed to the floor
and her hands behind her back as he had told her. He told
her to kneel erect and as she did so her full luscious tits
bounced and jiggled. He told her to turn around and grab her
ankles and spread her legs wide.

She tremblingly did so as her full heavy tits hung down.
Telling her to reach back and spread her pussy lips for him
she hesitated a moment and then slowly reached back between
her legs and with her fingers gently pulled her cunt lips
wide open exposing her inner pinkness to him as her thighs
were spread wide apart. Grinning he sat down and made her
come over to him and slapping her on her ass cheeks as he
reached behind her and grabbed them lifting her into his
lap. She grunted and moaned as his cock parted her cunt lips
wide and her lips bulged as they gripped it tightly as he
forced in her tight pussy.

He bent his head to suck on her luscious heavy tits as he
grabbed her hips and thrust her down forcing his cock all
the way in making her moan and her luscious tits quiver as
he made her move up and down as he fucked her with her cunt
lips tightly gripping his cock. Her luscious tits bounced up
and down and she started to moan and gasp just as he came
spurting deep inside her and was flushed from her neck down
to her stomach as he roughly dropped her on the floor and
told her to kneel with her head to the floor and not move.
Sobbing she assumed the position as he left the room with
her dripping cunt lips spread wide open.

CHAPTER 4

Margaret was a redheaded girl from France whose last name
was De Bure and had inherited the title of Vicountess but in
name only. Margaret had been acquired by the slaver when she
was sold to him by one of his agents in Marseilles. She had
a lover as most young French women did and when the
relationship turned sour he took revenge on her leaving her
stranded in Marseilles without money or friends. She tried
working as a waitress and barmaid but that didn't work out.
Finally she tried her hand at exotic dancing in one of the
clubs down near the waterfront. The woman who owned the club
had at first not wanted to hire her but when Margaret said
she'd do anything she reconsidered.

Part of her duties at the club included mixing with male
customers and seeing that they were satisfied and bought
more drinks. She was reluctant at first but then started to
enjoy it as time went on.

One day the manager called her into her office and shut the
door. She told Margaret that she was not making her quotas
and that something would have to be done to see that she
did. Margaret expecting to be fired pleaded and begged with
her not to fire her. The manager finally told her that she
would have to, as she put it, entertain some of the male
customers.

Margaret understood and almost told her to forget it but she
was desperate and needed the money so reluctantly she
agreed. Showing her into another room the woman told her to
strip so she could take some pictures to show potential
clients. Margaret stood up and unbuttoned her blouse and
shrugged it off over her shoulders.

She unzipped her skirt and let it fall over her hips to her
feet and she stepped out of her shoes. All the while the
manager had taken up a camera and was snapping pictures of
her while she disrobed. Clad now in her slip and stockings
she slipped the straps off her shoulder and pushed it down
to join the growing pile of clothing at her feet. Reaching
behind her to unclip her bra she was interrupted by the
manager telling her to turn sideways so she could get a
better shot.

Letting the catch go Margaret slowly removed her bra as the
cups fell away from her lush full tits. Bending she started
to remove her panties but the manager told her to take them
down slowly and bend her knees slightly. This exposed her
pouting cunt lips as she bent and slid them down her long
legs. There was just a hint of her red cunt hair showing
between her legs as she stood before the camera bent over in
only her stockings and garter belt.

End of Part 8




Part 9

Telling her to clasp her hands behind her head and face the
camera the manager continued taking pictures. She then told
Margaret to bend over facing away from the camera with her
hands on her knees. Margaret did so showing her creamy white
ass to the lens again and jerked as the manager's fingers
came between her thighs from behind to push her legs further
apart showing her cunt lips spreading open. Then she removed
her stockings and stood up and turned around facing the
camera holding her tits in her palms offering them to the
camera while the manager finished the roll of film.

Sitting down completely naked in front of the manager's desk
the manager told Margaret that the session was perfect and
she would have many clients and just do what they wanted and
she would be fine.

She asked Margaret what her measurements were and what was
the approximate date of her period. Margaret didn't know why
she asked but she answered it anyway as she jotted it down
on a small notepad. Telling her to get dressed and go home
and await a call Margaret did so.

Shortly Margaret received a call from the manager telling
her to go to a certain address where she was to provide part
of the entertainment at a party. Arriving at the address
that was a yacht slip Margaret was shown by the butler into
a cabin where he told her to strip and put on the costume
that was lying on the bed. Closing the cabin door the butler
stood there expectantly. Margaret seeing she had no choice
unzipped her dress and let it fall at her feet as she
stepped out of her shoes. Wearing only a lacy slip she
slipped the straps off her shoulders and it joined the pile
of clothing at her feet. Reaching behind her to unclip the
catch on her bra Margaret turned sideways bending slightly
as she let the cups fall away from her full lush tits
crowned with their erect hardening nipples exposing them to
his gaze. She sat on the edge of the bunk and rolled her
pantyhose down her long legs and pulled them off.



She was now completely naked in front of the butler and she
blushed bright red as she stood up and stretched and
exposing her full luscious tits and red cunt hair to him.
She turned and bent with her full tits dangling and her
smooth ass cheeks with the cleft between showing some wisps
of her red cunt hair peeking from between her thighs and her
slightly open cunt lips and started to put on the costume
which was a harem girl outfit when he stopped her by
grabbing her arms and making her stand up and turn around to
face him. She started to struggle but he held her fast while
he ran his eyes up and down her slim luscious body as he
appraised her. Her nipples brushed his shirt and she felt a
chill go thru her body. He lifted one of her large tits in
his left hand and gently squeezed on it weighing it as she
squirmed in his grip.

He then roughly turned her around and harshly slapped her on
her smooth soft ass as he made her bend foward with her
heavy tits dangling and forced her legs apart and she jerked
in pain as she felt his fingers push her cunt lips apart and
shove inside. Finally he let her go and she continued to put
on the rest of the costume. The butler meanwhile had taken
her clothes off the floor and put them in a drawer which he
then closed and locked.

The costume had a sheer see thru top which barely covered
her full tits and her hardening nipples could be easily seen
thru it. A gauzy pair of pantaloons barely coming to the top
of her V completed the outfit along with a tiny red fez
which she clipped on top of her head. When she was finished
the butler pulled open a drawer and took out some shiny
steel manacles. Telling her to put them on she shrugged and
did so snapping them closed on her wrists noticing that they
had some rings on their sides and she wondered what they
were for. The ankle cuffs were a little tighter but after an
effort she finally got them closed.
The butler then grabbed her arms and inspected her costume.
He ran his hands over the sheer top and squeezed her
luscious tits and then ran his hand over her soft ass
feeling it thru the sheer material.

The butler grabbed her upper arm and harshly slapping her
ass cheeks dragged her out into the room where the party was
going on with lots of music and intimate dancing. With her
sheer top exposing her full tits with their hardening
nipples betraying her excitement and the gauzy pantaloons
showing her red cunt hair Margaret felt practically naked as
she was told to move around the room. Someone asked her to
dance and put on some belly dancing type music. The butler
told her to do as she was told and Margaret started to move
her hips from side to side with her hands over her head and
bump and grind her belly and hips in time with the music. As
she danced the sweat started to build on her body and the
sheer material started to stick to her body showing off her
hardening nipples and red pussy hair even more.
She got more and more excited as she danced and just before
the finale a man whispered in her ear telling her to take
her top and bottom off. Standing on a small stage like
platform as she danced she suddenly pulled the top off
herself exposing her full heavy tits crowned with their
erect nipples to the crowd of mostly men some of who
whistled in appreciation.

Bending as she danced she wriggled the sheer pantaloons down
over her hips and stepped out of them and stood naked before
them wearing only the steel cuffs on her wrists and ankles.

Striking a pose of her hands behind her head and spread legs
slightly bent at the knees exposing her spread pussy lips
and her red cunt hair and her tender inner pinkness to the
crowd Margaret felt absolutely wanton and wicked and very
excited and she was dripping wet between her legs and her
red cunt hair glistened brightly as she wet one her fingers
in her mouth and traced it down over her full luscious tits
and smooth flat stomach and gently inserted it in her cunt
moving it slowly in and out. She started to dance again this
time bending over spreading her legs wide and showing her
moist cunt with its fiery red hair to the excited crowd and
she shook her tits at some of them and she bent over one man
who was standing near her platform  and put her tit in his
mouth.

He sucked eagerly on it until she pulled away and she ground
her hips and then started to lay on her back slowly
spreading her legs wide for the crowd to see as she parted
her cunt lips with her fingers and inserted first one then
two fingers in herself slowly moving them in and out and
pulling them out she put them in her mouth and very
seductively sucked and licked them while smiling at the men
who were cheering her on.

Kneeling up as her full tits swayed and bounced she moved
her hips from side to side in time with the music with her
arms behind back thrusting out her full tits and pushing her
ass up showing her soft creamy cheeks and her pouting cunt
lips. Sometime near the end of her dance she felt someone
take her right wrist and roughly pull her to her feet and
snap its ring near the top of the post on the platform she
was dancing on and her left wrist cuff was also snapped next
to her left. She felt her legs being spread apart and the
cuffs clipped to little hooks in the floor holding her legs
about a foot apart. A man bent and spread her cunt lips to
insert a long wide dildo in her cunt forcing it in over her
moans of pain and pleasure. The man who had clipped her
wrists to the top of the post then grabbed her left tit and
squeezed it very hard pulling on her nipple while Margaret
moanerd and squirmed. He ran his hands down her smooth back
and started to knead and cup her soft behind before
spreading her cheeks and Maqrgaret jerked in her bonds as
she felt his finger just touch her asshole. He then stepped
away from her and nodded to another man who unhooked his
belt and started to strap her upthrust ass. She jerked and
moaned and cried out with each blow and felt her ass get
warmer and hotter and the heat transferred itself to her
pussy and she started to buck and squirm and rub her pussy
against the post and arch her ass back towards the belt.
Finally cumming in spite of herself she was unhooked from
the post and grabbed with her legs held wide apart as she
was lifted high in the air and and her wide open dripping
pussy was exposed to the enthusiastic whistles of the crowd
that had gathered around. She was flushed and her nipples
were red and erect with her excitement.

When the music ended someone showed her to an empty cabin to
refresh herself. Shortly the butler came in and told her
that she was wanted again out in the salon. She protested
that she didn't have anything to wear and he told her that
was OK she wouldn't need any clothes for what she'd be doing
anyway.

Then telling her to stand up and turn around, which she did
since she figured she didn't have much of a choice he
grabbed her wrists and forced them behind her in spite of
her protests. He linked them together with a single link
very tightly making her thrust out her full tits and smooth
ass even more. Turning her around to face him he lifted and
caressed one of her luscious tits and started to suck on her
nipple squeezing it until she cried and jerked in pain. He
then bent and attached a short chain between her ankle cuffs
and grabbing her upper arm harshly slapped her ass to make
her move along dragged her stumbling out into the salon
completely naked. As he pulled her along dragging her feet
he smacked her ass and felt between her legs and she started
to sob and cry as his fingers spread her cunt lips and
shoved roughly inside her cunt forcing her to jerk foward
with her full heavy tits bouncing.

One of the men sitting in a large easy chair motioned to him
to bring her over to him.

The butler did so dragging her roughly and he slapped her
face very hard and she started to cry as he forced her legs
wide apart as he parted her cunt lips roughly and shoved
some fingers inside of her and shoved his thumb into her
asshole grabbing her by her sore ass cheeks as he lifted her
struggling into the man's lap. He bent his head and started
to suck on her large tits and pinch and bite them and stroke
her smooth stomach as she moaned and squirmed in his lap as
he stroked and painfully pulled her red cunt hair. She felt
herself getting hotter and hotter and breathing and gasping
harder as his hand worked itself in-between her thighs and
she spread her legs as best she could with her bound ankles
and he inserted several fingers in her spread cunt moving
them in and out.

The cuffs on her wrists and ankles started to dig into her
as she wriggled and squirmed on his lap. Turning her over
his knee so her soft smooth ass with her pouting cunt lips
showing were upthrust he first gently stroked her cheeks and
then spread them apart exposing her asshole. Her full lush
tits were hanging over his legs and he reached down and
cruelly pinched her nipples making her jerk on his knees and
she started to moan and cry as he began to cruelly smack her
ass.

She felt her skin getting warmer and warmer and then her
pussy as his slaps got harder and harder and she moaned and
cried in pain and struggled on his knees. Her full luscious
tits bounced and jangled as she moved on his lap and their
nipples started to rapidly harden in spite of herself.
Heedless of her cries he continued to spank her till her ass
was a bright red and she was crying and squirming on his lap
as she kicked her bound legs about. Standing up he roughly
dropped her on her sore ass and her tits bounced and shook
up and down as she yelped and cried in pain. Bending down he
grabbed her roughly by her bound arms and made her stand up
in front of him with her full tits bouncing and her red cunt
hair and lips glistening with her sweat. He sat down again
in the chair and reaching around behind her he gripped her
sore ass spreading her cheeks wide as she moaned in pain as
he lifted her up on his lap. Forcing her knees wide apart
and gripping her shoulders he forced her pouting cunt lips
on his stiff cock.
She grunted and moaned and cried out in pain as his cock
roughly spread her cunt lips wide apart and forced its way
past her ring and her tender tissues and as he forced her to
lean foward he bent his head to suck and bite harshly on her
full luscious tits and nipples as he squeezed her ass cheeks
cruelly hard making her moan in pain as he made her move her
cunt painfully up and down as he brutally fucked her with
her cunt lips tightly gripping his cock.






She started to buck and moan and breathe heavily and her
full large tits bounced up and down and her nipples started
to harden and she squealed as she came again and again
dripping on the carpet as he spurted deeply inside her
biting her erect nipples as she squirmed in pain again.
Picking her up off his cock he forced her to stand up and
then brutally slapped her sore ass and she jerked and
started to cry and moan in her tight bonds as he forced her
legs brutally apart as he made her turn around spreading her
dripping cuntlips with their bright red cunt hair for all to
see and he bent her foward with her full tits dangling as he
cruelly pinched her nipples making her cry in pain again as
he motioned for the butler to take her away. The butler
grabbed her upper arm which was still tightly clipped behind
her and slapping her sore ass pulled her out of the room and
into the cabin.

Throwing her roughly on the bed with her full heavy tits
bouncing and jiggling she jerked in pain as her sore ass hit
the rough fabric of the blanket. Forcing her over on her
stomach he put his knee in the middle of her back painfully
and as she cried he bent and unclipped her wrists and ankle
chain as he told her to get some rest before she was wanted
again and then turned and left locking the door as Margaret
lay on the bed on her stomach with her sore red ass cheeks
up in the air sobbing and moaning in pain with the steel
cuffs tightly locked on her wrists and ankles and her
dripping spread cunt lips.

Shortly the butler came back in to the cabin and told her to
get up and as she did so her full luscious tits jiggled and
bounced as she stood on her feet. He told her to stop crying
and be good and that she was wanted for another assignment.

He opened another drawer and pulled out a bra and panties
which he tossed on the bed for her to wear and some shoes
and a thin cotton dress. He told her to put them on quickly
as he didn't want to be kept waiting.



She took the bra and slipped it on over her shoulders
bending as she let her sore tits fall in the cups and
reached around behind her to snap the catch. It was very
tight and barely covered her full heavy tits and her
hardening nipples poked thru the sheer material. She put her
legs in the panties and pulled them up sobbing as they came
in contact with her sore ass. Her jutting ass pushed them
out and a few of her red cunt hairs peeked in front.
Slipping on the dress she discovered it buttoned down the
back and had a small locket dangling near its collar. She
finished putting on the dress and the butler came over to
her and bending unlocked her ankle cuffs. Roughly grabbing
her hands he unlocked the steel cuffs from her wrists and
pulled her out another door into a waiting car. The back
door opened and she got in and was driven to her next
assignment. The driver warned her not speak during the ride
and just do as she was told. He drove to a house somewhere
in the country and pulled up at the front door. Opening the
back door of the car he told her to get out and follow him.
Margaret did so feeling the chill night air on her body as
she walked to the door.

Opening it he led her inside and down a hall to another room
where he showed her inside and told her to sit down and
wait. Margaret sat in one of the hard wood chairs and tried
to relax. Shortly another door opened and a woman told her
to come inside. Margret did so and the woman sat down at a
desk with Margaret standing in front of her. There was a
large steel table in the center of the room and some drawers
underneath it and other doors which Margaret assumed to be
closets. Telling Margaret to strip completely as she had to
make sure her body didn't have any blemishes she got up and
stood next to the table waiting. Margaret started to
unbutton her dress and slipped it off her shoulders as she
let it fall to the floor. Clad now in the tight bra and
panties Margaret slipped off her shoes as she reached behind
her back to unclip the bra bending slightly as she let the
cups fall away from her luscious full tits.


She slipped her thumbs in the panties and pulled them down
her legs and stepped out of them. She was now completely
naked and her luscious tits started to shake as she walked
over to the woman standing near the table. Helping Margaret
get up on the table Margaret jerked as she felt her hands
gently lift her soft ass cheeks and fingers just lightly
touch her pouting cunt lips. The steel table felt very cold
to Margaret's legs as she knelt on the steel table
completely naked and exposed.  Telling Margaret to kneel
down and put her forehead on the table and rest on her
elbows and spread her legs Margaret did so and as she spread
her legs the woman pushed her thighs wider apart and made
her arch her back by pushing it down thrusting her soft
smooth ass up in the air exposing her spreading cunt lips
and her red hair as she gently rubbed Margaret's soft thighs
and stroked her soft ass cheeks before pulling her cunt lips
wide open to expose her tender inner pinkness as she
inserted two fingers in her cunt and moved them in out
gently. Margaret's soft smooth ass was thrust up in the air
with her wide spread legs and exposing her red cunt hair and
spread cuntlips for all to see with her dangling full tits
touching the cold steel tabletop.

Telling Margaret to kneel erect and lean back she put her
hands on Margaret's shoulders and pulled back on her
shoulders as she told her to move her knees further apart.
Margaret's full luscious tits were thrust up in the air and
started to quiver with their erect nipples as she arched her
back spreading her legs wide exposing her pouting cunt lips
and red hair again. The woman ran her hands up over
Margaret's smooth taut stomach to cup and weigh her full
luscious trembling heavy tits with their hard nipples and
gently squeeze them and pull on her nipples. Margaret
started trembling as the woman gently stroked her long red
hair and soft inner thighs and her full luscious tits with
their hard nipples started to jiggle slightly as she calmed
Margaret down.

End of Part 9




Part 10


Margaret's body jerked suddenly as she felt the woman's
fingers roughly force her thighs wider apart and gently
spread her cunt lips open exposing her inner pinkness. The
door opened and a man walked into the room going over to the
table. Margaret blushed from her cheeks down to her full
heavy tits and tried to move her knees together to get up
but the woman pushed gently on her shoulders forcing
Margaret to stay in position. He came closer and cupped her
full luscious tits and gently squeezed and pulled on her
nipples. Margaret tried to twist away as he bent his head to
suddenly suck on and bite her heavy luscious tits with their
rapidly hardening nipples very hard and then he suddenly
lifted his head and pinched her nipples cruelly making
Margaret jerk in pain. He stroked her quivering thighs
before having her kneel with her ass upthrust and Margaret
jerked as she felt his hands reach in between her soft
thighs and force her knees wide apart and then pull her cunt
lips wide open and two fingers pushed in exposing her
wetness and pinkness. Pulling his fingers out of her cunt
her then stroked and kneaded her soft smooth ass and roughly
pulled her cheeks open and she stiffened and moaned in pain
as he inserted a finger in her asshole. He then pulled his
finger out and had her kneel erect on the table again. He
told her to clasp her hands at her neck and stay that way.
Margaret did so and he ran his hand over her flat stomach
and cupped and weighed each of her luscious tits squeezing
her nipples very hard and twisted them bringing tears to her
eyes. Stroking her long hair he the made Margaret open her
mouth and he examined her teeth as he stroked her soft wide
spread inner thighs and played with her cunt lips pulling
them wide open before he suddenly left closing the door.
Margaret started trembling and the woman gently stroked her
long red hair and quivering heavy tits and smooth ass cheeks
trying to calm Margaret down. Leading her into another room
she opened a closet and pulled out a filmy lacy robe with a
zipper in its front and told her to put it on. Margaret did
so and it hugged her body outlining her sweet curves. Her
full jutting tits and smooth ass pushed outward on it and
her hardening nipples could be seen poking thru its front.

Taking out some steel manacles and some leather from the
closet and ignoring Margaret's protests she told her to lift
her hair and snapped a tight black leather collar  over her
slim neck which had some small rings around it.

Grabbing her wrists she locked on each of them a tight steel
cuff which started to dig into Margaret's wrists. Telling
her to lift her feet she snapped tightly around her slim
ankles matching cuffs which also had some rings around them.
Forcing Margaret's arms behind her she twisted her wrists
and snapped them tightly together with a single link forcing
Margaret to arch her back and thrust her full luscious tits
out as they poked thru the sheer material of the robe.
Snapping a leash onto the link connecting her bound wrists
and harshly pulling on it she forced Margaret's wrists
painfully up between her shoulders as she snapped its end to
a ring on her collar. Margaret's full tits started quivering
as they were thrust out to the maximum and she started to
tremble in her tight bondage as the woman gently stroked her
bright red hair and ran her hand softly over her ass cheeks
as she calmed her down.

Bending she snapped a short chain between Margaret's  ankles
and dragged her stumbling out of the room with a leash she
had snapped tightly to a ring on Margaret's collar.

Pulling her into the room she forced Margret over to a couch
where there were several men and women sitting and talking.
Margaret's heavy luscious tits thrusting out with their
erect nipples started to poke thru the flimsy robe started
to tremble and the woman harshly slapped her on her ass
cheeks as she told Margaret to stand still and just do as
she was told. One of the men wanted to feel the material of
the robe so she bent Margaret foward with her full tits
dangling and thrusting her smooth jutting ass out more.




Feeling the material around her neck he pulled on the zipper
exposing the deep cleft between her full luscious tits as
they were thrust outwards by her bound arms to his his gaze
and Margaret felt herself blush from her face to the top of
her quivering tits. Pulling it off her shoulders as he felt
the material her full heavy tits were fully exposed to his
view with their hardening nipples and he suddenly cupped one
of her luscious tits and squeezed it very hard making her
jerk backwards but the woman forced her to bend foward even
more telling her to display the merchandise properly.

Margaret was naked and completely exposed to them from her
neck down to her navel and she struggled in her tight bonds
but the woman held her tightly. He told the woman he wanted
to look at the robe closer and the woman holding Margaret
pushed it down over her smooth flat stomach exposing her red
cunt hair and upthrust jutting soft ass cheeks as it slipped
down her long legs and she forced Margaret to step out of
it. Margaret was now completely exposed to their gaze with
her full quivering luscious tits, smooth flat stomach, long
legs and fiery red cunt hair and smooth jutting ass cheeks
and she started to tremble again in her tight bonds as the
woman started to gently stroke her long hair and soft smooth
ass and gently run her hand over her flat stomach as she
calmed Margaret down.

The woman holding Margaret turned her around and he stroked
her smooth jutting ass cheeks before smacking them making
Margaret jerk in her grasp as he told her to get Margaret in
position.

Leading Margaret over to a small wooden table she forced
Margaret on her knees on the rough wood making her yelp as
the wood scraped her tender knees. Making Margaret bend
foward with her luscious tits dangling and their hardening
nipples swing loose and bounce she clipped the chain
connecting Margarets ankles tightly to a small snap hook so
she could not move them.




Tying leather straps around Margaret's bent knees she
roughly pulled on them forcing Margarets thighs wide apart
exposing her red cunt hair and wide open cunt lips with her
smooth jutting ass for all to see. Making Margaret bend
backward as she pulled on Margaret's leash she forced
Margaret to arch her back thrusting out her full luscious
tits and smooth jutting asscheeks even more as she clipped
it to the chain connecting Margaret's ankles. She jerked in
her bonds as someone roughly ran their hand over her smooth
ass cheeks and then harshly squeezed them. She tried to move
her head and legs but due to her position all she did was
thrust her full heavy quivering tits out even more.

Going behind Margaret she patted her smooth ass and gently
stroked her cheeks before pulling them wide apart and just
lightly touching Margaret's asshole with a finger which
caused Margaret to jerk painfully forward in her bonds. She
felt a finger running along the inside of her thighs and
just touching her exposed cunt lips and stroke the wisps of
her red cunt hair. The man in front of her lifted and
squeezed her full luscious tits weighing them and she jerked
and started to cry in her tight bonds as her nipples were
cruelly pinched and pulled but the steel cuffs and straps
held her fast. Then her ass cheeks were pulled roughly apart
to expose her asshole and she jerked again in her bonds when
a rough wooden dowel was brutally shoved in testing her
tightness. She tried to lean foward when she felt his
fingers roughly pull her cunt lips open and push inside.

She heard them talking about how smooth her ass was and its
tightness and how large and firm her full heavy tits with
their hardening nipples were and blushed a deep red as
someone remarked she was also very wet in her cunt too with
her fiery red cunt hair. Someone said they'd like to get a
better look at her so the woman went over to Margaret and
released the leash connecting it to her ankles so she could
kneel upright.




As Margaret did so her full heavy tits swung loose and
bounced slightly as she knelt erect. Her knees were still
bound wide apart and the leash on her collar was pulled back
and clipped to another hook in the platform pulling her head
back and making her arch her back thrusting out her luscious
tits and red cunt hair to the maximum. She started to
tremble and cry in her tight bondage as the woman gently
stroked her hair and soft thighs and smooth ass cheeks as
she calmed Margaret down. Thru her wide spread knees her red
cunt hair could be seen and also her wide open pouting cunt
lips. The man lifted and weighed her luscious tits  again
and squeezed nipples very hard as he pulled on them hard
stretching them out and she jerked in her tight bondage in
pain as they were then pinched very  hard making her cry in
pain. She felt someone's hand touch her upper thigh and
stroke her red cunt hair and toy with her cunt lips. She
moaned and jerked in her bonds as the fingers roughly pulled
her cunt lips apart and suddenly inserted themselves roughly
in her cunt and she sagged in her bonds when they were
finally withdrawn.

One of the men said he like to see how excited Margaret
could get. The woman released the leash holding her head
back only to pull it down forcing Margaret's head to the
platform. Then going behind Margaret and stroking her
upthrust ass cheeks she gently parted Margaret's cunt lips
and started to insert a wide dildo in her cunt. Margaret
grunted and moaned in pain as it was forced past her inner
tissues and she was breathing heavily by the time it was all
the way in her. She jerked in her tight bondage as the woman
then started to stroke and play with her clit. Continuing to
play with her clit the woman skillfully brought Margaret
just to the brink of orgasm and then she started to withdraw
the dildo from Margaret's cunt and Margaret's body shook and
trembled in her tight bonds as she shudderingly came again,
again and again.





Finally Margaret was released from her bonds and allowed to
kneel upright on the small platform. Her hands were still
bound behind her and the chain connected her ankles and the
straps still held her legs wide apart and she started to cry
and sob in her tight bondage. Someone said he wanted to see
how sensitive her skin was so the woman released the straps
holding her knees wide apart and the chain connecting her
ankles and pulling her roughly to her feet the woman dragged
Margaret with her red cunt hair and dripping cunt lips over
to a small leather covered platform. Forcing Margaret on the
platform she made Margaret bend foward on her knees with her
full heavy tits dangling sexily and she forced her head down
and clipped the leash on Margaret's collar to a snap hook
holding her head down tightly. Going behind Margaret she
forced her thighs roughly wide apart as she clipped her
ankles to a spreader bar painfully forcing her legs about a
foot apart exposing her dripping cunt lips and bright red
hair as she first unclipped the link holding Margarets
wrists together behind her back only to pulled them together
again thru her widespread legs to the the bar  and tightly
snap the link connecting them to a small snap hook on the
bar. Margaret was kneeling on the small platform with her
soft smooth ass thrust up in the air with her wrists and
ankles clipped to the spreader bar and thru her painfully
wide spread legs her red cunt hair and her dripping open
cunt lips could be seen as she sobbed and cried in her tight
bonds with                      her luscious full tits
dangling down and her nipples brushed and pressed against
the platform. She moaned and tired to wriggle but the
spreader bar and her cuffs and chains held her tightly in
position.

Going behind her and stroking her soft ass and gently
pulling on her red cunt hair and stroking her soft tense
inner thighs the woman told her to be good and then stepped
back. Reaching down the woman gently caressed her dangling
tits and cruelly pinched her nipples making Margaret jerk
and cry out in her tight bonds. Margaret suddenly screamed
out as she felt the tip of a small leather whip hit her
across her soft ass cheeks.

Someone said he didn't want to have to hear such yelping and
the woman went over to Margaret and squeezing on her
dangling heavy tits and pinching Margaret's nose she forced
Margaret to open her mouth as she forced in over her teeth a
huge ball gag which she buckled tightly behind Margaret's
head over her red hair bulging her cheeks outward.

Margaret received 25 strokes  with the whip across her soft
ass and she cried and sobbed over her gag with her full
heavy tits and their hardening nipples bouncing and swaying.
When the tip of the lash found her open cunt lips she tried
to scream again but the gag and her bonds held her fast and
all that could be heard were her soft moans. Tears were
streaming down her face and over her tight gag and her ass
was streaked and welts were beginning to form as the woman
unclipped her wrists and forcing them together behind
Margaret's back the woman snapped them together tightly as
she roughly pulled her to her feet dragged her stumbling in
her chains and tight bondage by the leash attached to her
collar out of the room. Dragging Margaret by the leash
attached to her collar and making Margaret stumble due to
her ankle chains she led her into the other room as she
harshly slapped Margaret's sore ass cheeks to make her move
along. Margaret had her hands bound behind her back tightly
clipped together with the chain connecting her collar to her
ankles forcing her to arch her back and thrust her full
luscious tits out. Her heavy tits with their erect nipples
started to tremble and shake as the woman slapped her ass
cheeks with a small crop and made her stand with her back to
an upright post with a cross bar. Attaching Margaret's
collar leash to the top of the post and clipping it tightly
she forced Margaret to stand on her toes as she bent and
unclipped the chain connecting her ankles and roughly forced
her thighs wide apart showing her red cunt hair and dripping
cunt lips. Clipping her ankle cuffs to small hooks in the
floor she released Margarets wrists clipping them to
opposite ends of the cross bar.




Margaret was now spread eagled on her toes showing her fiery
red cunt hair and wide open cunt lips and as she sobbed over
her gag her full tits started to bounce and jiggle and their
nipples started to get erect. She still had the huge ball
gag tightly in her mouth when a man came in and going over
to her slapped her sore ass and feeling her thighs ran his
hand up to her dripping cunt lips and suddenly pulled them
wide open thrusting two fingers inside her as his other hand
grabbed her right tit and cruelly pinched her nipple making
her moan over her gag.

He ran his hand down over her smooth stomach to pull on her
red cunt hair and she jerked in pain in her bonds when he
bent his head and sucked strongly on one of her luscious
tits biting the nipple as he moved his fingers in her cunt
in and out. She started to gasp and moan as she got more
excited and almost came but he pulled his fingers suddenly
out and left her hanging there with her full luscious heavy
tits jiggling and her hard nipples and her dripping cunt
lips.

The woman released her wrists and ankles from the bar and
reclipped her wrists tightly together behind her back again
as she stroked her smooth stomach and quivering tits gently
pulling on her hard nipples as she released Margaret's head
from the chain pulling it back as she forced Margaret down
on her knees on a small leather covered platform making
Margaret bend foward with her full heavy tits dangling and
her jutting ass cheeks up in the air she clipped the end to
a snap hook so Margaret couldn't rise from her position.
Then she told Margaret that she had done so well that
someone wanted to buy her and that she could't refuse since
the amount was so large. Margaret jerked in her tight
bondage when she heard this and started to cry and sob over
her gag but her position on the platform and the chains on
her wrist and ankles held her fast. She then put a soft
leather blindfold over Margaret's eyes and buckled its strap
behind her head.



Margaret started to cry over her gag and tremble making her
full luscious hanging tits bounce and sway and the woman
gently stroked her hair and red sore upthrust ass and soft
inner thighs as she tried to calm her down as she told her
that she was very lucky and pretty and her new Master would
take good care of her and she didn't have anything to worry
about and only the most beautiful and excitable girls were
bought by him. Margaret jerked in her tight bonds as she
felt her sore ass stroked and then tried to jerk foward in
her bonds as she felt her cunt lips pulled wide open and a
huge dildo was forced in past her ring and tender tissues.

She was sobbing and crying over her gag as its strap was
tightly buckled around her waist and she felt her ass cheeks
pulled apart and jerked anew in her bonds as a wooden dowel
was forced in past her sphincter and its strap also buckled
around her waist. Margaret felt someone release her leash
holding her head tightly down and reconnect her wrists with
a chain to her ankles forcing her to stay in the bent over
position with the chain tightly digging into the soft cleft
between her ass cheeks and put soft leather straps around
her neck and knees and over her back and under her bound
legs tightening them very securely with her tits dangling
and the huge inserts stretching her wide open as she was
lifted by strong hands and put into a rough wooden packing
crate and its lid nailed tightly shut.

Several days later the crate was opened and Margaret was
lifted out crying and struggling and the straps holding her
bent over were released and as she came erect her full
luscious tits bounced and jiggled and her red cunt hair and
her smooth sore jutting ass was exposed for all to see. They
bent her roughly over again and unlocked the straps around
her waist and yanked her cunt and asshole inserts out
laughing as they made slight squishing noises. They removed
the huge ball gag from her mouth and rechained her ankles
and hands behind her back before pulling her to her feet as
they dragged her down a corridor struggling and crying


Margaret jerked in pain when one of the guards used his cane
on her still sore ass and forced her thru a door at the far
end.

Dragging in Margaret struggling and moaning and crying they
locked her to the same ring that Sylvia and another girl
were chained to. Another Arab went over to Margaret who was
still sobbing from the spanking and the whip used on her
sore ass and grabbed her by her arms turned her to face him
grabbing one of her luscious tits and squeezing it until she
squealed in pain. He asked if she was submissive under
punishment and was told he didn't know but that he could see
for himself.

Bending her forward over a desktop he borrowed a cane from
the auctioneer and gave Margaret 10 hard strokes across her
sore ass as she jerked and cried out in pain with each
stroke.

Some of the stripes started to break into welts and she was
weeping and crying as she was roughly pulled to her feet.
Bending her backwards over his knee the auctioneer pulled
her thighs wide apart and spread her cunt lips exposing her
pinkness and remarked how tight she was and what a bed good
warmer she'd make. He said he would consider that and that
he enjoyed taming some like her.

Sylvia almost started to move forward to stop him during his
caning of Margaret but the other Arab held her back
struggling in her chains. Finishing his caning of Margarets'
bottom they turned and together they bent Sylvia across a
knee and spread her legs exposing her lush pinkness while
the other bent his head and started to suck on a tit, biting
a nipple causing her to cry out and squeal in pain.

Turning her around and bending her over the same desk top he
gave her twenty very hard strokes with the same cane they
had used on Margaret.

End of Part 10




Part 11


The auctioneer then invited the other man to use Sylvia's
ass if he desired. Going over to her he gripped her cheeks
and spreading wide them brutally rammed his cock up her
asshole. Scraping his beard across the welts on her back as
he ass-fucked her she cried out and moaned in pain as he
reached underneath and started to squeeze and pinch her
heavy tits before he finally came. Pulling out he wiped
himself off on her ass then pulled up his pants and turned
to the other Arab and indicated that he would take both
Margaret and Sylvia.  The chief auctioneer said he already
had Margaret sold but considering that they were such good
friends he would find another girl for Margaret's buyer. The
other girl who was a brunette watched all of this with
growing horror and excitement as she was starting to get
very wet between her legs. Grabbing the brunette the
auctioneer bent her backwards across the desk. He dropped
his pants and his cock sprang free. Holding her hands over
her head he forced her knees apart with his other hand and
positioning his cock at the entrance to her cunt rammed it
in her cunt in one brutal thrust causing her to groan and
moan as he forced it all the way in past her tender tissues.

Settling down to a steady in and out movement he bent his
head and sucked on her tits and bit her nipples and neck
causing her to squeal louder and finally came deep inside
her and cum started to drip down her legs as he filled her
to overflowing.

He then pushed a button on the side of the desk and some
guards came in. Telling them to take the brunette and take
care of her he re-buckled his pants. They gleefully grabbed
her by her arms and hustled her out and down the corridor.

The auctioneer then told the other man he could pick them up
in a few days after they'd been inspected to insure that he
was getting healthy merchandise. They were then led back
their cell and roughly pushed inside before their shackles
were removed including their collars. Sylvia and Margaret
put on the only clothes they'd been left which were bra and
panties.

The next morning they were led down a corridor and told to
sit on a bench outside another door.

Then the door opened and Sylvia was led inside. At a desk a
young negro was making entries in a ledger. Looking up at
Sylvia he gruffly told her to strip. Startled Sylvia
hesitated but when the guard started to unsling his cane she
quickly turned sideways to the desk as she reached behind
her to unclip the catch of her bra. As she did so and let
the cups fall away from her full lush tits the negro behind
the desk grinned and licked his lips. She then hooked her
thumbs in the elastic waistband of her panties and rolled
them down over her hips stepping out of them. Without
looking up the negro at the desk asked her age and whether
she was married and what time of the month her period
occurred. Her face was red as she told him and he wrote the
information in his ledger.

The doctor motioned her across the room and she had to walk
over conscious all the while of several sets of eyes on her
tits and ass moving and swaying.

Putting her up on a scale the doctor pulled out a tape
measure and putting it around her tits called out the
measurement to the negro at the desk, then the tape dropped
to her waist and finally her hips.

Then turning her around the doctor prodded and probed her
tits asking if she had any lumps. Then telling her to lie
down on the examining table and put her knees and legs in
the stirrups the doctor walked to its foot and forced her
legs wide apart exposing her inner pinkness and she turned
her face to the wall in embarrassment.

Then the doctor inserted first one then two finger in her
cunt pushing and pulling them in and out and Sylvia started
to buck her hips and moan in excitement.
Stroking and pulling on her blonde cunt hair the doctor said
that it might have to be shaved off if that was what her new
Master wanted and it usually was the case since it was a
sign of submission.



Then inserting a finger in her asshole and moving it about
testing her tightness the doctor told her her new Master
wanted her widened back there and for the next two days she
would have to wear an insert.

Showing her a wooden dowel flared at its end about 4" in
diameter the doctor started to insert it in her asshole
shoving it in and twisting and turning to force it all the
way in. When it was all the way in the doctor buckled the
strap hanging from its end around her hips so she couldn't
force it out. Sylvia moaned and groaned and cried out in
pain as it was forced all the way in her tender asshole and
let out a sigh and moan when it was finally in her to its
end and the strap was buckled. He then turned Sylvia over to
the guard who led her outside. Passing Margaret still
sitting on the bench she rolled her eyes trying to warn her
of what to expect.

Sylvia's guard led her down a corridor to her cell where he
snapped a steel collar tightly around her neck as he
manacled her hands behind her back attaching their link to a
ring on her collar so her hands were drawn up towards her
shoulder blades thrusting out her full luscious tits with
their erect nipples. He then bent and shackled her ankles
together with a short length of chain and snapped a leash to
another ring on her collar.

He then showed her a huge ball gag and when she refused to
open her mouth pinched her nipples and nose until she opened
her mouth to breathe. He then rammed it in brutally behind
her teeth and buckled the strap tightly at the back of her
head. The straps cut cruelly into the corners of her mouth
as he picked up the leash and led her down to another
corridor and a short flight of steps to another much smaller
cell , which was like a very shallow closet. Pushing her
inside he clipped her collar ring to a hook overhead in the
ceiling so she was almost hanging by her neck he bent and
snapped her ankles to hooks set in the floor spreading her
legs about a foot apart.


Then he squeezed her tits and pinched her left nipple till
she emitted a stifled moan over the gag in her mouth.
Feeling between her legs he then extinguished the light and
closed and locked the door leaving her hanging there
uncomfortably in darkness. Her neck started to ache and the
stretcher in her ass and her numerous red stripes from the
lash which were beginning to fade, finally settled down to a
bearable level and she fell fitfully asleep.

Margaret was led into the doctor's office and was told to
strip by the negro sitting behind the desk and when she
hesitated the guard unslung his cane and gave her three hard
strokes across her ass causing her to jerk in pain. Then he
ripped off her bra and panties and slapped her face and told
her to stand still unless she wanted more. Crying and
weeping, tears going down her cheeks Margaret sobbingly
complied. She was weighed, measured and had her tits lifted
and examined and her cunt was spread open and her asshole
was also examined. Remarking that she was already loose
enough in her ass but not in her cunt the doctor made her
lie down and spreading her cunt lips wide inserted an 8"
dildo in her cunt filling her completely. It had a small
bulb on its end which when squeezed spurted itching fluid
inside her cunt irritating her tender tissues to the point
of being very painful. The guard reached down and squeezed
the bulb once and grinned in satisfaction when Margaret
jerked her hips and cried out in pain as the fluid did its
work. The doctor attached its strap around her hips and thru
her legs locking it on so she could not remove it.

The guard then led her out and back to her cell.
He shoved her roughly inside her cell and then forced her
down on the rough straw covering the floor.
Unlocking the belt from around her waist and yanking out her
cunt insert he then brutally threw her on the floor and
using his cane across her soft behind made Margaret get on
all fours with her ass towards him. This position made her
luscious tits dangle and then she jerked as he forced her
thighs wider apart with his boots exposing her cunt lips to
him.

Getting down behind her and grabbing her hips and spreading
her cheeks he put his cock at the entrance to her pussy and
as his cock pushed against her cunt spreading it open he
then rammed it in as she moaned and started to fuck her
heedless of her cries of pain as he forced his way past her
tender tissues until he was buried to the hilt.

He squeezed her tits and bit her nipples and neck in time
with his in and out strokes heedless of her squeals of pain.
Cumming almost immediately he then pulled out and forced her
to her knees and made her use her mouth to clean his cock.
Roughly re-inserting the dildo which he re-locked around her
waist he pulled her to her feet and locked a steel collar
around her neck and manacled her hands behind her back and
attached her ankles with a length of chain before attaching
a D ring on her collar to a ring in the wall so her tits
scraped the rough stone and she was on her knees with her
ass facing him. Then he picked up the cane and started to
cane her ass.

Not stopping until he had given her 15 strokes and with each
one she cried out and jerked in her bonds scraping her tits
her ass was covered with stripes and red marks and she was
weeping and crying as he turned her around and he lifted her
left tit and brutally pinched her nipple grinning as hse
cried in pain again and her nipple was throbbing when he
released it as he left locking the cell door.

Two days later Sylvia and Margaret were led to another room
where their shackles and collars were removed and their new
Master was waiting for them. Having one of the guards put
Sylvia up onto a table sitting he told the guard to spread
her legs and cunt lips so he could get a better look. The
guard grabbed Sylvia and made her get up on the table
kneeling with her thighs spread wide apart showing her pale
blonde cunt hair and open cunt lips and Sylvia blushed red
with embarrassment when he then came over and stuck two
fingers in her testing her tightness.


He lifted each of her tits, weighing each one and pulled and
stretched her nipples till she moaned. He then made her
stand up and hold her arms over her head while he gave her 5
strokes on her ass with a cane he carried. She jerked and
almost fell with each stroke and had a few new welts by the
time he was finished. Margaret received the same treatment.
Then telling the guards to prepare them he left.

The guards bound their arms tightly behind their backs with
thin cord and also their knees and ankles and then gagged
and blindfolded each of them.

Margaret had her tits and nipples pinched to force her to
open her mouth to accept the gag. Sylvia resignedly opened
her mouth when told to do so. Then they were lifted and
placed into two waiting packing crates and straps were put
across their hips and stomachs holding them tightly in
place. They were given an injection  of something in their
hips and the lids were nailed shut.

Several days later during which they were unconscious
the crates arrived at their new Masters' estate somewhere in
Greece. The estate was on a private island off the coast of
Greece in international waters and their Master the Sheik
was the ruler of the island as well as its owner.

He was one of the wealthiest men in the world due to oil and
other investments so no one including Interpol and other
agencies would dare to question him or his activities or
those whom he employed.

The men by whom Annabelle, Margaret and Sylvia had been
captured or acquired were on the Sheik's permanent payroll
as well hundreds of others throughout Europe, Asia, South
America and the U.S. although their activities in the U.S.
were rather limited.






The Sheik kept a very, very low profile with his activities
as did his men and only his closet most trusted associates
or persons who were very well known to him and had been
thoroughly checked out were even allowed to get the
slightest hint of his private life. In addition his brothers
and family were involved as well so there was little chance
if any of a leak and even if there were the Sheik was immune
under any law as well as International since he owned the
island and made its laws and the girls he acquired, due to
their training would never do anything and in 40 years they
never had nor were there ever any incidents. The Sheik was
more than fair and equitable with the people he employed and
they all were extremely loyal to him.

The estate itself was situated on top of a high rocky cliff
about 300 feet high all the way around the island and
consisted of about 15 square miles and there were only two
ways to the top of the cliff and the estate and each was
guarded night and day. One was by air and the other a small
dock for some private yachts. The island had never been
invaded even during WW II and the cliffs were unscalable
even to the most experienced mountain climbers. The air
access was protected by radar and the estate itself was in a
heavily wooded area about 5 miles inland so there was no
chance of it being seen from sea nor from the air since it
was not on any international air route nor near any heavily
traveled sea lanes. As to being spotted from the air by a
private plane that too was impossible since he had air
patrols of helicopters constantly guarding that access. The
Sheik in addition made sure that his island was neutral in
every respect so that he would not have any governmental
problems. In short he could do what he wanted when he wanted
and where he wanted answerable to no one.








Opening the crates they were lifted out and forced to their
knees before the head overseer. Removing their blindfolds
and knees and ankles bonds he had them stand up so he could
inspect them more closely. Wrinkling his nose in disgust at
the smell from having been cooped up in a crate for several
days he told the guards to clean them up and bring them to
him later.

Dragging them off to a low fenced in area the guards roughly
tossed them on the ground and attached a hose to a nearby
faucet and hosed them down with a jet of cold water. Several
times the jet of cold water found its way between their legs
and they shivered when it hit them on their tender nipples.
They were made to turn around and bend over and the jet of
cold water hit their assholes. Dripping wet they were made
to run around the area several times while drying off.

Leading them into the room where the overseer was waiting
the guards removed their bonds and bending each over from
the waist forced them to lower their heads and hands into a
pillory forcing them to stand up while being bent over.

The guards then attached a steel cuff on each of their left
ankles locking it on tightly. Then they tied to their ankles
some thin cord pulling on it to spread their legs as wide
apart as possible exposing their smooth jutting asses with
spread open cunt lips and hair. The ankle cuffs the overseer
told them was their Masters' mark of ownership. He felt
between their legs and inserted fingers in cunts and
assholes and pinched and squeezed their hanging tits and
nipples satisfying himself that all was in order. Then he
picked up a short wicked looking riding whip with nine tails
and started to whip them. Sometimes the lash found its way
between their legs and stung them on their cunt lips and
they jerked in the stocks and cried out and at times it
curled its way around their waists to leave a red mark. When
the tips of the lash struck their nipples they moaned and
cried out again in pain.



When he had given each 20 strokes and their bodies and asses
were red and streaked from the lash and covered in sweat he
stopped. They were sobbing and weeping when he called the
guards to take them away. He told them during the whipping
that this was their introduction to life at the estate and
that they had better start getting used to it.

The guards locked collars tightly around each of their necks
and manacled their hands behind their backs and led them
away.

Forcing Sylvia to all fours she was made to crawl into a
cage not high enough to stand up in and her leash was locked
around one of the bars and the door closed and padlocked.

Margaret was similarly treated and one of her guards had to
cane her ass and pinch her nipples and squeeze her tits
until she obeyed. They both curled up as best as they could
with their collars and bound arms and tried to relax and
sleep.

The next day each was led out from their cages by their
leashes and with strokes of the crop on their already tender
asses made to move down the corridor to another room.

Inside the room they could feel the heat from the fire in
the forge and a small brazier glowed brightly with some
branding irons being heated up.

Forcing each one to their knees and making them keep their
foreheads to the floor, they were told that their Master had
decided to train them as pony girls and that their cunt hair
would be shaved off and their nipples and cunt lips pierced
for the insertion of rings so that reins could be attached
to them.

End of Part 11




Part 12

Then grabbing Sylvia and relocking her hands above her head
he attached them to a hook hanging from the ceiling and she
was hoisted from the floor to where her feet barely touched
it, stretching her out and putting a strain on her arms.

Grabbing Sylvia's right tit at the base and with two fingers
the smith pulled and stretched her nipple and attaching an
alligator clamp to hold it in place as she howled and moaned
in pain and her body shook in the chains he picked up a long
needle and pierced her nipple. He did the same to her left
tit while Margaret looked on in horror. When he pierced
Sylvia's cunt lips she jerked and cried out loudly in
renewed pain.

Margaret in spite of herself found she was growing very  wet
between her legs and her nipples started to harden.
The smith had finished piercing Sylvia cunt lips and was
inserting some small golden rings in her tits and cunt. He
stepped back and admired his work.

Turning to Margaret he had her stand up and grabbing her
right tit he examined her nipple pulling on it and pinching
it very hard. Margaret squirmed and moaned while he did so
but found herself being turned on by all the abuse.

Telling Margaret he was NOT going to pierce her nipples or
cunt lips brought Margaret almost a feeling of
disappointment, but that was quickly replaced by shock as he
told her instead of piercing her he was going to recommend
that her Master use alligator clips on her nipples instead.
However she was going to have her cunt hair shaven as well
as Sylvia. Margaret disliked the idea of having her cunt and
V being shaved but she was in no position to do anything
about it.

Sylvia disliked the idea of having her pale blonde cunt hair
removed and started to voice her objections even hanging in
her bonds. A guard going behind her used a cane on her ass,
cruelly striping and raising some new welts until she
collapsed moaning and crying.


Forcing her mouth open by pinching her nipples and nose he
jammed a huge ball gag in her mouth and forced it behind her
teeth and buckled it tightly behind her head. Letting Sylvia
down and re-manacling her arms behind her back and picking
up the leashes they were led back out of the room and into
their new stalls in the stables where they saw some
harnessed girls with bits in their mouths and saddles on
their backs and attendants moving among them sometimes
slipping a rein in between two smooth thighs or adjusting
stirrups or tightening straps or girth belts with rings
hanging from them.

Coming to two empty stalls each was led inside and their
leashes were locked to rings set in the wall.
The stalls were in a common area near the center of the
stable building and the walls were not more that 5 feet high
and decorative railings running on top of the dividers and a
locking gate and there were no windows in the building
except for some skylights overhead.

The floor was covered with straw and each stall had some
rings and pieces of tack equipment including riding crops,
whips, bridles and bits hanging from various hooks, as well
as a small drink bucket and feed bag and a hose attached to
a cold water faucet. Both Sylvia and Margaret were told that
in the morning they would start their training and talking
was forbidden.

They were told that they would have tails inserted in their
asses the following morning as well but that right now they
should get some rest before their cunt hair and V's were
shaved.

A few hours later a groom entered Margaret's stall and
released her leash from the ring only to fasten it to one
higher up so she was forced to stand on tiptoes.  Attaching
her manacled hands to another hook high over her head he
bent and cuffed her ankles wide apart.
Taking a heated towel he applied it directly to her cunt
lips and V area. The heat of the towel started to transfer
itself to her pussy as it moistened her cunt hair.

Then taking some soap and a brush and making a foam he
applied it to her armpit hair and her red cunt hair
liberally until he was satisfied. Then taking a straight
razor and warning her not to move he began to shave her. As
the foam was removed with her hair she began to feel more
and more excited and she started to get wet between her
legs.

Finally he finished and toweled the remaining foam from her
and applied a depilatory which also caused her pussy to
start getting wet again. Then he released her hands and re-
manacled them again behind her back and freed her ankles and
re-locked her leash to a ring set low in the wall so she
could not stand upright and turned, left and locked the
gate.

Sylvia was also shaved but started to resist and was
punished by 10 strokes of the crop across her ass and 5
strokes between her legs until she submitted.

As further punishment Sylvia was led from her stall and made
to enter a low cage not large enough to stand up in so she
had to crawl in on her knees which made her only position
quite uncomfortable and she was also gagged with a huge
penis gag and blindfolded before the cage was padlocked.
Then the cage was hoisted off the floor by a chain by about
a foot and she was on display for all the other mares to see
and she was left like that. She also had alligator clips
attached to her nipples, which with their little sharp teeth
biting into her  caused her to moan in pain behind her gag.

After a little while she finally fell fitfully asleep
as best as she could under the circumstances.

The next morning each was led from their stall by a groom
and down another passageway to the tack room where they
stopped outside the door. Opening the door and leading them
in he stopped and fastened their leashes to rings set in the
wall.




Picking up a bridle and bit he forced Sylvia to open her her
mouth and accept the bit by pinching her nipples and
squeezing her nose. He finished buckling the straps around
her head and adjusted the bearing rein pulling her head
back. Then he refastened her hands and arms behind her back
wrist to opposite elbow so her ass was unobstructed. Then
picking up a tail attachment with a retaining ring at its
end he forced her to bend over from the waist and spread her
legs. Spreading her cheeks he roughly forced it in each push
causing a moan until the retaining ring was past her
sphincter and she could not force it out. He then forced
Margaret to accept the bit and bridle and she started to cry
as he tightly buckled the bit over her teeth and he used the
crop across her soft behind and she jerked and cried in pain
with each stroke and he lifted her tits and squeezed them
hard and pinched her nipples until tears came to her eyes.
He made her accept the tail attachment having a slightly
harder time forcing it in her asshole since she was tighter
back there than Sylvia was. He had to use his crop several
times on her cheeks before the retaining ring would go in,
and the strokes from the crop across her already sore and
streaked ass made her jerk and cry out again in pain over
her bit.

He attached some reins to Sylvia's tit and cunt rings and
attached them to her collar and turning to Margaret he
picked up a pair of alligator clips with short leashes
attached and pulling on Margaret's nipples clamped them on
her while she squirmed and moaned anew in pain.

He affixed girth belts around their waists with rings for
clipping them to carriages and pulled them very tight so it
accentuated their shaven V's and asses with their colorful
tails sticking out.

He also made Margaret turn around and bend over again and he
inserted in her cunt a long 8" dildo with a long tube and
bulb attached. She grunted and squirmed as he forced it into
her pussy past her tender tissues.


He squeezed the bulb and watched as Margaret jerked and
moaned as the itching fluid did its work.

Then he picked up both their reins and led them out into the
corral to begin their first lesson as pony girls and tears
started to roll down their cheeks as they took their first
steps fully in harness and the tails swished from side to
side and he jerked on the bits in their mouths to guide
them.

Once out in the corral he hitched Sylvia to a railing and
led Margaret into the center. Picking up a riding whip and
jerking on the leashes attached to the alligator clips on
her nipples and holding on to the rein going to the bit in
her mouth he made her trot around the corral several times.
Margaret was very embarrassed as she went around the corral
showing her shaven cunt lips spreading open and her full
luscious tits with their erect nipples and cruel alligator
clips bouncing with each step she took. When she didn't keep
her knees wide enough apart the trainer used the whip on her
ass which stung her and left a bright red mark and she soon
learned to keep her knees very high and as wide apart as she
could as she moved around the corral.

More than once the tip of the lash found its way between her
legs stinging her cunt lips when she slowed in her pace. He
also squeezed the bulb attached to the tube from the dildo
in her cunt and watched as she stepped higher and moved
faster when the fluid irritated her tender inner tissues.

Her tits and ass were striped and red marked when he finally
brought her to a halt and hitched her reins to a railing
next to Sylvia.

Sylvia found her herself growing more and more excited while
she awaited her turn and was very wet in her pussy. The
groom picked up her reins and led her out into the center of
the corral and told her to trot  keeping her knees apart and
well up with every step. Then he cracked the riding whip on
her ass and she started to move around the corral.

He tugged on her bit with the reins to direct her and kept
pulling on the reins attached to her nipples. Sylvia too was
very aware of the sight she made as she high stepped aroudn
the corral showing her shaven cunt lips spreading wide open
and wet with her excitement and her nipples grew hard as her
tits bounced up and down and she started to turn red in both
excitement and embarrassment. She was covered in sweat and
almost out of breath when he finally had her come to a stop
in front of him. Her tits and ass were also well streaked
with the marks of the whip and she was slavering over her
bit.

He tightened the strap going underneath her chin forcing the
bit deeper in her mouth and adjusted the bearing rein
holding her head back and made her stand with her back
arched to thrust out her tits and ass until he was
satisfied. He felt between her legs and when his fingers
came away wet he picked up his crop and punished her by
hitting her across her tits 3 times leaving some bright red
marks and she moaned in pain. He told her she would be
disciplined later as well but for now they would continue
her lesson.

He hitched her to the railing next to Margaret and
went into the stable returning with a large light carriage.
Unhitching them he backed each one between the shafts of the
carriage and attached their girth belts to its shafts. He
pulled on the bearing reins until their heads were forced
back and tightened the straps on their bits and reclamped
Margaret's nipples causing her to groan over her bit and
then he got into the carriage and picked up the whip.
Telling them to present their asses properly he cracked the
whip on their buttocks and they started around the corral.
Eventually after being marked with the lash on their backs,
asses, legs and tits they started to pull together as a team
and their high-stepping was timed to his satisfaction. He
alternated the strokes of the whip, first on Sylvia's ass
and then Margaret's. He pulled on Margaret's nipple reins
forcing her to clamp her teeth down harder on the bit as he
directed them around the corral.

Sylvia's tits were sore and aching from the rings in them as
he pulled on them to keep her in time with Margaret's high
stepping and Margarets nipples in spite of the pain she was
having from the alligator clips started to harden in spite
of herself and she was breathing heavily with her tits
bouncing up and down with her movements.

Finally he pulled them to a halt and unhitched them from the
carriage. Their tits, asses and backs were red marked and
striped from the lash and covered in sweat and dirt from
their exertions.  Then leading them by their reins with
tails swishing he made them follow him into the stable.

Leading Margaret to her stall he pushed her inside and tied
her reins to a ring in the wall. Telling her to bend over he
roughly yanked the tail attachment from her ass and then
unclamped her nipples which were red and sore from the cruel
alligator clamps.

He hosed Margaret down and removed the bit from her mouth
and attached her feed bag to her bridle and gave her
something to drink from the bucket. He retied her reins so
she couldn't stand up and left the stall locking the gate
behind him. Sylvia was led in to her stall and made to bend
over and had her tail yanked roughly out making a slight
popping sound as the retaining ring at its end came free.

She was fed and hosed down but then led out of the stall and
into the center of the stable area.

In the center was a large steel triangle with cuffs dangling
from the top and the bottom corners on a small platform.
Leading her onto the platform he then removed her harness
including her bridle and bit and cuffed her hands to the top
point of the triangle and cuffed her legs to each of its
bottom corners spreading her very wide apart and open for
all to see.




Sylvia was very aware that she was spread wide open and the
other mares could see her shaven V and cunt lips.
She started to feel wet between her legs and her nipples
hardened in anticipation. Then he told the other grooms to
bring the remainder of the mares so he could show them the
punishment for disobedience. When they had assembled he
walked over to Sylvia and parted her cunt lips and inserted
a 5" wide long dildo in her cunt spreading her cunt lips
wide and grinning as he twisted and forced it in as she
moaned. Picking up a    a black bull whip he started to whip
Sylvia from the top of her back to the bottom of her legs.
The whip curled around her stomach and left a long red
stripe and when its tip bit her nipple she jerked in her
bonds. When it found its way between her legs and she moaned
in agony he gave her three more in the same spot.

He didn't neglect her ass, giving it more than 20 strokes,
each one leaving a red stripe that caused her to jerk
forward in her bonds as it stung her cruelly.
She was sweating and hanging limply in her bonds when he
finally released her only to reharness her with her hands
behind her back and force the bridle on her head as he
pinched her tits to causing her to moan in pain to make her
open her mouth for the bit that he rammed in over her teeth
and buckled tightly behind her head so that it dug cruelly
into the corners of her mouth.

She was sobbing and almost weeping in her humiliation with
the red marks of the lash on her ass and tits' and cunt lips
spread wide for everyone to see.

Then using a crop on her ass he led her back to her stall
where he tied her reins high on the wall forcing her to
stand on the balls of her feet. He left her there hanging in
pain and with the dildo still stretching her cunt lips
obscenely open.






Returning to Margaret's stall he untied her reins and
removed the bit from her mouth and made her get on her
knees. He told her to open her mouth and suck his cock.
When she didn't comply he picked up a cane and threatened to
use it.

She opened her mouth and started to lick and finally took
him all the way in her mouth and started to suck. He
squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples and when he
finally came held her head down on his cock and made her
swallow every drop. He then had her clean him off with her
tongue and he re-inserted the bit in her mouth buckling it
behind her head very tightly. Then he retied her reins to a
hook high on the wall so she was forced to stand on tiptoe
and turned and left locking the gate. Margaret found herself
growing to like being forced to have sex and suck cock and
she actually started to look foward to the next time.

The next morning Sylvia was led out from her stall and her
harness was removed including her bit and bridle as well as
her tail attachment. Picking up a leash the groom snapped it
onto a ring from her collar. He then forced her to open her
mouth to accept a huge ball gag with chin strap that he
tightly buckled behind her head and over her hair.

He inserted plugs in her ears and blindfolded her and pulled
over her head a full discipline helmet with cutouts only for
her nose so she could breathe. He then drew its laces tight
and tied them off around her collar. He attached manacles to
her hands behind her back and snapped their connecting link
to another ring in her collar forcing her hands towards her
shoulder blades.Her luccious tits started quivering and her
nipples started to harden as they were thrust out and her
shaven V was clearly shown and she was getting wet between
her legs. Her feet were shackled with a chain about 6" in
length so that she was forced to take short mincing steps.
He made her bend over again and roughly inserted in her cunt
a dildo that stretched her lips even further than the
previous one.


He also inserted an wooden dowel in her ass and then ran a
strap connecting it and the dildo in her cunt thru her legs
buckling it around her waist.

Then he picked up the leash and led her stumbling out of the
stall. He led her down a flight of steps and when she missed
a step and fell against him he stopped and used his crop
cruelly on her tits. Coming to an alcove with several
platforms with naked girls on them in various poses he
stopped and bent her over from the waist and removed her
asshole plug and the dildo in her cunt by roughly yanking
them out as she jerked in pain. He then made her mount one
of the platforms and then released her hands from behind her
back. He made her get on all fours and shackled her hands to
opposite corners and shackled her ankles wide apart. He
slipped a T rod underneath her stomach and under her hips
bracing  her so she could not move even in the slightest. He
then inserted in her cunt a long wide tube that filled her
to the limits and stretched her to the maximum and it barely
moved when it was all the way inside her.It bent at right
angles and had a light bulb and shade at its opposite end.

He attached a chain to a ring on the top of her discipline
helmet and locked the other end to the side of the platform
pulling on it until her forehead touched the bottom of the
platform as her tits hung down. He tied some small straps to
her nipple rings and stretched them taut. He then connected
some thin rods to the tubes under her stomach and hips and
then laid a piece of glass on top screwing it down. She had
become a human table ! displayed for her Masters' use and
enjoyment. Other girls were bound in poses resembling coat
racks with outstretched arms, lamp tables with attachments
stuck in their assholes or cunts with electric bulbs at
their ends and still others displayed with either their tits
bound with wire or rope and clamps or weights elongating
their nipples or asses prominently upthrust.

End of Part 12




Part 13


Still other girls were bound with their cunts lips stretched
wide apart showing their inner pinkness as they were bent
over from the waist. In every case they all wore full
discipline helmets and were bound so they could not move
from the positions.

Margaret had been led from her stall that morning still in
harness and into the smith's shop. Her groom told her she
was going to be branded so her Master could identify her
more easily but first she was going to be milked. He bent
her over a low railing so her tits hung free and tied her
legs wide apart to its posts and put a basin underneath. He
then grasped her left tit and pulling on its nipple as she
groaned in pain squeezed it until milk started to flow. He
did the same to her right tit and then roughly yanked the
tail from her ass. Taking up one of the glowing branding
irons he put it against her left upper thigh and she
screamed and passed out. Coming to after having cold water
thrown over her she looked down and saw she had a small
letter M etched into her upper left thigh. Spreading her
cheeks he reinserted her tail shoving it very hard until the
retaining ring popped in behind her sphincter. Releasing her
he led her out into the corral to begin her second lesson.

Making her go around the corral high stepping and using the
whip on her behind when she didn't keep her knees wide
enough apart and jerking on her nipple reins she trotted
until her pace satisfied him. He watched her high step and
made sure she kept her knees wide apart showing her open
shaven cunt lips and lashed her behind with the whip from
time to time to make Margaret keep her knees well up with
each step she took. He then attached a girth belt tightly
around her waist and backed her between the shafts of a
light carriage tightening the bearing rein pulling back her
head making her arch her back thrusting out her luscious
tits with the cruel nipple clamps on them even more and arch
her back putting her ass with the tail high up. He stopped
and roughly yanked the tail from her ass making her cry out
over bit and then got in the carriage.


He adjusted the underneath rein between her legs and pulled
on it until it just touched her cunt lips and she had to
keep her knees slightly apart. Margaret hesitated and then
realized he was waiting for her to present her ass for the
stroke of the whip. The lovely mare followed her training
arching her back presenting her soft ass for the stroke.
With a CRACK! of the whip which he placed perfectly on her
ass cheeks they were off as she high stepped and he pulled
steadily on the underneath rein forcing her thighs wide
displaying her shaven V and open nether lips as they went
around the corral.

Cracking the whip on her behind he made her go around the
corral several times, and she jerked in pain over her tight
bit several times with her heavy tits bouncing and jiggling
when it found its way between her legs to sting her on her
tender nether lips. Finally he pulled and reined her to a
halt and she was breathing heavily and her full tits were
rising and falling as she breathed in and out and she was
feeling very wet between her legs and the red marks of the
lash on her behind and legs and tits and sweaty. He adjusted
her bearing rein and she arched her back thrusting out her
soft ass and full heavy tits further until he was satisfied.
Then he tied her reins to a hitching post and went into the
stables.

Annabelle was then led out into the corral as he returned.
Annabelle whose story we related earlier was in training at
these same stables. Hitching Annabelle and Margaret together
to the shafts of a carriage and after adjusting their
bearing reins and nipple leashes he cracked the whip on
their behinds as they both arched their backs presenting
their asses and with a swish of their tails they were driven
out of the corral and onto the grounds of the estate.
Annabelle had more experience as a pony girl and she set the
pace forcing Margaret to keep up with her. However this was
the first time Annabelle had been hitched in tandem with
another mare.



He used the whip first on Margarets' and then on Annabelles'
behind to make them keep up a fast pace. Going round the
estate they encountered other pony girls hitched singly to
other carriages and others being ridden with saddles with
riding crops being used on their asses.

Finally after about 5 miles he turned them around and headed
back for the stable. As their pace slowed he used the whip
on their behinds and when its tip found its way between
their legs they quickly picked up their knees and pace. When
they came to turns he pulled on their nipple reins causing
them to gasp in pain as they made their way around the
curve.

They made quite a sight with their tails swishing, nether
lips showing with each step and tits bouncing and bells
jingling on their bridles and their slavering over the tight
bits in their mouths. He didn't neglect the underneath reins
pulling on them so they were forced to keep their knees wide
apart showing him their nether lips between their legs as he
cracked the whip on their behinds. He squeezed the bulb at
the end of the tube from the dildo in Margaret's cunt and
smiled as she quickened her pace and moaned as the itching
fluid did its work on her tender inner tissues. Pulling them
to a halt just inside the corral he unhitched them and led
them into their stalls.

Annabelle was excited and very wet between her legs from her
exertions and as she was led back to the stall she suddenly
stopped and turned around to face the groom who was leading
her. She started to rub her thighs together as best as she
could with her hobbled feet and sank to her knees with her
head to the floor and awaited what he would do.

Pulling on her rein forcing her to her feet he led her
inside her stall and closed the gate. Freeing her of her
harness but leaving her hands bound behind her back and
pulling the bit out of her mouth and yanking the tail from
her ass he made her bend over with widespread legs on her
knees.

Getting behind her he put his cock at the entrance to her
pussy roughly parting her cunt lips and with one brutal
thrust forcing his way past her tender inner tissues started
to fuck her.

He reached underneath and squeezed her hanging tits and
pulled on her nipple rings until she squealed in pleasure.
Sensing that he was about to cum she thrust her hips harder
against his forward thrusts as he came deep inside her
flooding her so much that it dripped out onto the straw
below.

Pulling out he wiped his cock on her ass then made her turn
and face him sitting on her heels. Telling to use her tongue
to clean his cock he picked up a cane and threatened to use
it if she didn't obey immediately.

In spite of her rough handling Annabelle almost enjoyed  it
and was very excited in spite of herself by what had
happened. She was becoming as her Master wished a pony girl
with only one desire to please her Master, however she
needed more training.

Margaret's body was covered with sweat and she was very
excited and wet between her legs as she was led back to her
stall. Her nipples were throbbing and starting to get erect
in spite of the cruel alligator clamps on them. She stopped
short in the corridor and started to push her tits towards
the groom leading her and thrust her ass backwards at him
with her legs extended apart showing her obscenely splayed
cuntlips. He turned her around after leading her into her
stall and removed her nipple clips. Bending her over he
removed her tail and cunt inserts laughing as the tail
attachment made a popping sound as the retaining ring came
out. Then removing her bit he forced her to her knees and
squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples made her open
her mouth as he thrust his cock all the way down her throat.





Grabbing her behind her head and by her ears he slowly moved
her mouth up and down his huge shaft. He released her head
to play with her tits as she licked and sucked him until it
grew to full erectness.

Putting her on her back and forcing her knees apart he
thrust his cock into her pussy in one brutal thrust stopping
only to force past her inner ring and inner tissues until he
was buried in her to the hilt. Grabbing her tits and sucking
on her nipples he began an in and out motion pausing each
time his cock was just inside her lips only to roughly
thrust forward again.

She started to buck and moan as she neared her orgasm and
her cunt gripped him more tightly as he pulled his cock out
of her dripping pussy. He spurted his cream all over body
including her face and she opened her mouth to catch some of
the drops.

Pulling her to her feet he hosed her down and reinserted her
bit over her teeth cinching it cruelly tight. Then he tied
her leash to a ring near the top of the wall forcing her to
stand almost off the floor.

He turned and left and locked the gate. Hanging there on the
wall Margaret felt incredibly turned on and excited,
especially when she was harnessed with another mare, by all
of the abuse and what had just happened and was in spite of
herself looking forward to another session.

Margaret was nearing the point where her only desire
would be to please her Master and be the best pony girl she
could be, but she needed more training especially in
obedience. Sylvia however had a very long way to go to reach
the point where she would only wish to please her Master in
spite of the fact she enjoyed some of the things that had so
far happened to her, plus she needed  extensive obedience
training. Annabelle at this point had not yet been fully
trained and although she enjoyed being a pony girl and was
obedient her attitude was not yet to the point of only
desiring to please her Master.

Margaret had not had her nipples or cunt lips pierced
since that was what her Master wanted. With her fiery red
hair and large full tits she was a prize addition to any
stable or harem and her Master planned at some point after
she had finished training to breed her or sell her at a
handsome profit.

All three girls, Annabelle, Margaret and sometimes Sylvia
had their hands bound behind their backs in harness and
without bits in their soft mouths were allowed to run free
under outside supervision in the grassy paddock that
adjoined the stable in the early morning hours only.

There naturally were guards all around the perimeter of the
estate so escape was well nigh impossible as well as
unthinkable with their bound hands and being in harness and
nudity and there had never any attempts at doing so since
the stables had been established over 40 years ago. The
steel identification ankle cuffs all the pony girls wore
plus their pierced nipples and shaven V's and their brands
were also further barriers.

Sylvia who had been made into a human table for her Master's
pleasure was released early the next evening.
The groom re-cuffed her hands behind back after releasing
her from the T rods and reinserted the dildo in her cunt and
the dowel in her ass shoving roughly on them until they were
buried fully inside both her holes. Leading her stumbling
back to her stall he asked her if she was finally ready to
cooperate after he removed the blindfold over her eyes and
the discipline helmet. When she shook her head no he told
her that she would be punished very severely until she did
as she was told. Bending her over from her waist and binding
her so she could not move he gave her 20 strokes of the cane
across her ass stopping only when he had raised 3 new welts.
He told her that she could expect more of the same and worse
until she obeyed. Then he tied her leash to an a hook high
on the wall so she was forced to stand on her toes and left
her hanging there sobbing and moaning in pain.


Hanging there with her cunt lips stretched obscenely open by
the dildo and her asshole stretched by the wooden dowel and
in pain from the welts on her ass she started to come to the
slow realization that she was actually enjoying being a pony
girl and doing what she was told was not much different from
what her former Master the chief had her do. She told
herself as she fell fitfully  asleep that she would try to
more obedient in the future.

In the morning when the groom returned after he released her
from the hook before he could do anything else she sank to
her knees and put her forehead to the floor and then sat
back on her heels and arched her back thrusting out her tits
towards him with her legs spread wide apart and bowed her
head.

He told her that was very good and that she should try to be
better unless she wanted her punishments to increase. She
nodded her head since she still could not speak with the bit
in her mouth. Then making her get up he hooked her leash to
the wall and applied some foam to her and started to reshave
her cunt and V and armpits. When he had finished and wiped
the remaining soap from her body she found herself getting
warm in her pussy in anticipation of what would happen next.

He adjusted her bridle pulling the straps including her chin
strap and the straps alongside her cheeks. He pulled the bit
tighter in her mouth until it dug into the corners of her
mouth. Then he removed her ankle shackles and checked her
identification cuff on her left ankle to make sure it was
secure. Next bending her over with her legs spread he
removed the dildo in her cunt and the wooden dowel in her
ass. He told Sylvia that the reason she hadn't been branded
yet was that it was an honor that she had only now just
earned and that she would be branded later that afternoon.
Picking up her reins and leading her outside into the corral
he exercised her, making her high step with her knees wide
apart for about an hour. He had to use his whip to keep her
high stepping on her behind fewer times since she had
decided to be more obedient.

Leading her back into her stall he fed and watered her and
hosed her down and then removed her bit and bridle and high
leather collar and recuffed her hands behind her back
joining them with a single link.

He pinched her nipples to make her open her mouth wider to
accept a huge ball gag he forced in until it popped in
behind her teeth and he buckled the strap tightly at the
back of her head. He locked a steel collar tightly around
her neck and put steel ankle shackles on her feet so she had
to take short mincing steps. He then tied her elbows
together with a leather strap to thrust out her tits more
and then put a blindfold on her. Snapping a leash on her
collar and using a riding crop on her ass he led her to the
smith where she was to be branded.

Several times she stumbled as they moved down the passageway
as he felt her ass and in-between her legs and he jerked on
her leash and hit her across her tits.
When they came to the smith he forced her to mount a small
platform with a thick post rising from it and get on her
knees. She jerked in pain as he roughly forced her thighs
wider apart as he made her lean foward
with her full luscious tits dangling as he moved her hips
over the post until it was just at the entrance to her wide
open pussy.

Pulling back on her shoulders the thick post slid into her
open cunt as he pulled her cunt lips wide open with his
fingers and she grunted and moaned as it forced its way past
her tender inner tissues and her bulging cunt lips gripped
the post tightly as he tied her nether rings to the sides of
the post holding her open to the maximum.

She was panting and gasping as the thick post filled her
cunt to the maximum and she started to cry over her bit and
bridle making her full luscious tits bounce and her nipple
rings clink together as she tried to find a comfortable
position to settle down in.



There was another larger post on the platform behind the
thick post impaling her cunt and he bound her arms and
stomach tightly to it before clipping the chains to hooks on
the side. He removed her blindfold and pointed to where he
was going to brand her.

He then bound her knees wide apart on the platform and
picked up a hot branding iron.  Putting it to her left upper
inner thigh he held it there a moment. She screamed behind
her gag and jerked and strained in her bonds and passed out.
When she awoke a few minutes later still bound to the
platform she looked down and saw she had been branded with a
small letter S on her upper left inner thigh. Rubbing some
salve on it he released her bonds and put the blindfold back
over her eyes and led her stumbling back to her stall.
Forcing her inside he released her hands only bind them over
her head to a ring set high on the wall and then he bent and
shackled her ankles about 2 feet apart so she was spread-
eagled facing him. Removing her blindfold and gag he
reinserted her bit and pulled it cruelly tight and she
started slavering over it. He then attached weights to her
nipple and cunt rings so they were pulled painfully towards
the floor He then put the blindfold back over her eyes and
reaching down spread her cunt lips to insert a long wide
dildo which caused her to grunt and moan as he forced it in
her till only its end showed. Picking up a crop he gave her
5 strokes across her tits and 3 between her legs and with
each stroke she jerked and moaned again in pain over her
bit.

He then turned and left locking the gate behind him. Hanging
there in pain she finally started to realize that she was
enjoying this and being a pony girl and was wanting to
please her Master more. This was as the Sheik wished since
he wanted her to be a pony girl and desire only to please
whoever her Master/Mistress might be.

End of Part 13




Part 14



The following day the Sheik decided to put all three of the
pony girls Annabelle, Margaret and Sylvia on display and
show them to his friends.

When the grooms went to their stables that morning they were
shaved, perfumed, glitter was applied to their tits, bells
to their rings and bridles and colorful plumage like tails
were roughly inserted in their assholes. Tight girth belts
encircled their waist accentuating their shaven V's and made
them thrust out the tits more as well as their asses.

Blinders were attached to the sides of their bridles
insuring they could only see straight ahead and very high
collars were snapped around their necks forcing them to keep
their heads high and held well back. Then leading them into
the salon where the party was going to be held the grooms
used riding crops on their asses to make them move along
quickly. Reaching the salon their reins were attached to
rings set in the floor and their ankles were shackled as
well. Then putting them behind a light screen type divider
the grooms left to attend to the guests who were beginning
to arrive. Shortly after the party was underway the screen
was removed and the guests crowded around to get a better
look at them. There were men as well as women and their tits
were lifted and squeezed and nipples sucked on and legs
stroked and their behinds were patted and examined. Margaret
had a hard time standing still when three fingers were
inserted in her cunt from the front and another woman
standing behind her put a finger up her ass after removing
her tail rather roughly. Her bit was examined and tightened
and she started to cry as her nipples were pinched cruelly
by a man standing in front of her.

Her shaven V was examined closely by one man in particular
who rubbed his hand over it several times testing its
smoothness after lifting and squeezing her heavy luscious
tits and painfully pulling on her nipples as she jerked and
tried to cry out over her bit.



He turned to her owner as he stroked her smooth ass cheeks
and her tender inner thighs as he pulled her cunt lips wide
open for all to see and made an offer to buy her and the
Sheik said he would consider it but for right now lets go
back to our chairs and sit down and watch the show.

Margaret's tail was put back in her ass and the grooms
linked their collars together with a short length of chain
and cracking a whip on their behinds made them trot around
and around the center of the salon to the delight of the
guests.

They made quite a sight with their full tits swaying and
bouncing and their cheeks blushed red with the humiliation
of each step they took showing off their ringed and shaven
nether lips with the bells jingling as they high stepped
with their knees well apart. Several times the tip of the
whip found its way in-between their legs and harshly stung
them on their cunt lips and they sped up their high stepping
and pace.

Their tits and ass cheeks were streaked with the red marks
of the lash and they were hot and sweaty and very excited by
the time the grooms reined them to a halt to the
enthusiastic clapping from the guests. Then the grooms
forced them to mount several small platforms and display
themselves for the pleasure of the guests. One of the women
going over to Sylvia started to move the dildo in her cunt
in and out exciting Sylvia to where she felt her knees
starting to get weak. Margaret's red hair was stroked and
her large hanging tits were lifted ,squeezed and pinched
till tears started to come down her face and both her cunt
and assholes had fingers inserted to test how wet and tight
she was.

Annabelle was made to stand with her back arched and tits
thrusting out so they could be weighed in the palms of hands
and her nipples were pinched and her ass cheeks were roughly
pulled apart and her tail was roughly yanked out causing her
to jerk in her bonds. One of the women made an offer to
Sheik for her and the Sheik said he would talk with her
later about it.

A man said he wanted to see how obedient Sylvia was and had
her bend over and taking a cane gave her 5 hard strokes
across her behind making her groan loudly over her bit. She
tried not move her body out of position and when he had
finished she sank to her knees and he removed the bit from
her mouth leaving it dangling by a strap. She kissed the
cane and bowed her head to the floor and said "Thank you
Master for punishing me. I hope I please you. My mouth, ass,
and pussy are for your pleasure to do with as you wish." He
then reinserted the bit in her mouth buckling it very
tightly and had her stand up again. The grooms announced
that dinner was ready and the guests sat down at a long
table. The grooms left and shortly 6 of them returned
carrying on their shoulders a large covered serving tray
that was very heavy.

They set it in the center of the table and removed the
cover. There in the tray lay a naked, gagged, heavily bound
girl from knees to ankles whose tits and shaven V were
covered by whipped cream and her nipples were topped with
strawberries. Alongside of her there was all sorts of fruit
from pears to bananas.

Her hands and arms were tightly bound behind her and her
elbows were also tied together to thrust out her tits more
prominently. She was also blindfolded. The guests eagerly
started to eat the fruit and some decided to lick and suck
the whipped cream off her tits and V. When most of the
whipped cream was gone the grooms returned and attaching a
hook to a ring binding her ankles together hoisted her
upside down off the table to dangle over it with her tits
hanging down. This had the effect of displaying her smooth
creamy unblemished white ass to the guests who voiced their
appreciation to the Sheik. The Sheik told his guests that
she was for sale and would anyone care to make an offer.






There were many bids from the guests but in the end she was
sold to a very rich woman who after winning the bidding had
the grooms take her new possession and prepare her to be
transported. They let the hanging girl down and one of them
slung her over his shoulder started to carry her away but
the her new onwer stopped him. Telling the groom to bend her
over the railing near the bar she took a small riding crop
she carried and gave the bound girl 10 strokes across her
ass and 5 on her tits smiling as she jerked and moaned in
her bonds with each stroke. Then she let the grooms take her
prize away. The grooms then led Annabelle, Margaret and
Sylvia back to their stalls.

The next morning the Sheik had Annabelle and Margaret
brought before him. The groom led them in by their reins and
forced them to their knees in front of the Sheik and made
them bow their heads to the floor. They had ball gags in
their mouths buckled tightly behind their heads and were
wearing steel collars and ankle shackles. Their hands were
cuffed behind their backs with their elbows tied together to
thrust their tits out and had large dildos inserted in their
cunts and wooden dowels stretching their assholes.

Fondling Margaret's tits and sucking strongly on one of her
nipples and biting it as she squealed in a mixture of pain
and pleasure and stroking her shaven V he told her that when
she had finished her training she would have a new Master
whom she had met the previous evening.

Turning to Annabelle who bowed her head to the floor again
and looked up at him with pleading eyes he told her that she
too would have a new Master when she had finished her
training. He then had her turn around and bend over with her
legs spread he motioned to a groom who removed the dildo
from her cunt and the dowel from her asshole he told her
that he was only lending her for a few months to a close
friend of his to enjoy but for now she needed to finish her
training and become a better pony girl.


While he told her this he was fingering her cunt and hanging
tits and then he had her turn around and put one of her
nipples in his mouth so he could suck on it. He had the
groom help her mount his stiff cock facing him as he lay on
the couch and she slowly lowered herself on his member as it
pushed aside her cunt lips and buried itself deep inside
her. She started to buck and moan and moved her hips up and
down as he fondled and caressed her large tits as he fucked
her. Sensing that he was about to come he grabbed her left
tit in one hand and her hips with the other and held her
down until he spurted inside her tender inner tissues and
womb. The groom pulled her off and forced her to her knees
again and removed her ball gag so she could speak. Bowing
her head and spreading her legs wide showing her dripping
pussy she said " Thank you Master for honoring me. I hope I
pleased you."

The grooms then led them back to their stalls and fed and
watered them after tying their reins tightly to hooks in the
wall and locked the gates leaving them alone. Margaret found
herself looking forward to when she would meet her new
Master and hoped she could please him. She felt excited at
being sold since that was one of the desires she was
beginning to feel and her nipples started getting erect  and
she started to feel warm in her pussy. She was nearing the
end of her training and this was why the Sheik had agreed to
sell her as well as for other reasons not the least of which
was the amount he was selling her for.

Annabelle too also felt excited at being lent to another
Master but also felt some disappointment at not being sold
since she too was beginning to feel this same desire as well
as wanting to please her Master.

When a groom entered Sylvia's stall the next day and
released her reins from the ring she sank to her knees and
bowed her head to the floor and then sat back on her heels
with her knees wide apart showing her cunt lips.



When the groom had her stand up she bent over and spread her
legs and started to wiggle her hips from side to side and
push her pussy back at the groom offering herself.

The groom wasted no time in grabbing her hips and holding on
to her hanging tits and dropping his pants and shoved his
cock in her pussy with one thrust. Grunting and moaning as
he forced it in past her inner tissues until it bumped up
against her inner ring and he started to squeeze and caress
her tits and pull on her tit rings as he began an in and out
motion fucking her as she squealed in pleasure. This was
what she wanted. This was pleasing her Master. Now if she
could only fulfill her desire to be sold she would feel
complete she thought to herself. She was finally nearing the
end of her training just as Margaret and Annabelle were
being given new Masters.

Margaret's new Master arrived a few weeks later to pick up
his purchase and Margaret was led from her stall into
another room to await him. She was completely naked and her
fiery red cunt hair had been allowed to grow back and her
only adornment was a high leather collar which had been
tightly buckled and locked over her slim neck.

Telling her to wait in the room he left and locked the door.
Shortly it opened and her new Master entered.
Margaret sank to her knees spreading her thighs wide apart
exposing her pouting cunt lips and fiery red hair
and her full luscious tits with their quivering nipples
with her hands clasped behind her back as she bowed her head
to the floor welcoming him. Telling her to kneel up as she
did her full luscious tits bounced slightly and started to
tremble as she clasped her hands behind her neck and thrust
back her elbows making her full quivering tits with their
rapidly hardening nipples shake and thru her wide spread
thighs her red cunt hair and wide open pussy  as she exposed
herself fully to his gaze.



Telling her to stand up he made her turn around and bend
foward and grab her ankles. She jerked as he forced her
thighs wider apart and felt her smooth ass cheeks and almost
cried out as his fingers stroked her red cunt hair spreading
her pussy lips wide as he pushed a finger inside testing her
tightness.

Slapping on her ass he made her kneel in front of him and as
she did so with her full luscious tits trembling he cupped
her right tit and squeezed it very hard pinching her nipple.
She felt herself get very wet between her spread thighs
exposing her red cunt hair with her dripping pussy lips to
his gaze as he made her lie on her back spreading her thighs
wide he pushed his cock spreading her cunt lips forcing it
in past her tender inner tissues as he started to fuck her.
He roughly grabbed her full heavy tits and sucked on their
hard nipples brutally fucking her.

Cumming and pulling out of her he forced her to her feet and
snapping a leash to a ring on her collar and using a crop on
her ass as he shackled her feet with a short length of chain
and manacled her hands behind her back he led her sobbing
and crying down the corridor to his waiting car as Margaret
thought to herself that this was what she wanted, what she
had been trained for, to please her Master and if this was
what he wanted she was only too happy to obey him as well as
do anything else he desired. She had reached the end of her
training and sought only to please her Master and nothing
else mattered to her.

                          CHAPTER 6

Shortly after her Master left Angela sobbing and crying
another man entered the room and tossed her a bra and
panties and a thin cotton dress and told her to put them on
and stop crying. She tremblingly did so and then the man
told her to follow him down another corridor. As she did her
bare feet felt strangely cold on the rough wood of the
hallway.



He led her out to a waiting car and she got in the back seat
and the driver took her back to an apartment where he told
her to stay home and she would be contacted shortly.

A few days later Angela answered a knock on her door and a
woman entered who told her to dress in a bra and panties and
follow her. Angela put on her bra and panties and a thin
dress and slipped on a pair of flat shoes and followed the
woman down to her car. They drove to another building where
the woman had Angela follow her inside and sit and wait for
her in another room and then left her alone. Angela noticed
as she left closing the door she locked it behind her.
Shortly another woman opened the other door and motioned
Angela inside. She was seated at a desk and Angela was
standing in front of her. The woman told her to strip and
reminded her when she hesitated that she had agreed to do as
she was told. Angela started to unbutton her dress and let
it fall at her feet. She reached behind her back and
unclipped the bra exposing her heavy tits with their
hardening nipples to her gaze and bent and slipped her thin
panties down her long legs in one motion and stepped out of
them.

Telling Angela to clasp her hands behind her neck the woman
opened a drawer and took out some leather items and went
over to her and quickly snapped a high leather collar around
her slim neck. Taking Angela's wrist she fastened leather
cuffs tightly around each and bent and put matching cuffs
around her ankles connected by a short chain. Taking a wide
leather belt she buckled it tightly around Angela's slim
waist and buckled it tightly. Before Angela could move she
forced her wrists behind her back and clipped them to snap
hooks hanging from the belt around her waist forcing her
full luscious tits out making her arch her back pushing her
smooth ass upwards.  She forced Angela to open her mouth by
pinching her nipples very hard and when Angela opened it to
cry out forced in over her teeth a huge ball gag which she
buckled and locked tightly behind Angela's head over her
long blonde hair.


She put a thick leather discipline over Angela's' head and
smoothed it down over her face and tightened the laces
cutting off Angela's sight.

Angela started to tremble in her tight bondage and the woman
stroked her luscious tits and gently pulled on her nipples
and patted her ass cheeks as she tried to calm Angela down.
Snapping a chain to the discipline helmet she pulled on it
forcing Angela's head back making her thrust her full
luscious tits out to the maximum and her smooth jutting ass
cheeks even more. Snapping a leash to a ring on Angela's
collar she dragged her stumbling naked out of the room and
down a corridor into another small stage like area where
there were several platforms some covered with soft leather
and other with just bare wood and some posts rising from
them. Leading her over to a rough wood platform which had
two large upright posts on them she help Angela get up on it
due to her chains. Forcing her to kneel down Angela jerked
as she roughly forced her thighs wide apart as she guided
her hips over the twin posts until they were poised at the
entrances to her asshole and pussy. Forcing Angela to lean
foward with her full heavy tits dangling she reached between
Angela's thighs and pulled her cunt lips wide as she made
Angela lean back so the post could slide into her wide open
cunt. Pushing on her shoulders with one hand and the with
the other she parted Angela's ass so the other post could
slide into Angela's ass. Pushing on her shoulders as Angela
grunted and moaned and cried over her gag she forced Angela
down until both posts were fully buried in her ass and cunt.
Angela's cunt lips gripped the post bulging outward as she
was kneeling fully exposing her blonde cunt hair showing her
spread lips tightly gripping the huge post and the other
post buried in her ass clearly showed her asshole the woman
bent and clipped Angela's ankle chain to a hook so she
couldn't move them and they tied straps to her knees forcing
her thighs wider apart. Angela moaned and sobbed in her
tight bondage and moved her hips around as little as she was
able trying to find a comfortable position.


She was kneeling down with a huge post impaling her cunt
spreading her lips as it bulged and another post painfully
impaling her ass and moaning and sobbing over her gag. The
woman went up on the platform and stroked her spread ass
cheeks roughly kneading them and stoked her smooth stomach
and quivering lush tits as she told her to just be good and
obey.

Pulling on the chain attached to the helmet she made Angela
arch her back more thrusting out her luscious quivering tits
and smooth ass to the maximum fully exposing her painfully
spread ass cheeks and cunt lips impaled bulging outward
tightly gripping the post. She felt hands stroke her ass
cheeks and then harshly slap them as she sobbed in her
bonds. She felt other hands squeeze her cunt lips gripping
the post and jerked as her blonde cunt hair was painfully
pulled. She jerked in her bonds and went taught as she
suddenly felt a riding crop strike her right ass cheek
painfully hard and sobbed and jerked foward in her bonds.
The blows got harder and harder and she moaned and cried and
jerked foward painfully impaling herself further on the post
in her cunt as they formed welts. She received 30 strokes
and was moaning and sobbing over her gag and almost limp in
her bonds when they finally stopped. Some one removed her
discipline helmet and tears were streaming down her cheeks
as she was asked by one of the men if she was ready to obey
without question and she sobbingly nodded her head up and
down YES YES since she still couldn't speak with the huge
ball gag tightly filling her mouth. She felt someone give
her an injection of something in her hip and passed out.

When she woke up the next morning she was naked in a stall
with her hands bound tightly behind her in a single glove,
elbow to elbow and wrist to wrist and chained by her neck a
ring in the wall. Shortly a groom came in and released her
chain holding her to the wall and led her out to the smith
shop where her glove was removed and a steel ankle cuff was
tightly fastened on her left ankle.

End of Part 14




Part 15


Putting her in a harness so her arms were bound behind her
wrist to opposite elbow the groom pinched her nose and
nipples cruelly hard until she opened her mouth to breathe.
When she did he rammed in  over her teeth a bit which he
fastened under her chin with a tight strap and behind her
head. Then fastenening her reins and harness to a ring in
the wall so she couldn't move he applied a heated towel to
her long blonde cunt hair and told her he was going to shave
her. She started trembling and her full tits started to
quiver as he told her this and he took a crop and hit her
across her ass as he told her to hold still.

He then applied foam and carefully shaved her V until there
was no trace of hair left. She started to cry as he released
her from the wall and fastened around her waist a girth belt
buckling and tightly locking it. He then led her out into
the corral for her first lesson as a pony girl.

Once out in the corral he backed her between the shafts of a
light carriage and oulled on her bearing rein until she
arched her back thrusting out her full quivering tits and
ass to his satisfaction. Stroking her on her thighs and soft
ass he told her her first lesson was to present her ass for
the whip when they were ready to be off. He got in the
carriage and Angela hestiated and he used the whip on her
ass until she arched her back presenting her buttocks for
the stroke, which he placed at the bottom of her cheeks
where they met her legs. Pulling on the underneath rein as
she moved along she was forced to high step and keep her
knees well apart showing her shaven V and open cunt lips as
they moved along. He alternated strokes first on her left
then on her right ass cheeks as they moved around the corral
and when the tip of the whip found its way between her legs
to sting her on her cunt lips she gritted her teeth in pain
over the bit and moved along faster. Finally after she was
covered in sweat and streaked from the lash and she was
breathing heavily and her full tits were rising and falling
he reined her to a stop.


He led her back into the stables using a crop on her ass and
pulled on her reins as he tied her to a ring in her stall.
He stroked her flat stomach and ran his hand up to cup her
lush quivering tits to cruelly pinch her nipples as he felt
between her legs and when his hand came away wet he told her
she would be punished for that later.

Maria was acquired by the slaver when she was sold to one of
his agents by her family. She came from a poor peasant
family in northern Brazil who lived in virtual poverty and
their only asset was their daughter so they jumped at the
chance when one of the slaver's agents came by their house
one evening and offered them a considerable sum for their
only daughter Maria. Maria who was undeducated didn't really
understand what was going on until the slaver grabbed her
arm and dragged her struggling out the door to the waiting
truck. Putting his hand between her legs he lifted and threw
her into the rear of the truck along with several other
girls who were also huddled there on some sacks. Putting up
the gate and latching it he got into the driver's seat and
the truck took off. After what seemed like hours the truck
came into a small jungle clearing and pulled into a circle
along with several other trucks with their headlights on.
Dropping the tailgate the slavers grabbed each girl and
handed her down to two other men on the ground. The two men
holding the girl would then rip her clothes off until each
was completely naked and then force them on to a low narrow
platform to stand besides other naked girls waiting to be
sold. Maria was grabbed roughly and handed down struggling
to two men. Holding her by the arms the other ripped her
buttons open and tore her dress down to the hem exposing her
full tits and blonde cunt hair covered only by some thin bra
and panties. Putting his hand into the front of her bra he
ripped it off her and her panties as well and when she
continued to cry and struggle slapped her face and made her
mount the platform with the other girls in the glare of the
truck's headlights. Some buyers arrived and started to
examine each girl. Lifting tits and feeling in between legs
and slapping asses they made their selections.

Maria's large tits were lifted and squeezed and she had
three fingers pushed in her cunt as her blonde cunt hair was
painfully pulled making her cry. She was sold to the slaver
who had acquired Annabelle, Sylvia and Margaret for pony
girl training. Snapping a steel collar around her neck he
dragged her crying and sobbing off the platform and two
guards reached in between her legs and threw her into the
back of a truck where she was handcuffed to another girl
already in the truck.

There were about 10 naked handcuffed girls in the truck and
some were sobbing and crying as the truck started off. They
were loaded after several rough hours of travel into the
holds of a ship whose hold smelled faintly of coffee.
Buckets were in each hold for obvious reasons and they were
allowed up on the rear deck every day to run around for a
bit of exercise. Finally after 5 days they docked at a wharf
and the holds were opened and they were herded out on deck.
Guards walked up and down checking handcuffs and collar
chains and they were led down the gangplank and onto the
sand.

Linking collar chains and shackling their hands behind their
backs they were forced with the whip striking their asses to
march over the desert sand. Some were dressed in small jibas
and others were completely naked or in rags. Sobbing and
crying in their chains they were marched barefoot across the
burning desert sands over 5 miles until they finally came to
a group of stone buildings where the slavers had their
headquarters. Going in the gate they were herded into
another building where they were forced to stand in front of
a desk while the guards stripped each of them completely
naked sobbing and crying they were then separated into small
groups and herded down corridors and thrown into cells whose
doors were then locked. Several hours later the guards came
by and unlocked the cells dragging each girl roughly outside
and if they had any clothes left ripping them off.



They grinned and felt the exposed flesh, lifting and
squeezing tits, feeling ass cheeks and in between legs while
the girls struggled and cried. They locked each girl's ankle
to a long chain forming in the corridor and handcuffed their
hands behind their backs and with a CRACK! of the whip on
their asses made to move down the corridor where they were
herded into the auction room. They forced each girl to stand
on as small dais like platform and the buyers inspected each
one. They had their tits lifted and squeezed and nipples
pinched and were made to turn around and bend over with wide
spread legs so fingers could be inserted in their open cunts
and assholes and their teeth were examined and they were
made to stand with their hands clasped behind their heads
while the buyers looked them over carefully.

Finally Maria was sold to a man who had her arms tied behind
her with thin cord which he also looped around her neck and
around her slim waist and then he reached between her legs
and inserting several fingers in her pussy lifted her
squealing into the back of a waiting truck in which were
several other naked girls similarly bound. Very shortly
thereafter the truck started off and Maria looked around
her.

There were several good looking blondes and some redheads
all with large tits and all the girls were completely naked
and sobbing and weeping and a guard got in with them and
told them to shut up unless they wanted to taste the cane
some more and they sobbingly complied and some tried to
sleep or rest as best they could with their bound hands and
arms and the bouncing of the truck. Maria was about 5'3"
with red hair but blonde pussy hair and large heavy tits
with very large long nipples and a smooth jutting ass.








Shortly the truck came to stop and the naked girls were
unloaded. Herding them into a corridor the guards removed
the cord binding their arms and snapped steel collars around
each slim neck and ankle chains and cuffing their hands
behind their backs made them move down the corridor and each
girl was forced to crawl in on her hands and knees into a
small kennel like cell which was then tightly padlocked.
Maria however was separated from the rest and made to enter
another room where the guard attached her chain to a ring in
the floor and left. Shortly another door opened and a woman
entered the room and walked over to Maria. Unlocking her
hands and removing the ankle chains she made Maria get up on
a rough wood table and kneel down with her forehead touching
it. She roughly forced Maria's thighs wide apart and
inserted two fingers in Maria's open cunt and slowly moved
them in and out while Maria started to gasp and moan.
Stroking her smooth ass cheeks she made Maria kneel erect on
the table and clasp her hands behind her back while she
gently weighed and lifted and gently squeezed each of
Maria's large luscious tits and pulled on her nipples.
Forcing Maria's thighs wide apart she gently pulled on
Maria's blonde cunt hair and stroked her smooth flat stomach
as Maria started to tremble.

Pushing a button she summoned a guard who handcuffing
Maria's hands behind her back and harshly slapping her ass
made her sobbingly move down the hall where he roughly threw
her in a cell and bent her over a wooden sawhorse and spread
her legs wide clipped them to its corners. Doing the same to
her hands making Maria spreadeagle over the horse with her
smooth ass upthrust he brutally pinched her nipples and
forced in over her teeth a huge ball gag which he tightly
buckled behind her head. He then picked up a cane and gave
her 15 strokes across her soft ass and with each stroke
Maria tried to cry out and started to sob in her tight
bonds. Stopping he released her only to recuff her hands
behind her back and attach her collar to a chain in the wall
so she couldn't lie down he turned and left locking the cell
leaving her sobbing and moaning over her gag as she fitfully
tried to rest.

Maria had been acquired by a man who owned many many other
female slaves such as she was and she was going to be
trained to have the desire to please her Master whomever
that might be at the moment. She was housed on a very large
estate on the other side of the island where the sheik had
his own private estate in a large compound and her cell was
bare except for a small cot and rings on the wall holding
various straps, chains, gags, whips etc. for her Master to
use. The compound was supervised by three other women who
wore black collars. Black collars signified the highest,
gold the next lowest, red the next lowest, green the next
lowest and finally white signifying the lowest of all such
as Maria now wore. When she had completed the first part of
her training she would be given a green collar to wear
indicating she had the freedom of the inside of her
particular area.

The next morning her cell was unlocked and she was dragged
stumbling down the corridor with a crop being used on her
ass to make her move along. Taking her to another room the
guard removed her shackles and told her to sit in the chair
and wait. Shortly a woman came in and told Maria to get up
on the large wooden table in the center of the room. Maria
did so and the woman told her to sit back on her heels and
clasp her hands behind her neck and not move. Maria did so
and her full luscious tits were thrust out and started to
quiver with their nipples hardening in the cool air of the
room. Going in front of her the woman roughly forced her
thighs wider apart exposing her blonde cunt hair and wide
open pussy to her gaze as she gently stroked Maria's flat
stomach and cupped her heavy tits and pulled on her nipples
while stroking her long red hair. Telling her to put her
forehead down to the tabletop Maria did so thrusting her
smooth soft ass high up in the air and she jerked when the
woman suddenly pulled her cunt lips wide open and inserted
three fingers. A man came into the room and the woman told
Maria to kneel erect and keep her hands at the back of her
neck. Maria did so tremblingly and her heavy luscious tits
bounced slightly with her movement and she started to blush
from her neck to her navel.

He came over to her and stroked her flat stomach and cupped
each of her tits weighing them and pulled on her nipples
before suddenly pinching one making her cry out. Making her
put her forehead down he went behind her and stroked the
cheeks of her smooth ass before pulling on her cunt hair and
then inserting two fingers in her tight pussy testing her
wetness. Maria squealed as he bent his head and squeezing
her left tit sucked and bit her nipple. Slapping her on her
ass he told her to kneel erect again and asked her if she
was ready to do whatever she was told and she tremblingly
nodded her head up and down as he snapped a collar around
her slim neck and dragged her over to a sawhorse nearby.
Spreadeagling her over the sawhorse with her heavy lush tits
hanging down he pinched her nipples and forced in over her
teeth a huge ball gag and buckled it behind her head. Taking
a small whip he then whipped her from her back down to her
feet not neglecting her ass which received over 30 strokes
and she jerked with each one and tried to cry out over her
gag. Stopping after her soft ass was covered in welts he
felt between her legs and delivered 5 strokes between them
right on her wide open cunt and she jerked in her tight
bonds and cried out. He reached down and cruelly pinched her
nipples and she jerked again in her bonds. Releasing her he
cuffed her hands behind her back and led her back to her
cell using the crop on her sore ass to make her move along.
As they moved along the corridor he felt between her legs
and slapped her ass with the crop smiling as she almost
stumbled. Coming to her cell he opened and shoved her inside
locking her leash to a ring in the wall and left her there
moaning and sobbing in pain. Before he left he told her she
was going to have her nipples and cunt lips pierced for the
insertion of rings tomorrow. Sometime in the early morning
hours just before dawn a guard returned to her cell and
removed her shackles and made her kneel in front of him with
her hands clasped at her neck.

He used the tip of his boot on her thighs to force them
wider fully exposing her pussy and blonde cunt hair to his
eyes. Reaching down he squeezed her right tit pinching the
nipple while she moaned.

Telling her to stand up and turn around she did so and then
he told her to grab her ankles when she hestitated her took
a cane and gave her two strokes across her sore ass until
she assumed the required position. When she did he told her
to reach back and spread her pussy lips for him showing her
inner pinkness. As she did he grinned and slapped her on her
ass and turned her around and lifted her into his lap. She
moaned and squirmed as his cock forced its way past her cunt
lips and buried itself in her tender inner tissues and he
bent his head to suck and bite on her large heavy tits with
their erect nipples as she moaned and gasped as he grabbed
her sore ass cheeks and moved her up and down brutally
fucking her. Finally cumming just as her body shook and
quivered as her orgasm hit her he roughly dropped her on her
sore ass and remanacled her to a ring in the wall and left
her there. She was hanging from a ring in the wall and was
flushed from her neck down to her navel from her recent
orgasm with her dripping cunt and she moaned over her gag as
her sore ass scraped the stone wall as she tried to fitfully
fall asleep again.

The next morning her cell door was unlcoked and a woman came
inside and released Maria from the ring and made her follow
her down a long corridor and into another room where she had
Maria stand in front of a desk while she explained to Maria
that she had been acquired as a pleasure slave and this was
the beginning of the first phase of her training. She
explained that many wealthy men were clients and wanted
various girls to use for whippings, bondage and other
purposes. She told Maria that it was possible she might be
sold but was unlikely and that she had to obey all the
orders given to her by anyone or face punishment. She also
explained that Maria's nipples and cunt lips might be
pierced if that was what the clients wanted. She told Maria
she would be taught how to present herself to the clients
and what to do if they wanted something out of the ordinary.
She also explained to Maria the color of the collars and
that white was the lowest, green,red, gold and finally black
the highest.


Anyone who wore a collar of a higher color had to be obeyed
instantly or else she would be disciplined severly. She told
Maria that for now she would wear a white collar signifying
that she was one of the lowest slaves and had no authority
and was just beginning her training. Throwing Maria a jiba
she summoned a guard who led Maria back to her cell. Later
that day a guard came by and grabbed Maria's arms and
dragged her down the corridor to another office where he
told her to remove her jiba. Maria's jiba had ridden up over
her jutting ass exposing her cheeks and cunt hair with her
large luscious tits and erect nipples pushing it outwards.
He slapped her face and ripped it off of her then bent her
over his knee and used his cane on her ass 3 times while she
jerked and cried out in pain with each stroke.  Leaving her
there weeping and completely naked Maria stood still and
waited. Shortly another woman came into the room and came
over to her. Stroking Maria's long hair and sopft smooth ass
she tried to soothe and calm her. The woman wore a black
collar. Telling Maria to get up on a table Maria jumped as
she felt the woman's hands touch her cunt lips. Making Maria
sit on her heels with her hands clasped at her neck she
roughly pulled Maria's thighs wide apart exposing her pussy
and blonde cunt hair to her gaze. Telling her to kneel up
right the woman stroked her soft smooth ass and then made
Maria put her head down to the table top thrusting high in
the air her soft ass. Pulling Maria's thighs further apart
she inserted two fingers in Maria's tight cunt while Maria
moaned and gasped as she played with her clit. Slapping
Maria on her ass she made her get off the table and go over
to a low wooden platform. Making Maria kneel down again she
buckled leather cuffs tightly around her slim wrists and
ankles. Cuffing Maria's ankles to a spreader bar holding her
legs about 2 feet painfully wide apart and making her wet
pussy spread wide open she grabbed Maria's arms and pulled
them thru her legs to attach to a hook in the center of the
spreader bar forcing Maria to arch her back thrusting her
ass upwards more as her full luscious heavy tits dangled and
swung free.



Pinching Maria's nipples she forced Maria to open her mouth
and forced in over her teeth a huge ball gag making her
cheeks bulge and tightly snapped the chin strap closed while
she buckled it tightly around her head. A man came into the
room and Maria jerked in her tight bonds but the chains and
cuffs held her still and very securely. Running his hand
over her soft smooth ass and inserting a finger in her wide
open pussy he pinched her nipples making her jerk and moan
over her gag and then picked up a small whip and began to
use it on her upthrust jutting ass. She jerked and tried to
cry out with each stroke as it left a bright red mark in its
wake and when the tip found her wide open pussy and stung
her there she strained her bonds but to no avail and sobbed
and cried as her sore ass received 25 strokes. He then used
the whip again but this time between her legs and she jerked
and strained in her bonds as the tip bit her cunt lips and
tried to cry out over her gag and she was weeping and
sobbing softly when he finally stopped after giving her 10
strokes. Sagging limply in her bonds with tears running down
her cheeks and moaning over her gag she was released from
the spreader bar and had her wrists cuffed behind her back
tightly while her blonde cunt hair was painfully pulled and
fingers were shoved in her pussy. Remarking how wet she'd
become from the whipping the man said that was very good and
she'd probably make a good slave once she'd finished her
training. Bending her over a nearby sawhorse he spread her
ankles wide apart again and tied them to hooks at the far
ends of the sawhorse's legs pulling her sore cunt lips wide
apart showing her inner pinkness. Slapping her on her sore
ass as she moaned in pain she jerked in pain as his cock
suddenly pushed her pussy lips open and forced past her
tender ring and inner tissues. Reaching in front he grabbed
her sore heavy tits and pinched her nipples as he brutally
fucked her. Pinching her clit making her cry in pain he
spurted deep inside her flooding her to overflowing with his
cum which started to drip down her widespread legs as she
sobbed and moaned. Slapping her on her sore ass again he
release her ankles and dragged her stumbling completely
naked out of the room and back to her cell.

Throwing her in her cell making her fall on the rough stone
floor she moaned anew in pain when her ass scraped against
it. Closing and locking the door he left her there moaning
and sobbing in darkness.

End of Part 15




Part 16
                              
                          CHAPTER 7

Tina was a natural blonde who was acquired by the slaver as
a result of his seeing pictures of her. She was beginning to
model and had gotten a job posing in bathing suits for a
photographer. She was about 38C-24-35 and about 5'6" 120
lbs. and a real knockout and only 23 years old.

She had answered an ad in the local paper and went to a
studio to be interviewed by the photographer. A woman had
interviewed her and asked if she had any objections to
modeling bikinis and Tina said no. Telling Tina she had to
take a series of photos for a portfolio she asked Tina to go
on into the studio and step behind a screen and put on the
suit she found there. Tina stepped into the studio and the
photographer was working on his camera adjusting the lenses
and loading some film as she stepped behind the screen. Tina
started to undress and unzipped her skirt stepping out of
her shoes at the same time. Unbuttoning her blouse and
slipping her half-slip over her hips she reached behind her
back and undid the catch on her bra and removed it exposing
her lush heavy tits with their erect nipples. Sliding down
her panties over her long legs she stepped out of them and
picked up the bikini. It was very small and didn't cover
much and was somewhat rubbery. The bottom was very tight and
barely covered her smooth jutting ass and some blonde wisps
of her cunt hair peeked out from under. The bra also was
very very tight and her erect nipples showed thru the
material. Stepping out from behind the screen she walked
over in front of the camera. The photographer looked up and
told her to lie down on her stomach with her legs up in the
air and face the camera and smile. He had her pose on her
knees and in other various poses with her ass thrust up and
so on.

Stopping for a moment he told her she was very lovely and
asked her if she had ever done nudes and would she consider
doing some now for the portfolio ? She blushed and nodded
her head yes and he told her to remove the top. She reached
behind her to untie it and let the top drop away from her
full luscious tits with their erect nipples. The top was
very tight and had left a stretch mark around her chest and
he told her to bend slightly foward as her tits hung down
and face the camera. After a few other poses such as with
her arms folded across the top of her head and  crossed in
front of her and underneath her tits he told her to remove
the bottom. She wriggled it down over her long shapely legs
and stepped out it fully exposing her blonde cunt hair to
his gaze as he told her to bend away from the camera. The
bottoms were also very tight and had left some marks around
her hips. He told her the marks would show unless they were
covered with some makeup and he told her to come over to a
small table on which were various containers. Sitting down
on a small stool while she stood next to him he reached into
one of the containers and started to apply its contents to
her long shapely legs, over her calf and up her thighs and
over her flat stomach and around her shoulders and he had
her turn around as he applied the makeup to her back.
Applying it to her back he massaged it in over her smooth
ass cheeks and she jerked as his hands went into the deep
cleft between and applied it there and his hands massaged
lightly but did not penetrate her cunt lips while massaging
her buttocks and down her inner thighs. Telling her to turn
around he lifted each of her tits and applied it to them and
topped off her nipples as he cupped her tits weighing them
with a small reddish color pigment while she blushed. He
took several more pictures of her and had her bend over and
grab her ankles with her legs wide apart as her ass faced
the camera as her heavy tits hung down. He told her she had
to either closely trim or shave completely her cunt hair as
it spoiled the pictures.





Telling her the session was finished and to take a shower
and trim or shave her cunt hair he started to load another
roll of film in the camera while she went into the next room
and into a shower stall and started to wash off the makeup.
Finishing the shower and toweling herself dry she reached
for the robe hanging on a hook nearby and belted it around
her waist. The marks from the bikini had faded and she had
trimmed the hair of her blonde V very very short. The robe
barely covered her ass and was a size too small and her full
tits pushed outward on it as she walked back into the
studio.

Looking up he told her to take off the robe and get in front
of the camera. When she took off her robe he told Tina to
reshave her V again and when she protested that it was as
close as she could get it he then told her to shave it
completely off. She blushed and went back to the bathroom
and shaved her blonde cunt hair completely expsoing her
naked cunt lips and then put back on the robe. Walking back
into the studio she dropped the robe and felt herself turn
red as he looked up at her and ran his eyes over her body
focusing on her now shaven V. He told Tina to get in front
of the camera and get on all fours facing the lens and cup
her tits as she at up on her heels with her thighs
widespread showing her shaven open cunt lips to the camera.
Telling her to pinch and stretch her nipples while he
snapped some shots she did so and her nipples rapidly
hardened and she started to breathe harder as they grew
erect.He had her stand up and turn her back to the camera
while she grabbed her ankles with her legs wide spread. He
told her to reach back and open her cunt lips so he could
take a picture of her inner pinkness. As she slowly did so
he walked over to her and putting his hands on her ass, as
the camera's self timer clicked off several shots, quickly
spread her cheeks to show her asshole to the lens. She
jerked but he held her in position and finally smacked her
on her ass as she stood erect and faced him. He quickly
slapped her face and twisted her arms behind her back before
she could hit him in her anger and held her like that for a
few minutes.


When she calmed down he released her and told her the
session was finished and she could pick up the portfolio in
a few days. She quickly dressed and left the studio and went
home.

In a few days she returned to the studio and was shown into
the photographer's office. He was sitting at the desk
looking thru some photos of her and another man was with him
also looking at the photos. She blushed and sat down in the
chair. The photographer told her the man was an agent and
film producer who had seen her photos and wanted to meet her
to see if she qualified for a job he had in mind. The other
man introduced himself and said before he could offer her a
job he had to see her in person for himself. He asked if she
wouldn't mind doing some videos in the studio so he could
judge her screen quality. She said she didn't mind and they
went into the studio. She went behind the screen and saw
that there was a harem girl type outfit hanging on a hook
and started to unzip her skirt. She let it fall at her feet
and stepped out of her shoes. Sliding the half-slip over her
hips with her panties she let them fall at her feet and
reached behind her back for the catch of the bra. Bending
she let it fall away from her full lush heavy tits and
reached for the costume. The velvet bolero style top closed
with only one button and her full tits strained against it
and threatened to come out and left her stomach bare. The
pants barely covered her to the top of her blonde V and her
legs could be clearly seen thru the sheer material and her
jutting ass with the sweet cleft could easily be seen.
Stepping out from behind the screen she walked over to where
the producer and photographer were setting up the video
camera.  Telling her it was going to be for the middle east
market he put some music on and told her to dance. She put
her arms over her head and moved her hips and legs in time
to the music and as she danced she got more and more excited
and the sweat started to build on her body making the sheer
material even more see-thru. Once while bending the bolero
top popped open and her lush tits with their hardening
nipples were fully exposed. She started to close it but he
stopped her telling her to take the top off instead.

She hesitated a moment and then let it slide off over her
shoulders and continued to dance. Near the end of her dance
he told her to take the bottom off and she slid them down
over her long legs and stepped free of them. She was now
completely naked and exposed to their gaze with her lush
tits and smooth stomach and her blonde cunt hair and she was
breathing heavily and flushed with excitement and her
nipples were very hard. He told her to lie on her back and
spread her legs and as she did so he walked over to her and
told her to spread her pussy lips. She wet one finger in her
mouth and slid it down over her flat stomach and inserted it
into her wide open cunt slowly moving it in and out while
smiling for the camera. While she did that he ran his hand
up over her flat stomach to cup her luscious tit and bent
his head to suck on her nipple and she moaned in pleasure
while his other hand gently played with her shaven cunt lips
and a finger pushed inside. Telling her to turn over and
kneel up she did so and jerked as he forced her thighs wider
apart and pulled her cunt wide open before thrusting two
fingers inside her while she moaned and ground her hips
backwards against his hand. Dropping his pants he positioned
himself behind her and reaching underneath her to grab her
dangling tits with one thrust buried his cock deep in her
pussy while she moaned as it forced its way past her ring
and tissues. Starting an in and out movement while she
ground her hips against him he reached underneath and
pinched her nipples making her squeal in pleasure and then
he pinched her clit making her jerk and start to cum again
and again as he spurted deep inside her. He pulled out and
wiped himself off on her smooth soft ass as she slumped
foward on her stomach in exhaustion. She felt someone take
her wrists and ankles and snap steel cuffs tightly around
each as a knee was painfully put in the small of her back as
she struggled as her neck was lifted and a high leather
collar was buckled tightly around it.






Someone reached underneath her to pinch her nipples
painfully and as she tried to cry out a huge leather ball
gag was forced in over her teeth to buckle behind her head
while a blindfold was put over her eyes and her arms were
forced behind her to join the steel cuffs tightly together
with one link making her thrust her tits out more. Her ass
cheeks were pulled apart and a huge wooden dowel was forced
in her as she jerked and moaned over her gag and a large
ribbed dildo was forced in her dripping cunt and then a
strap was passed thru her legs and was tightly buckled over
her hips holding them both tightly in. A chain was attached
to her collar and her ankle cuffs were linked together and
pulled towards her neck before being snapped to the other
end of the short chain making her arch her back effectively
hog-tying her. She felt the prick of a needle on her left
hip and passed out.

When she woke up a few days later she was in a room with a
small cot and basin and toilet in the corner and was wearing
a small short jiba. Her full lush tits pushed the jiba
outwards and her cunt hair peeked out from under the bottom
and it barely covered the top of her soft ass; other than
the jiba she was barefoot and naked underneath it. She tried
the door but it was locked and a little window near its top
was closed and barred and the only illumination came from a
bare light bulb high in the ceiling. Shortly a man opened
the door and came into the room and locked it behind him. He
walked over to her and told her to take off her jiba. When
she hesitated he slapped her face and grabbed her arms
holding them over her head and tore it off of her exposing
her nakedness to his gaze and she still wore the tight steel
manacles around her wrists and ankles. He let her go and
looked her over from her full lush tits with their erect
nipples to her long legs and smooth stomach and blonde cunt
hair with her jutting smooth ass. He took a wicked looking
crop from his belt and told her to put her hands behind her
and clasp them at the back of her neck. When she didn't obey
he used the crop on her hip and legs and when she moved her
hands on her tits several times until she took the position.

She put her hands at the back of her neck and this had the
effect of thrusting her tits out and her smooth flat stomach
with her blonde cunt hair were fully exposed to his eyes.
Going over to her he forced her thighs wide apart and felt
her pussy lips. She jerked as two of his fingers inserted
themselves in her cunt and slowly moved in and out. Stopping
and lifting one of her luscious tits he weighed it and then
suddenly pinched her nipple making her jerk in pain. He told
her to kneel on the bed and when she did he pushed her head
and back down until her forehead touched the pillow and her
smooth soft white ass was thrust high in the air. Forcing
her thighs wider apart he kneaded and stroked her soft
cheeks and then she screamed as the crop struck her across
her ass leaving a bright red mark. Not stopping, he gave her
15 strokes as she moaned and cried on the cot. Turning her
over on her back he roughly forced her knees apart and
forced his cock in her pussy. She jerked and moaned as it
pushed it way past her cunt lips and cried in pain as he
bent his head to suck and bite her erect nipples. Reaching
underneath her to grab her sore ass cheeks he gripped them
painfully hard as he moved in and out and she jerked in pain
as his thumb forced its way into her asshole. Finally
cumming he pulled out and left her there moaning and sobbing
on the cot as he left and locked the door.

What she did not realize was that there was in the ceiling a
video camera taping all of her reactions and abuse. The tape
later would be shown to her to help further break her
spirit. Later that day a woman entered her cell and locked
the door. She gave Tina another short jiba to pull over her
head and told Tina to follow her and if she didn't obey she
would use the crop on her. Stepping out into the corridor
she told Tina to clasp her hands behind her neck and keep
them there until told otherwise and follow her. The tile of
the corridor felt cool and strange to Tina's bare feet and
the jiba rode up over her ass exposing her soft smooth
cheeks and her blonde cunt hair but she didn't drop her arms
as she followed the woman down the corridor.

The woman led her into another room where there were several
other girls all wearing short jibas like herself who were
chained together by their ankle cuffs to a ring in the wall.
She bent and locked Tina's ankle cuff to the chain
connecting her to the other girls and left the room locking
the door. Shortly the door opened and two men came into the
room and told the girls to remove their jiba's. When several
didn't they grabbed the girl by the arms and ripped the jiba
off. One very pretty redhead had her arms held over her head
and the other pulled the jiba off her exposing her lush tits
and cunt hair to their gaze. They lifted and squeezed her
tits and felt between her ass cheeks and legs. Each girl was
made to stand still while they examined them thoroughly,
feeling in between legs, pinching nipples and squeezing
tits. Tina hesitated and one of the guards grabbed her arms
holding them over head while the other lifted her jiba over
them and exposed her lush tits and smooth stomach and shaven
cunt to their eyes. Squeezing her heavy luscious tits and
pinching her nipples her soft ass cheeks were pulled apart
and a finger pushed in her asshole as she jerked and her
blonde cunt hair was pulled and two fingers shoved roughly
inside her cunt making her squirm and moan in pain as the
other guard sucked on her luscious heavy tit and bit her
nipple making her cry in pain. Finally they were all naked
and the guards unlocked the chain and made them move out
into the corridor. There were about 8 other girls besides
Tina all cuffed together. When they didn't move fast enough
the guards used crops on their asses smiling as the girl
jerked in pain as they moved down the corridor. Going thru a
curtain at the far end each was made to mount the block
while the auctioneer described them to the crowd of buyers.
When Tina was forced to mount the steps to the block a guard
had to use his crop across her ass to make her move up the
steps. When she reached the top the auctioneer made her
kneel down and clasp her hands behind her neck and spread
her legs so the crowd could see her tits and pussy better.




Making her get up he lifted and squeezed her lush tits
showing them with their erect nipples to the crowd as she
squirmed while he slid his hand over her smooth flat stomach
and pulled on her blonde cunt hair as she flushed red in his
grip. Turning her roughly around he stroked her smooth ass
and told her to bend over. He forced her thighs wide apart
and pulled her ass cheeks open exposing her asshole to the
crowd and reached down and pulled her cunt lips wide for the
crowd to see her inner pinkness before having her turn
around and kneel down facing the crowd and cupping her tits
offering them to the crowd.  He then invited the crowd to
examine her closer. A few men stepped up on the block and
started to look her over more closely. Her tits were lifted
and weighed and her nipples pinched and sucked on as her
blonde cunt hair was painfully pulled making her cry in pain
and some fingers were stuck in her cunt as she was forced to
bend over as her soft smooth jutting ass was kneaded and
stroked and then her cheeks were yanked wide apart showing
the crinkled rosebud of her asshole. The auctioneer then
invited them to use her in whatever way they wished. A man
dropped his pants and forcing her to her knees made her open
her mouth while her arms were held behind her and her tits
squeezed and her large nipples pinched and suck his cock
while he grabbed her blonde head and moved it up and down
his huge shaft as it filled her mouth with her cheeks
bulging and her lips gripping his hard cock. He finally came
and held her head down with his cock deep in her throat as
he forced her swallow every drop. Another man made her bend
over and forced her legs wide apart pulling her cunt wide
open and forced his cock past her tight pussy lips as she
moaned and grunted as it buried itself deep in her pussy and
it forced its way past her ring and inner tissues. Reaching
underneath her he grabbed her dangling tits to squeeze them
and pinch her nipples while she jerked and cried out he
moved in and out finally cumming and he pulled out wiping
his cock on her ass and then turned to the auctioneer and
offered a sum that no other buyer could match and she was
sold to her new Master. Her new Master snapped a tight
collar around her neck as he bound her hands behind her with
thin cord.

Attaching a leash to her collar he dragged her moaning
completely naked off the block. He stopped for various men
and displayed his new purchase. Tina was made to bend over
with her legs wide apart as fingers were inserted in her
pussy and her legs and calves were examined and felt and her
large luscious heavy tits were weighed and squeezed. Her
blonde cunt hair was pulled and her smooth ass was stroked
and kneaded as she jerked in pain and blushed bright red.
One man made Tina kneel in front of him and open her mouth
and he forced his cock in over her lips and down her throat
and made her swallow every drop as he came. Coming to a
waiting truck her new Master reached between her legs and
roughly inserted two fingers in her pussy as she jerked and
squealed and threw her into the back of the truck crying and
sobbing. One of the guards took her left ankle and attached
a chain to it running down the center of the truck with the
other girls. They were all lying on some soft thin mattress
like material as the truck moved and bounced along. Shortly
the truck came to a stop and Tina was grabbed by her arms
and lifted to her feet and the guard inserted two fingers in
her pussy and grabbing her soft smooth ass handed her down
to the other guard on the ground to stand beside the other
naked girls. Untying their hands from behind their backs
they used a short whip on their jutting asses to make them
move into a low stone type building that was in the center
of a large compound and nearby was a barn-like structure
whose purpose was obvious due to the paddock next to it and
the various human pony girls and studs running free within.
Once inside they were made to stand straight up and with
their hands at their sides. The end of their ankle chain was
locked to a ring in the floor as they stood in front of a
desk. The guards turned and left them as a woman came in and
sat down at the desk. She asked each girl her name and made
a note in a ledger when each girl answered. Then unlocking
Tina's ankle from the chain she led her into another room.
She made Tina get up on a steel table in the center of the
room and kneel down.

End of Part 16




Part 17


Stroking Tina's long blonde hair and quivering tits and her
smooth flat stomach she told Tina to clasp her hands at the
back of her neck which Tina tremblingly did as the woman
gently cupped each of Tina's lush heavy tits and gently
pulled on her nipples. Telling Tina to put her forehead to
the tabletop she forced Tina's thighs wide apart exposing
her blonde cunt hair and spreading pussy. When Tina's
forehead was on the tabletop she went behind her and stroked
Tina's upthrust soft smooth ass before suddenly pulling them
wide apart exposing her asshole. Tina jerked as the woman
then roughly pulled her cunt lips wide open and shoved a
finger inside testing her tightness and wetness. The door
opened and a man came in. Tina blushed bright red from her
neck to her V but the woman told her to kneel erect with her
hands clasped at her neck unless she wanted to taste the
whip. Tina trembling assumed the position and she turned red
again as the woman forced her thighs wide apart showing her
blonde cunt hair and spread open pussy lips to his gaze. He
came over to her and cupped her luscious heavy tits and
suddenly pinched her nipples making Tina jerk in pain as he
ran his hand down her smooth stomach to painfully pull her
blonde cunt hair before pushing as Tina grunted and moaned
two fingers inside her. He told the woman they had good
merchandise this time and Tina would probably make a good
pony girl after her training. He bent his head to suck on
her nipple while painfully squeezing her tit and his other
hand kneaded and stroked her soft behind before reaching in
between her legs to play with her cunt lips and pull them
wide and Tina jerked and stiffened in pain as he roughly
pushed two fingers inside her tight cunt and wiggled
them in and about. Tina started to gasp and moan and then
cried out as he bit her nipple cruelly hard. He suggested
that Tina might also be a good milk producer as well.
Slapping Tina on her ass he had her get down from the table
and follow him out the door into the stables warning her to
obey unless she wanted to feel the whip between her legs and
to keep her hands clasped behind her neck and not to speak.
She followed him into the stables and down an aisle to an
empty stall.


Pushing her inside he locked her ankle cuff to a chain in
the wall and locked the gate. There was some soft straw on
the floor and a bucket and some bridle and other tack
hanging on the wall. Forcing Tina to her knees he made her
turn around and put her head to the straw and as she did he
forced her thighs wide apart and dropped his pants and
grabbing her hips pushed his cock past her cunt lips and
inner tissues as she moaned and gasped and reached
underneath to grab her hanging tits and squeeze them
painfully hard and pinch her nipples as he began and in an
out movement. Spreading her ass cheeks with his other hand
he shoved a finger in her asshole making her jerk painfully
and then sliding his hand down her smooth flat stomach
pinched her clit making her cry out as he spurted again and
again deep inside her. Pulling out he made her kneel in
front of him and forced her to open her mouth and use her
tongue to clean him off while he fingered and squeezed her
tits and played with her nipples. Slapping her on her ass he
turned and left locking the gate securely behind him.

The next morning a guard opened her stall and came inside.
He used a whip on her ass and made her kneel in front of him
with her thighs spread wide apart exposing her blonde cunt
hair and pussy to him. Grabbing her by her arms he forced
her to her feet and strapped a harness around her chest
forcing her wrists behind her back he snapped them into
cuffs with her wrists to opposite elbows. This had the
effect of making her thrust her full luscious tits with
their hardening nipples out and upthrust her smooth jutting
ass. Making her open her mouth he forced over her teeth a
steel bit that he buckled tightly behind her head and under
her chin cinching the strap cruelly tight. Strapping a girth
belt around her waist he pulled on it making her breathe in
before locking it tightly with a small lock.







Then he attached Tina's reins from her head bridle to a ring
in the wall making her stand on tiptoe and taking a brush
applied foam to her blonde cunt hair and warning her not to
move shaved her V very close since her cunt hair had started
to regrow until she was completely bare and her pouting cunt
lips could be clearly seen.  Feeling between her legs and
inserting a finger in her cunt he remarked that she was
getting excited but that the best was yet to come. Lifting
her tit he squeezed it painfully hard stretching her nipple
before attaching a small alligator clamp smiling as she
yelped in pain and its jaws bit her nipple. He did the same
to Tina's other tit and attached the clamps with a small
length of chain that hung down between them. Turning her
around as she started to tremble in her tight bondage with
her full lush tits quivering he stroked her soft ass cheeks
as he led her out into the corral to begin her first lesson
as
a pony girl.

Leading her into the corral he led her to the railing and
hitched her leash to it. Taking a saddle hanging over the
railing he strapped it on her cinching the straps around her
hips and over and below her tits and ran a strap between her
legs and thru the cheeks of her ass pulling on it cruelly
tight making her jerk erect as it dug into her cunt lips and
attached it to the girth belt. Then taking a riding whip and
grabbing her leash he told her to present her ass for the
stroke of the whip when she was ready to be off. With a
CRACK! of the whip on her behind he made her move around the
corral using his whip on her ass cheeks to keep her high
stepping and with her knees wide apart. Her shaven V clearly
showed and she blushed bright red when her spread nether
lips were exposed with each step she took and the bit was
digging into the corners of her mouth and her nipples were
hurting from the alligator clamps and her ass and tits were
streaked and red from the lash when he finally reined her to
a halt as she gasped and breathed heavily and her body
covered in sweat and she was scarlet from her neck to her
stomach.



She was very wet between her legs and in spite of herself
excited and when he felt between her legs and his hand came
away wet he told her she would be punished for that later.

Removing her saddle he backed her between the shafts of a
light carriage and snapped the rings on her girth belt to
hooks on the shafts holding her tightly in place. Attaching
a bearing rein to the top of her bridle he pulled on it
forcing Tina's head back making her arch her back thrusting
out her luscious quivering tits and ass as he adjusted it
until her posture was correct. He stroked her soft thighs
and trembling ass cheeks and ran his hand up over her flat
stomach as he cupped her tits and pulled on her nipples.
Pinching and twisting her nipples while she moaned over her
bit he told her not to forget how to present her ass.
Slapping her harshly on her ass cheeks he stepped into the
carriage and picked up the whip. Tina felt him pick up the
reins including the underneath rein that went between her
legs and hold them. She waited a few moments and then
realized he was waiting for her to present her soft behind
for the whip. She hesitated a few moments and then followed
her training and arched her back thrusting up her ass for
the stroke of the whip. With a SNAP! of the whip that he
placed perfectly at the point where her ass cheeks met the
top of her legs they were off. As they moved along he used
the whip first on her right and then on left ass cheeks to
make her high step as she jerked when it struck her cheeks
and pulled steadily on the underneath rein making Tina move
her knees wider and wider apart clearly showing her open
nether lips and her full luscious tits bounced and swayed as
she moved along.
Tina at first found th carriage hard to pull but as she
moved along it got easier. The whip cracked on her behind as
she moved along stinging her as he pulled on the reins
turning her left and right. Guiding her out of the corral
and onto a pathway as her tits bounced and jiggled and swung
free made her move along faster with each stroke of the whip
on her behind. Turning a bend he reined her in and tethered
her to a hitching post nearby so she could barely move.

Going in front of her he reached out and grabbed her
luscious left tit and squeezed it painfully hard while she
squirmed in her tight harness until a squirt of milk came
out. Bending his head he sucked strongly on her nipple as
Tina felt herself grow hot between her legs. Stroking her
smooth stomach and shaven V and her long blonde hair as he
patted her soft thighs and ass cheeks he felt between her
legs and smiled as he told her that when they got back she
would be punished with a caning for cumming without
permission and she started to tremble making her full tits
with their erect nipples quiver in her tight bondage.
Harnessed as she was with her arms behind her back and the
bit in her mouth with her full heavy tits swinging free she
could do nothing but grind her teeth on her bit. Stepping
back into the carriage he waited until she arched her back
presenting her behind for the stroke of the whip and drove
her back to the stables. Unhitching her from the cart he led
her inside and to a low wood platform. Removing her harness
but leaving her arms bound behind her and unbuckling her
girth belt he made her get up on the rough wooden platform
and lie down on her stomach. Snapping her ankle cuffs to a
spreader bar so her legs were forced painfully wide apart
and making her thrust her smooth ass in the air he began to
cane her. Her body jerked and she cried with each stroke as
it left red marks and some formed into welts and she was
weeping and sobbing over her bit when he finally stopped
after giving her 10 strokes. Releasing her ankles from the
spreader bar and yanking on her reins he pulled her
stumbling down the aisle to her stall. Opening it he slapped
her red sore ass making her moan. Removing her head bridle
and bit but leaving her arms bound behind her he forced her
to her knees and made her thrust her ass high in the air as
he forced her thighs as wide apart as they could go before
dropping his pants and grabbing her sore ass shoving his
cock in her spread shaven pussy as she moaned and sobbed he
reached underneath to grab her dangling tits and pinch her
nipples making her cry out as he brutally fucked her.



She jerked as his thumb forced its way in her asshole and he
stretched her nipples as she began to gasp and moan and as
he came he pinched her clit before slapping her on her ass
pulling out wiping his cock on her ass. Making her stand up
by grabbing her arms and yanking her to her feet he tied her
reins to an overhead ring making her stand on tiptoe and
locked the gate leaving her there hanging on the wall
moaning and sobbing with her dripping cunt lips open for all
to see.


                          CHAPTER 8
                              

Karen was a very lovely natural redhead who stood about 5'4"
and measured about 35-21-34 and weighed about 115 lbs. who
answered an ad for party entertainers. She was working as a
dancer and had gotten laid off when the show closed
unexpectedly. Telephoning various agencies and with no leads
in sight she decided to give one of the local weekly papers
a try. She saw an ad that read "Do you enjoy parties ?
Making lots of money ? If you're a pretty girl call XXX-
XXXX" telephoning the number in the ad a woman answered who
gave Karen an address to go to for an interview. Karen
hailed a taxi and went to the address where she was shown
into an office to be interviewed by the woman who had
answered the phone who introduced herself as Monique.
Monique asked Karen a number of questions including her
measurements and whether she was a natural redhead. Karen
answered she was a natural redhead and that she enjoyed
parties. Monique asked her if she had ever entertained at
parties where there were only men present and Monique said
she hadn't but wouldn't mind trying it out. Monique then
asked Karen if she wouldn't mind stepping behind the screen
and disrobing so she could see Karen better for herself.
Karen stepped behind the screen and unbutton her blouse and
pulled it off her shoulders as she stepped out of her shoes.




Unzipping her skirt and unfastening her garter belt she
rolled her stockings down her long shapely legs and put them
with the other clothes on a small table nearby. Sliding her
panties down her hips she reached for the short robe hanging
on a hook nearby only to discover it was very short and
barely covered her jutting ass and her large tits with their
erect poked thru its sheer material and it was lacking a
belt to hold it closed. Putting it on and holding it closed
with one hand she stepped out from behind the screen and
walked back to Monique who was standing near a small wooden
platform waiting for her. The tile of the floor felt very
cool to her bare feet and the cool air in the room started
to harden her nipples as they poked thru the sheer material
of the robe. Telling Karen to step on the platform Monique
helped her up and then told her to take off the robe and
clasp her hands at the back of her neck and stand with her
legs apart. Karen dropped the robe and clasped her hands
behind her neck and spread her legs wide showing her large
luscious tits with their erect nipples and red cunt hair to
Monique's gaze and she blushed slightly as Monique told her
to turn around. She jerked as she felt Monique's hands
stroke her smooth jutting ass cheeks and stroke her soft
inner thighs and long red hair. Telling her to turn around
and keep her hands where they were Monique ran her hands up
over Karen's smooth flat stomach and cupped her large
luscious tits gently pulling on Karen's nipples as she
pulled her red cunt hair making Karen jerk. She suddenly
bent her head and pulling on Karen's left nipple sucked on
it strongly. Karen almost jerked in her surprise but the
woman quickly stopped. Telling her she was just fine and
that she had an immediate assignment for her she told Karen
to put her clothes back on. Karen dressed quickly and
Monique gave her a card with an address to go to at 8PM that
night and told her not to be late.







Karen went home and dressed in her best party clothes and
decided not to wear a slip. Going to the address the door
was answered by a man who showed her in. Leading her to a
room where there were several men and women sitting around
drinking and listening to some music and dancing. He told
Karen she was the main attraction and wouldn't she like to
have a drink first. Karen said yes and she sat down and
tried to relax.

One of the men shortly told her that since she was the main
attraction she should dance for them. He got up and put on
some strip-tease music and told her to dance for them. Some
of the other girls were sitting on the laps of the men and
were in various stages of undress. One girl sitting on a
mans lap had her top pulled down exposing her tits and the
man was sucking and licking her large erect nipples. Karen
got up and kicked off her shoes and started to bump and
grind her hips in time with music while slowly unzipping her
dress. Stepping out of it as she wriggled it down over her
hips she held her arms over her head and stood before them
in only her bra and panties. Starting a slow movement with
her hips and arms she eased the straps of the bra over her
shoulders and bending over with her back to them unsnapped
its catch throwing the bra away from her full lush tits and
then quickly turned and held her arms out exposing her large
luscious tits with their hard nipples to their stare.
Sliding her panties down over hips slowly exposing her ass
to them and the deep cleft between she then finished
standing with her legs wide apart and her arms over her head
to their enthusiastic clapping. Putting her panties back on
as she reached for her bra she was stopped by a man who
grabbed her arm and pulled her into his lap. She squirmed
and moaned and started to get very excited as he sucked and
fondled her large luscious tits and moaned and gasped when
he pulled her panties away from her pussy and stuck a finger
inside her and moved it slowly in and out. Whispering in her
ear she should go to the bathroom and put on the costume
she'd find there he slapped her on her smooth ass as he made
her stand up.


Karen went into the bathroom and closed the door. She took a
shower and dried herself off. Seeing a rubber costume lying
on the small table nearby she picked it up and felt the
material. It was very thin and had several cutouts in it.
She sat down and started to slip it over her long shapely
legs. It hugged her calves very tightly and outlined them
clearly.

Standing up she started to pull it over her hips stopping
only to shake some talcum powder on herself to make it slide
more easily.

Her jutting ass clearly poked thru the cutout and left her
smooth ass completely bare as well as her pussy in front.
Slipping her arms into its sleeves and tugging on it she
pulled it up over her large jutting tits as they poked thru
the cutouts provided and zipped it closed up around her
neck. The costume clearly outlined every curve of her
luscious body and her smooth ass and pussy and tits poked
erotically thru the cutouts. One of the men knocked on the
door and came in and told her to put on the steel cuffs
lying on the table and then come right out. She did so
snapping them tightly closed around her wrists and ankles
wondering what the small rings on their sides were for and
opened the door and stepped out into the room. One of the
men opened a drawer in a chest nearby and took out some
leather items including a full saddle and walked over to
Karen. Telling her to get on all fours which she tremblingly
did she groaned as the saddle's weight settled on her back
making her push her ass higher and he then buckled and
cinched it tightly around her slim waist. He told Karen to
open her mouth and when she didn't one of the other men used
a crop he carried across her ass making her yelp in pain. As
Karen opened her mouth he forced in over her teeth a steel
bit and attached a bridle around her head with chin straps
and straps around her forehead and running alongside her
cheeks and pulled and buckled them tightly making her bite
down on the steel bit in her mouth. Bending he attached
short chains between her wrist cuffs and ankle cuffs
insuring she couldn't easily stand and stepped back to
inspect his work.

Karen was tightly bound in her rubber suit showing her ass
and pussy with her large luscious tits dangling with a
saddle strapped across her back and a bit in her mouth.
Karen started to tremble making her full luscious heavy tits
swing and shake and one of the men gently stroked her smooth
jutting ass and stroked her long red hair trying to calm her
down. She jerked suddenly when he inserted two fingers in
her tight pussy shoving them in roughly.

End of Part 17




Part 18


Another man squeezed her dangling tits and Karen jerked in
pain again as he cruelly pinched her nipples and then jerked
almost upright when the crop struck her across her soft
smooth ass. She felt her ass cheeks roughly pulled apart
exposing her asshole and then jerked foward and cried out in
pain as a huge tail was inserted past her spinchter with a
retaining ring so she couldn't force it out. As she moaned
and cried over her bit she jerked and yelped as the crop
struck her several times cruelly across her ass as the man
told her to settle down and be quiet or he would have to
punish her severly. Attaching some reins to her bridle he
used the crop to make her crawl around the room faster and
faster using the crop across her ass when she stopped or
faltered. Finally stopping as she cried and moaned with her
ass streaked with red and slavering over her bit he pulled
on her reins forcing her painfully on her knees with her
back arched from the weight of the saddle clearly showing
her large tits with their hard erect nipples and wet cunt
lips. Smacking her on her ass with  the crop as she jerked
anew in pain as he released her wrist and ankles he told her
to go back into the bathroom and remove the rubber suit and
saddle and bridle and bit but leave the steel cuffs on.
Karen quickly went into the bathroom and removed the rubber
suit and saddle moaning as she pulled it down over her sore
ass. One of the men opened the door and came in just as she
finished and grabbed her arms forced them behind her
clipping her wrists together with a click making her thrust
her full lusicous tits out. He attached a short chain
between her ankles and then slapping her on her ass dragged
her sobbing and moaning back into the other room.

Lifting her into his lap he sucked and squeezed her large
tits as she moaned and squirmed. Forcing his hands between
her soft thighs he forced her to spead her knees as he put
two fingers in her tight cunt and moved them in and out as
she started to maon and gasp. Pulling on her cunt hair as he
stroked her smooth flat stomach he made Karen jerk and cry
as he sucked on her luscious tits. Turning her over his knee
he kneaded her soft smooth ass as he held her down with a
hand in the small of her back while she kicked and squirmed
before pulling them apart to expose her asshole and pouting
cunt lips. He continued to knead and stoke her soft behind
and his other hand grabbed and squeezed her dangling tits
and pinched her nipples making her cry and moan in pain as
she squiremed on his lap. Karen was completely naked and
exposed as she lay across his lap with her soft white ass
upthrust in the air and as she kicked her legs about she
showed her cunt lips and her heavy tits swayed and bounced
with her movements.

Getting up he forced her to bend over and grab her ankles
and he took a small crop and struck her across her behind
until she took up the position then spreading her knees
roughly apart he shoved his cock in her tight pussy as she
moaned and cried as it spread her pussy wide forcing its way
past her tender inner tissues. Beginning a slow in and out
movement he reached in front and grabbed her luscious tits
squeezing them and pinching her nipples as she gasped and
moaned becoming more and more excited. He suddenly pinched
her clit making her jerk as he came flooding her deep inside
and pulled out leaving her sobbing there moaning and crying
with her legs splayed wide apart showing her dripping cunt
for all to see. Unclipping her hands from behind her back
and warning her not to try to cover herself he made her
stand in front of them. Telling her to clasp her hands at
the back of her neck and spread her legs wide Karen
tremblingly did so. She jerked as his hands forced her
thighs wider apart clearly showing her dripping wet open
cunt and red hair. Hands ran over her flat stomach and
pulled on her cunt hair and squeezed her large luscious tits
and shoved inside her cunt.

Turning her around her ass was patted and stroked and then
she felt her cheeks being pulled apart as she was made to
lean foward so her heavy tits dangled and then Karen jerked
in pain when three fingers were roughly shoved inside her
asshole and some hands grabbed her hanging tits and pinched
her nipples cruelly hard making her cry. Turning her to face
them, Karen stood still with her hands at her side with the
steel cuffs on her wrists and ankles as they told her she
was going to made into a real pony girl. She started to
shake and her full tits started to quiver when she heard
this and tried to run but one of the men grabbed her and
slapped face hard and forced her to the carpet and twisted
her arms behind her clipping her wrists together and
attached a short chain between her ankles so she couldn't
run and had to take short mincing steps. Pulling her to her
feet they opened another door and after snapping a steel
collar tightly around her neck hooked a leash from it to a
hook in the ceiling of the small closet and unhooked the
chain from her ankle cuffs only to force her thighs wide
apart and clip the cuffs to other hooks in the floor
spreadeagling her.

Pinching her nipples and squeezing her tits very hard she
was forced to open her mouth as a huge ball gag was shoved
in over her teeth to be buckled tightly behind her head as
her cheeks bulged and she grunted when the chin strap was
cruelly tightened. The door was then closed and locked
leaving her hanging there moaning and sobbing over her gag
in darkness. She fell fitfully asleep for a few hours.

When Karen woke up it was morning and the door was unlocked
and she was let out into the room. Dragging her by her leash
completely naked down a corridor she was led to a room where
she made to stand in front of a desk where a woman was
writing notes on a small pad. Her guard released her ball
gag and Karen flexed her jaws as it popped out. He also
released her ankle cuffs and wrists from behind her back and
unlocked the cuffs removing them from her leaving her there
standing completely naked in front of the woman.


She blushed red as her full luscious tits with their erect
nipples and her red cunt hair and smooth flat stomach and
jutting white ass were fully exposed to their gaze. The
guard warned her to stand still and keep her hands at her
sides unless she wanted a taste of the crop and Karen
shakingly stood with her hands at her side.  The guard left
and the woman got up holding a small crop and she told Karen
to get up on the steel table in the center of the room.
Karen did so and the woman told her to kneel down, sit on
her heels and spread her legs. The woman gently stroked
Karen's smooth flat stomach as she sat on her heels and
suddenly forced her thighs wide apart exposing Karen's pussy
with its red hair to her gaze and then cupped Karen's
luscious tits and pulled hard on her nipples as she stroked
Karen's long red hair. Telling Karen to put her head down to
the table Karen trembling did so and jerked as the woman's
hands forced her thighs wide apart from the inside and
pulled her cunt lips wide open before inserting two fingers.
Stroking her soft smooth ass cheeks she tried to calm Karen
down and then pulled her cheeks wide exposing her asshole.

Karen knelt erect and clasped her hands at the back of her
neck when the woman told her to do so and she started to
tremble when her thighs were forced wide apart again.
Stroking her quivering tits the woman soothed her as a man
came into the room and walked over to them. Running his
hands over her stomach and her soft inner thighs and pulling
on her red cunt hair before cupping her heavy luscious tits
and painfully squeezing her nipples he bent his head and
squeezing hard on her tit sucked on her nipple biting it.
Smiling as she squealed in pain he then shoved a finger in
her spread open cunt and moved it slowly in and out while
kneading her soft behind and remarked to the woamn that they
had a real prize this time. Snapping a steel collar tightly
around Karen's neck he dragged her off the table and down
the corridor and coming to an empty cell dragged her inside.
She noticed that there were several other cells all with
naked girls tightly chained as she was in the corridor.


Snapping a chain to her collar from a ring in the wall he
told her she would be sold later that evening at an auction
to the highest bidder. Later that evening a guard came by
her cell and threw Karen a bra and panties and told her to
put them on and be quick about it. Karen started to put the
bra on and it was a size too small and her full luscious
heavy tits strained against the sheer material as her erect
nipples poked outward near the clasp in the front. Sliding
the panties over her legs and hips she also found they were
several sizes too small and they rode up inbetween the
cheeks of her soft ass clearly exposing her cheeks and her
red cunt hair clearly showed in front. Unlocking her chain
from the wall and removing her collar he grabbed her ankle
and snapped a steel cuff tightly around it. Grabbing her arm
he dragged her down the corridor to another room behind
stage where there were several other girls all chained
together by their ankles. Snapping her ankle cuff to the
chain holding the other girls he slapped her on her ass and
smiled as she jerked in pain. Karen could hear voices from
behind the curtain mostly in English and shortly a guard
came and started to unlock each girl from the chain and drag
her struggling her to the block.

Karen's ankle was unlocked from the chain and she was
dragged struggling onto the block. Holding her arms while
the auctioneer described her charms he made her display her
straining tits and red pussy to the crowd.

The auctioneer reached for the catch holding her bra in
front and removed it showing her large luscious tits and
nipples to the crowd. Cupping each of her tits and squeezing
it and pulling on her nipples while describing their weight
and softness to the crowd the auctioneer ran his hand over
her smooth stomach and then pulled her panties off exposing
her red cunt hair to the crowd. Running his hands over her
stomach and cupping and pinching her tits while pulling on
her blonde cunt hair he forced Karen to keep her thighs wide
apart as he showed his wet fingers to the excited crowd as
evidence of her excitability.


Motioning to another guard he had him grab Karen's ankles
and pull them wide apart while he slowly pulled her pussy
lips apart and inserted two fingers inside her wet moist
tight cunt. Turning her around he stroked her smooth ass and
had the guard bend her over and pull her thighs wide again
as he spread her cheeks exposing her asshole to the buyers.
Roughly grabbing her cunt lips and pulling them wide open he
showed the crowd her inner pinkness while she moaned and
squirmed in the guards grip while his fingers pulling her
cunt wide open showed her wetness as she started to cry and
turn red. Pulling her upright facing the crowd he then
stroked her smooth flat stomach pulling painfully on her red
cunt hair while the guard cupped and squeezed her large
heavy luscious tits displaying them to the crowd as Karen
moaned and the bids started. She was finally sold to a man
who strode up on stage and snapped steel cuffs around her
wrists and ankles and twisting her arms behind her back and
clipping them together along with a chain connnecting her
ankles dragged her struggling off stage. Harshly slapping
her ass to make her move along he dragged her into another
room and slapping her across her thighs with a crop had a
guard hold her while he examined his new property. Karen's
heavy tits were lifted and squeezed and he bent his head to
suck on her nipples while pulling on her red cunt hair and
kneading her ass he stuck three fingers inside her while she
jerked and moaned in pain.

Shoving three fingers inside her cunt he remarked how wet
and tight she was and stroked and grabbed here ass cheeks as
she turned red and squirmed in his grip.
He showed her a small crop he carried and told her to obey
immediately unless she wanted to be punished and kneel in
front of him with her legs wide apart. He then made her
stand up and turn away from him showing him her soft white
behind and bend over as he grabbed her knees and forced her
thighs wide apart making her moan in pain. As Karen's heavy
tits dangled he spread her pussy lips forcing his cock into
her while she jerked in pain. Reaching in front he grabbed
her heavy tits pulling on her nipples as she cried in pain
brutally fucking her.

Squeezing and hanging on to her large luscious tits he began
a hard in and out movement as Karen moaned and gasped.
Cumming he brutally pinched her clit and slapped her on her
ass making her fall foward he wiped his cock off on her ass
and grabbed her by her bound arms and pulled her to her feet
and forced her completely naked crying and struggling into a
cage which was lifted into the back of a waiting truck along
with about 8 other naked bound girls. The truck started to
move along and shortly pulled up outside a large ranch like
structure with a barn and paddock next to it. Karen saw as
she was lifted out of the truck and dragged there were naked
pony girls and studs running in the field next to the barn.

Leading her into an empty stall he closed and locked the
gate and removed her leash and collar along with her
manacles leaving her completely naked and exposed to his
gaze. Taking a cane hanging nearby he told Karen to kneel
down and clasp her hands behind her neck and spread her
thighs wide apart so he could examine her. Karen tremblingly
sank to her knees and clasped her hands behind her neck
thrusting out her full luscious quivering tits as she slowly
spread her thighs exposing her red cunt hair and pussy to
him. Going over to her kneeling on the straw he grabbed her
tit and squeezed it painfully hard while she squirmed but
did not move her hands and then she was jerked upright on
her feet as he painfully pulled upwards on her red cunt hair
making her moan.

Telling her she was going to have her V shaved and possibly
her nipples pierced and ringed Karen started to shake and he
slapped her face and turned her around and gave her 3
strokes of the cane across her ass as she sobbed and jerked
with each stroke. Telling her to put her head down to the
straw he roughly forced her thighs wide apart and shoved two
fingers inside her spreading cunt making her jerk as he
pinched her clit and then slapping her on her ass he made
her stand up and turn around to face him again.



Grabbing her arms he forced them behind her as he strapped
cuffs on her wrists holding them wrist to opposite elbow
making her full luscious heavy tits thrust out and swing
free with their erect nipples. Telling her to open her mouth
Karen refused to do so and he squeezed her tits and pinched
her nipples painfully hard before holding her nose closed
and when she opened her mouth to breathe forced in over her
teeth a strong steel bit which he buckled tightly under her
chin and behind her head over her long red hair. Attaching a
bridle he threaded the straps along her cheeks and over her
head and buckled them very tight especially underneath her
chin forcing her to bite down on the steel bit in her soft
mouth. Snapping a high collar around Karen's neck which
forced her to hold her head high he then tied reins to her
bridle and pulled on it attaching the other end to a ring
set in the wall. Bending he snapped around her ankles steel
cuffs and then forced her thighs wide apart before clipping
the rings on them to hooks set in the floor. Taking a moist
towel he applied it directly to her red cunt hair and V and
them took a brush and soap and applied foam to her. Taking a
straight razor out his pocket he proceeded to shave her V
and red cunt hair off until there was nothing left and she
was completely bald while she moaned and sobbed as the hair
fell to the floor. Finally he applied another towel to
remove the foam and applied some depilatory lotion to her
now shaven V rubbing all over her V and inserting a finger
in her open cunt to insure it didn't grow back. Her cunt
lips and her shaven V were now clearly exposed for any who
cared to look. Releasing her ankles and reins from the ring
he led her out into the corral to begin her first lesson as
a pony girl.

Hitching her reins to a post he told her that her first
lesson would be to present her ass for the stroke of the
whip when her rider was ready to be off and to high step
properly with her knees well up and wide apart.





Snapping a training leash to her collar and holding her
reins he made her stand in the middle of the corral and took
his whip and CRACKED! it acoss her ass cheeks as she went
round the corral high stepping with her thighs wide apart.

Her full heavy tits bounced and jiggled and her shaven V and
nether lips could clearly be seen with each step she took.
Finally he reined her in and stroked her sore red streaked
ass and smooth stomach and cupped her quivering tits pulling
on her nipples as she calmed down. Cinching a girth belt
around her slim waist he backed her between the shafts of a
light carriage and adjusted the bearing rein pulling her
head painfully back making her thrust her full heavy tits
with their erect nipples out prominently. Stepping into the
carriage he picked up the riding whip. Karen waited a moment
and then he told her to arch her back presenting her ass for
the stroke of the whip. The lovely mare finally arched her
back and spread her legs slightly  presenting her smooth
soft ass with her pouting nether lips for the stroke of the
whip. With a SNAP! of the whip Karen cried out as the whip
hit her on her left cheek they were off for her first ride
pulling a carriage. Guiding her down a path he shortly
tethered her reins to a nearby post and got out from the
carriage and walked over to her. Grabbing her left tit and
squeezing on it painfully hard he bent his head to suck
strongly on her nipple drinking her milk.

Slapping her on her ass as he got back in the carriage he
picked up the whip as Karen arched her back presenting her
behind and with a WHISH! they were off again. He guided her
back to the stables and unhitched her from the carriage and
girth belt. Dragging her by her reins back into the stable
and her stall he tied her reins to a low post insuring she
couldn't stand and then turned and left locking the gate
behind him leaving her there on the straw moaning and
sobbing to herself. Karen found herself growing excited and
she realized that she actually enjoyed some of what she had
just been thru.


Sometime later around 3AM or so she heard someone enter her
stall and turn on the light and lock the gate.
It was one of the grooms and he released her reins from the
low post and removed her bit and bridle and uncuffed her
wrists from behind her back.

Pulling her to her feet he made her get on all fours and and
then Karen felt his hands roughly spread her thighs wide
apart showing her nether lips and shaven V as her full
luscious tits dangled and hung down. Suddenly she jerked as
she felt his hands grabbing her ass cheeks and his cock
forced in her pussy spreading her lips wide as they gripped
his cock. Shoving it brutally in as Karen grunted and moaned
he reached down to grab her hanging tits as he began a slow
in and out movement fucking her. He squeezed her tits and
nipples very hard as his cock moved in and out and she
started gasp and moan then he pushed his thumb in her
asshole as he pinched her clit making her cum again and
again while he spurted deep inside her. Pulling out he
forced her to her knees in front of him and making her clasp
her hands behind her neck spread her thighs wide apart
showing her shaven V and dripping cunt lips to him. Grabbing
her head he forced Karen to open her mouth and clean him off
with her tongue. Twisting her arms behind her back he
clipped her cuffs together tightly again and put the bridle
over her head and tied her reins to the low post again after
slapping her on her soft ass and forcing her to lie down on
the rough straw as he left turning out the light locking the
gate. The next day a groom came by Karen's stall and untied
her reins from the ring and made her get on all four and
turned on a hose and washed her down and as some of the cold
water dripped down her hanging tits and over her nipples she
shivered. Toweling her off he had her stand in front of him
as he lifted and squeezed her luscious tits and pinched her
nipples making her cry in pain. Slapping her on her ass he
put some straps over her shoulders and cinched around her
slim waist a leather saddle buckling it securely and
adjusted the stirrups.

End of Part 18




Part 19


Picking up her reins with a a WHP! of the crop across her
behind making Karen jerk and her luscious tits bounce he led
her into the corral and hitched her to one of the rails.
Shortly a woman came out and the groom untied Karen's reins
and handed them to the woman as he helped her into Karen's
saddle. Karen grunted as the woman's weight settled in the
small of her back and her rider pulled back hard on her
reins forcing the bit to dig into her soft mouth. Karen felt
a hard sting of the riding crop on her left ass cheek and
they were off. Pulling on the reins her rider made her go
left and right and as she pulled on the underneath rein
Karen had to spread her knees with each step clearly showing
her cunt lips spreading open as her luscious tits bounced
and jiggled up and down. Her rider used the crop frequently
across her soft behind to make Karen high step and pick up
her pace and she guided Karen down a trail and after a few
minutes they encountered another rider on a beautiful mare
who dismounted and walked over to them. Karen's rdier
dismounted and they started talking. Karen's Mistress showed
the man Karen's features by lifting each of Karen's tits and
then forcing Karen's knee's apart before inviting him to see
for himself. The man squeezed Karen's left tit and bent his
head to suck on her nipple while he felt between her legs
and pushed a finger in her shaven cunt as Karen stiffened.
Turning her around he stroked and felt her soft behind and
caressed he soft upper thighs as he told Karen's Mistress
that he wanted to buy her. As Karen heard this she started
to blush and turn red but harnessed as she was and with the
strong steel bit in her mouth she couldn't speak or do
anything. Her Mistress agreed to sell her to the man after
Karen had finished her training and as she said this she
reached out and cruelly pinched Karen's nipple making Karen
jerk in pain. She remounted Karen and used the crop on her
soft behind as they moved rapidly along the trail. Coming
back to the stables she dismounted and handed Karen's reins
to a groom who unstrapping the saddle from Karen led her
back to her stall. Removing the bit from her mouth he
attached a feed bag to her bridle and watched while she ate.

He then gave her something to drink and started to groom
her. He tied her reins to a ring in the wall and hosed her
down with a jet of cold water and then dried her off.
Picking up some soap he applied foam to her armpits and V
and reshaved her very closely. Wiping the foam from her V he
then truned her around and released her reins and tied them
a low ring in the straw covered floor making Karen kneel
down. Turning out the ligh he left locking the gate behind
him.
                              
                          CHAPTER 9

Gina was a very lovely and shapely girl who had natural
blonde pussy hair but preferred to dye the top of her hair
red as it accentuated her eyes and other features not the
least of which were her large heavy tits with their long
nipples and her smooth soft ass. She was about 37C-22-32 and
stood about 5'6" in her bare feet. Gina was currently
without a boyfriend since they had recently broken up when
he didn't or refused to satisfy her demands that he tie her
up or spank her. That was about 3 months ago and she was
feeling more and more frustrated until a friend of hers told
her about a club where people who into leather and things
like that met occasionally on Wednesday nights and that if
she was really turned on by things like that she should
check it out but had to go alone since she was turned off by
things like that and thought they were disgusting. Tonight
happened to be a Wednesday and Gina decided to follow up and
check out the club her friend told her about.

She called for a taxi and gave them address of the club. The
taxi dropped her off and she went inside the club checking
her purse at the counter and headed for the bar. Exotic
music was playing loudly and there were men and women
sitting around drinking and talking and most were dressed in
leather and some of the women wore thin soft leather like
collars. Going up to the bar Gina ordered a margarita. A man
came by and sat next to her and asked her name and if he
could buy her a drink.


They started talking and Gina found herself being turned on
by him. He said his name was Fred and had been into the
scene for a few years. Gina said she'd only recently gotten
into it but was interested in learning more. The man said he
had a friend who was much more experienced than he and would
she like to meet him sometime. Gina said yes and Fred left
to make a telephone call. Coming back to the bar he asked
Gina if she could meet his friend tonight. Gina felt her
heart skip a beat as she said yes.

Fred called a cab and they left the club together. Going to
an address in the older part of town Gina found herself
growing more and more excited and Fred's hand started to
feel and squeeze her leg almost lifting her skirt to touch
her panties. Arriving at the address Gina saw it was some
kind of club and they went inside and sat down in one of the
booths. They had some drinks while Fred told the bartender
he wanted to talk to his boss. The bartender left returning
shortly and told them to follow him. They got up and walked
towards the back of the club and as they approached the
office door Gina turned to Fred and told him perhaps they
should forget it since she wasn't so sure now. Fred grabbed
her arm and pushed her thru the door telling her to relax
and just take it easy and everything would be allright. He
made Gina sit down in a soft leather covered chair in front
of the desk behind was seated another older man. The older
man looked up and he and Fred started talking and then he
asked Gina if she really wanted to learn more about the
leather scene. Gina said she did but didn't know exactly
where to start. The man said he could introduce her to some
other friends of his who would be glad to show her more but
first he'd have to see what she had to offer in return. Gina
wasn't sure what he meant and said so. He told her he had to
see her naked before things could go any further. Gina
blushed and almost told him to forget it but Fred coaxed her
and reminded her that she had asked to come here so she
started to stand up unbutton her blouse. Fred stopped her
and just told her to stand still and he would undress her.


Gina told him not to but the other man said this was her
first test and if she didn't pass that would be the end of
it. So Gina reluctantly let her hands fall at her sides and
let Fred unbutton her blouse. Sliding it off her shoulders
he unzipped her skirt and told her to step out of her shoes.
Putting his hands in the waistband of her half-slip he
pulled it down over her legs as she stepped out of it.
Reaching behind her he undid the clasp of her bra and pulled
it away from her full lush tits with their hardening nipples
and pulled her pantyhose over her jutting ass and hips
exposing her blonde cunt hair to him.

Telling her to clasp her hands behind her neck Gina did so
and started to blush red and tremble as she stood completely
naked before the two men showing her lush tits with their
hard nipples and blonde cunt hair to their gaze. The air
felt very cool and Gina's full tits started to quiver.
Reaching between her legs he forced her thighs wide apart
and pulled her cunt lips wide open feeling them. His fingers
came away moist and he remarked that she was already wet as
she blushed bright red from her tits to her navel. Turning
her around he stroked and kneaded her smooth jutting ass as
she trembled. Slapping her harshly on her ass he told her
that she would do just fine and picking up her clothes put
them into a drawer which he then locked. He told Gina she
wouldn't be needing her clothes for a while and just relax
and they'd take care of the next part. Fred told her to
kneel down on the carpet and sit on her heels with her hands
at the back of her neck and Gina tremblingly assumed the
position as he came in front of her and using his shoes
forced her thighs wider apart brutally exposing her pussy
lips spreading open to his gaze. He had her sit there for a
few minutes and asked her if she was ready to obey any
orders given her and if she wanted to back out now. Gina
said no as her full luscious tits quivered and she breathed
heavily. He told her to put her head down to the floor and
not move.




Gina did so bending slowly foward and rested her head on her
arms with her tits dangling as he came behind her and spread
her ass cheeks and shoved two fingers in her wide open cunt
and moved them slowly in and out while she gasped and
moaned. Slapping her hard on her ass he told her to kneel up
again and don't move. Taking a high leather collar he
buckled it tightly around her neck and grabbed her wrists
and put soft leather cuffs around each with some D rings on
the side and pulled them behind her to clip them together
making her thrust her full luscious tits out prominently.
Telling her to stand up he snapped around her ankles
matching cuffs also with some rings and then told Gina to
kneel down again and open her mouth.

As she did he shoved in her mouth a huge ball gag and
tightening the chin strap buckled it securely behind her
head. Putting a blindfold over her eyes cutting off her
sight she started to shake and her full tits started to
swing to and fro and he slapped her on her ass and told her
to calm down and relax. Gina felt straps being put around
her legs and over her neck and tightened holding her bent
over and she jerked as fingers pulled her cunt wide open and
a huge dildo was twisted inside her and then she jerked
foward in pain when her ass cheeks were pulled apart and a
huge wooden insert was forced in her ass. She also felt
straps being run thru her legs and up between the cheeks of
her ass before being buckled tightly around her waist. Gina
was told that it was all necessary for security reasons. She
felt the prick of a needle enter her left ass cheek and
passed out.

She woke up a few hours later in another room as she felt
the straps holding her bent over released and her ankles and
wrists being freed from the tight cuffs. Helping her to her
feet a woman unstrapped the ball gag and it popped out of
her mouth and the woman gave her a small robe to wear.





Her full luscious tits poked it outwards and it barely
covered her smooth soft ass. The woman led her into another
room where there was a man sitting behind a desk and left
her there. The wood floor felt strange to Gina's bare feet
as she stood there shivering in the cool air and her nipples
started to harden. He looked up and told her to remove her
robe. Gina was startled but reached for the bow holding it
closed and untied it and dropped it to her feet standing
completely naked to his gaze. Telling her to get up on the
platform and sit on her heels Gina did so aware of his eyes
on her ass cheeks as they bounced and her full tits as they
jiggled as she walked over to the platform and stepped up on
it. Kneeling down and sitting on her heels she jumped when
his hand reached in between her thighs forcing them wide
apart. Telling her to clasp her hands behind her neck he
stroked her smooth flat stomach and gently cupped her
quivering tits to pull on her nipples calming her down.

Forcing her head to the platform her ass was thrust high in
the air and she moaned as his fingers pulled her cunt lips
wide open and shoved inside.
Letting her kneel erect her full tits bouncing with the
movement he asked her if she was fully prepared to go thru
with this. She nodded her head yes and he pulled out a steel
collar and lifting her hair snapped it around her neck and
it closed with a loud CLICK. He snapped steel cuffs around
her wrists with some rings on them and cuffed her left ankle
tightly with another steel cuff and then told her to stand
up. Turning her around with a hard slap to her ass he
twisted her arms behind her back and clipped her wrists
together. Snapping a leash to her collar while he pulled on
it forcing her to her knees with her luscious tits thrust
out he told Gina her first lesson would be training as a
pony girl and that she was going to have her V shaven and
possibly her nipples pierced. Gina started to tremble when
she heard this and tried to get up but he slapped her face
and pinched her tits telling her she had agreed to obey and
she didn't have a choice in the matter anyway.


Stroking her quivering tits and kneading her soft ass he
forced her to get up and dragged on the leash attached to
her collar making her stumble and follow him down the hall.
Opening another door and leading her out into the courtyard
she saw that there was a barn like structure with a paddock
next to it. Leading her inside the stables he made her enter
an open stall and released her wrists from the tight cuffs
and removed her collar. Strapping a harness around her chest
he bound her arms tightly behind her back above her ass
making her tits swing free. Squeezing her nipples as she
cried out he forced in over her mouth a large steel bit and
buckled it tightly behind her head over her red hair. Gina
was crying and trembling over the bit in her mouth as he
brutally tightened the strap underneath her chin and buckled
it tightly.  Attaching reins to her bridle he tied them to a
ring in the wall forcing her to stand on her toes as he took
some soap and a brush and started to apply it to her blonde
cunt hair and V. Warning her not to move he began to shave
her V and blonde cunt hair.

She felt the hair being scraped off and when he finished and
took a towel wiping off the last of the foam she looked down
and saw she was completely exposed and the nether lips of
her open pussy could clearly be seen.

Releasing her reins from the ring he stroked her soft ass
and then she jerked as he struck her soft cheeks with a crop
making her move down the aisle into the corral to begin her
first lesson. Cinching a belt tightly around her waist he
backed her between the shafts of a light carriage and
attached the rings from her belt to them. Her shaven V was
clearly shown below the belt and her full heavy tits swung
free as he tightened the bearing rein pulling her head back
forcing her to thrust her tits and spreading pussy lips out.
Picking up the reins he stepped into the carriage and picked
up the underneath rein which ran between her legs and just
lightly touched her shaven cunt and cracked the whip on her
behind.


She jerked and started foward as he used the whip cruelly
again to make her keep moving. Telling her to high step and
keep her thighs well apart they began to move around the
corral. As they moved he pulled steadily on the rein going
between her legs forcing her to open her thighs wider
displaying her inner pinkness with each step she took as
well as her shaven V. She cried out as the whip struck her
behind with each step and jerked as the reins were pulled on
the bit in her mouth making her turn left or right. When the
whip struck her nether lips she moaned and increased her
pace. As they moved her full tits bounced and swayed and she
was breathing heavily and streaked with sweat and the marks
of the lash on her behind when he finally reined her to a
halt. Hitching her reins to a post he stood in front of her
and felt between her legs and told her she would be punished
for becoming too wet and she started to tremble and her tits
quivered and he took his crop and hit her twice across her
ass as she jerked in pain before leading her back to her
stall. Opening her stall he slapped her ass and removed her
harness and bit and bridle but did not release her wrists
from behind her back or her collar.

Putting a blindfold over her eyes cutting off her sight he
bound her elbows together making her thrust her heavy tits
out to the maximum and cuffed her ankles together with a
short chain. Snapping a leash to her collar he dragged her
out of the stall and into the discipline room. Helping get
up on the platform because of her ankle's chains he forced
her to her knees and guided her hips over a huge post rising
from its center with a hard rubber end. Gina jerked as he
pulled her thighs wide apart as he guided her hips over the
post until it was at her open pussy lips. Making her bend
foward with her heavy tits dangling he roughly pulled her
cunt wide open with his fingers and pulled back on her
shoulders as she moaned and grunted as the hard rubber end
of the post slid into her wide open cunt. Pulling her knees
wider apart forcing her lower on the post as she grunted and
moaned as it slid all the way into her cunt with her shaven
V clearly shown and her lips gripping the post bulging
outward tightly.

He clipped her ankles to a ring in the floor insuring she
couldn't stand and stroked her ass and squeezed her cunt
lips around the post making her jerk as he checked to make
sure it was tightly inserted. Pulling on her leash he forced
her head back making her thrust her tits out more with their
erect nipples. Picking up a whip he began to strike her ass
and she moaned and cried out with each stroke twisting and
turning trying to find a comfortable position to stay still
in. Stopping after he gave her 15 strokes she jerked in pain
as her luscious tits were lifted and squeezed and her
nipples were cruelly pinched. Releasing her ankles from the
hook and slapping her ass he made her get off the post and
Gina moaned as it slid out of her tight pussy. She found her
self growing excited and wet between her legs as he dragged
her stumbling back to her stall. Leading her in he felt
between her legs and smiled as his hand came away wet.
Releasing her wrists and ankles he made her lie on her back
on the straw and Gina moaned as her sore ass scraped against
it. Forcing her knees wide apart he forced his stiff cock in
her tight pussy as she moaned as it spread her lips and
forced its way deep inside her tight cunt.

Grabbing her tits and bending his head to suck on her
nipples and painfully squeeze her tits he began a rough in
and out movement brutally fucking her. Cumming quickly he
pulled out and made her kneel in front of him and use her
mouth to clean him off.

Snapping a leash to her collar and cuffing her hands behind
her back again he dragged her out of the stables and into
the adjoining office. Making her stand up in front of a desk
at which a woman was sitting he released her hands and
removed her leash but not her collar. The woman looked up
told her to kneel on the small table nearby. Gina hesitated
and the guard slapped her ass and pushed her to the table
making her get up on it which put her behind at about their
eye level. Gina was aware that with her shaven V her
dripping pussy lips could clearly be seen as well as her red
ass and luscious tits.


Telling her to kneel down and sit on her heels the woman
forced her thighs wide showing her spread pussy lips and
clasp her hands behind her neck thrusting her quivering tits
out. The woman asked her if she was ready to be put on
display and Gina hesitated and said not just yet. The woman
told her she'd be shown and put on display whether she liked
it or not. The guard grabbed her wrists and cuffed them
behind her back and forced her head to the floor clipping a
ring on it to a hook holding her head down tightly and
thrusting her ass up in the air. The woman told Gina she was
going to be branded and Gina started to tremble and said
that wasn't part of the deal and the woman slapped her face
and pinched her nipples and as Gina opened her mouth forced
in a huge ball gag buckling it tightly behind her head. She
went over to a small brazier nearby in a corner which Gina
hadn't noticed and using her foot operated a small bellows
until the coals glowed hotter and then put on a pair of
heavy leather gloves and picked up a branding iron and
walked back to Gina who was struggling in her tight bonds
and her tits were swinging back and forth and breathing
heavily. Gina felt hands stroke her ass cheeks and then she
tried to scream as the branding iron was pressed into her
upper left ass cheek and she passed out.

She came to as a bucket of water was thrown over her and she
looked back over her shoulder and saw a small letter G on
her left ass cheek and she was weeping and moaning in pain
over her gag as her head was released from the ring. Leading
her back to her stall Gina's mouth was forced open by the
guard putting his thumbs on the side of her cheeks and
pushing hard and a hard steel bit was forced in and buckled
tightly so she couldn't speak. Pinching her nipples and tits
he strapped the harness around her chest again and recuffed
her wrists behind her back above her ass and tied the reins
from her bit to a hook in the wall making her stand on her
toes and turned and left locking the gate leaving her there
moaning and sobbing.

End of Part 19




Part 20



Early the next day a groom came by her stall and released
her reins from the hook. Unstrapping her harness and
removing the bit from her mouth he made her kneel down on
all fours with her legs wide spread and then she jerked as
he spread her cheeks exposing her asshole. Making her turn
over on her back he took a hose from the wall and turned it
on directing the cold water on her body. Gina shivered as it
hit her and trembled when it struck her nipples and tried to
close her legs when it ran on her open pussy. He made her
turn over and the water ran down her back and between her
cheeks with her tits hanging and dripping. Toweling her off
he re harnessed her with her hands behind her back above her
ass and pinched her nipples to make her open her mouth so he
could reinsert the steel bit. Gina opened her mouth and
started to tremble as it slid in over her tongue as he
tightened it brutally tight around her head. Holding her
luscious heavy tits in his hands he began to apply glitter
to her nipples so they shone and glittered brightly with
each movement as they swung free. He took some oil and
rubbed it on her shaven V and pulled her cunt lips wide
apart to insert a finger rubbing the sweet smelling oil
inside her tight cunt. Turning her around he stroked and
rubbed it all over her soft smooth ass pulling her cheeks
apart as she jerked rubbed it between them and she jumped
when he stuck a finger inside her asshole.

Gina's skin was glistening and shining brightly as he
finished and her tits glittered and bounced. She was at the
peak of her attractiveness and she was breathing heavily and
felt herself getting wet between her legs as he picked up
her reins and led her out of her stall and into the salon.

Coming into the salon Gina stiffened in her tight bondage
when she saw there were several men and women standing and
sitting around talking and drinking and there were several
other pony girls in the room similarly bound as she was.




Leading her over to a small group Gina had had her tits
lifted and squeezed while she blushed red and trembled and
her soft ass cheeks were patted and hands stroked her thighs
and her shaven V. A woman bent her head and sucked on one of
Gina's nipples as her reins were held tightly and Gina felt
herself grow even more excited. One of the women said she'd
like to ride Gina so a groom strapped a saddle tightly
around Gina's waist cinching the straps tightly around her
waist and over her shoulders. Holding her reins tightly Gina
felt the woman get into the saddle and put her feet in the
stirrups. Gina's grunted as the woman's weight and saddle
settled on the small of her back but it was bearable and
then she jerked as a crop struck her left ass cheek and they
were off. Pulling on the reins attached to the bit in her
mouth she guided Gina around the salon to the delight of the
other guests while Gina moaned over her bit and her full
tits bounced and jiggled and the underneath rein making her
keep her knees wide apart exposing her pussy lips and inner
pinkness made Gina blush red as the woman used the crop
alternately on her behind cheeks she started to breathe more
heavily and sweat. She was panting and streaked with sweat
and her behind was marked with the stripes of the lash when
she was finally reined to a halt. Dismounting the woman held
her reins tightly as she stroked Gina's ass and thighs
calming her down. Handing the reins to a groom she left.
Gina's tits were moving up and down as she breathed and
stood there and she jerked as her behind was slapped making
her jerk as the saddle was unbuckled and removed.

The groom stroked her quivering tits and ass before leading
her to a nearby trough. Making Gina bend her head down to
the trough he indicated she could take a drink of water
which she gratefully did. Standing up again she was led back
to the guests who lifted and weighed her tits and felt in
between her legs and patted her behind while her reins were
held tightly. She stiffened and reddened as she saw Fred
come towards her and champed down on the bit in her mouth.



He took the reins from the groom and backed her between the
shafts of a light carriage and cinched her waist belt
tightly to it. Adjusting the bearing rein pulling her head
back her full tits started to quiver and she yowled in pain
as he lifted her left tit and squeezed it hard stretching
her nipple attaching a shiny steel alligator clamp to it. He
did the same to her other tit and she yelped in pain again
and connected the two with a short length of chain which
hung down between her full breasts. Stepping into the
carriage he picked up the reins including the underneath
rein pulling on it until it just touched her nether lips.
Gina waited a moment and then realized he was waiting for
her to present her ass. Gina followed her training and
arched her back presenting her behind for the stroke and
yelped over her bit as he placed it just across her ass
cheeks where they met the top of her legs and they were off.
Pulling on the underneath rein and using the whip on the
cheeks of her soft behind he made her keep her knees wide
apart and well up with each step she took clearly displaying
to the enjoyment of the guests her spreading nether lips and
shaven V and pulling on the reins attached to her bit and
the alligator clamps on her nipples turned her left and
right before reining her to a halt as she panted with her
full tits bouncing. Removing the alligator clips from her
nipples and unhitching her from the carriage he led her back
thru the door and to her stall. Gina found herself being
jealous of the other pony girls and was surprised at this
and also she was very excited and turned on by what she had
been thru so far and found herself wanting more of it but
she didn't care too much for the pain.

What Gina didn't know was that her training was designed to
make her first want the pleasures that followed the pain and
humiliations and then make her want to please her Master or
Mistress. The jealousy Gina was feeling now made her want to
please her Master or Mistress more and she was more ready to
accept the pain that preceded it and be more obedient.




Ultimately she would desire only to please them in whatever
way they wanted. Fred and his partner were planning on
selling her and the other pony girls when they had finished
their training and Gina was an unexpected bonus and addition
to their merchandise and would bring a high price when they
found her buyer.

The next day a groom released Gina from her harness and
tight bondage and led her into the house and into a bathroom
where he told her she could bathe and clean herself up. He
locked the door behind him and stood there watching her.
Gina bathed and perfumed herself and then the guard put a
leather collar around her neck and clipped her hands behind
her tightly and covered her with a short robe which barely
covered her jutting ass and tied it around her neck.
Snapping a leash to a hook on her collar he led her out in
to the corridor and the marble floor felt very cold to
Gina's bare feet and she started to tremble and the groom
slapped her harshly on her behind and told her to do as she
was told and calm down. He stopped outside a door and put a
blindfold over her eyes cutting off her sight and then led
her inside.

He removed her robe and she felt the cool air harden her
nipples as he helped her up onto a small platform and made
her kneel down. Clipping a hook on her collar to one on the
platform making her thrust her soft smooth ass high in the
air and holding her head down very tightly she jerked as she
felt his hands spread her thighs wide exposing her spreading
pussy. Tying straps tightly around her bent knees he pulled
on them before clipping their ends to matching hooks
ensuring her thighs were as wide apart as possible. Stroking
her ass cheeks she jerked again as he roughly inserted two
fingers in her cunt and moved them in and out.

She cried out in pain as she felt her nipples pinched and
then a huge ball gag was forced in her mouth bulging her
cheeks as it was tightly tied around her head.



Kneeling on the small platform Gina's knees felt very cold
and she felt the platform begin to revolve and she was
afraid of falling but the straps held her securely. She was
bound on a revolving platform with several other naked girls
in various positions completely naked with her ass in the
air and her shaven V and pussy were completely exposed. Gina
felt the heat from a fire in room and started to sweat a
little, with some running down her dangling breasts
hardening her nipples. She moaned and tried to cry out as
she suddenly felt her cunt lips pulled wide and a huge dildo
was forced in her tight cunt making her grunt and moan as it
was twisted and pushed until it was buried deep inside her.
She cried in pain as her ass cheeks were pulled wide and a
huge wooden dowel was forced in her ass hole while she
moaned and cried in pain until it was all the way in. She
could feel the end of the wooden dowel in her ass and the
other end of the huge dildo just touch the thin membrane
separating the two tight passages. She felt one of her heavy
tits lifted and jerked as its nipple was cruelly pinched and
then she felt it squeezed hard and its nipple was sucked on
as she squirmed and ground her hips in her tight bondage as
her pussy grew hotter and she got more and more excited. The
dildo in her cunt was slowly moved in and out as fingers
played with her clit and her hanging breasts were sucked and
squeezed on and suddenly she started to cum repeatedly her
body shaking and trembling as each wave hit her.

The wooden dowel in her ass was yanked out making her jerk
in her bonds and she cried out as a huge cock forced it way
inside her asshole. She grunted and moaned as it pushed it
way in and was crying and moaning softly over her gag when
it finally was in all the way and she felt rough hair scrape
the cheeks of her ass. Hands reached underneath her to grab
and painfully squeeze her hanging tits and pinch their
nipples making her cry out.





Finally she felt the cock spurt deep inside her and then
pull out with a slight pop and it was wiped off on her ass.
The platform continued to revolve displaying her upthrust
ass and dripping cunt for several hours before she was
finally released and the blindfold was removed from her eyes
and she was forced to her knees to sit on her heels with her
thighs wide apart showing her open dripping pussy and
quivering heavy tits with their hard nipples. Looking around
she saw she was in a room which had a fireplace and there
were several large easy chairs and some men were sitting in
them and drinking and others were standing around talking.
Fred walked over to her and gripped her chin forcing her to
look up at him and he told her that this was the beginning
of her new life and he and the other men were her new
Masters and she had to obey and do whatever she was told or
she would be severely punished until she did. He asked her
if she was ready to obey and she nodded her bound head up
and down as best as she was able. Motioning to a groom who
snapped a leash on her collar she was dragged out of the
room stumbling and back to her stall to be tied up for the
night.

The next day a groom came by and started to shave her again
and rubbed oil and perfume into her large heavy tits and
over her shaven V and kneaded her soft ass cheeks until they
shone and glistened. Applying glitter to her tits and
nipples he made her open her mouth to accept the bit and
Gina started to tremble as he tightened the chin strap
around her head. He cupped and stroked her quivering tits
and her soft thighs and patted her smooth ass cheeks as he
calmed her down and then led her with her ass moving and
swaying with each step she took out into the corral.
Strapping a saddle across her back and over her shoulders he
buckled it very securely as another groom held her reins
tightly. A woman came over and putting her foot in the
stirrup swung up into the saddle. Gina grunted and moaned
over her bit as her weight settled on her back and then
jerked and moved foward when a riding crop hit her left ass
cheek very hard.



The woman made her move around the corral tugging on her
reins and used the crop hard on her ass to make Gina high
step and keep her knees wide apart showing her shaven V and
open nether lips with each step she took. Gina found herself
growing excited and relaxed her will following her training
and let the woman guide her around the paddock and out the
path as she submitted. This was what she had been trained
for and the ride was reinforcing the lessons. Her full tits
bounced and swayed as they swung loose with each step and
she started to breathe more heavily as the woman reined her
in and tied her to a small bush and dismounted. Lifting
Gina's left tit she bent her head and sucked strongly on her
nipple. Gina felt herself grow weak in the knees with the
onrush of pleasure and more and more excited and wet in her
pussy. Gina found herself wanting this more than she had
ever wanted anything and she was willing to accept the
humiliation and pain to get it. She found herself wanting to
please her rider or Master/Mistress and this was the second
stage of her training. Soon she would desire nothing more
than to please her Master or Mistress regardless of what
they wished her to do. Gina grunted as the woman swung back
into the saddle and pulled on her reins guiding her onto the
path again. As she moved down the path with her full heavy
tits bouncing and her knees wide apart showing her shaven V
and cunt lips as she high stepped she passed other pony
girls being ridden or pulling light carriages and she moved
faster when the crop struck her ass cheeks making her jerk
and cry. Gina's rider cruelly pulled on the reins attached
to the bit in her mouth as it dug into the corners of her
mouth which had red lipstick on it and pulled hard on the
underneath rein making Gina expose her cunt and shaven V
clearly with each step she took as she guided Gina around
the path. Coming to a fork in the road she guided Gina to
the left and out off the main riding trails and onto a path
that led to another estate. Shortly they encountered another
pony girl pulling a carriage and Gina's rider reined her to
a halt. Dismounting she waked over to the other woman in the
carriage as she got out and they started talking.


Gina's rider led the other woman over to Gina and Gina's
rider invited the other woman to examine Gina for herself.
Gina's rider pointed out as Gina blushed red that Gina had
willingly agreed to become a pony girl and that she had cost
her nothing except time. The other woman lifted and squeezed
Gina's large tits as Gina trembled and stroked her shaven V
and turned her around to look at her soft smooth ass cheeks.
Gina felt her hands stroke her cheeks and soft inner thighs
and then Gina jerked as a crop struck her very hard across
both soft cheeks. Gina's cunt lips were pulled wide apart as
she cried in pain and turned red and the woman inserted two
fingers remarking how wet she was becoming and told  Gina's
rider she should punish her for that. She said she'd like to
buy Gina and Gina's rider said she would consider it when
Gina had finished her training but the other woman said she
wanted to finish Gina's training. Gina when she heard all
this stiffened in her tight bondage and started to bite down
tightly on the bit in her mouth but harnessed as she was
with her hands behind her back and her full tits swinging
free and the bit in her mouth there was nothing she could
do. Gina's rider told the other woman to come by the stables
later on and she would see what could be worked out. Gina
grunted as her rider swung up into the saddle again and she
jerked in pain and started to move as the crop struck her
behind as she high stepped keeping her knees wide apart as
she was guided back onto the path to the stables. The woman
told her as they rode along that she was seriously
considering letting the other woman they had met buy her and
Gina almost stopped but she followed her training and
submitted her will to her rider as they moved along. Coming
back to the stables she dismounted and led Gina back inside
to her stall. Removing the saddle from Gina as she sighed
when its weight was removed from her back she tied Gina's
reins to a ring in the wall and turned on the hose directing
the stream of cold water towards Gina washing the sweat and
dust off her luscious body. Gina shivered and trembled as
the jet of cold water hit her and as the woman made her turn
around she jumped when the cold water hit her asshole.


The woman toweled her off and released her reins from the
ring and retied them to a low post as she forced Gina to lie
down on the soft straw.

Telling Gina to relax and rest she left closing the gate
with a loud CLICK!.  Later that day Gina's stall was
unlocked and her reins were untied from the post. The groom
pulled her to her feet and removed her tight harness and the
bit and bridle from her head and mouth. Snapping a steel
collar around her neck and cuffs around her wrists and
ankles which he connected behind her back he bent and
attached a short chain to the cuffs between her ankles so
she had to short mincing steps. Forcing Gina to open her
mouth he pushed in over her teeth as she grunted a huge ball
gag and strapped it tightly behind her head. Taking some oil
he lifted each of her heavy tits and massaged it into them
pinching and pulling on her nipples as she squirmed and
moaned. Turning her around he kneaded and massaged the oil
in her soft ass cheeks and she jerked when his finger
touched her asshole. Making her face him he forced her
thighs apart and rubbed more of the oil on her soft inner
thighs and pulling her cunt lips wide open inside her tight
pussy and her shaven V. Her luscious body was glistening and
shining brightly as he applied glitter to her nipples
pulling on them while she moaned again over her gag. Bending
her over from her waist he clipped a ring in her collar to a
snap hook in the floor so she couldn't stand and unclipped
her ankles as he forced her thighs wide apart exposing her
spreading pussy. She jerked and moaned as he forced in her
tight cunt a huge dildo twisting and pushing as he forced it
deep inside her. She felt his hands spread the cheeks of her
behind and then cried in pain as he forced a huge wooden
dowel in her tight asshole as she grunted and moaned in
pain. Taking a leather strap he buckled it tightly around
her waist and thru her legs and tightly between the cheeks
of her ass before buckling it tightly closed. Releasing her
ankles her clipped them together again with the short length
of chain as he also unsnapped the ring on her collar holding
her head to the floor while her full tits bounced and
jiggled as she came erect.

Gina found herself getting wet and her nipples started to
harden as he then snapped a leash on her collar and dragged
her stumbling out of her stall completely naked in her tight
bondage.

End of Part 20




Part 21


Stopping outside a door he put a blindfold over Gina's eyes
cutting off her sight and she started to tremble making her
heavy tits quiver. He led her into the room and over to a
low leather covered platform and helped her get up on it due
to her ankle chains and blindfold. Bending her over from her
waist her unlocked the belt from around her waist and yanked
out her cunt and asshole inserts as she jerked in pain
again. Making Gina kneel down he guided her hips over a huge
post with a hard rubber end and she jerked as she felt his
hands force her thighs wide apart making the rubber end just
touch her spreading pussy lips. Pushing her shoulders making
Gina lean slightly foward with her heavy tits swinging and
bouncing she felt his fingers pull her cunt painfully wide
open and push her down as the hard rubber end of the thick
post slid into her tight cunt. She grunted and moaned and he
forced her further down on her knees as the post slid deeper
inside her and was panting and breathing heavily when he
finally clipped her ankle chain to a snap hook holding her
legs down as her cunt lips gripped the post bulging outward
around it. She was kneeling with her thighs widespread and
her arms bound behind her with a huge post painfully
impaling her cunt clearly showing her shaven V and cunt
lips. He pulled on her leash making Gina arch her back
thrusting her quivering tits and smooth ass out to the
maximum before clipping its end to a ring nearby. She felt
his fingers squeeze her cunt lips around the post making
sure it was tightly inserted and then run along her inner
thighs and stroke her soft smooth ass before harshly
slapping her behind making her jerk and cry in pain impaling
herself further on the post. Gina felt her right tit being
squeezed and its nipple painfully stretched and she started
to cry and then yowled as an alligator clamp was suddenly
snapped on as she jerked and cried in pain.


He did the same to her left tit while she jerked and moaned
anew in her tight bonds as he stroked her quivering painful
tits and soft smooth ass. Tying leather straps to her bent
knees he pulled on them stretching her thighs as wide apart
as they could go before snapping their end to hooks on the
sides of the platform.

Gina trembled in her tight bonds and her heavy luscious tits
quivered and the cool air of the room started to harden her
nipples as she moaned and cried in pain with her tits rising
and falling. The groom left the room and her rider from
earlier in the day came in with the woman they had met near
the other estate. Walking over to her Gina felt her tits
lifted and squeezed and she cried as the alligator clamps
were tightened cruelly on her nipples. Her cunt lips were
squeezed and her legs and calves were massaged and stroked
as well as her soft inner thighs and she jerked foward in
her bonds on the post as her ass cheeks were roughly pulled
apart and a finger was shoved up her exposed asshole. Gina
heard her rider tell the other woman how sensitive her skin
was and how soft and heavy her tits with their erect nipples
became when she was being ridden and she turned red as they
remarked how wet she had gotten. Her rider told the other
woman than since Gina had cost her nothing except time she
was willing to trade her for another mare from the woman's
stable's. She asked the other woman if she would continue
Gina's training and the other woman said yes and that she
also planned to pierce Gina's nipples and possibly her cunt
lips as well but for now she needed to have her spirit
broken and become more obedient. Gina jerked and moaned and
cried in her tight bonds as she heard this but bound as she
was with the thick post impaling her cunt and her arms bound
behind her and with all the chains and straps she was
helpless to do anything. Gina's blindfold was suddenly
removed and she saw the other woman whom she'd met on the
trail in front of her. The groom released Gina's ankles and
the chain on her collar so she could kneel erect and as she
did her full heavy tits bounced and swung with her movement.


The woman told the groom to get her off the post and he
released her ankles and grabbed her shoulders and pulled her
off the post which made a slight squishing noise as it slid
out of her tight cunt. He forced her to her knees again and
told her to put her head to the floor and not move. When she
hesitated he took a cane and gave her 3 strokes across her
behind as she jerked and forced her head down and clipped a
ring on her collar to a snap hook holding it down tightly.

Gina's new owner told the groom that she obviously needed
some discipline since her display of disobedience would
never do and he was to administer it here and now. She told
him to give Gina 15 strokes with the cane and see if that
wouldn't settle her down before she rode her home. He
grabbed Gina's ankles and unclipping them spread them wide
apart before clipping them to a spreader bar holding her
legs about 2 feet painfully wide apart showing her open
pussy as she moaned with the strain. Sliding a bolster under
her stomach making her thrust her ass in the air he began to
cane her. She jerked as the cane struck across her behind
cheeks and started to cry as each stroke left a bright red
stripe and some broke into welts. She was sobbing and crying
over her gag when he finally stopped with her ass covered in
stripes. Releasing her head the woman told her to kneel
upright and Gina eager to avoid the cane again quickly
assumed the position. The woman squeezed and stroked her
soft smooth ass and stroked her soft inner thighs and lifted
Gina's large luscious tits and cruelly pinched her sore
nipples making Gina jerk in pain as she smiled. Running her
hand down over her flat stomach she stroked her shaven V and
then suddenly shoved three fingers inside Gina's sore cunt
making her moan over her gag. Obviously taking pride in her
ownership the woman told her previous owner that she was
going to enjoy training her and that she was more than
welcome to any mare in her stable. Motioning to the groom to
prepare Gina he grabbed Gina's leash and led her back to her
stall. Releasing the ball gag from her mouth and unclipping
her ankle chains he twisted her arms behind her back and
cuffed them together above her soft ass.

Putting a bridle over her head he tightened the chin and
cheek straps as she started to tremble. Pinching her nipples
he made Gina open her mouth and rammed in over her teeth the
steel bit buckling it securely. Attaching blinders to the
side of her bridle so she could only see straight ahead he
then cinched tightly around her slim waist and over her
shoulders a heavy leather saddle. Gina grunted and moaned as
its weight settled on her back. Picking up her reins he led
her out into the corral where her new owner was waiting.

Her buttocks swayed and undulated as she moved along and her
full tits bounced and swung loose and her shaven V was
clearly outlined. Stopping and holding her reins tightly he
helped her new owner swing into the saddle. He handed the
reins to her and Gina felt the crop strike her left buttock
and with a whp! of the crop across her behind they were off
to her new home. Her new owner used the crop cruelly on her
behind making her high step and kept her knees wide apart
showing her nether lips as she pulled on the reins attached
to the bit in her mouth as she guided her along the trail.
Gina was breathing heavily and streaked with sweat when the
woman reined her to a halt near a water trough. Dismounting
she led Gina over to the trough. Gina bent her head took a
drink of water with her heavy tits dangling. Going in front
of Gina she checked her arms to make sure they were secure
in the tight harness and stroked her soft ass and lifted
Gina's large luscious tits and bent her head to suck on one
of her nipples drinking Gina's milk. The woman put her foot
in the stirrup and remounted her and with a CRACK! of the
crop across her behind they were off again. Finally coming
to the stables Gina saw that there were several pony girls
with their arms bound behind them running in the nearby
paddock and a few were being ridden like she was with
saddles on their backs. Dismounting she handed Gina's reins
to a groom who led her inside the stables. Removing her
saddle he guided her into an empty stall and tied her reins
to a ring and removed the bit from her mouth but not her
bridle and also unclipped her ankles. Leaving her he locked
the gate and turned out the light.

The next day Gina was released from the ring and her bridle
was removed and the bit removed from her mouth. The groom
removed her harness only to clip her wrists and elbows
tightly together behind her making Gina arch her back
thrusting out her luscious tits and shaven V with her nether
lips. Her full heavy tits started to quiver and their
nipples started to become erect as he bent and clipped her
ankles together with a short chain. Snapping a leash to a
ring on her collar he dragged her stumbling completely naked
and trembling out of her stall and into the house.

Stopping outside a door he warned her not to speak and just
do as she was told. Leading her inside he made her keep her
head bowed and kneel and sit on her heels with her thighs
spread wide apart and put her forehead to the floor. Shortly
she heard someone enter the room. Her new owner told her to
kneel erect and as Gina did so her heavy tits bounced and
swayed showing her erect nipples. Thru her widespread thighs
her spreading nether lips could clearly be seen and she
started to tremble making her tits shake. Going over to her,
her new owner told her she must always address her as
Mistress if she was given permission to speak and that
tomorrow she would continue her pony girl training. Gina
wanted to ask her if her nipples would be pierced and she
looked at her Mistress with pleading eyes until she was
given permission to speak. Getting permission she asked when
her nipples would be pierced and was told shortly as soon as
the hair on her V grew back. Gina said she hadn't agreed to
this part and wanted to leave but the woman told her she
didn't have a choice since she was a slave. Gina started to
shake and tremble when she heard this and started to cry and
her Mistress started stroking her smooth flat stomach and
soft ass before gently cupping her quivering tits trying to
calm her down. Suddenly Gina jumped in pain as the woman
cruelly twisted and pinched her nipples as she told her when
she'd let herself go to the bar she lost all her freedom and
became a slave and it was too late to back out; the time to
have backed out was before meeting Fred's associate.


Gina sobbed and cried as she heard this and tried to rise
but the woman took a crop and cruelly hit her across the
soft cheeks of her behind as she told Gina to stop crying
and calm down and accept her fate and that it wasn't all
that bad really. She summoned a groom who led Gina back to
the stables and tied her up for the night. The next day a
groom entered Gina's stall and unclipped her elbows and
wrists and removed her ankle chain and slipped a tight
harness over her chest leaving her heavy luscious tits swing
free. Twisting her arms behind her back he cuffed them
behind her above her soft smooth ass.

Putting a bridle over her head he tightened the cheek straps
and adjusted it over her head tightening the chin strap.
Pinching her nipples he made her open her mouth as he forced
in a large steel bit insuring she couldn't talk and buckled
it securely. Turning her around her slipped over her
shoulders a large saddle and cinched it around her slim
waist. Picking up her reins he led her out in to the corral.
Gina's smooth jutting behind swayed and bounced with each
step she took and her shaven V and nether lips were clearly
exposed. Holding tightly on to her reins he helped her rider
into the saddle. Gina grunted and moaned as the full weight
of her new Mistress settled on her back and her head was
jerked back as she pulled on the reins attached to the bit
in her mouth. Gina felt the crop strike her left ass cheek
very hard and with a WHP! they were off. Gina was forced to
high step and keep her knees well apart exposing her
spreading pussy and the crop cruelly struck her again on the
cheeks of her smooth behind making her go faster as she was
guided on the trail as her heavy tits bounced and swung
loose. Gina's nipples started to harden and she was sweating
and breathing heavily as the woman turned her around and
headed for the stables. Gina's behind was streaked with the
WHP! of the crop as she was guided back to the stables and
when the woman finally reined her in and dismounted Gina
almost sagged when the saddle was uncinched from around her
waist. A groom picked up her reins and led her back to her
stall.


Leading her in he tied her reins to a ring and removed the
bit from her mouth and then he unstrapped her bridle. Taking
a hose he turned it on and washed her down while she
shivered and her full large luscious tits shook and bounced.
Turning her around he directed the stream of cold water over
her back and on to the cheeks of her ass and told her to
bend over and spread her legs. As she did the stream of cold
water hit her asshole making her shiver as her tits dangled
sexily.  Drying her off he told her to clasp her hands
behind her neck and not move. Gina trembling did so and her
full luscious heavy tits were thrust up and her shaven V and
open cunt lips were clearly exposed.

He ran his hand over her shaven V and inserted a finger
roughly inside her twisting and moving it in and out as she
started to gasp and moan. Running his hand up over her
smooth flat stomach he cupped her quivering tits and gently
pulled on her nipples. Stroking her soft red hair he turned
her around and patted her soft smooth ass and kneaded the
cheeks of her behind before pulling them apart and lightly
touch her ass hole as she jerked but did not move out of
position. Taking some oil he turned her around to face him
again and rubbed it over her stomach and shaven V and down
her long legs and forcing her knees apart her smooth inner
thighs and up in her cunt. Turning her around again he
kneaded and massaged the oil on her soft behind and slipped
a hand between her soft cheeks whole she squirmed and
moaned. Turning her to face him he strapped the harness on
her chest and recuffed her arms behind her above her soft
smooth ass leaving Gina's heavy tits swinging free and
loose. Putting straps over her shoulders he buckled and
cinched around her slim waist a large saddle and adjusted
the stirrups and then he picked up her reins and using a
small crop with a hard whp! on her ass making her jerk in
pain led her out into the corral. Holding her reins tightly
he hitched them to a small post. Her new owner came out and
he helped her into the saddle. Gina grunted as her
Mistress's weight settled in the saddle and she pulled the
reins on her bit tightly making Gina arch her back and
thrust her tits and smooth ass out.

Gina jerked in pain as she felt the whp! of the crop on her
ass and they were off. Her Mistress used the crop and tugged
on her bit guiding her around the trail. Shortly the met a
woman who was riding in a carriage pulled by two mares. Her
Mistress reined her to halt and dismounted and walked over
to her. Gina noticed that the two mares had colorful tail
attachments in their smooth asses and they both had
alligator clamps on their nipples in addition to the usual
bridle and bits in the soft mouths.  They both had shaven
V's and their tits were glittered and swung free as they
stood there waiting.

Gina noticed with a start that one of the mares had her
nipples pierced and had small gold rings running thru them
and the other mare's nether lips had rings in them as well
clearly showing her inner pinkness. Gina heard the woman ask
her Mistress about her. They walked over to Gina and the
woman lifted her large luscious heavy tits and squeezed them
hard while she squirmed and moaned in pain. Forcing her
knees apart she inserted a finger in her tight cunt and
turned her around slapping her ass before pulling her cheeks
wide apart and shoving a finger in her asshole. Gina heard
her offer to buy her as she stroked and patted her smooth
behind and her Mistress said she might consider it as Gina
ground her teeth on her bit in frustration and turned red.
Her Mistress turned to her and with a whp! gave her three
strokes across her behind making Gina jerk in pain and then
felt between her legs and showed her wet fingers to the
woman as evidence of Gina's excitability. The woman repeated
her offer to buy her naming a very large sum this time and
her Mistress agreed but said she first had to pierce Gina's
nipples and she could pick her up in a day or two. She
lifted Gina's large tits and squeezing them very hard
stretched her nipples twisting them painfully while she
moaned in pain and told her Mistress that she would prefer
to do it herself. Gina started to feel wet between her legs
and very excited in spite of the humiliation of being
treated like property.



Her training was designed to make her feel this way, to make
her desire to be sold and please her Master or Mistress and
she was nearing the end of her second stage of training but
she felt reluctant and didn't like the idea of having her
nipples pierced but harnessed and saddled as she was she
could do nothing. Her Mistress put her foot in the stirrup
and remounted her and with a whp! of the crop across her
behind they were off again. Guiding her back to the stable
the woman led her inside the corral and handing her reins to
a groom dismounted. The groom led Gina back to her stall and
removed her saddle and took the bit from her mouth and
turning on the hose of cold water washed her down. Drying
her off he tied her reins to a ring in the wall and left her
there closing the gate.

Later that day a groom entered Gina's stall and released her
from the ring and removed the tight bit from her mouth and
her bridle. Making her stand in front of him he forced her
to her knees and then spread her thighs wide with the tip of
his boot exposing her open cunt to his gaze. Snapping a
leash to her collar he dragged her completely naked out the
gate and into another room. Forcing Gina to her knees he
made her put her head to the floor and then going behind her
he spread her thighs exposing her spreading pussy and ass to
his eyes while her full luscious heavy tits hung down. In
the warm air of the room Gina started to sweat a little and
some dripped down over her luscious tits and started to
harden her nipples. She found herself growing excited and
started to get wet in her pussy as she knelt there
completely naked and exposed. Shortly her Mistress came in
and told her to kneel upright. As Gina did so her full
luscious tits bounced with the movement and her nipples were
very hard showing her excitement. Going over to Gina her
Mistress stroked her flat stomach and cupped her quivering
tits pulling and twisting on her nipples while Gina moaned
in pain and pleasure. She told Gina that her new Mistress
wanted her shipped to her so she was going to prepare her.
Taking some heavy leather straps she told Gina to put her
head to the floor and put them around her bent knees and
over her back.

A strap ran over her neck and between her legs cutting into
the cheeks of her behind and was buckled tightly around her
waist. Lifting Gina's head she put a blindfold on her
cutting off her sight and then Gina felt her heavy tits
lifted and squeezed painfully hard and she cried out over
her gag as alligator clamps were attached to her nipples
making her sob and jerk in her tight bonds. Summoning two
grooms her Mistress had them lift Gina into a nearby packing
crate and strap her tightly inside and then nail the lid
shut. Several hours later the crate was opened and Gina was
lifted out.

Her blindfold and gag was removed from her mouth and the
straps holding her bent over were released as well as her
arms from behind her back.

Lifting her to her feet in front of her new Mistress Gina's
large luscious tits bounced and jiggled with her movement
and her shaven V and nether lips were clearly shown. Making
Gina stand with her feet apart and her hands clasped at her
neck her Mistress went over to her and lifted each of her
heavy tits and squeezed them hard and pinched her nipples.
Running her hand over Gina's flat stomach she stroked her
shaven V and pushed two fingers inside Gina's tight pussy.
Turning her around she stroked Gina's soft behind and then
bent her from the waist so her tits dangled and roughly
pulled her cheeks wide exposing her asshole. Gina jumped as
she felt a finger touch her asshole. Slapping her across her
behind with a crop making Gina jerk in pain she turned Gina
around to face her and forced her to her knees. Telling Gina
she was going to enjoy training her she summoned a groom who
led her to a stall and snapping a collar around her neck
tied a chain from it to a ring in the wall and left her.
Early the next day a groom entered her stall and released
her from the ring. Leading her outside completely naked Gina
felt cold in the cool morning air and her large luscious
tits started to quiver as she walked along. Coming to a low
rail the groom bent her foward over the rail and tied the
leash attached to her collar to a hook in the ground holding
her head tightly down.

End of Part 21




Part 22

He went behind her and she jerked as his hands forced her
legs wide apart and tied them to the posts holding the rail.
Gina was tied down spread-eagled with her luscious tits
hanging down and the cold air started to harden her nipples
and thru her widespread legs her open pussy showed her inner
pinkness. Putting a bucket underneath her dangling breasts
he reached under her and grabbed her left tit. Squeezing it
painfully hard making Gina moan he stretched her nipple
pinching it until milk spurted out into the basin below. He
did this several more times as she cried out and moaned and
then reached for her other breast. He squeezed it and
pinched her nipple until the basin below was filled with her
milk. Her full luscious breasts were sore and her nipples
red when he finally finished. Feeling between her legs and
thrusting a finger in her widespread cunt he moved it in and
out as she gasped and moaned.

Picking up his crop with a whp! whp! he struck her twice
across the cheeks of her soft behind making her cry and sob
in pain. Releasing her ankles he also unclipped her leash
and with a snap! of the crop across her behind with her sore
tits bouncing up and down he led her back to her stall.
Leading her in he forced her down on her back and grabbing
her knees forced them wide apart spreading her pussy lips.
Shoving his cock in her spreading pussy as she grunted and
moaned he bent his head to suck on her large luscious tits.
Gripping her tits painfully hard he began an in and out
movement brutally fucking her. He reached a hand underneath
to grip her sore behind and she cried when he pinched it.
Gasping and moaning when her sore ass scraped on the straw
she finally started to cum as he suddenly shoved his thumb
in her asshole as he flooded her deep inside her tight cunt.
Forcing Gina to her knees he made her use her tongue to
clean him off and then he tied her reins to a low post so
she couldn't stand and left locking the gate. Later that
afternoon the groom returned to Gina's stall and cuffing her
arms behind her above her behind put a tight harness around
her chest leaving her heavy tits swinging free.


Putting a bridle over her head he tightened its straps and
made Gina open her mouth to accept the bit which he buckled
securely under her chin and behind her head. Tying her reins
to a ring in the wall forcing her to stand on her toes he
stroked her shaven V and applied some foam to it. Using a
straight razor he reshaved her V scraping off the remaining
stubble. Finishing he toweled her off and applied some
depilatory to insure it would not grow back and then lifted
her luscious tits and began to apply glitter to them
stretching and pulling on her nipples while she moaned and
squirmed. Finishing that he released her reins and putting
strong straps over her shoulders buckled around her waist a
large saddle. Cinching the straps he adjusted the stirrups
and ran the underneath rein between her legs pulling on it
until it just touched her pouting nether lips. Picking up
her reins he led Gina out with her buttocks rising and
swaying with each step and her full tits and erect nipples
glittering into the corral.

Gina was startled as she saw that there was a group of men
and women waiting with her Mistress. Leading her over to
them the groom handed her reins to her Mistress. Gina's soft
thighs were stroked and patted and her smooth behind was
patted and caressed and her large heavy tits were lifted and
her nipples pulled and stretched as she was made to stand
with her feet together and arch her back thrusting out her
lovely tits and upthrust her soft ass. A woman asked if she
might suck Gina to see what it felt like and Gina's Mistress
gave her OK. The woman lifted Gina's left tit and bent her
head to suck on her nipple. Gina felt herself grow weak in
the knees and she experienced a strong sensation in-between
her legs while the woman strongly sucked on her nipple.
Lifting her head momentarily the woman remarked to her
Mistress that it was a truly delightful drink. Gina's
Mistress said she would show them how good a pony girl
Gina's was and having the groom hold Gina's reins' she put
her foot in the stirrup and swung into the saddle.




Gina grunted as her Mistress's weight settled in the saddle
then with a WHP! of the crop across her soft behind they
were off prancing about the paddock to the enjoyment of the
guests. Gina followed her training and submitted her will to
her rider letting herself being guided around and was
enjoying the run. Her Mistress tugged on the reins attached
to the bit in her mouth turning her left and right. Finally
reining her to a halt she hitched Gina's reins to a small
post as the guests crowded around. Gina was breathing
heavily and her luscious tits were moving up and down and
her nipples were erect. Her Mistress forced her thighs wide
apart as she stood harnessed there in her tight bondage
exposing her nether lips and felt between her legs. When her
hand came away moist she picked up her crop and with a snap!
snap! snap! hit Gina's soft behind making Gina cry and jerk
with each blow. She felt between Gina's legs again and this
time her fingers came away wet. Showing them to the guests
she pointed out to them while Gina turned red that she had
become very excited. She remounted Gina and with a whp! of
the crop across her soft behind she guided Gina back to the
stables.

Dismounting as Gina sighed she handed her reins to a groom
who led her back to her stall. Unstrapping her saddle and
removing her harness and bridle and bit he snapped a leash
on her collar and dragged her stumbling completely naked out
of her stall down the aisle. He used a crop on her behind
making her jerk in pain and move along as he felt between
her legs and squeezed her ass. Gina jerked when his fingers
touched her cunt and started to cry as they neared the
blacksmiths'. Leading her in Gina started to sweat which
dripped down her chest and started to harden her nipples.
The smith took her reins from the groom and releasing her
hands from behind her attached her cuffs together and joined
a ring from her cuffs to an overhead hook stretching her on
her toes. Gina was hanging from a chain in the ceiling and
her luscious tits with her hard nipples were thrust out. The
smith grabbed her right tit and squeezing hard on it
stretching her nipple pinched it making her cry.

He did the same to her other breast and then picked up a hot
needle and grabbing her breast around its base with his
fingers stretched her nipple while she cried and pierced it
with the needle. He did the same to her other breast and
then put tiny gold rings thru them while she cried and
sobbed in her bonds. Forcing her legs apart he felt her
nether lips and pulled them and then shook his head and told
the groom she was not suitable for piercing as yet and they
would have to wait a bit before ringing her cunt. Releasing
her wrists from the hook he bound her arms behind her again
and handed her leash to the groom who led Gina sobbing and
weeping back to her stall where he tied her leash to a ring
and left leaving her there sobbing and moaning. The next day
a groom came by Gina's stall and released her from the ring.
He lifted her large heavy tits and checked the rings going
thru her nipples while she moaned as he pulled on them.
Putting her in harness leaving her tits swinging loose he
put the bridle over her head and forced her to open her
mouth to accept the bit which he rammed in brutally over her
teeth, tightening it more than before it seemed to Gina as
it dug into the corners of her soft mouth while she cried.
Picking up her reins he threaded them thru her nipples rings
and attached them to the bit in her mouth.

Pulling on the bearing rein attached to as ring in her
collar he adjusted it until her head was pulled back making
Gina thrust her full luscious quivering tits out with their
erect ringed nipples. Feeling between her legs he smiled
cruelly as his came away wet and felt her shaven V and
stroked her soft behind and inner soft thighs. Leading her
out into the corral he strapped a girth belt tightly around
her waist and then backed he between the shafts of a large
carriage. Attaching the rings on her girth belt to the shaft
nearest the carriage he left her there. Returning he backed
another mare next to Gina and buckled their girth belts
together and to the shafts of the carriage. There were still
several other rings not used on the shafts. He returned with
another groom leading two more pony girls and they backed
them between the shafts of the carriage and buckled their
girth belts securely to the shafts.

Threading their reins together hitching them as a team he
adjusted the straps and bearing reins until their heads were
pulled back and their quivering tits were thrust out as they
stood at attention with their feet together and their smooth
behinds were upthrust. Gina noticed that the other pony
girls had rings thru their nipples and two had their nether
lips ringed as well. She was hitched with three other pony
girls to a large carriage or coach and was waiting for the
snap! of the whip as were the other ponies. Shortly her
Mistress and several other ladies and men came out and
stepped into the carriage. The driver got into his seat and
with a SNAP! of the whip on her behind they were off. Gina
found it difficult to pull the carriage at first but with
the other ponies helping she was able to manage the load
which got easier as they moved along at a fast pace. Their
bells jingled and their luscious tits were bouncing and
their nether lips exposed with each step they took and the
driver cracking his whip on their behinds did not allow them
to slow their pace. Shortly they came to a large area in the
center of which was a large corral. The driver guided the
coach just outside and reined them to a halt. Gina could see
that it was a large corral with about 20 or 30 pony girls
within all harnessed as she was with shaven V's and their
large tits swinging free.

Off to one side there was a large stage like area and a pony
girl was standing on it and next to her was an auctioneer
who was pointing out to the crowd her charms. Lifting her
tits and showing her nether lips and turning her around to
show her smooth ass he described her while the pony girl
turned red as excitable and supple and soft yet strong
enough to be either ridden or pull a carriage. She was soon
sold and led weeping off the block. The grooms started
unhitching the other mares from her carriage and Gina
started trembling as she saw the first two led towards the
corral and pushed inside. Gina thought she was going to be
sold but her Mistress had other plans. The grooms unhitched
her and the other mare and led them to a large building next
to corral and sale area.


Gina saw inside there were several other mares all hitched
to posts or bent over rails and some were being whipped and
others had their tits pulled or nipples stretched. Gina was
led over to a low railing and bent foward from her waist and
her collar clipped to a ring in floor. Going behind her the
grooms grabbed her ankles and spread her legs wide showing
her spread pussy and inner pinkness and tied them to other
rings in the floor. Her full luscious tits hung free and her
ringed nipples started to get hard. The groom bent and
removed the rings from her nipples squeezing her tits
painfully hard. Another groom put a basin underneath her
tits and started to milk her. She was gasping and moaning
over her bit and one of the grooms took his crop and hit her
twice across her soft behind making her jerk and cry in pain
before she finally started to weep silently to herself.
Finishing milking her the grooms put Gina's nipple rings
back in her nipples and then bent and clipped her ankles
together with a short chain and removed her bit and bridle
leaving Gina completely naked except for her collar and
ankle chains. He full tits swung free and bounced and her
nipple rings tinkled and shone brightly and she breathed.
Her shaven V was clearly shown as were her open pussy lips.

They started to lead her outside towards the auction block
and Gina started to struggle but the groom hit across her
soft behind with his crop making her jerk and cry and move
along. Forcing her to mount the steps to the block the
grooms grabbed her bound arms and held her exposing her
charms to the crowd. Using his crop across he behind her
gave her several hard strokes on her soft behind and she
collapsed crying and weeping. Dragging her to her feet they
released her arms and made Gina clasp her hands at her neck.
The auctioneer lifted each of her large luscious tits
pulling on her nipples rings as he described their weight
and softness to the crowd. Sliding his hand over her smooth
stomach and stroking her thighs he forced her legs wide
apart exposing her open nether lips and shaven V.



Feeling between her legs he had them turn her around and
kneaded and stroked her red ass while he pulled her cheeks
apart exposing her asshole. Having them bend her over her
showed the crowd her open pussy and she turned red when his
fingers pulled the lips apart showing her pinkness and
inserted a finger inside moving it slowly in and out.
Slapping her hard on her ass making her jerk he had the
guards turn her around again to face the crowd. He lifted
and squeezed each of her large luscious tits while he
listened to the increasing bids from the crowd. Gina was
finally sold to an Arab sheik who was was planning to add
her to his stables. Gina was led stumbling from the block by
a servant who used a crop on her sore ass making her move
along. Leading her into a room he forced her to her knees
before her new Master as she trembled and her large tits
started to quiver. The sheik told her she would first serve
in his brothel for a little while to see how she would
perform then she would be added to his stables. Snapping a
leash to a ring on her collar he dragged her stumbling out
of the room and to a waiting truck. Reaching between her
legs and grabbing her sore behind he threw her into the
back. There were about 6 other naked girls in the truck with
Gina. The truck moved along and finally came to a large
building and pulled into the courtyard. Gina was lifted out
and dragged into a room where her bonds were removed along
with the other girls.

They were all naked and trembling as they stood before a
desk at which a woman was seated. Each girl was made to
kneel up on the steel table nearby and thoroughly examined
before being led off. Gina was the last and she was forced
to mount the table and a guard helped her by grabbing her
sore ass and lifting her up. Gina jerked as his fingers
touched her sore cunt. He made her sit on her heels and
grabbed her thighs forcing them wide apart exposing her
shaven V and nether lips as the woman walked over. She ran
her hand over Gina's flat stomach and gently cupped her
large tits and pulled on her nipple rings which she removed
as Gina sighed.


Stroking her long red hair she told Gina she would serve
many men while she was here and her blonde pussy hair would
be allowed to grow back. Slapping Gina on her ass she had
the guard take her to her room. Dragging her by her leash
the guard shoved her into a small cell like room and bound
her arms behind her with thin cord which dug into her skin.
Lifting her legs he bound her knees and ankles and threw her
on top of a wooden pallet on her stomach. She yelped as her
sore tits scraped the rough wood and he pulled her ankles
towards her neck. Attaching a chain to a ring on her collar
he clipped its end to her ankles making her arch her back
thrusting her ass and quivering tits out. Gina was hogtied
completely naked with her tits dangling on a wooden pallet
exposing her upthrust behind and sore tits. He took a whip
and then began to strike her with it first on her back and
then on her behind. She jerked and cried in pain as the tip
struck her on the cheeks of her behind and curled around her
waist but bound as she was she could do nothing. He gave her
more than 20 strokes and she was weeping and sobbing as he
came in front of her and pinching her nipples making her sob
in pain open her mouth and forced in a huge leather ball gag
which he buckled tightly behind her head over her red hair.
He put a blindfold on Gina cutting off her sight and then
slapped her on her sore red behind and left locking the door
leaving her there sobbing and moaning in the dark. The next
day a man came in and untied her and removed her blindfold
and gag.

Making her stand up with her hands clasped at her neck he
lifted and squeezed her luscious tits and pinched her
nipples and kneaded her soft ass while feeling between her
legs to insert finger in her tight pussy. Making her kneel
and sit on her heels he showed her a small cane and
threatened to use it if she didn't suck him off. Gina
tremblingly opened her mouth and he grabbed her head by the
ears and forced it down her mouth. She started to suck and
lick it as he fingered her dangling tits. Stopping her he
made her get on all fours and grabbing her thighs spread
them. She moaned as his stiff cock forced its way past her
spread pussy lips and tender tissues.

Reaching underneath her to grab and painfully squeeze her
dangling tits and pinch her nipples making her body jerk he
brutally fucked her. Gina started to gasp and moan and move
her hips back towards him as she grew more and more excited.
Finally cumming he pinched her clit and slapping her on her
sore ass pulled out wiping his cock on her ass. Turning he
left locking the door. Gina was there several months and
many men used her some whipped her until she cried or sobbed
in pain and other simply fucked her or used her ass. Some
had her squeeze her tits tightly around their cocks as they
came on her face. One day a man came in who brutally fucked
her and he forgot to retie her and just before he left she
reminded him to do so. He tied her tightly and left and
shortly the woman whom she had met on her first day came in
and told her she was finally ready to be added to the
sheik's stables. By this time Gina's blonde cunt hair had
grown back and the holes in her nipples had healed allowing
the rings to be easily inserted. The woman untied her and
leading her completely naked out the room guided her down
the corridor. Coming to another room the woman had her go in
and kneel on the table inside on her heels and clasp her
hands at the back of her neck. Gina did so and thrust her
luscious quivering tits out. The woman came in front of her
and forced her thighs apart exposing her blonde cunt hair
and pussy lips. She told Gina to wait there and she would be
picked up.

A few minutes later a man came in and lifting her hair
buckled a high leather collar around her neck and put tight
leather cuffs on her wrist and ankles. Forcing her arms
behind her back he clipped her wrists together making Gina's
heavy tits thrust out and quiver with her hard nipples.
Bending he attached a short chain between her ankles making
her take short hobbling steps. Pinching her nipples making
her open her mouth he forced in over her teeth a huge ball
gag and buckled it tightly around her head and under her
chin. Putting a blindfold over her eyes cutting off her
sight he snapped a chain-leash to a ring on her collar and
dragged her stumbling out of the room to a waiting car.


Leading her to the back of the car he opened the trunk and
attached chains to her wrist and ankles joining them
together holding her bent over and lifted her into the trunk
and closed the lid. She felt the car move and several hours
later the trunk opened and she was lifted out and the
blindfold removed from her eyes and she was permitted to
kneel upright. Unbuckling the gag in her mouth it popped out
and he released her wrists and ankles. Gina knelt there
completely naked with her hands clasped at her neck and her
legs spread wide showing her cunt hair and pussy. The groom
removed her ankle cuffs and wrist cuffs and collar and
replaced them with a steel cuff around her left ankle and a
thin flexible steel collar which he locked with a loud
click! around her neck. The sheik stood in front of her and
she bowed her head to the floor thrusting her ass in the air
showing her obedience and submission and as she did Gina
felt very excited and was growing wet between her legs.
Telling her to kneel erect she did and slowly spread her
thighs wide apart and arched her back thrusting her
quivering tits out for his inspection. He lifted and
squeezed her large heavy tits and pulled on her nipples
while she moaned in a mixture of pain and pleasure. Telling
her to stand up and turn around and bend over Gina quickly
did so and grabbed her ankles with her legs as far apart as
they could go up thrusting her smooth ass to him. She felt
his hands stroke her inner thighs and patt her soft behind
and then pull her cheeks apart exposing her asshole. She
jerked as he inserted a finger in her open cunt but moved
her hips back towards his hand as he slowly moved it in and
out. Slapping her on her ass he told the groom to take her
to her stall and finish her training. Gina had reached the
stage in her training where she desired to please her Master
and wanted pain to get the pleasure that followed it. She
was almost at the end of her training. The final stage she
would desire only to please her Master or Mistress. The
groom snapped a chain-leash to her collar and led her out of
the building and thru the yard to the stables.

End of Part 22




Part 23



Leading her inside to her stall Gina grew more excited and
when the groom locked her leash to a ring in the wall and
left her alone she felt disappointed.
Shortly another groom entered her stall and told her to
stand up and spread her legs and clasp her hands at her
neck. He carried with him a bucket of water and some towels.
Gina assumed the position thrusting her blonde cunt hair up
at him as well as her heavy luscious tits. Making some foam
with the soap and water he began to apply it to her V and
armpits. Rubbing it in her V Gina grew hot and excited in
her pussy and she started to grind her hips but the groom
pinched her nipples and told her to stop and hold still. She
did so and he continued to apply the foam until he was
satisfied then taking a straight razor and warning her not
to move he began to shave her blonde cunt hair. As he
scraped away her blonde hair from her V Gina got hotter and
hotter but did not move. When he had finished she looked
down and her V was completely bare and her exposed nether
lips could clearly be seen and she felt satisfied, she had
pleased her Master. Toweling the last of the foam from her
he had Gina stand up and put a bridle over her head
tightening the straps and then Gina opened her mouth on his
command to accept the bit which he buckled tightly under her
chin and behind her head. Cuffing her wrists behind her back
she started to tremble as her thrust out heavy tits started
to quiver. The groom stroked her soft behind and ran his
hand over her flat stomach and cupped her heavy tits and
gently pulled on her nipples calming Gina down. Attaching
reins to her bridle he then tied them to a ring and left her
there. Gina wanted at this point to please her Master and to
be a pony girl since that was what her Master wished.

Soon Gina would feel the desire to be sold and would do
anything to please her Master. Shortly the groom returned
and untied her reins and led her out into the corral.
Strapping a girth belt around her waist he backed her
between the shafts of a carriage and clipped the rings from
her belt to its shafts holding her tightly in place. As the
groom ran the underneath rein between her legs while Gina
stood at attention she felt herself grow more excited.

The groom adjusted the bearing rein pulling her head back
making Gina arch her back and thrust her tits and ass out.
Stepping into the carriage he picked up the reins. Gina
arched her back presenting her behind for the stroke which
he placed across her cheeks and they were off. Gina high
stepped and kept her knees high and wide apart showing her
nether lips and shaven V as they moved along. The whip
cracked on her behind, first her right then her left cheek
making her increase her pace. The underneath rein made Gina
keep her knees wide apart and her nether lips spread open
showing her inner pinkness to her rider. He made Gina go
around the corral several times and when he finally reined
her to a halt she was breathing heavily and her behind was
streaked red with the marks from the lash and she was
sweating, some of which had dripped onto her full breasts
and had started to harden her nipples. Unhitching her he led
her back to her stall and fed and washed her down and then
removed her bit and bridle after attaching her chain-leash
to a ring in the wall and locking it. Gina immdeiately
assumed her display position. Head bowed down, sitting on
her heels, arms clasped behind her, thighs widespread
showing her pussy, back arched thrusting out her tits. The
groom looked down at her and told her to get on her back.
Gina did so and spread her thighs wide showing her open
shaven pussy and held her arms out. He dropped his pants and
getting between her legs pushed his stiff cock into her
tight pussy. Gina grunted and moaned as he forced his way in
and he bent his head to suck and lick her large heavy tits
as he began an in and out movement while Gina moved her hips
up to meet his thrusts. He reached a hand underneath her to
grab her sore behind and squeezed it hard.

Cumming just as she did as Gina moaned and bucked beneath
him while he gripped her tits painfully hard and sucking on
her nipples while biting them he pulled out and made her
kneel and use her tongue to clean him off. Gina did so
eagerly licking and sucking until he was satisfied. He then
turned and left leaving her chained to the post. Gina felt
very satisfied, she had pleased her Master and was looking
foward to more.

She was nearing the final stage where she would want nothing
more than to please her Master or Mistress in whatever way
they desired.

Early the next morning Gina's stall was opened by a groom
who released her chain from the post and tugging on it had
Gina follow him completely naked into the house to see the
sheik. Stopping outside a door he opened it and led her
inside. The sheik was sitting on a pile of cushions waiting.
Removing her leash the groom pushed Gina foward towards him.
Gina dropped to her knees and bowed her head to the floor.
Sitting on her heels while her large heavy tits bounced with
her movement she clasped her hands at the back of her neck
and pulled her elbows back thrusting her luscious tits
upwards with their hard nipples while slowly spreading her
thighs wide apart exposing her spread pussy to him.
She was very excited and was breathing heavily as her tits
rose and fell and Gina was starting to get very wet in her
tight pussy. Her excitement was quite obvious to the sheik
and he motioned to some servants who brought to Gina a harem
girl type costume and indicated she should put it on. Gina
did so sliding the gauzy pants up over her long legs and
slipped her arms thru the velvet bolero top and closed it
with one button. The servants fixed on top of her head a
tiny red fez and put on her feet a pair of soft cloth
slippers. The sheik indicated she should dance for him and
the musicians picked up the pace of the music. Gina started
to dance slowly for the sheik with her arms over her head
and moving her hips from side to side as she glided around
the floor in time to the music. As Gina danced she grew more
and more excited and the sweat started to build on her body
further hardening her erect nipples.

The button on the bolero top popped open as she bent low and
she pulled it off of her shoulders and continued to dance
now clad only in the gauzy pantaloons and her tits bounced
and swayed with her fluid movements and their erect nipples.



Gina slid the pantaloons off of her long shapely legs and
stepped out of them along with the slippers and unclipped
the fez from her hair and knelt before the sheik completely
naked and turned around and bent foward from her waist with
her legs wide apart as she sank to her knees thrusting her
smooth soft ass high in the air and showing her open pussy
and inner pinkness to him as she moved her hips from side to
side and asked the sheik to please punish her. The sheik
clapped his hands summoning some servants who brought out a
large steel triangle. Going over to Gina they put soft
leather cuff tightly around her wrists and ankles and led
her over to the triangle. Cuffing her wrists above her head
to the top of the triangle they bent and spread her legs
about three feet apart before securing them to the other
ends of it. A groom picked up a long black bullwhip and
began to whip Gina. The whip curled around her stomach to
leave a red mark on her stomach and then cruelly stung her
between her legs. It struck harder and harder on her soft
behind making her jerk and cry out and Gina got wetter and
hotter in her pussy and started to arch her back towards the
whip as it caressed her body. When it struck her nipples she
strained in her bonds and her body shook as it left a red
welt on her chest. When the tip of the whip struck her hard
right on her clit Gina screamed and started to cum and her
body shook the triangle so intense was her orgasm and her
pussy juices started to drip down her soft inner thighs. She
was weeping and sobbing and flushed bright red when they
finally released her from the triangle and cuffs. Gina sank
to her knees before the sheik and bowed her head to the
floor and kissing the whip held in front of her thanked the
sheik for punishing her. He clapped his hands and they led
Gina back to her stall. Gina had reached the final stage in
her training, she desired only to please her Master and was
willing to do anything to please him and took pleasure in
pleasing him.

The sheik was planning to sell her after several more months
and he had a buyer in mind, a friend of his who owned a
special house. The house catered to men who had exotic
tastes.

The men all were connoisseurs of pony girls and into the
leather scene. A groom entered Gina's stall early the next
morning and Gina immediately knelt down and sat on her heels
assuming the display position thrusting out her large heavy
breasts and showing her nether lips. He put a bridle over
her head and buckled the straps securley and mad her open
her mouth for the bit which he tightened underneath her
chin. Putting some straps over her shoulders he attached a
large saddle to her back and ran the reins thru her legs and
tightened and cinched the straps around her waist. Leading
her out into the corral he held her reins as a woman came
over and put her foot in the stirrups. She swung ionto the
saddle and Gina grunted as her full weight settled on her
back. Giving her the reins Gina's head was pulled back and
the bit in her mouth dug into the corners as she picked up a
crop and with a whp! across Gina's behind they were off. She
guided Gina around the trail for several miles making Gina
high step and keep her knees wide apart. Coming to a small
clearing she reined Gina in and tied her reins to a small
bush. dismounting she walked in front of Gina and checked
her harness; tightening the straps and bit. Lifting Gina's
luscious left tit she bent her head and sucked on Gina's
nipple strongly.Gina grew very excited but harnessed as she
was tightly bound from her waist up she couldn't do
anything. Feeling between Gina's legs and inserting a finger
in her tight pussy she took her crop and whp! whp! gave Gina
two strokes across her soft behind making Gina jerk and cry
out in pain over her bit. Remounting she struck Gina hard
across her soft ass and they were off again. She tugged on
bit in Gina's mouth making her go left and then right
pulling her head back as she guided Gina around the trail.
Coming back to the stables she guided gina back into the
corral and dismounted handing the reins to a groom who led
Gina back to her stall and removed her harness and chained
her to a ring in the wall.

This went on for several more months with Gina being ridden
with a saddle or sometimes pulling a light carriage.


One day a groom entered Gina's stall and she immediately
sank to her knees and bowed her head to the floor. Telling
her to kneel erect and display herself Gina assumed the
position. The groom grabbed her full luscious breasts and
squeezing them and stretching her nipples told her that she
was going to be sent to a special house today and she had
finished her training.
Gina looked up at him and lay on her back and bent her legs
slightly at her knees and spread her thighs wide and held
out her arms beckoning to him. He knelt between her and
bending his head started to kiss and squeeze and suck on her
large luscious tits while she moaned in pleasure. She
stiffened as his cock pushed her tight pussy lips apart and
forced its way past her ring. Moving in and out while he
sucked her heavy breasts he reached underneath to grab her
behind while he brutally fucked her. She gasped and moaned
in pleasure and pain beneath him and thrust her hips towards
him with each thrust he made. Gina finally came again and
again just as he pushed his thumb in her asshole as he came
spurting deep inside her. Pulling out he made her kneel and
clean him off. Gina was flushed red with pleasure from her
multiple orgasms and was feeling very satisfied that she had
pleased her Master. He locked her chain-leash to a low post
so she couldn't stand and left leaving her there completely
naked with her dripping pussy. Shortly another groom came in
and unlocked her leash and bound her arms behind her with
thin cord that dug into her soft white skin. Taking a huge
leather ball gag he made Gina open her mouth as he forced it
in over her teeth and buckled it behind her head over her
long red hair. Putting a blindfold over her eyes cutting off
her sight he bent and cuffed her ankles together and then
lifting her hair as Gina started to tremble making her heavy
tits shake he slid over her face a black leather discipline
helmet tightening the laces around her neck before locking
them with a small padlock. Snapping a leash to her collar he
dragged her stumbling completely naked out of the stall and
loaded her into the trunk of a waiting car.



After a trip of what seemed like hours to Gina she was
lifted out of the trunk and stumbling led inside a house and
down a rough flight of stone steps. Removing her discipline
helmet and blindfold she saw she was in an alcove of stone
and there were about 8 cell like doors with padlocks around
it. Leading her over to one of them a groom opened it and
pushed her inside, it was barely big enough to hold her.
Gina jerked in pain as her ass scraped the rough stone wall.
He attached a chain to a ring on her collar and snapped it
to a hook in the ceiling forcing Gina on her toes. Bending
he unclipped her legs and forcing her thighs wide apart
clipped her ankles to rings in the floor about three feet
apart spread-eagling her. He ran his hand up over her flat
stomach and cupped her quivering tits as he painfully
pinched her nipples making her jerk in her tight bonds.
Slapping her on her thighs he turned and left locking the
door. Several hours later during which time Gina had fallen
asleep a woman came by and unlocked her cell and released
her ankles and neck. Gina moved her head to try to get rid
of some of the kinks in her neck as the woman led her stark
naked down the corridor to another room.

Pushing her inside Gina saw that was a sawhorse covered in
leather in a corner and some chains hanging from the ceiling
and various whips, straps and other discipline instruments
hanging on the wall. The cool air and the bare stone floor
started to harden her nipples as the woman led her to the
horse and releasing her arms from behind used the crop on
her behind making Gina mount the horse. Gina straddled the
horse and lay face down on it and noticed it was slightly
inclined and put her ass high in the air. Her legs and arms
lay down along the supports and the woman attached cuffs to
her ankles and tied them to the legs spreading her wide
open. Gina's wrists and arms were tied to hooks in the floor
as her heavy breasts hung down with their erect nipples. A
strap was buckled around her waist holding her tightly down
and other straps went around her thighs both above and below
her knees as well as her elbows holding her completely
immobile just barely able to twitch.

The woman bent and grabbing Gina's heavy tit pulled on her
nipple stretching it and then Gina jerk and cried in pain as
she attached a shiny steel alligator clamp with a weight on
a chain to it. She did the same to Gina's other breast and
Gina cried in pain again. Taking a crop the woman struck
Gina's hard across the cheeks of her soft behind. The blows
got harder and faster and Gina started to moan and gasp and
each stroke left a bright red welt. Feeling between Gina's
legs she inserted a finger in her open pussy smiling as it
came away wet. She continued to use the crop on Gina's soft
ass until she had given her 50 strokes and Gina was moaning
and sobbing pain over her gag. Gina was dripping wet between
her legs and had cum several times and was very excited in
spite of the pain. The woman released her from the horse and
removed the ball gag from her mouth and the alligator clips
from her nipples which were red and streaked marked from the
lash. Gina immediately knelt down and sat on her heels and
kissed the crop and thanked her Mistress for punishing her
and asked for more. Snapping a leash to a ring on her collar
the woman dragged Gina out of the room completely naked,
sobbing to her cell and pushed her inside. Forcing Gina to
her knees she locked her chain-leash to a ring in the wall
and locked the door.

Early the next morning a groom came by and released her
chain from the ring and made her kneel in front of him
sitting on her heels. Telling her to clasp her hands at her
neck, she thrust out her quivering heavy tits towards him
and uplifting them for him showing her hardening nipples.
Slowly spreading her thighs she exposed her pussy and her
shaven V. Ordering her to get on all fours and raise her ass
Gina did so and he used the tip of his boot to move her
thighs wide apart showing her spreading pussy to him. He
knelt behind her and unzipped his pants and she jerked as
his cock pushed her pussy lips wide forcing inside her tight
cunt. Reaching underneath to caress her smooth stomach and
grab her heavy dangling tits pinching her nipples he began
an in and out movement fucking her roughly. She gasped and
moaned and bucked her hips back towards him.

Pinching her nipples as he fucked her she started to moan
harder and when he suddenly pinched her clit she started to
cum as he spurted deep inside her flooding her and it
started to drip down her soft inner thighs. Pulling out of
her tight pussy he wiped himself off on her ass and made her
sit on her heels facing him and use her mouth to clean him
off. Gina was flushed from her orgasm and eagerly did so and
he started to get hard again as she open her mouth to
greedily suck him inside. He pushed her head off and told
her not to be so greedy and that she would have some more
later on but for now she was wanted out in the corral.
Making her stand he harnessed her with the bridle and she
opened her mouth to accept the bit over her tongue and he
cuffed her wrists behind her back above her ass. Putting a
saddle on her back he adjusted the shoulder straps and
buckled the waist belt very tight and Gina had to breathe in
before he locked it closed. Picking up her reins he led her
with her buttocks swaying under the saddle into the corral.
Holding her reins he helped her Mistress into the saddle.
Pulling on her reins her rider forced Gina's head back as
she settled into the saddle. Gina felt the sting of the crop
on her behind and they were off with a jingling of the
bells. Gina was guided down the trail and around the lake.
The crop whp whp whp! struck her behind as she moved along
and the bit dug into the corners of her soft mouth with her
heavy breasts bouncing. Her rider pulled on the underneath
rein as they moved forcing Gina to keep her knees wide apart
displaying her nether lips. Coming to a clearing she reined
Gina in and tied her to a small bush. Nearby was another
mare pulling a carriage and it drew close. Her Mistress
greeted the other driver and they started talking. She led
him over to Gina and invited him to inspect her. He lifted
and squeezed Gina's heavy luscious tits and stroked her
smooth behind, kneading and squeezing each cheek. Bending
his head as he lifted her tit he sucked strongly on her
nipple drawing her milk while Gina grew more and more
excited. Feeling between her legs he used his crop with a
snap snap ! across her ass and then felt between her legs
again.


Inserting a finger in her tight pussy he smiled as it came
away wet and wiped he it off on Gina's hair. He told her
Mistress he wanted to buy Gina for a milking mare and her
Mistress said she would consider it. She remounted Gina and
asked him to follow them back to the stables. Using her crop
across Gina's behind they were off as he got back into the
carriage and the mare arched her back and with a crack! of
the whip they followed Gina and her Mistress back to the
stables. Arriving at the stables her Mistress dismounted and
handed the reins to a groom who removed the saddle from her
and led her into the center of the stables. The man who was
Major Ottery came in and took Gina's reins and led her to a
low railing supported by several legs. Removing her bit and
bridle he bent her foward over the railing and tied her
reins to a hook. Grabbing her ankles he spread her legs wide
showing her shaven pussy and tied them to the legs of the
railing holding them wide open. Gina was bent over a railing
with her heavy tits hanging down and spread legs with her
ass upthrust in the air and her cunt wide open. Putting a
bucket underneath her hanging tits he grabbed her right tit
and squeezing it hard making Gina moan stretched her nipple
as milk came out and went into the basin below. Grabbing her
left breast as he finished with her right he filled the
bucket with her milk. Gina's heavy breasts were sore and red
from the rough handling but she was very wet between her
legs as she hung there bent over from the waist. Her
Mistress came over and Major Ottery said that she was a fine
milk mare and her Mistress agreed and he repeated his offer
to buy her and her Mistress said yes. Gina jerked in her
bonds when she heard this and started to moan and her
Mistress took her crop and with a whp! whp! whp! she hit
Gina across her behind making Gina cry as she told her to be
quiet. Major Ottery felt between Gina's legs and stroking
and kneading her soft behind inserted two fingers in her
tight pussy slowly moving them in and out while Gina started
to moan and gasp. Releasing her ankles from the railing with
her arms still bound behind her above her behind he snapped
a steel collar around her neck and handed her leash to a
groom.

End of Part 23




Part 24


The groom led her outside and tied her reins to the back of
a light carriage to which was harnessed another mare. Major
Ottery got in the carriage and cracked his whip on the
mare's behind and they were off with Gina forced to trot
behind. He set a fast pace and Gina was breathing heavily
and her full tits were bouncing and she was sweating by the
time they arrived at the Major's stables. Untying her reins
from the carriage he handed them to a groom telling him that
she was another milking mare and to lead her to a stall. The
groom took her reins and led Gina inside to a stall. Leading
her in she saw it had a low railing inside and some other
tack and saddles hanging on the wall and the floor was
covered with straw. He tied her reins to a hook in the wall
and turned Gina to face him. He lifted each of her heavy
full tits and squeezed them hard and stretched her nipples.
Feeling between her legs he inserted several fingers in her
tight pussy while she moaned softly. Turning her around he
stroked and kneaded her soft ass before roughly pulling her
cheeks wide and inserted a finger in her asshole making Gina
jerk in pain. Slapping her on her ass making her jump and
cry out he turned her to face him again as he ran his hands
down her flat stomach and stroked her shaven V and felt her
soft inner thighs and calves. Untying her reins from the
hook he led her to the railing and forced her to her knees.
Making Gina bend foward from the waist over the railing so
her full heavy breasts hung down and loose he bent and she
jerked as his hands forced her thighs wide apart and tied
her ankles to rings in the floor. Feeling in-between her
widespread thighs he lightly stroked her exposed pussy.
Putting a basin in front underneath her  hanging tits he
grabbed her left tit and squeezing it hard pulled on her
nipple until milk spurted. Directing the milk into the basin
he continued until there was no more milk in her left tit.
Grabbing her right breast he repeated the procedure while
she moaned and gasped in pain. Finishing milking her he went
behind her and Gina jerked and screamed in pain as he struck
her soft behind with a crop very hard.



Giving her 10 strokes as she jerked and cried in pain he
stopped and felt between her legs and shoved two fingers in
her pussy and moved them in and out while she groaned in
pain. Pinching her heavy breasts and pinching her nipples he
made Gina open her mouth and he forced in over her tongue a
huge penis shaped gag and buckled it tightly behind her head
and under her chin and then slapping her sore ass he left
locking the gate. Shortly the Major came in and told Gina
her milk was not satisfactory either in quality nor quantity
and they would have to change her diet and in the meantime
she would serve in the stables as a riding mare and in the
house as an entertainer and dancer. The Major had Gina stand
in front of him while a groom held her arms behind her back
and the Major felt and lifted each of her heavy large
luscious tits and squeezed her nipples very hard bringing
tears to Gina's eyes and making her moan over her gag.
Running his hands down over her flat stomach her forced her
knees apart and inserted two fingers in her tight pussy
while Gina moaned and began to squirm. Pinching her nipples
making her jerk in the grooms' grasp he handed him the
reins. The groom cuffed her arms behind her back and removed
the penis gag and lead her into the house using a crop
across her soft behind to make her move along. Turning her
over to a servant she was led away to be bathed and washed
and perfumed before being presented to her Master again. The
servant led her into a large room in the center of which was
a deep heated pool. There were several female servants
bathing and playing in the pool. The groom untied Gina and
removed her ankle and wrist cuffs and also her collar and
then indicated she should step into the pool. Gina did so
and was gently washed and bathed all over by two of the
females who wore tight leather collars. Her breasts were
bathed and perfumed as was her shaven V and perfume was
applied all over her body. Her nipples got red rouge touched
on and bright red lipstick was applied to her soft mouth.
Leading her out of the pool and laying her down on a nearby
bench her V was reshaved as well as her armpits. Perfume oil
was massaged all over her soft body and inside her tight
pussy.


Turning her over they kneaded and stroked her soft ass and
massaged the oil deep in  between her cheeks and Gina jerked
a little as some fingers inserted themselves inside her
asshole. Standing her up a tight leather collar was buckled
securely around her slim neck. Dressing her in a velvet
bolero top and sheer gauzy pantaloons they led her to meet
her Master. Leading her into another room one of them
whispered in Gina's ear she should kneel and show her Master
the proper respect. Gina sank to her knees in front of the
Major and bowed low with her head touching the floor and
then knelt upright and clasped her hands at the back of her
neck and kept her eyes towards the floor as she slowly
spread her thighs wide. The Major indicated she should stand
up. Gina did so and her Master told her to dance for him.
The Major was sitting on some cushions with other female
slaves lounging around him. The musicians started to play
some exotic music and Gina started to move her hips from
side to side and gyrate her belly and ass with her hands
over her head. As the music picked up pace and Gina danced
faster and faster she started to get more and more excited
and the sweat started to build up and the gauzy pantaloons
stuck to her body outlining clearly her shaven V and long
shapely legs. When she bent low in front of him her top
popped open exposing her heavy full tits to his gaze and he
indicated she should take it off. Gina slipped it off over
her shoulders and continued to dance. Her heavy lush tits
with their rapidly hardening nipples were fully exposed and
her Master indicated she should take the pants off and Gina
slipped them down her long legs and stood in front of them
completely naked and clasped her hands at the back of her
neck and spread her legs clearly showing her shaven V and
tight pussy and continued to dance. When the music ended
Gina sank to her knees and bowed with her head touching the
floor in front of the Major and then knelt sitting on her
heels as she spread her thighs wide showing her open wet
pussy. Her heavy tits with their now erect nipples moved
rapidly up and down with her breathing showing her
excitement.



Gina moved her hands down her flat stomach and spread her
pussy lips wide showing him her inner pinkness and she moved
her hands back up and gently cupped her full heavy tits and
pulled her nipples showing how aroused she was and then
bowed her head to the floor again as she awaited her
Master's command. He told her to continue to dance and Gina
started to dance again and gyrate her hips and her full
heavy tits swayed from side to side and she slowly turned
away from him and bent foward with her heavy tits dangling
and spread her legs as she slowly reached back between her
legs and parted her pussy lips and inserted a finger in her
herself and moved it in and out while seductively smiling at
him. Turning to face him while on her knees Gina swayed her
hips from side to side with her widespread thighs and cupped
her tits offering them to the Major while showing her
excitement and open pussy to him. She leaned back and with
her widespread thighs slowly inserted two fingers inside her
tight cunt and pulled them out and moved them slowly up her
flat stomach and traced her nipples and then opened her
mouth to lick them off. The Major told her to lie on her
back on some nearby cushions and when Gina did so with her
legs spread wide he went over to her and kneeling between
her thighs forced his cock against her pussy lips which
slowly spread and she moaned in pleasure as he forced in her
tight passage. Bending his head to lick and suck on her
large heavy tits and nipples he slowly fucked her and
reached underneath her with one hand to grip her behind and
squeeze and knead her cheeks while she bucked and moaned
underneath him and thrust her hips up in time with his
foward motions. Biting her nipples making Gina squeal in
pleasure he started to cum and Gina unable to hold back her
orgasm any longer started to cum again and again as she
moaned and bucked beneath him. Pulling out he made her kneel
and clean him off with her mouth and then Gina bowed her
head to the floor with her heavy tits dangling as she
awaited his next command. She was flushed bright red and
breathing heavily and her erect nipples glistened with her
sweat.



He summoned some servants who led her out and cleaned her up
and then they put some leather cuffs tightly around each of
her wrists and forcing her arms behind her back clipped them
together making Gina thrust her heavy luscious tits out as
they started to quiver. Snapping a leash to her collar they
handed it to a nearby groom who led Gina stumbling down a
corridor to an empty stall. He used his crop several times
across her soft ass making her jerk as they moved down the
corridor. Entering her stall he tied her leash to a ring and
forced her to her knees. Making Gina get on all fours he
spread her thighs and forced his cock in her tight pussy and
reached underneath her to pinch her dangling tits and erect
nipples. Pinching her clit making her squeal just as he came
she started to tremble as her orgasm hit her and he pulled
out and wiped himself off on her soft behind and then turned
and left locking the gate.  During the next few months
Gina's blonde cunt hair was allowed to grow back and she
served the Major her Master as one of his personal servants
and dancing girls. From time to time she was led into the
stables and saddled and ridden and every morning she was
tied and bent over a low railing and her large heavy tits
were milked as she moaned and squirmed until the basin was
filled. Her tits were sore and red streaked and her nipples
elongated from the milking afterwards. Several times the
Major put her on display for his friends and had her pull
light carriages. Most of the time she spent inside
entertaining the Major's guests. She was taught how to dance
seductively for them, slowly stripping and grinding her hips
and spreading her legs showing her pussy and offering her
large heavy tits with their erect nipples. A routine of
morning discipline was followed with Gina being bent over
grasping her ankles with widespread legs while a cane was
used on her bottom repeatedly until she orgasmed. After a
few weeks it didn't take more than a few strokes of either
the cane or whip across her soft bottom before she orgasmed
with the juices dripping down her soft inner thighs as she
collapsed in ecstasy and made to kiss the cane thanking her
Master for punishing her.


Gina was also ridden every afternoon by her Mistress and at
least once a week driven in a light carriage by the Major.
She began to look foward to the ride with the Major since he
always reined her to a halt about halfway and tied her to a
bush and sucked on her nipples drawing her milk while he
fingered her cunt. Her daily ride with her Mistress didn't
please Gina as much as with the Major. Her Mistress always
used the crop across her soft behind and pulled and jerked
cruelly on her reins digging the bit deeper into her mouth.
Gina particularly didn't relish being put on display for
other Mistress while her tits and ass were stroked and
fondled by other women, however she followed her training
and was submissive during such ministrations. When she was
given to one his guests for their pleasure Gina tried to
enjoy her rough handling and most times succeeded. She would
dance for them and slowly strip her pantaloons over her long
legs and unbutton her tight bolero top and spread her legs
showing her dripping pussy and sit in their laps as they
sucked eagerly on her tits and nipples while fingering her
cunt and stroking her smooth soft ass. One man had her bend
over and grab her ankles and he came around behind her and
forced her knees apart as he grabbed her cheeks and spread
them and Gina grunted as his huge cock forced its way in her
tender asshole. She moaned and cried in pain as he began a
brutal in and out movement while reaching in front to grab
her tits and squeeze her nipples painfully. Gina started to
get more and more excited and bucked her ass back towards
him with each of his thrusts and he slid his hands down her
smooth stomach to play with her clit and tease it into
erectness and pull on her cunt hair.  She suddenly stiffened
as his hands tightened their grip painfully on her large
breasts as she felt his knees stiffen while his cock spurted
load after load of hot cream deep inside her ass. Slapping
her hard on her sore ass making her jerk he pulled out and
she slumped on the cushions exhausted with her legs splayed
showing her open pussy and the cum dripping down between the
cheeks of her ass while her nipples were standing erect with
her excitement.


The Major summoned some servants who led Gina away and
bathed and perfumed her anew and then dressed her in another
tight bolero top and sheer pants and led her back to her
Master. Gina bowed low in front of the Major and her tits
popped out from the tight top and she started to put them
back in when the Major indicated she should leave her top
unbuttoned. Gina did so and her tits with their erect
nipples pushed it wide open as she sat there on the cushions
watching a dancer go thru an erotic strip-tease for the
other guests as the music continued. One of the other girls,
a readhead was sitting on the lap of another guest while he
sucked on her nipples and had his hand between her legs. A
guest motioned for Gina to come over to him and she rose and
slowly walked over to him he pulled her into his lap and
eagerly opened her tight bolero top to cup and play with her
large luscious tits. He bent his head to suck on Gina's
erect nipples while his other hand toyed with her cunt. He
lifted her up and slid her pants down her legs and slipped
her bolero top off over her shoulders so she was sitting
completely naked on his lap. Stroking her blonde cunt hair
he spread her legs and pushed a finger inside her tight
pussy while she squirmed on his lap. Continuing to suck on
her nipples and squeeze her tits he had her kneel on all
fours while he went behind her and forced her thighs wide
apart spreading her knees showing her open excited pussy
with her tits dangling. Gina felt his cock push apart her
cunt lips and she moaned as it forced its way inside and he
reached underneath to grab her dangling tits and squeeze and
pinch her nipples while he began a slow in and out movement
fucking her. Playing with Gina's clit as he fucked her she
felt herself grow more and more excited as he brutally
fucked her and pinched her erect nipples. Cumming just as
she reached her peak he pulled out and had her kneel in
front of him and suck his cock clean. Then he had Gina kneel
facing the Major with her knees spread wide showing her
dripping pussy to all while he had her clasp her arms behind
her neck kneeling erect as he lifted and squeezed her heavy
tits displaying them and their erect nipples with her chest
red and scarlet from her orgasm. Two grooms grabbed Gina by
her arms and led her stumbling out of the room. Gina was
bathed and perfumed anew in the heated pool and her collar
and ankle and wrist cuffs were attached again to her limbs
and buckled tightly. Snapping a leash to a ring on her
collar and forcing her arms behind her thrusting out her
heavy heaving tits they led her down the corridor and out
into the stables. Reaching the stable's entrance the groom
used a crop across Gina's soft behind making her cry as he
led her back to her stall. Opening the gate he forced her
inside and tied her leash to a ring in the floor locking its
end securely. Feeling between her splayed legs as she lay
there on the straw and pinching her nipples he left leaving
her there moaning to herself in the darkness. Early the next
morning Gina's stall gate opened and a groom entered. He
made Gina open her mouth to accept the steel bit which he
buckled tightly around her head and under her chin.
Strapping a harness around her chest her full tits swung
loose as he forced her wrists behind her and locked them to
the rear of the harness above her soft ass. Leading her out
Gina saw that there were other pony girls in the stable,
some with saddles waiting to be ridden and others being
milked. The grooms moved amongst them sometimes using a crop
across some white behinds or adjusting stirrups and reins.
Some pony girls had bells or glitter attached to their tits
which swung with their movements and others had tail
attachments which swished as they were led out into the
corral. The groom led Gina over to a railing and bent her
foward over it with her heavy breasts dangling down and
clipped her leash to a hook in the floor so she couldn't
rise and went behind her and forced her knees wide showing
her open pussy. Putting a basin underneath her tits he
grasped her left tit at its base and squeezed and pulled on
her nipple directing the stream of milk into the basing
below. He did the same to her right tit and then felt
between her legs and as his fingers came away wet he laughed
and told her to stop getting so excited. Releasing her leash
from the hook in the floor he led her over to some tack and
put a girth belt tightly around her waist and buckled it
securely. Gina grunted as he then put a heavy leather saddle
over her shoulders and tightened its straps around her waist
and upper chest.


Picking up her reins he led her out into the corral as her
buttocks swayed and moved sexily under the saddle as she
walked out. Holding her reins Gina saw a woman approach and
take the reins from the groom and he helped her into Gina's
saddle. Gina moaned as the woman's weight settled on her
back and the woman adjusted her feet in the stirrups and
then Gina felt the crop strike her behind very hard as the
woman pulled on her reins as they started her mornings ride.
Gina's rider pulled on the reins attached to the bit in her
mouth and guided her around the paddock. Gina's full tits
swung and bounced with each step she took and her buttocks
were streaked with the crop as she was pulled to a halt and
breathing heavily. The woman dismounted and tied her reins
to a nearby post and gently stroked Gina's behind and soft
thighs as she calmed her down. Gina suddenly startled as a
group of people approached and the woman invited them to
examine her. Gina's full luscious heavy tits were lifted and
squeezed and her thighs were stroked and her behind patted
and she jerked as she felt hands grab the cheeks of her ass
and pull them roughly apart exposing her asshole. she
started to tremble as her knees and thighs were forced wide
apart and a finger was inserted in her shaven cunt and
another finger roughly shoved in her asshole. She bit down
on her bit in frustration since tied and harnessed as she
was tightly above the waist there was nothing she could do.
One of the women asked if she could taste her milk and
Gina's rider nodded yes. Gina's left tit was lifted and the
woman bent her head and sucked her nipple into her mouth
drawing steadily on it. She lifted her head for a moment and
remarked how delightful a a drink it was and then bent her
head back down to continue to suck on Gina's nipple until
she had her fill. Gina felt weak in the knees and started to
get wet between her legs and very excited in spite of
herself. Her rider felt between Gina's legs and remarked
that Gina would be punished later for that and then put her
foot in the stirrups and remounted Gina and with a SNAP! of
the crop across Gina's red behind they were off back to the
stables.



As they approached the stables a groom came out and her
rider dismounted and handed the reins to the groom and told
him that after she was fed that she was to be punished. The
groom led her back to stable and removed the saddle and
girth belt from Gina and then using a crop on her behind
making her jump forced her back to her stall where he tied
her reins to a ring high in the wall making Gina stand on
tiptoes and then left her saying he would return in a moment
with her feed.
Her groom returned with her feed bag and after watching her
eat and watering her he removed her bit and bridle but not
Gina's tight harness and snapped a leash on her collar after
first hobbling her ankles. Jerking her along the aisle Gina
stumbled and he used the crop on her soft ass and heavy tits
making her moan in pain and move along. Her ass and tits
were streaked and sweaty when they reached the punishment
room. Leading her inside the groom tied her reins to a hook
in the wall making her stand on tiptoes as he decided how to
punsih her for cumming without permission. Finally he
removed her harness and attached her to a St. Andrews cross
with straps holding her arms above her head and her legs
wide spread her body was held in the shape of an X  but
facing away from him so her ass was upthrust and her nether
lips glistening with her moisture were clearly exposed.
Going in front of her he pinched her nipples and twisted
them cruelly until she opened her mouth and he forced in
over her teeth a huge ball gag which made a popping sound as
it settled in her mouth making her cheeks bulge and he
buckled it tightly behind her head and tightened the chin
strap before blindfolding her. Gina yowled over her gag as
he lifted her left tit and attached an alligator clamp to
her nipple and tightened the screw clamping it down. He did
the same to her other tit and her body shook in the cross as
she strained in her bonds from the pain. Stroking her soft
smooth upthrust behind he picked up a wicked looking cat-of-
nine tails and began to whip Gina very hard. He gave her 30
strokes across her soft ass and when the tips of the whip
curled around her legs and bit her shaven cunt she cried and
moaned in her tight bonds.

End of Part 24




Part 25

Her soft ass and most of her back and her nipples and tits
were streaked and red from the lash and she almost sagged
limply in her bonds as he released her from the cross. Not
letting her sink to the floor he made her kneel in front of
him with her arms crossed behind her back and kiss the whip
and thank him for punishing her.
Then he pulled Gina to her feet and clipped her wrists
together behind her back as he released the ball gag from
her mouth and snapped the leash on her collar again as he
hobbled her feet and dragged her stumbling back to her
stall. Gina was feeling fairly excited with all she had bee
thru so far but was still not completely resigned to her
position even though she had asked for the experience. She
had initially expected it to somewhat of a one-time
adventure which she could stop when she wished. When it
turned out not to be so she regretted that but took some
pleasure in her training and she was beginning to look
foward to more training and the pleasure that accompanied it
even though there was pain involved. She was slowly becoming
resigned to the pain and shortly would equate pain with
pleasure. She had already learned that unless she was
obedient she was punished and that if she was obedient she
had some pleasureable experience that followed. She tried to
be more obedient but it was difficult, she would find that
as her training progressed it would get easier and that
submitting her will to that of her Mster or Mistress by
being obedient she would receive pleasure. The next stage
for Gina would be when she would find herself looking foward
to pleasing her Master or Mistress because of the pleasure
and then beyound that looking only to please them regardless
and finally to only please her Master or Mistress however
they might wish including being sold or lent to another
Master or Mistress or being put on display or even being
punished because that was what her Master or Mistress might
wish. For now she was only at the beginning of her training
and her resentment and spirit still needed to be subdued and
she needed to be more obedient and the daily punishments
were conditioning her towards that, although she did not
realize this.


                              
                         CHAPTER 12
                     MARGARET'S NEW LIFE

As her new Master led Margaret completely naked down the
hall towards his car dragging her leash making her  stumble
since her feet were hobbled Margaret grew more and more
excited. She was thinking to herself that finally she had
been fulfilled, she wanted to please her Master and now she
was, she had wanted to be sold
and she brought a very high price. Margaret hoped she could
please her new Master as either a pony girl since that was
what she had been trained for or whatever way he desired.
Coming to the waiting car he turned to Margaret and opening
the door made her crawl in on her hands and knees. Margaret
did so and he told her to kneel on the floor and put her
head down to the carpet and not move. She did so and then a
light blanket was thrown over her as she felt the car move
along. The car actually was a large limousine and shortly ,
after about 20 minutes she felt the blanket removed and her
Master told her to kneel upright. He released her hands from
behind her back and unhobbled her feet and told her to clasp
her hands at her neck and when she did so he pulled back on
her elbows making her heavy luscious tits thrust out
prominently. Margaret's nipples had hardened and clearly
showed her excitement as he used his shoes to spread her
thighs showing her red cunt hair and moist cunt lips to his
gaze.

He told her to stay like that and not speak unless she was
given permission to do otherwise and he settled back in his
seat and relaxed. Margaret was very excited and her pussy
was growing wetter and wetter and the position her arms were
in arching her back thrust out her tits which started to
quiver with their hard nipples. She was kneeling down in
this position next to the seat on which her Master sat and
he idly reached down and started to fondle her heavy breasts
and gently pinch and pull on her nipples making Margaret
squirm in pleasure. He squeezed her breasts very hard
suddenly as he cruelly pinched her erect nipple making
Margaret groan but she did not move out of position.
                              
Margaret started to moan and squirm in pleasure as he
kneaded and squeezed her tits and she started to get hotter
in her pussy as the limo moved along. Her Master made her
bend her head to the carpet and face away from him so her
soft behind was upthrust. She assumed the position and
jerked as he suddenly forced her knees wide apart exposing
her cunt and pushed a finger inside her tight pussy. As he
moved it slowly in and out Margaret started to grind her
hips back towards his hand. He had Margaret turn around and
kneel erect in front of him and he grabbed her arms and
gripping her soft behind lifted her into his lap forcing her
knees wide apart as he forced his stiff cock into her tight
pussy. She moaned in pleasure as it pushed in past her outer
lips and buried itself in her tight hole to the hilt. She
was kneeling on lap impaled on his stiff cock as he bent his
head and sucked on her large tits and nipples. He grabbed
her soft ass and moved her up and down his hard cock as she
grabbed his neck as he fucked her. She bucked and moaned in
time with his thrusts and started to cum just as he did and
she was so excited that his cum mingled with her own started
to drip on the limo's carpeting. Picking her up off of his
cock he made her kneel in front of him and open her mouth
and use her tongue to clean him off. Margaret eagerly did so
and while she licked and sucked his cock it grew erect and
hard again and she eagerly took it deep down her throat as
he gripped her head and she deep throated and sucked him.
She eagerly gulped down and swallowed every drop as he came.
Sitting back on her heels she obeyed her Master as he told
her to put her head to the carpeting again and a soft
blanket was thrown over her. Shortly the limo stopped and
the blanket was removed from Margaret. Her Master snapped a
high leather collar around her slim neck and putting steel
cuffs around her wrists locked them together behind her back
making her thrust her heavy breasts out with their erect
nipples. He attached steel manacles to her ankles and linked
them with a short chain hobbling her feet and opened the
door. He made Margaret completely naked get out of the limo
and she stumbled due to her bound feet and arms.


She saw they were parked in front of a huge ranch type house
next to it was a paddock and behind that a stable. Some
naked mares and studs were running free in the paddock with
their arms bound behind their backs.
Grabbing her bound arms and pulling on her leash he made
Margaret follow him down the road towards the stables. As
they moved along her bare feet kicked up some dirt on the
dusty path as he used a crop across her soft behind making
Margaret cry out. Her tits bounced and jiggled as he forced
her foward. Margaret started to turn red in embarrassment as
they neared the stable since she was completely naked and
her heavy tits and red cunt hair could clearly be seen as
well as  her soft ass bearing three bright red stripes when
they reached the stables and he handed her leash to a groom.
Her Master told the groom she was a new pony girl and needed
to trained further. He turned and left as the groom jerking
on her leash dragged Margaret into the stables. The groom
led her inside the stables and stopped in front of an empty
stall. Opening the gate he forced Margaret inside and closed
the gate. Releasing her hobbled ankles he then removed the
leash from her collar. Margaret was trembling but she
followed her training and sank to her knees and sat on her
heels. With her arms behind her back this thrust out her
heavy full tits with their hard nipples as she parted her
knees showing her cunt and bright red hair to his gaze.
Margaret then slowly bent and put her head to the floor and
awaited his command. The groom told her to kneel erect and
as Margaret did so as her full tits started to quiver. He
told her to stand up and as she did so his hands came
between her legs from behind forced her knees apart as he
made her to bend over towards her ankles. Margaret's her
cunt lips slowly spread open revealing her inner moistness
and pinkness to his eyes as her tits with their nipples
brushed the rough straw on the floor. She stiffened as she
felt him push three fingers in her tight cunt and then knead
and cup and squeeze the cheeks of her soft behind.
                              
                              



He had Margaret stand up and turn around and face him again
and stand with her legs apart. He made her open her mouth
and he inspected her teeth and then he slowly ran his hands
down her front and cupped and weighed and squeezed her full
luscious tits and pulled on her nipples. Running his hand
down over her flat stomach he pulled and stroked her red
cunt hair before having her turn so he could see her ass.
She felt his hands grab and knead her cheeks and she
stiffened as he pulled them wide apart exposing her asshole.
She grunted as he forced a finger inside her tight asshole
making her cry out.

Pulling his finger out of her asshole he then had Margaret
kneel down and he snapped a tight steel collar around her
slim neck. Pulling her to her feet he put similar manacles
on her ankles and wrists and locked them tightly. Releasing
her the link holding her wrists together he forced her arms
behind her as he put a leather harness around her chest and
locked her wrists behind her back cuffing her hands to
opposite elbows making her thrust her full breasts out. Her
heavy tits started to quiver as they swung free in her tight
harness and Margaret's nipples started to harden. Putting a
bridle over her head he made Margaret open her mouth as he
forced in over her teeth and tongue
and then he buckled the straps along her cheeks and over
head very tight. Adjusting the chin strap he made Margaret
bite down on the steel bit in her mouth before he buckled it
tightly closed. Attaching some reins to her bridle he then
threaded them thru a ring high on the wall and pulled on
them forcing Margaret to the tips of her toes. Bending he
grabbed her ankles and spreading her knees cuffed them to
hooks in the floor holding her legs painfully wide open.
Taking a brush and some soap and water from a bucket he then
lathered her soft V and armpits. Using a straight razor and
warning her not to move he then shaved her V completely and
also her armpits and then as he toweled the foam off
Margaret looked down and her pouting nether lips and shaven
V could clearly be seen. Putting a hand between her legs and
cupping her cunt he remarked that she probably needed to be
shaved daily.

Margaret was bound in a tight harness from her waist upwards
holding her arms behind her back above her soft behind and
her full luscious tits swung free. The cheeks of her soft
ass were clearly visible as was her shaven V and cunt lips.
Her bridle had straps which ran along her cheeks and buckled
behind her head over her long red hair and the strap
underneath her chin forced her to bite down on the steel bit
tightly forced in her mouth. As she moved her luscious tits
bounced and swung free and loose and thru the cheeks of her
soft behind which swayed her nether lips could be seen as
she moved her legs around. Feeling between her legs he
remarked how wet she was becoming before he pinched her
nipple making Margaret jerk. He cupped her right breast and
squeezed it hard bringing tears to her eyes before releasing
it. She was breathing heavily as he adjusted her reins and
he forced her knees apart and put the underneath rein thru
her legs pulling upwards on it as it went between the cheeks
of her behind so it rubbed against her cunt lips before
tying it to a ring on her harness. Reaching for her left
breast he gripped it at its base and squeezed hard on it
while pulling on her nipple as he bent his head and sucked
strongly on it. Lifting his head he told her that she also
needed to be milked daily. Making Margaret bend foward over
a low railing he forced her legs wide apart and tied her
ankles. Clipping a chain to her collar her head was held
tightly down as her full heavy tits dangled. Picking up a
cane he gave her 5 strokes across her behind and she jerked
and winced with each stroke. Her soft behind was forming 5
red weals as he released her ankles and reins from the hooks
and attached a chain to her collar and locked the other end
to a ring in the floor so she had to lie down and couldn't
stand up and then left locking the gate.

Early the next morning another groom opened her stall and
released her from the floor ring. Her heavy luscious tits
bounced as she stood erect before him.





Running his hands up over her flat stomach he weighed and
cupped her luscious tits before bending her over the low
railing and tying her down. Proceeding to milk her he
squeezed and pulled on her tits and nipples until the bucket
was filled with her milk and her tits were sore and red.
Releasing her so Margaret could stand up he put some heavy
leather straps over her shoulders and a girth belt securely
around her waist and then lifted a heavy leather saddle onto
her back and strapped it tightly to her and adjusted its
stirrups. Picking up her reins he led her out into the
corral with her buttocks swaying up and down and her full
heavy tits bouncing. He held her reins and ran the
underneath rein thru her legs just touching her cunt lips as
he helped her rider into the saddle. Margaret groaned as her
Mistress's weight settled in on the small of her back and
then her Mistress pulled back on her reins forcing
Margaret's head back thrusting out her tits and ass as she
used crop on the left cheek of her soft behiond. Margaret
jerked and started to move foward. Her rider used the crop
and made her high step and keep her knees wide apart as they
moved along. Margaret's Mistress pulled steadily on the
underneath rein making Margaret keep her legs wide as she
trotted around the corral. Margaret's full heavy tits were
bouncing up and down and she was breathing heavily and
slavering over her bit as her rider pulled her to a halt
near a post and dismounting hitched her to it. Stroking her
soft behind and gently cupping her quivering tits and gently
pulling on Margaret's nipples
she felt between Margaret's legs and nodded to herself in
satisfaction as her fingers came away wet. Bending her head
she sucked strongly on Margaret's nipple and Margaret felt
herself grow weak in the knees as a flush of satisfaction
went thru her that she had pleased her Mistress. She was
beginning to feel the desire to please her Master or
Mistress for the sake of pleasing them and the pleasure that
followed. The next stage would be where she would want
nothing else but to please them regardless of whatever they
might wish and heedless of her own pleasure.



She would also feel the desire to be sold and be punished as
time went on and she was getting used to being naked most of
the time and having to sexually service the grooms, her
Master or Mistress's guests as well as themselves. While
Margaret had been sold several times already and would be
again after she finished her training she did NOT know
Karen, Annabelle,Sylvia,Tina,Angela and Gina and Maria were
all on the island with her and were being trained as she
was, to be pony girls with the exception of Maria.
They were in various stables and stages of training and they
were traded and sold amongst the Sheik's associates and new
girls were constantly being accquired and broken and
trained.

Her Mistress motioned to a groom who came over and removed
the saddle and straps from Margaret and attached a wide
girth belt around her waist. Margaret had to breathe in
before he buckled it closed. Backing her between the shafts
of a small carriage he clipped the rings on Margaret's belt
to it and adjusted a bearing rein pulling Margaret's head
back. Her tits started to quiver and shake as she stood
there with her feet together showing her shaven V as she saw
her Mistress get in the carriage and pick up a short riding
whip. The lovely mare followed her training and arched her
back keeping her legs together showing her nether lips as
she awaited the stroke of the whip as her lusicous tits
dangled slightly sexily. With a SNAP! of the whip across her
soft behind making her start foward she began to pull the
carriage around the corral high stepping and keeping her
knees wide apart with each step clearly showing her shaven
cunt.

Her Mistress used the whip to cruelly stripe Margaret's soft
behind as they went around the corral to make her high step.
Shortly she reined Margaret in and handed the reins to a
groom who led Margaret back into the stables and her stall.
Opening the gate he led her inside and hosed her down after
removing her bridle and harness.



Feeding and watering her he told her to get some rest since
later that afternoon she would be in a race against several
other pony girls pulling carriages and there were several
guests whom her Mistress desired to show her off to.

The groom told her if she won she would be permitted to
spend the night in the house rather than her stall and if
she lost she would be severely whipped. Later that afternoon
a groom entered Margaret's stall and told her to turn
around. He attached her harness binding her arms behind her
above her ass and then had her bend over with her legs
spread wide apart. Margaret jerked as she felt his hands
pull her ass cheeks wide apart exposing her asshole and then
she suddenly jerked and moaned in pain as he forced in her
tight behind a huge feather like tail. Using his crop to
make her relax her ass so it could go in Margaret cried with
each stroke until he shoved it in brutally hard at the end
and its retaining ring popped in past her sphincter so she
couldn't force it out. Putting a bridle over her head he
made her open her mouth and forced in over her tongue a huge
ball gall which made her cheeks bulge. Tightening the straps
under her chin and alongside her cheeks it dug into the
corners of her soft mouth and Margaret started to moan. He
lifted her left tit and squeezing and stretching her nipple
suddenly clamped it with a cruel alligator clamp as Margaret
tried to cry out over her gag. He did the same to her other
breast and she sobbed anew in pain as the jaws bit on her
tender nipple. Margaret's full heavy tits started to quiver
as he connected the alligator clamps with a short length of
light chain which hung down and dangled between her full
tits. He applied some glitter to her heavy breasts and
stretched her sore nipples so they twinkled with light as
they swayed and bounced and rubbed some sweet smelling oil
on her soft behind so her skin shone and glistened. He
applied some red lipstick to her lips and stepped back to
inspect his work. Apparently satisfied he picked up her
reins he made her walk out of the stall stinging her soft
ass cheeks with a crop as her soft behind swayed and the
colorful tail swished with each step she took. He led her
into the corral and backed her between the shafts of a small
light carriage and snapped her girth belt rings to the
shafts holding her tightly in place.

End of Part 25




Part 26

He attached a bearing rein to her bridle and pulled her head
back and Margaret was forced to thrust her quivering tits
and ass out until he was satisfied and tied the end of the
rein to a hook holding her head in place. She stood with her
legs together ,her back arched thrusting out her soft behind
and luscious quivering tits clearly showing her shaven V and
her nether lips between.  Leading her by the reins he made
her pull the carriage as he led her onto the race track.

Entering the track Margaret saw as he led her to the
starting line that there were 2 other pony girls harnessed
as she was to light carriages. Both had colorful plummage
like tails and their tits had bells and glitter applied and
their heads were pulled back tightly by bearing reins.
Leading her over to them he held Margaret's reins until she
felt her rider enter the carriage. The groom handed him her
reins including the underneath rein which he adjusted so it
just touched her shaven cunt lips. Margaret also saw that
there were about 20 other spectators sitting around the
track including about 6 or 7 women. Margaret stiffened and
jerked and started as she felt the sting of the whip across
her soft behind and her rider used the whip across her soft
ass to make her move faster. He pulled on the underneath
rein making her show her shaven V and cunt with each step
she took and her heavy tits were bouncing and swaying about
as she pulled the carriage. Margaret was sweating and
breathing heavily as she ran around the track to the delight
and cheering of the spectators. The other ponies kept a fast
pace with her as they went around the track and suddenly
near the end a blonde haired pony girl on Margaret's right
put on a last minute burst of speed and beat her across the
finish line. Her rider reined her in and hitched her to a
nearby post and berated her for losing the race and told
Margaret she was going to be punished for losing by a severe
whipping which she would get in front of the other mares in
the stable. The blond pony girl was already receiving her
reward for winning the race and was being led into the house
for the night.




Margaret's groom led her towards the stables stopping
outside to unthitch her from the carriage and remove her
girth belt. Forcing her to bend over he roughly yanked the
tail from her sore red striped ass and pulled her by her
reins inside. Leading her to her stall he opened the gate
and slapped her sore ass making her jump in pain as he
dragged her inside. Tying her reins to a ring he removed her
bridle and the steel bit from her mouth and removed her
harness. Putting steel cuffs tightly around her wrists and
ankles and locking them tightly on twisted her arms behind
her and clipped her wrists together making her full tits
quiver as they were thrust out prominently. Lifting her hair
he locked around her neck very tightly a large heavy steel
collar with a ring on its front. The collar was so tight not
even a finger could be inserted between it and her soft
neck. Snapping a leash to the ring on her collar he led
Margaret completely naked stumbling out of her stall and
towards the center of the stables. Margaret could see as
they came near the center that there was a large steel
triangle with chains dangling from its three corners and
some sort of railing or center horizontal bar with some
rings at its center and ends. Leading her towards it and
stopping he made Margaret mount the steps to the platform
and then unlocked her wrists from behind her back and
pulling locked her cuffs to the top center of the triangle
making her stand on the balls of her feet stretching her
body out. Bending he grabbed her ankles and forcing her
knees wide apart he cuffed her ankles to the lower opposite
ends of the triangle holding her legs painfully wide open
about a foot. Margaret started to tremble in her tight
bondage and her tits started to quiver and shake as the
strain on her muscles and legs showed the tension of the
chains and straps holding her in place. She was very much
aware that the other mares who had gathered about could
clearly see her shaven V and open cunt lips and quivering
tits and she started to blush. She felt the grooms fingers
spreading and holding wide open her cunt lips displaying her
inner pinkness and then jerked in her tight bonds as a huge
dildo was twisted and shoved in her tight pussy.



She sobbed and moaned as it was forced all the way inside
her and she was crying at the end as the ring at its end
bumped against her pussy lips for all to see.
Feeling her back and running his hands over her soft behind
and squeezing her cheeks he brought his other hand in front
and cupping her heavy tits pulled on her nipples twisting
them and then pinched them very hard hard bringing tears to
Margaret's eyes as she jerked in pain. Picking up a cat-o-
nine tails he began to whip her. The thongs of the lash
struck her back and the tips curled around her waist to
sting her nipples cruelly and she jerked and moaned. The
thongs left bright red marks as they came away from her
tense bound body and when the tips found her wide open cunt
lips and stung her there she jerked in her bonds straining
against them as she cried out loudly. Margaret was crying
and sobbing in pain and embarrassment showing her shaven V
and cunt the other mares as she hung there on the triangle
and the whipping continued. She received over 25 strokes and
her soft behind was covered with bright red stripes some of
which had started to break into welts and her tits were red
as well and her nipples stung terribly. Margaret was
breathing heavily and sweating as she was finally let down
from the triangle and her hands were recuffed behind her
tightly and her ankles were hobbled. A chain leash was
snapped to her collar and she was dragged completely naked
back to her stall jumping and crying in pain as the groom
used a crop across her soft behind making her move along.
Opening her stall the groom pulled her inside and tied her
reins to a hook in the wall and then pinching her sore
breasts and pulling on her nipples made Margaret open her
mouth and he forced in a huge penis shaped gag which he
buckled securely under her chin and behind her head before
blindfolding her and then left leaving her there hanging on
the wall moaning and sobbing in pain over her gag. The next
day early in the morning a groom came by her stall and
released her reins from the hook and removed the gag and
blindfold and warning her not to move began to shave her V
and legs.


Scrapping off the stubble he wiped the foam from her and
then took some sweet smelling oil and began to rub it inot
her body. He rubbed it on her legs and into the cheeks of
her soft behind and lifting her heavy tits applied some of
it underneath them. Holding her left breast in his hand he
applied glitter to it and did the same to her right breast
before pulling her nipple and attaching a small alligator
clamp. Margaret howled in pain as he did the same to her
right breast as he attached a small chain connecting the two
together. Making her open her mouth he inserted the steel
bit and buckled it securely under her chin and over her long
hair. Checking her harness to be sure her full tits swung
free and her arms securely cuffed behind her he attached
reins to the bridle and led her outside into the aisle.
Leading her to the tack room he stopped outside and put some
heavy leather straps over her shoulders and around her waist
before he lifted a heavy leather saddle and clipped it
tightly to the thick leather on her shoulders. Tightening
the girth belt and adjusting the stirrups he forced her
knees wide showing her shaven cunt and ran the underneath
rein between her legs attaching its end to the saddle's
pommel as it lightly touched her cunt lips making her
squirm. Taking her reins he led her into the corral for her
morning's ride. Holding her by the bridle's reins he
assisted her Mistress into the saddle and handed her
Mistress the reins. Pulling on the reins as she settled into
the saddle Margaret grunted when the underneath rein
tightened making her spread her legs wider as she stood
there waiting for the stroke of the crop across her soft
behind to begin her ride. The groom checked her bridle by
tightening and adjusting its straps around her head and
especially the straps crossing her cheeks and under her
chin. The strap going underneath her chin her pulled and
tightened until it was very tight and the bit dug into the
corners of her mouth. Lifting her left breast he squeezed it
checking to make sure the glitter was not coming off and her
nipple was securely held by the alligator clamp. He felt her
smooth flat stomach and stroked her shaven V and then gently
patted her soft behind before nodding to her rider.


Margaret then felt the crop hit her right ass cheek and she
started to move foward with her right foot. She high stepped
keeping her knees high up and her thighs wide apart as she
moved faster and faster and went in the direction her reins
were pulled in by her rider as her heavy tits bounced and
glittered and thru her spread legs her shaven V and cunt
could be seen. The cheeks of her soft behind moved up and
down as she moved and the crop struck each cheek alternately
making sure of her pacing. Her rider guided her down the
trail and towards the lake. Margaret jerked with each stroke
of the crop on her behind and moved quickly along the trail
following her training and submitting her will to her rider.

When her rider reined her in near the edge of the lake and
tethered her to a small bush Margaret was feeling satisfied
that she had pleased her Mistress. Dismounting her Mistress
gently stroked her behind and thighs which were streaked
angry red from the crop and bent her head to suck on one of
Margaret's large luscious tits. As she did so Margaret felt
a strong sensation of pleasure and her satisfaction that she
was pleasing her Mistress as well as her training lessons
were reinforced. Her Mistress told her that shortly she
would be bred with a stud she had selected for her. Margaret
startled jerked in her tight bondage when she heard this and
chomped on her bit since that was all she could do harnessed
as she was in tight leather straps from her waist upwards
with a heavy saddle across her back which left her tits
swinging free and outlined her shaven V and cunt. Her
Mistress swung back into the saddle and guided her back to
the stables. She handed Margaret's reins to a groom who
removed the saddle and tack and led Margaret back to her
stall where he tied her reins to a ring and left her there
locking the gate. Margaret was still in harness from her
waist upwards with her arms bound behind her and the bit in
her mouth and the bridle over her head and she started to
pace in her stall.

The groom re-enetered her stall and washed her down removing
the glitter from her tits and then he reshaved her V and
armpits and rubbed a aromatic oil on her soft behind and
inbetween her cheeks and especially her shaven V. Margaret
jumped a little when his fingers pulled her cunt lips wide
open as he massaged the oil inside her tight pussy. She
started to trmeble as he tied a blindfold tightly over her
eyes and her full tits started to shake. She then felt her
left tit squeezed hard as he applied glitter to it and
pulled on her nipple and he did the same to her right. 

He led her out of her stall and into the house where he opened
a room and then tied her reins to a ring in the floor making
her bend over a small railing. Margaret felt his hands force
her ankles wide apart as he clipped them to hooks in the
floor holding her legs wide open about 2 feet apart. Her ass
was upthrust and her spread cunt lips were clearly seen as
her heavy tits dangled with her nipples brushing the floor.
He reached down and pinched her nipples making her cry out
over her bit as he patted her on her ass and left her there.

The strain on her legs clearly showed as the muscles stood
out taut and she started to get weak in the knees. She was
very aware that her shaven cunt could be seen as well as her
asshole thru the spread cheeks of her soft behind and the
rough floor scraped on her tender nipples making them get
hard. Margaret heard a door opening and some feet move
across the floor and stop behind her. Hands stroked her
upthrust ass cheeks and pushed into her tight cunt and she
grunted as they were moved in and out. Her nipples were
pinched making her jerk and then she stiffened in her tight
bonds as a huge cock forced its way past her pussy lips
spreading them wide open as it buried itself in her to its
balls. Margaret's heavy tits were grabbed and squeezed as
the huge cock filling her tight hole began a brutal in and
out movement with each thrust balls slapped her ass cheeks.

She felt her bit removed from her mouth and her head held
and she was forced to open her mouth and another cock pushed
in her mouth. Grabbing her ears and head she was made to
suck and move her head and lips up and down the cock filling
her mouth as the cock in her pussy buried itself again and
again deep inside her.

Margaret became more and more excited and suddenly she
moaned and her body stiffened as she shudderingly came
repeatedly as the twin cocks filled her to overflowing.
The twin cocks pulled out and Margaret was untied from the
railing and her blindfold removed and she was forced to sit
on her heels with her legs spread wide showing her dripping
pussy as she pushed her heavy tits out. Margaret saw she had
been fucked by two negro pages both of whom were now being
led out of the room. Her Mistress summoned another groom who
grabbing Margaret by her bound arms dragged her back to her
stall where he hosed her down with cold water and hitched
her to the wall for the night. Margaret was feeling sexually
satisfied in spite of the revulsion she felt towards being
violated by two negro grooms. She had pleased her Mistress
and that was what mattered to her her own pleasure was
secondary. She was approaching the end of her training and
lessons. Her final lesson and desires would be to be sold or
lent to another Master or Mistress because her Master or
Mistress wished it even if there was not sexual satisfaction
for herself. She was very submissive and obedient now and
tried to anticipate what was desired of her before she was
commanded. Her red cunt hair was going to be allowed to grow
back and her Master was planning to have her large nipples
pierced along with her outer cunt lips. She still bore the
small cursive letter M on her upper left thigh with which
she had been branded at the start of her training and it had
healed nicely now leaving no scar. The next morning the
groom led her back into the house using a crop on her sore
ass to make her move along. Opening a door he led her inside
and forced Margaret to her knees. Her Mistress reached down
and pinched her nipples making Margaret jerk in pain. The
groom bent on command of his Mistress and removed Margaret's
harness leaving her completely naked sitting on her heels
but for her tight steel collar encircling her slim neck. Her
Mistress told Margaret to clasp her hands at the back of her
neck and pull back on her elbows and kneel erect. Margaret
did so and as her heavy lush tits rose with her movements
pushing out her erect nipples she slowly spread her knees
showing her dripping pussy.

Her Mistress told Margaret to get on a small pedestal nearby
and kneel erect on it with her hands at her neck and keep
her thighs spread wide. Margaret did so and she noticed the
pedestal had a mirror base and anyone who cared to look
could easily see how wet and excited she was and she started
to blush slightly red. The groom came over to her and
snapped cuffs around her wrists and clipped them together
behind her back keeping her tits thrust out which started to
quiver. He locked a chain to the loop on her collar from the
wall next to the pedestal keeping her tied to it and on
display. He applied red rouge to her nipples and lipstick to
her mouth and then applied glitter to her heavy tits before
putting a spreader bar between her ankles and locking them
to it insuring she couldn't close her legs. Margaret looked
around the room and noticed several other pedestals with
other naked similarly bound girls on them in various poses.

Lifting Margaret's right breast the groom squeezed it very
hard pinching her nipple making Margaret open her mouth and
he forced in over her tongue and teeth a huge ball gag
locking it securely over her long hair and tightly under her
chin. He clipped the spreader bar holding her ankles wide
apart to a hook in the base of the pedestal insuring
Margaret couldn't move and then ran his hands over her soft
ass and cupped and squeezed her dangling tits before
reaching between her legs to part her cunt lips and shove a
finger in her tight pussy. Moving his finger in and out
while holding her cunt wide open Margaret started to gasp
over her gag and almost came but he stopped and pulled his
finger out just before she went over the brink leaving her
there at the edge breathing hard. Pulling back cruelly on
her hair making Margaret bend her back and bringing tears to
her eyes and making her show her smooth flat stomach and
heaving tits with their erect nipples and open pussy thru
her wide open thighs. He lightly patted her flat stomach and
shaven V and cupped her luscious tits before releasing her
head so she could bow it down again. Her shaven V and large
tits with their erect nipples and her wide open cunt lips
could easily be seen and she blushed bright red as she was
held like that for several moments.

End of Part 26




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





