BDSM Library - The New Pet




The New Pet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This couple's job was to catch some lonely hitchhiker and train them to sex slaves. Their new pet was a easy one to train.
                      The New Pet by SteelWhip

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following is a work of fiction and should not be construed as a work of
truth. If you are under the age of 18...LEAVE NOW. It is for fantasy purposes
only. I repeat this is all made up... If you have a problem with fantasy and
reality you shouldn't be reading this sort of stuff anyway. Comments and
suggestions are always appreciated. Flames will be ignored and all serious
inquiries I will make all efforts to reply to steelwhip2001@yahoo.com




Chapter 1

Donavan drove down the highway in his nondescript gray mini-van. He looked over
at his passenger and smiled. His passenger was a good-looking woman, early 30's,
brunette, 5'4," and most importantly, to Donavan, she had a44DD chest. She kept
her self in shape and still had a good firm body; not much flab on her at all.
Harriett looked back at him and returned his smile.

"I've got a feeling about tonight Master;" she said to him in her sexy raspy
voice. That voice always drove him wild. "I think we are going to get lucky
tonight."

Donavan nodded and turned his attention back to the road. He had a feeling as
well. It had been too long since he and Harriett had been out on the prowl. They
both needed a new play toy and Harriett suggested they hit the highway, some
lonely hitchhiker, so easy to pick up. And who wouldn't accept a ride from them?
Both were dressed in conservative clothing; nothing untoward about their
appearance, just another happy couple out for a pleasant drive.

The last time they had been out on the road like this was 6 months ago.  They
had picked up a 22-year-old female college student crossing the USA as part of
her thesis. Nice body that one had; perky tits and firm ass. She had readily
accepted the ride from the nicely dressed couple and after drugging her with
some coffee Donavan and Harriett began their training of her as a sex slave.
They kept her for 3 months before selling her off to some biker gang for a tidy
sum.

But that was 3 months ago and Harriett suggested they go and find a new toy.
Donavan readily agreed and after grabbing some equipment they set out on the
highway. The highway they were on was notorious for the huge amount of
hitchhikers and runaways that used it. It was also far enough away from where
Donavan and Harriett lived. They always felt safe collecting their victims here.

They had been on the road for two hours and they began to feel a little
discouraged about ever finding a suitable victim tonight, when they came across
a female hitchhiker going in the opposite direction. Donavan drove up a mile or
so and turned around to head back. They caught up to her in short order and
pulled over in front of her.

Harriett looked back as the female ran up to the van. "She looks like a keeper."

An evil smile playing across her face, Harriett reached back and opened the side
door as the girl approached the van.

"Hi sweetie!" Harriett said in her best friendly voice. "Need a ride?"

The girl looked into the van and seeing a friendly looking couple nodded and
said "I sure do, thanks for stopping for me. I would hate to be walking out here
for to much longer tonight. Lots of weirdoes out."

"Well come on in then sweetie."

The girl got in the van and sat in the back seat. Introductions were made. She
said her name was Jolene and she and Harriett began making pleasant chitchat.
Harriett was good at putting people at ease. During this conversation Donavan
got a good look at the girl in the rear view mirror; not unpleasant looking.
Maybe a little overweight, about 5' 2", red hair and blue eyes. She was wearing
a heavy jacket so he couldn't get a good look at her tits but from the
impression they made on her coat he was guessing that they were more than a
handful. Levi's, tennis shoes, and a blue backpack completed her ensemble. A
smile crossed his face. Good. He liked good full firm tits. That's what
attracted him to Harriett in the first place.

Jolene said she was heading as far down the highway as they could take her, and
after about a half an hour of pleasant conversation Harriett was able to relax
her and put her at ease enough to find out that Jolene was 17 and a runaway.
Typical story that Donavan had heard before-pissed at the folks, tired of small
town life and wanted to see the world.

"A runaway, good; makes things easier for us," Donavan thought to himself.

After a few minutes later Jolene said she needed to go to the bathroom and
Donavan willingly pulled over to a roadside convenience store to let her use
one. Harriett offered to buy Jolene something to eat and drink and Jolene was
grateful for this. She ran off happily to use the bathroom thinking it was a
stroke of good fortune that this nice couple picked her up. Harriett smiled and
reached over to Donavan, giving him a deep passionate kiss and squeezing his
already hard cock.

"She is a keeper," she whispered to Donavan and walked off to get some food and
drinks. Fortunately she returned before Jolene did and Harriett was able to slip
a potent knock out drug into Jolene's drink. Jolene returned and the three drove
off heading to Donavan and Harriett house.

Some more chitchat between Harriett and Jolene took place as Jolene devoured the
food and drink provided to her.  Slowly her head began to droop and soon she was
fast asleep. Harriett moved into the back of the van and began to go through
Jolene's backpack. Nothing of interest: a few dollars, some photos, some clothes
and a school ID from next state over.

"She's a long way from home," Harriett commented to Donavan after seeing the ID.
"No one will find her out here."

Harriett returned to the front seat and hummed a pleasant little tune the rest
of the way home. The drug they gave Jolene would keep her out for hours.

Eventually Donavan turned the van onto the long dirt road leading up to their
house. It lay out in the middle of nowhere, the closest neighbor being over 1
mile away. It was secluded and that was the way Donavan and Harriett liked it.
It was a nice two-story ranch house that had been built in the early 50's.
Donavan had bought it after discovering it had a "unique" addition to it:  a
specially designed bomb shelter had been included in the original building
plans. Whoever had built it feared the threat of nuclear war and it seemed they
wished to stay safe from nuclear fallout. This addition suited Donavan just
fine. Roomy and spacious, it was soundproof and being located under the basement
of the house, it was just what Donavan and Harriett needed for their hobby. A
costly refurbishment later, and the house was ready for 'guests'.


Donavan pulled in the drive-way and after activating the remote garage door,
pulled the van into the two car garage. He again activated the remote garage
door and only after the door was all the way down did he shut off the engine and
get out. Sure the chances of someone seeing him and Harriett drag an unconscious
body out of the van were slim, but no need to take chances. Harriett was already
out and moving into the house to start a fire in the fireplace-a quick easy way
to dispose of Jolene's backpack and possessions. Donavan moved to the passenger
side and opened it up, looking down at his newest acquisition. She was sleeping
soundly, shallow breaths with a slight smile playing across her lips. Donavan
grabbed her and pulled her out of the van and into the house, dumping her on the
floor. He then went to help Harriett with the fire. After the fire was good and
started and Jolene's backpack and everything in it was on way to being nothing
more than ash, the two returned to the still unconscious body and carried it
downstairs to the basement.

The inside of the house was unremarkable; your normal run-of-the-mill furniture
and belongings. The basement held the laundry room, storage room and a nicely
furnished game room complete with pool table, dart board, and stocked bar. Off
to one side of the game room was a locked full-sized gun safe. Nothing unusual
there except that this gun safe had been specially modified. Donavan spun the
dial, entering the combination into the safe and opened it. But instead of a
collection of rifles one would expect to see there was a stairway leading down
to the bomb shelter. The two carried their human cargo down these stairs to a
secure steel door, and after unlocking that and opening it the two carried
Jolene into Donavan and Harriett's specially built dungeon.

The dungeon had been designed in the bomb shelter by Donavan and Harriett and
had a huge number of interesting devices. The floor was carpeted in a deep plush
red carpet. Very easy on the bare feet that the couple usually walked around
down here in. The walls were covered from their original concrete with a layer
of sound absorbing insulation and then a pleasing looking wooden interior over
the top of that. Off to the right side of the room was a St. Andrews cross, a
padded sawhorse with securing devices at each of the four legs, and an entrance
to a small toilet facility. The bathroom held a shower stall, sink, and toilet.
It also held most of the couples 'bathroom toys'. In the middle of the room sat
a specially designed gynecologist table, a chair that had no seat to it, some
other unusual constructions that had no apparent use to them, and a swing hung
from the ceiling. On the back wall hung many manacles and restraining devices at
varying heights. Also a winch with a hook hung near the back wall and a small
refrigerator was located off to the right. The left wall had several cabinets
and shelves that held many of Donavan and Harriett's toys, including whips,
paddles, dildos and other specially designed instruments of pain/pleasure
infliction.

"Well what should we start with lover?" Harriett asked.

Donavan looked around the room and said, "We'll secure her to the back wall. The
manacles should hold her fine."

The two carried her back to the wall and laid her out on the floor. Donavan bent
down, unzipped her jacket and removed it. He cast her hungry gaze over the body.
He was right, she was a little overweight but she did have a nice set of tits on
her. The T-shirt she wore did little to hide her mounds. Harriett kneeled down
and grabbed Jolene's tits and began to massage them.
"These are real."

Harriett grinned wickedly at Donavan. Harriett reached down to remove the
T-shirt but Donavan stopped her.

"No, I want to keep her fully clothed for now. Remove her shoes and socks."

Harriett gave Donavan a hurt, pouty look, but complied. As she removed the
girl's footwear, Donavan retrieved a ball gag from the collection of toys and
put it on Jolene, securing it well in place. He looked down at Harriett and saw
that she had removed the shoes and socks and was now running her hands up and
down Jolene's legs.

Donavan and Harriett lifted Jolene up and secured her hands above her head to a
set of manacles on the wall, and then secured her legs to the wall at a 4-foot
interval from each other. They stepped back and observed their handiwork. Jolene
was secured firmly to the wall, body slightly drooping from being held up by her
arms, head hanging down. She would stay that way until she was released. The two
turned and went backup stairs, hand in hand, securing both doors behind them.
Jolene's jacket and shoes and socks were added to the fire and soon were no
more. They then spent the rest of the night fucking like wild animals, untamed
passion at the prospect of abusing another poor victim.




Chapter 2

The next morning Donavan and Harriett awoke and after a pleasant breakfast
changed into their attire for the day's events and headed into the dungeon.
Harriett enjoyed dressing the part of a hard-core FemDom and wore a black
leather outfit that consisted of a simple G-string with two straps leading up
the front to her massive breasts, where it formed a spider web pattern over them
with a strap securing across the back. The pattern left her tits exposed. Both
nipples were poking right out all firm and hard from the excitement she felt.
Two more straps lead up to her neck where they attached to a thick leather
collar that was adorned with spikes and a single o-ring on the front of the
collar. She also wore a pair of 6-inch spike stilettos. Donavan was more
conservative wearing only a pair of leather shorts. It did nothing to hide the
massive erection he sported.

They entered the dungeon and looked over their toy. Jolene was still unconscious
from the drugs given her the day before. Harriett walked over and lifted her
Jolene's head up and smiled. She patted the girl's face and softly cooed to her.

"Time to wake up sweetie. Your new life waits."

Jolene began to stir and with a start opened her eyes very sleepily to Harriett.
Jolene couldn't understand why her arms hurt and what was wrong with her mouth.
She saw Harriett standing in front of her in a very revealing outfit. Jolene
tried to move but found that her arms and legs wouldn't move. She tried to cry
out but found she couldn't. Jolene began to struggle against her bonds but was
unable to move them. Fear slammed into her like a freight train when she
discovered she was bound to a wall and the nice couple that picked her up was
standing in front of her in skimpy outfits. Jolene then got a good look at the
room around her and seeing where she was began to struggle even more.

Donavan enjoyed this part; the initial realization and attempts to escape always
excited him. Harriett walked back and stood behind Donavan and the two watched
their pet struggle in her bonds. Jolene was becoming frantic and almost
hysterical in her attempts to escape. Mewing and crying coming from behind the
ball-gag. The couple took in the scene for a few minutes as Jolene's struggles
started to calm down when she realized she couldn't get free. She looked at the
couple with fear and terror in her eyes Jolene was trying to say something but
the gag prevented any words from escaping. Donavan walked up to her and grabbing
her hair looked into her eyes.

"Welcome to your new home. Your former life is forever over. You will now be
trained to serve myself and my lady-love. Serve us well and you may earn your
freedom. Disappoint us and you will feel pain like you have never experienced
before," Donavan told her.

He released her hair and turned and walked over to one of the shelves.

"Of course, you will feel pain like you've never experienced before," he said
matter-of-factly." And pleasure you've never felt before."  Harriett walked up
to the secured figure and began to run her hands over her chest and arms. "Such
a delicious creature. We have such sights to show you."

Her hands lingered on Jolene's tits, massaging them. Jolene struggled and
attempted to get away from the exploring hands. She felt mixed emotions at the
exploring hands. She felt repulsed at a woman touching her in a most intimate
way and fear at being hurt. But the hands on her tits were making her feel
tingly.

Donavan reached into one of the cabinets and pulled out a very nasty looking
knife and turned back to Jolene. Upon seeing the glint of the blade Jolene's
struggles began in earnest and tears welled up in her eyes. She was convinced
she was going to die. She didn't want to die. I'll do anything you want she
tried to scream. But the words never came, just a string of unintelligible
grunts and groans.

Harriett stood aside as Donavan walked up to Jolene. He placed the blade to her
neck and very softly dragged it along her skin. Not enough to draw blood but
enough to let her feel it. Jolene was shaking and sobbing afraid for her life.
Donavan traced it down the front of her chest between her cleavage and down to
her belly and back up again.

"Before your training can begin you must be stripped of your old life," Donavan
whispered to her, his tongue reaching out and sliding up her neck and cheek as
if to lick the fear she radiated. She jerked back but the cold steel returned to
her neck.

"First lesson, never draw back from our touch or you will be punished," Donavan
hissed and, with a flick of his wrist, slashed the knife down slicing her
T-shirt open but not touching skin. The T-shirt fell open to reveal a white bra
holding in her breasts.

Jolene was shaking, wishing all of this would go away and she would wake up from
this horrible dream. Donavan used the knife to remove the rest of the shirt from
her body. He then moved down and removed her pants in the same manner revealing
a pair of pink panties Jolene wore. Tears were streaming down her face as she
stood there unable to do anything about this humiliation.

The two stood there and watched their hapless victim struggling in her bonds,
tears streaming down her face, body heaving from the sobs wracking her body.
Donavan walked back over to Jolene. He lightly traced the knife over the bra
where her nipples were. They soon became hard from the stimulation. A quick
slice of the knife and the bra fell away from her breasts, freeing them. They
spilled out from their confines bouncing with the newfound release.

Donavan again traced the knife over her nipples, careful not to draw blood but
letting her know he could at a moment's notice. A couple more slices and the bra
was added to the collection of torn clothing. He moved the knife down and
removed her panties in the same way. He stood back and observed his new pet.

Her boobs were full and firm. Definitely not the size of Harriet's, but they
came close, a 40 full D probably. The areolas were very large, size of a coke
can top, and her nipples were full and firm poking out proudly. They were the
diameter of pennies. Just the perfect size for the various nipple torments the
couple had in mind. Her pussy was covered just lightly with a coating of fine
red pubic hair and the lips of her pussy poked out from beneath it.

Harriett retrieved a pair of hair clippers and walked over and with no amount of
hesitation began to shear off all of Jolene's hair. Jolene tried to move her
head around to avoid the haircut but Harriett was persistent and after a sharp
slap across Jolene's tits the girl stopped her frantic movements and allowed
Harriett to finish. In no time Jolene was left with thin red stubble of hair
across her head. Sobbing wracked her body as she realized that this was
happening to her.

"Forget everything you knew before. Accept what you are now and your life will
go easier," Harriett whispered to her.  Harriett walked into the bathroom and
returned with a can of shaving cream and an old fashioned straight razor. After
lathering up Jolene's head Harriett told her, "Don't move now... We wouldn't
want to leave any permanent scars on you now, would we?"
Jolene took this warning to heart and nodded her head in agreement.

"See, doing what you are told to do is not so difficult, is it?" Harriett said
as she went to removing all of the stubble from Jolene's head. She began humming
a little tune as she went to work.

Donavan just stood back and watched as Harriett proceeded to move down and shave
the rest of the hair from Jolene's body. He wasn't in a hurry to begin. Jolene
wasn't going anywhere and he had plenty of time to taste the pleasures of her
flesh. Harriett saved Jolene's pubic hairs for last and after shaving the area
smooth and cleaning up any residual mess Harriett lowered her head down and
began to lick and taste Jolene. She ran her tongue up and down her pussy lips
and teased her clit with quick flicks of her tongue. Jolene was shocked as to
the feeling erupting from her pussy and momentarily lost her self in the
experience of Harriett's tongue on her.

Harriett could feel Jolene's excitement build and wanting to tease her more she
reached up her fingers and inserted one finger into Jolene's pussy that was
getting very wet. Jolene instantly tensed up as Harriett's finger inserted her
and reached her intact hymen. Harriett drew back in surprise and looked over to
Donavan.

"She's a virgin... a real-to-life virgin. Her cherry is still intact," Harriett
said in a pleasant tone.

Donavan had not expected this. A 17-year-old virgin was a rarity... and finding
one as a runaway was a delight he never thought he would encounter. Donavan
walked over to Jolene and looked her in the eye. "This is an unexpected
surprise... I'll have to come up with something special to take your virginity."

Harriett stood up and said, "I want her... I want to break her cherry."

She stood in front of Donavan with her hands on her hips, tits poking out stiff
and proud.

Donavan glowered at her not sure how to respond to her aggressive request. She
knew that he was in charge and what he said was the law. "Sure you can have
it... but when I say. Besides... if her pussy has never been fucked then I am
sure her ass hasn't been fucked before either... and I'll take that." The last
part was more to heighten Jolene's fear than anything else.
Harriett reached over and kissed Donavan thanking him for the privilege.
Harriett ran over to grab a strap on dildo but was stopped by Donavan. "Not yet
though... We need to show her what to expect if she disappoints us. Bring the
whips."

Harriett shot him another of her famous pouty looks but complied; she had
already pushed too far by demanding to take Jolene first. She had to be careful
or she would end up in the same situation as Jolene. Of course the prospect of
being used and abused by her master while Jolene watched sent a shocking thrill
through her body. She remembered fondly when Donavan first began her training
some years before. She had been Donavan's first trainee and his best. Donavan
had broke her completely and Harriett had devoted herself to serving Donavan
ever since.

She brought over two whips-one was a massive cat 'o nine tails that she gave to
Donavan and she kept the other whip, a standard bullwhip. Fear welled up in
Jolene's eyes as she saw the two devices paraded in front of her.

Donavan shook the cat 'o nine tails out and with no warning snapped his hand up
and laid the leather across Jolene's tits.

Pain erupted in Jolene like she had never felt before and a howl attempted to
escape her mouth but was blocked by the ball-gag. Her body shook with renewed
sobbing and Donavan and Harriett admired how her tits bounced as she shook with
fear and pain.

Before Jolene could ready her self for another blow Harriett snapped out her
whip and caught Jolene's stomach sending more pain into Jolene's body. Donavan
hit her again across her legs and as Donavan brought his whip back Harriett used
hers against Jolene's body. The two started a melodious pattern, whipping every
inch of Jolene's body and soon her entire body was aflame with pain and her skin
was crisscrossed with welts.

Jolene wanted to scream for them to stop, to let her go, but couldn't. She
wanted the pain to stop but it seemed to go on forever. And after what seemed an
eternity the pain did stop with Jolene slumping down being held up by the
manacles, tears streaming down her face. Donavan went over and checked her
condition. The welts were severe but they had avoided her neck and face and her
skin seemed to absorb the whipping very well. No blood was drawn and it looked
that some of the welts were  already going down.

"Good," Donavan thought. "Her body can take a lot of punishment with no long
term effects."

Donavan reached out and lifted her face up by her chin to look into her tear
filled eyes, "That was nothing compared to some pain that we will inflict on
you. As I said before, serve us or you will feel more pain than what was just
inflicted on you."

Jolene nodded to him not wanting to go through what she just experienced. He let
her head drop and returned the two whips to where they belonged. He retrieved a
pair if nipple claps attached together by a thin chain. He returned to Jolene
and began to lick and tease Jolene's nipples with his tongue, moving from one
back to the other. Jolene was surprised with the pleasure she was now feeling
compared to the pain she just encountered. Jolene had never been with a guy
before, being raised in a strict Catholic household. The farthest she had gone
with a guy was a kiss with no tongue. She was overcome with feelings she had
never felt before and soon the pleasure she was feeling was overcoming the pain
her body was feeling and she began to mew softly.

At this point Donavan reached up and affixed both clamps to her now very full
and erect nipples. Jolene was surprised with this new form of pain.

Donavan had a little trouble putting the clams on as her tits were so big, but
he got them on and began to tighten them down as hard as he could. Jolene tried
to pull away and got a slap across her face for her troubles.

After affixing them and making sure they were in place hard and tight Donavan
then attached a heavy weight to the chain connecting both clamps increasing her
discomfort. He then collected the remainder of Jolene's cloths and turned and
motioned for Harriett that they should go.

"But you said I could fuck her!" Harriett cried to Donavan and realized her
mistake as soon as she said it. Donavan spun and was on her in a flash. Before
she knew what was happening he had he bent over the sawhorse, her full firm ass
in the air, and had her arms and legs secured tightly in place.

Donavan walked around to the front of Harriett and looked down at his love. "It
seems that I have been a bit remiss in keeping you in line lately my dear. Yes,
you can fuck her first but when I say. You know the rules. Obey me in all things
or be punished."

He retrieved a massive paddle and stood behind Harriett savoring the moment. She
made soft whimpering sounds but Donavan knew it was more from anticipation than
from the prospect of being punished. Harriett enjoyed being punished and it
seems that Donavan had not properly been doing enough lately. He stood there and
watched her ass; she was softly wiggling her ass at him waiting for the spanking
to commence.

Donavan raised the paddle and looked over to Jolene with an evil glint in his
eye and brought the paddle down on Harriett's ass with all the force he could
muster. A massive smack resounded in the dungeon and a heavy gasp of air escaped
her lungs. Before she could recover he laid the paddle on her ass again. And
again, and again. After about 30 such strokes and turning Harriett's ass a
bright red color he stopped and ran his hands over his handiwork. The heat
radiated from her skin was intoxicating to Donavan. Soft mewing and gasps of
ecstasy were coming from Harriett. Donavan reached down and pulled her g-sting
down to allow easy access to her pussy and slid a finger into her. It went in
very easily as she was very wet from her spanking. His fingers prodded and
explored her pussy and he pinched her clit. Harriett tried to move her ass back
so she could get more of Donavan's fingers into her hungry, sopping pussy.

Jolene watched the spanking and Harriett's reaction to the punishment she
received. On one hand she was in fear from receiving such treatment but another
feeling welled up in her, arousal. The thought flicked through her mind of
giving Harriett the same treatment and she lingered on that thought for a few
moments.

Harriett continued to react with arousal by Donavan's finger manipulations but
before she could get off, he moved around to the front of her and pulled down
his shorts exposing his rock hard manhood. It was 7 1/2 inches long and as a
thick as a cucumber. He grabbed Harriett by the hair and aimed his cock at her
mouth. Harriett knew what to do and devoured his cock with ferocity and began to
bob her head up and down slicking his cock with her saliva. Donavan smiled and
not wanting to have Harriett control the pace of the blow-job began to rock his
hips back and forth pushing his cock into he mouth a little farther with each
thrust and soon was hitting the back of Harriett's throat. Harriett struggled to
keep up with the pace that Donavan had set by fucking her face. Soon Donavan had
his cock down her throat and was slamming her face as he would fuck her pussy or
ass. Harriett just laid there allowing Donavan to abuse her mouth trying to
please him even more by lightly biting down on his cock like he enjoyed.

Donavan continued this pace for about 5 minutes before he pulled his cock out to
let Harriett grab a gulp of fresh air.

"More Master, please more!" she begged.

Donavan moved around to position himself behind her. "You enjoyed that, didn't
you?" he asked her.

"Yes Master I did. Give me more!" There was a hunger in her voice. Harriett
looked up to Jolene and said to her, "You will beg for him as I do."

Donavan smacked her ass with his hand. "You talk to much little one. And because
you like having cock in your mouth so much... "  He reached over for a cock gag
and inserted it into her mouth and secured it on her head. The rubber cock
wasn't as thick as Donavan but was longer. He moved back around behind her and
positioned the head of his pole nudging to the entrance of her ass. Donavan
began to feed his cock into her ass forcing her sphincter open. It stubbornly
tightened but with a rough thrust her anus relaxed and his entire manhood
slammed into her rectum filling her up it seemed almost to her stomach. A grunt
and growl escaped from her. Donavan began to fuck her ass in a fierce rhythmic
pattern. The pain erupting in her ass was a familiar pain that Harriett enjoyed.
After a few minutes of hard stroking Harriett soon became slightly used to the
massive piece of meat in her ass and settled into a rhythmic grunting each time
Donavan slammed his cock into her ass.

Harriett enjoyed being fucked in the ass and rocked herself back as hard as she
could to match Donavan's thrusts and could feel her orgasm building. Donavan
could feel her body beginning to build to an orgasm and felt his own orgasm
begin to build as well. He increased the rhythm and speed of his thrusts and in
a short period of time he could feel her body go into convulsions as her orgasm
rocked her body. Normally she was a screamer but with the gag in her mouth there
was only a series of squeals, grunts and groans. This sent Donavan over the edge
and he unloaded his cum deep into her bowels. He thrust a few more times,
finishing himself off and pulled out. He patted her ass lovingly and retrieved
another set of nipple clams like he had attached to Jolene and affixed them to
Harriett.

She was slowly coming back down to reality from the savage ass fucking she had
received and moaned with pleasure as the cold steel was attached to her nipples
and a weight hung from them. Donavan finished his handiwork and looked over both
of his bound beauties, smiled, collected Jolene's last belongings, and before he
walked out and secured the doors behind him, warned that both of the ladies
should not lose control of their bladders during the night or they would be
severely punished. He went upstairs and shortly the last physical traces of
Jolene's possessions were nothing but ashes in the fireplace.




Chapter 3

Donavan waited until well into the next afternoon before he went down to check
on his two slaves. He forwent any pretext of clothing and went down into the
dungeon naked, his hard cock leading the way in front of him. Harriett lay over
the sawhorse and seemed to be sleeping, but Jolene was awake and struggling with
discomfort in her confines. Donavan could guess why. It had been well over
twenty-four hours since she had gone to the bathroom and she was struggling not
to go. She remembered Donavan's threat from the night before and didn't want to
endure whatever he might have in mind. Her eyes followed Donavan in the room
with a mix of fear and relieve. She was afraid he would leave her down here and
never return.

Donavan walked over to look at Harriett and sure enough she was snoring softly
marking that she was asleep. With an evil grin moved behind her and winked to
Jolene as he stroked his cock. He very carefully positioned him self and with no
warning buried the entire length of his cock into Harriet's pussy. Harriett
awoke with a start. Donavan began a slow steady forceful pattern of strokes into
her and she attempted to bring her self to full conciseness as a steady pressure
of pleasure began to grow from her pussy. In no short time she was grunting and
squealing as her Master buried his cock into her. She lost herself to the
pleasure she was receiving and let the orgasm was over her like a tidal wave.

Donavan felt Harriett go into her usual throes of passion when she came and he
began pounding her pussy faster as the orgasm washed over her. He continued to
pump her for several more minutes getting her off two more times. After he was
satisfied he had pleasured her enough he pulled out and removed her cock gag.

"Are you done being a bad little girl and are you ready to obey my commands
again?" he asked her.

"Oh God yes Master!" she replied, her voice a little hoarse from the night of
having a rubber cock down her throat. "Any thing you wish... anything at all."

Donavan released her restraints and Harriett got down on her knees in front of
her master, and kissed his feet. "Thank you for the punishment Master, I
deserved it."

She reached up and with her mouth attempted to take him into her but he stopped
her.

"We have more pressing business. Get cleaned up and get something to eat. We
have a virgin to break in today," he said, looking over to Jolene.

Harriett got up and rubbing life back into her muscles walked into the bathroom
and disrobed from her skimpy attire with the exception of the collar and began
to take a shower.

Donavan turned to Jolene and patted her abdomen "I'm sure you are ready to
relieve yourself. And I'm glad you have not yet. I would have been so
disappointed and would have had to punish you for it. See, doing what you are
told is easy. I would hate to have to punish you for disappointing or disobeying
me but I will if I have to." He slowly stroked her face.

Donavan's father had been an Intelligence operative for "The Company" during the
Vietnam War and had specialized in intelligence gathering from enemy POW's.
Donavan had learned as much as he could from him, listening to his father's
stories about breaking down the personalities of the POW's to get the
information from them. Those techniques he heard from his father he put to good
use with the slaves he trained. One favorite technique was to appear to be the
slave's friend and make the subject feel responsible for the punishment she
receives. It worked like a charm and Donavan had gotten the technique down to an
art.

While he was waiting for Harriett to come out from the bathroom he busied
himself by removing the nipple clamps from Jolene, which brought a new wave of
pain washing over her as blood flowed back into her nipples. He watched her
nipples engorge them selves with blood and began to suck and chew on her tits
roughly pinching and biting them.

After a few minutes of this abuse Jolene almost wished the clamps were back on.
Harriett came from the bathroom freshly showered and was drying her hair as she
walked over to the refrigerator and retrieved two bananas and gave Donavan the
most erotic display of banana eating he had ever seen.  Harriett was a slut and
Donavan loved it.

He turned back to Jolene and removed her ball-gag. She took in a deep inhale of
breath as her jaws found themselves able to move again. Another pain jostled
Jolene's body as she worked her jaw muscles and attempted to swallow but with no
moisture in her mouth she was finding it extremely difficult. She was able to
whisper out, "Please don't hurt me. Ill be good and do what you say, just don't
hurt me."

Donavan was pleased with this. Usually he received threats or begging to be
released or some other nonsense. But this one was already accepting her fate and
a sex slave and didn't want to be hurt anymore.

He gave her one of his best award-winning smiles and said, "Of course not pet.
As long as you do what you are told then nothing to bad will happen to you. Now
I'm going to guess you want to go to the bathroom right about now don't you?"

She nodded.

"Good but you are going to have to earn that privilege. We will start with
something easy for you. I'm going to release you from those restraints and I
want you to fall to your knees and stay there until I tell you what to do. If
you try and fight us then you will feel pain unlike you have never experienced."

She nodded her head in fear.

Donavan and Harriett reached up and released her wrist restraints and Jolene
slumped to the ground. After being held in the same position for so long her
arms wouldn't respond if she wanted them to. Her ankles were released as well
and she made every effort to get into the position she was told to be in. A
swift smack across her ass made her jolt and a cry of pain escaped her lips. She
looked up to see Harriett holding a crop she had produced from somewhere.

"You must move faster than that," Harriett said. "You will always crawl on the
floor like an animal unless we tell you other wise and you will not look at us.
If you do something you are not told to, or if you move too slow or if we feel
like it you will receive another of these..." Harriett brought the crop across
Jolene's ass again to accentuate the threat. Jolene rocked with the pain but
nodded meekly.

"I will," she said, and received another smack across her ass.

"You will refer to us as Master and Mistress or Sir and Ma'am. Do I make myself
clear?" Harriett asked.

"Yes Mistress," she responded.

She could feel Donavan behind her and he ordered her to her knees. She complied
instantly. Donavan reached around from behind her and placed a silver mesh
collar around her throat. It held a simple o-ring on it like the collar that
Harriett wore and it constricted slightly when he fixed it in place. She could
feel him doing something to the back of the collar and heard a click.

"There that's in place now. To let you know the collar has been bolted around
you and will not come off unless I wish it to. Now since you have been a good
girl we can let you go to the bathroom," Donavan informed her.

Harriett reached down and connected a leash to the collar and ordered her to
crawl into the bathroom. Jolene forced her muscles to move and they responded
very sluggishly and she received four more whacks from the crop before she was
able to bring herself into the bathroom.

Donavan let Harriett handle this part of the training. He wasn't into scat or
golden showers and he always preferred to let Harriett handle the 'bathroom'
aspects of the slaves. And after a few minutes of hearing
Harriett instructing Jolene on how, when and where she was to relieve herself
punctuated with the sounds of the crop hitting skin, Harriett walked Jolene back
out into the main room and over to the winch.

Donavan ordered her to her feet and to put her arms up in the air, which she
did. He then tied her hands together and hooked it to the winch. Once that was
done he used its mechanical motor to winch her up into the air and after a few
seconds she was dangling a couple of feet off the ground. She could feel all of
her weight bearing down on her shoulders and arms. More pain and discomfort for
her to endure. Donavan then wheeled the table under her spreading her legs so
one leg was on either side of the table as Harriett busied herself by putting on
her favorite toy. She called it 'The Beast'. It was a massive strap on dildo
that measured 10" long and as thick as her wrist. Harriett loved using it on
slaves and the prospect of breaking Jolene's cherry with this had gotten
Harriett very, very wet.

Harriett then got on the table beneath Jolene and positioned the dildo right to
the entrance of Jolene's pussy. Jolene was aghast at this and cried, "You can't
put that in me it's too big, it will tear me apart and kill me!"

Donavan brought his hand across her ass and it rocked her body, rubbing the head
of the massive rod against her clit and pussy sending a momentary flash of
excitement through her.

"I didn't say you could talk did I slave?" Donavan asked.

"N... noo Master," Jolene was able to whisper out fearful at what punishment may
befall her for her outburst.

"Good... now don't worry about it not fitting... you would be amazed as to what
you can get in a woman's pussy. It's very expandable and can accommodate even
the largest objects. You soon begin begging for this piece of rubber to fill you
up."

He reached over for a tube of lubricant and after applying a very small amount
on the head of the rubber beast positioned it directly under Jolene's virgin
pussy. "We want to make sure this goes in with no problem."

He lowered the winch a couple of inches guiding the head of the dildo into
Jolene's tight pussy. Jolene tried to position her self to ease the pressure
this massive object was exerting on her pussy... she felt as if she was going to
tear or worse. She whimpered and moaned as she couldn't find a comfortable way
to position her legs to accommodate entry.

Harriett was lying under Jolene watching her struggle to make herself more
comfortable but knew that Jolene wasn't going to find any comfort. Donavan
stepped back and took in the scene. This was going to be fun. He had in hand the
control buttons for the winch that held Jolene in the air. He showed them to
Jolene and told her what it was.

"This button makes the winch go up," he pressed it momentarily and Jolene felt
herself rise in the air slightly. "And this button makes the winch go down."

Again a slight depression of the button and Jolene felt herself lower onto the
dildo a slight bit... pain coursing through her body as the dildo forced her
pussy lips open further than they had ever been before.

"And this last button releases the winch dropping whatever it's suspending."

Slow fearful realization dawned on Jolene as she realized what Donavan meant by
that... If he were to drop her then her body weight would force her down onto
the massive piece of rubber tearing it up into her.

"Please don't..." she began to sob when the realization of what that would do to
her.

"Not my choice to do that to you." He handed the control over to Harriett.
"She's the one who is going to have the honor of that."

Harriett looked up at the struggling form and smiled evilly. Jolene looked down
and saw the malicious intent in Harriet's eyes. Jolene began to say something
but before she could get out any words Harriett mashed her finger down on the
release button.

With nothing to support Jolene in the air anymore gravity did its job and she
came down impaling herself on the dildo. It smashed through her hymen at
terrific speed and continued its journey up into her womb. Jolene let out a
mournful wail as her virginity was ripped away from her and the dildo forced her
pussy open to a massive diameter to accommodate the massive intrusion it now
held. It felt as if it had penetrated into her stomach and she sat there impaled
on it for a few seconds as sobs and moans escaped her lips.

Harriett loved to see their reaction when they were dropped onto her. She
grinned and started to rock her hips forcing the dildo to move around inside
Jolene. This of course increased her displeasure and she began to wail in agony.

Donavan let her sit there for a few minutes while Harriet rocked and thrust her
hips, grinding into Jolene's blood-soaked pussy. No matter how Jolene moved she
couldn't escape the painful intrusion. He then pulled her off of Harriett. Sobs
still came from her abused form. She fell to her knees.

Donavan ordered her up and when she was slow in responding she felt the sharp
sting of a crop smack into her tits. She rose to her feet trying to understand
why all of this was happening to her. Donavan untied her hands and ordered her
arms behind her. He put her arms together behind her and she felt a leather band
secure around her wrists, palms facing away from each other. Another leather
band was secured midway between her wrists and her elbows and another strap was
finally secured around her elbows, forcing them together. This forced her to
arch her back and pushed her tits out.

Harriett had gotten off of the table and when Donavan was through securing
Jolene's arms Harriett bent her over the table and forced the dildo back into
her abused pussy. Jolene wailed in pain but there was nothing she could do about
it. Harriett then began to rock back and forth bringing the dildo almost all of
the way out before slamming it back in all the way, each time bringing a cry of
pain from Jolene. Harriett continued this pace while she felt her own orgasm
build from the dildo rubbing up against her clit. Shortly Harriett climaxed with
a sloppy wet orgasm. She pulled the dildo out and slumped against Donavan.
Jolene fell to the ground in pain.

"That was a good one," she said breathlessly. "We need to find more virgins if
they're all going to do this to me."

She smiled at Donavan. She then removed the dildo and climbed back up on the
table spreading her legs wide. Donavan looked down at the sobbing form of abused
flesh in front of him and said, "There, doesn't that make you feel like more of
a woman now? I'm going to guess that you are a little thirsty right about now...
it has been a while since you have had anything to drink... and I know that the
drug we gave you tends to dry the mouth out."

Jolene nodded her head, "Yes Master I am thirsty."

She had been trying to hold the thirst that was raging in her in check, but the
comment Donavan made brought the need for liquid crashing back down on her.

"Good. But before you can have something to drink you must earn the privilege,"
he commented.

"Now what?" Jolene thought to herself. "What more can they inflict on me?"

"Now get your ass up on the table," Donavan said to her.

Jolene was too sore and winded to move very fast and far by herself, she
struggled to her feet and attempted to climb up on the table, difficult to do
with her arms cinched behind her back, and with a little help from Donavan's
hands grabbing her from behind hauling her up by her tits, cruelly lifting her
up to the table. Donavan had her positioned in what would have been a
hands-and-knees kneeling position if Jolene had use of her arms. She was only
able to hold her self in this position because his hands were holding her up by
the tits.

Holding her up so she was looking straight down into Harriet's sopping wet cunt.

"If you want something to drink... make her cum." Donavan said.

"Please Master, don't make me..."

Donavan removed his hands from her tits and dropped her face first into
Harriet's wetness giving her a face full of pussy.

Harriett grabbed Jolene's head and held it down to her pussy. "I'm not feeling
anything yet," Harriett said.

It was the last thing Jolene wanted to do... first this woman cruelly took her
virginity and now wanted her to eat her pussy, but Jolene was more concerned of
the pain they would inflict on her if she didn't obey. She gave it a few test
licks turning her stomach as she did.

"That's not going to make me come... and if you want something to drink...you
need to make me come."

Jolene was working her self up into working her tongue some more when... SMACK!
She received a massive paddle across the ass from Donavan. She drove her tongue
deep into Harriet's pussy afraid of anymore strikes from the paddle.

Harriett soon began cooing and moaning from all of the effort Jolene was putting
into eating out her Mistress. Juices began flowing from Harriet's pussy when
Harriett locked one of her legs behind Jolene's neck forcing her face deeper
into Harriet's pussy.

Jolene went on licking her pussy doing what she could to tease the clit and
trying to remember what she had heard some of her friends talking about when
their boyfriends did this to them.

Jolene must have finally done something right because suddenly Harriett was
cuming and once she started she wouldn't stop. Harriett locked her legs even
tighter around Jolene and was doing her best to pull the girl into her cunt.

Finally after several orgasms Harriett calmed down enough to release Jolene
allowing the poor girl to gasp for some badly needed breath.

"Very good..." Harriett moaned and cooed. "Very good..."

Donavan looked at the two with some amusement in his eyes. "Well that wasn't so
hard was it... and now for your reward for being a good girl...we can let you
have something to drink."

Donavan pulled her off the table and told her to kneel on the floor which she
did with no hesitation. Harriett then got her self off the table and standing on
wobbly knees from the intense organism she just received placed herself right in
front of Jolene.

"Open wide," she said to the pet.

Jolene couldn't understand what was going on but complied anywise. Harriett then
began to fondle her tits and worked her hands down to her tits where she began
to squeeze them, sending an eruption of milk exploding from them and into
Jolene's open mouth.

Years ago before Donavan had 'acquired' Harriett she had been in a bad abusive
relation. She had gotten knocked up but the father of the child didn't want
anything to do with it and several months into pregnancy had beaten her so bad
it had caused a miscarriage. This was the final straw for Harriett. She had the
bastard arrested and placed in jail. One thing she always remembered fondly from
the pregnancy was the full felling that the milk in her tits gave her. She had
enjoyed the feeling immensely and the heightened sexual feeling it gave her.
Donavan learned of her one-time fascination with lactation and had gone to great
lengths to try and replicate the effect. He was able to discover it was possible
to induce and reinduce lactation in women through a process of hormone injection
and nipple stimulation. Harriett readily agreed to the procedure and had been
living with milk filled udders ever since.

Jolene was shocked by this and pulled back from Harriett. Harriett smiled down
at the girl.

"Oh don't be silly... I'm sure your mother breast-fed you when you were young...
It's perfectly natural and nothing is wrong with it. Besides, it's the only way
you're going to get anything to drink for a long time."
Harriett held her tits out for Jolene to take.

After some hesitation at the whole idea, the desire for something to drink over
came Jolene's revulsion and she leaned forward and took one of Harriett's milk
covered tits in mouth and began to suck on it attempting to get some of the
precious liquid her body desired.

It was difficult at first but she soon found the way to get the milk. A
combination of sucking and biting Harriett's tits was required to release the
milk. She sucked the liquid down greedily moving from one tit to the other when
one was empty. She was repulsed, on the one hand, to be forced to this state to
get something to drink but was also getting a little wet with the chance to
return some of the abuse she had received back on her captors by biting a little
harder than she should have on Harriett's tits.  Harriett didn't seem to mind as
she stood there holding Jolene to her chest feeding her. After a while both
udders were dry with no more milk to be had and Jolene slumped back, thankful
for the nourishment and liquid she had received.

But her serenity was short lived as Donavan grabbed her up and pulled her over
to the sawhorse and threw her over it, securing her ankles to the legs and
grabbing a length of chain that was attached to the floor in front of her and
securing it to the collar she wore around her neck.

"Now my turn," Donavan said to her. "Time to fuck that tight virgin ass of
yours..."




Chapter 4

Donavan slowly walked around his secured pet taking in all angles of her secured
form he could. Jolene's eyes followed him around with fear and trepidation
wondering what next would happen to her. Donavan moved around behind Jolene and
lightly ran his hands over her upturned ass. His touch brought a tingle of shock
and pleasure through Jolene as she waited.

Donavan began to kneed the flesh of her ass and massage it.  "Well... you have a
bit of weight on you, my dear... but I think the "liquid diet" you are going to
be living on for a while will take care of that."

He moved around in front of her, his solid cock pointing directly at her face."
And the work out you'll be getting from us will shed those unwanted pounds...
you will see. Now... before I break that ass of yours in you are going to learn
to suck my cock. And do a good job of it... I'm not going to lube your ass up
before I fuck you so you better get my cock well and salivaed up. Understand?"

She nodded her head and opened her mouth to say, "Yes Mast..." but before she
could finish what she was going to say Donavan had moved forward and slid his
cock into her mouth.

The unexpected intrusion took her by surprise as his meat filled up her mouth.
She tried to buckle and escape form the oral intrusion but the straps holding
her to the sawhorse were to tight. She worked her tongue to try and push his
cock out of her mouth but all she succeeded in doing was successfully giving
Donavan some pleasure as her tongue ran up and down his shaft. She began to gag
when the head of his cock began to press down the back of her throat.

Donavan ignored this and began to press his cock as far into her mouth as he
could.

"Better not throw up. Learn to take it all and soon you will be begging for me
to fuck your mouth," he told her. Her gags kept up but she did everything to
accommodate his cock. Soon she began to adjust to the intrusion in her throat
and the desire to throw up went away. When Donavan realized that she had
adjusted he rocked his hips back and thrust back into her face.

The thrust took her by surprise and she began to struggle a little bit but
realized that it was a bad idea when she saw Harriett move behind her with one
of those nasty whips.

Donavan rocked his hips back and thrust into her mouth again but this time when
he was inserted all the way in a blaze of white-hot pain erupted across her ass
as Harriett brought the whip across her ass. The pain caused her to
involuntarily gag and bite down on Donavan's cock. A soft grunt escaped his lips
and she received a slap across her face for the trouble.

"I like teeth but you have to learn when and how much to use," he said to her.
"But right now you will control the urge to bite down on me. If you don't, you
will be sorry."

He let the threat hang in the air. She wasn't sure what else they could do to
her but she was in no rush to discover. She nodded her head to acknowledge what
he had said because she couldn't say anything with his cock down her throat.

He slowly pulled out and thrust back in and she felt the white hot pain flash
across her ass again but this time resisted as much as she could the instinct to
bite down and cry out. Tears began to roll down her face from the pain across
her ass and in her throat. Soon Donavan began a rhythmic pattern of thrusts into
her mouth each time accentuated with Harriett laying the whip across Jolene's
ass.

"You better start working up some saliva, or the fucking I'm going to give your
ass is going to be very painful," Donavan said after a time.

She tried to work up saliva in her mouth but it was still very dry from not
having much to drink the previous two days. Fortunately the milk she received
from Harriett seemed to have been enough and soon she was coating the cock in
her mouth with all the saliva she could muster. She ran her tongue up and down
the shaft as it was being thrust into her and she could hear Donavan breathing
deeper than he usually did and guessed that he liked what she was doing with her
tongue and did her best to keep him happy.

"Not bad," she heard him say. "She's almost a natural cock sucker. Some training
and she will almost be worth the effort we've put into her already." A sudden
flash of pride went through Jolene. She was receiving praise from her Master. If
she was good enough then maybe she wouldn't get hurt anymore. Little did Jolene
know but already her thought pattern was adjusting to that of an obedient slave.

Donavan could tell she was starting to get into the cock sucking from the way
she started working her tongue over his cock. Even through the pain she must be
feeling from the constant whipping her ass was receiving she was attempting to
please him. This was good. That meant she would be much easier to train and
control. Normally he enjoyed a challenge of breaking women. The most difficult
pet he and Harriett had trained took almost two weeks to completely break. Even
the last one, the college student, held out for a few days. But this was a nice
change of pace. Jolene was already broken and all that was needed was the
training.

With a grunt Donavan pulled out of her mouth and allowed her to gasp for breath
as she began to quietly sob from the pain on her backside. Harriett had stopped
whipping her but the pain still remained.

"Be quiet or I'll give you something really to cry about," Harriett said to her
and Jolene did all she could to stifle the sobs. Donavan moved around to her
backside and took a look at Harriett's handy work. A bullwhip could be a nasty
item if it wanted to. You could lay a person's skin open if you were not
careful. But this had not happened with Jolene, Harriett was skilled with the
whip and while Jolene's ass was crisscrossed with deep red welts there was no
torn skin or bleeding. Donavan and Harriett could be harsh but there was no
reason to cause undue harm when it wasn't necessary.
Besides, any damage like that would require them to attend to it. The couple
liked their pets to remain for the most part undamaged.

He ran his hands over the tortured ass cheeks feeling the heat that the welts
gave off. Jolene stiffened under his touch as his wandering hands brought new
spasms of pain over her. He saw the rosebud of her asshole pucker and flutter
under his touch. He lightly ran his fingertips over the welts on Jolene and was
pleasantly surprised when Jolene began to respond to his gentle caresses with
excitation. She began to move her ass unconsciously in time with his fingers and
soft gasps of pleasure escaped he lips. Even though her ass burned with pain,
his fingers were doing...well... something nice to her. And she enjoyed it.

He kept this up for a couple of minutes slowly relaxing and calming Jolene to
the point where she almost began to forget what was to come next. Abruptly his
hands left her ass cheeks only to be replaced with the head of his cock resting
at the entrance of her sphincter. Jolene immediately stiffened up preparing for
the worst but Donavan just sat there for a few seconds until Jolene began to
relax a little.

Donavan wanted to make this pleasure last. He had broken in virgin asses before
and unlike Harriett he liked to take his time and draw the pleasure out. He
slowly began to press forward his cock into Jolene's ass, but her sphincter
tightly clamped down refusing the massive cock entry. He slowly pulled back and
almost immediately began to press back forward. Again her ass refused entry. He
repeated the process a third time and when he pushed back in he could feel her
sphincter relaxing slightly. Slowly he repeated the process several more time
until the head of his cock slid into her ass with a satisfying sounding grunt of
pain from Jolene. He let his cock sit there for a few seconds and allowed her
ass to begin to adjust to the new visitor it now held.

After a few more moments he began to press into her ass deeper and slower.  He
didn't pull back any time and slowly his cock began to fill her ass as he began
to feed it up her ass. Jolene began to try and buck and escape as his rod began
to fill her up to her breaking point. After what seemed an eternity of pain as
her asshole was being stretched farther than it had ever been before, Donavan
bottomed out as the full length of his cock rested in her ass. He didn't even
have to do anything as Jolene continued to try and rock and buck in an attempt
to relieve the pressure in her ass.  This was by far even more painful than what
she experienced a few moments ago when her virginity was ripped from her.

He allowed her to work her hips and ride his cock as she worked to escape the
pain she was feeling. Grunts of pain and displeasure escaped her mouth as she
worked with no attempt. Slowly she began to get used to the rod in her, as she
had gotten used to everything else that had been done to her.  She began to
slowly feel a tingly sensation deep within her and started, for some unknown
reason to her, rocking her hips onto Donavan's cock in an attempt to scratch the
itch that she was feeling. This of course brought some pain but it also brought
more of the funny feeling deep into her.  Shortly her grunts of pain began to
make way for gasps of pleasure and she attempted to do what she could to deal
with this unknown feeling.

Donavan and Harriett just looked on in amusement as Jolene willingly impaled
herself on Donavan cock and began to fuck his cock. Donavan didn't have to do a
thing. Soon though the pressure of her tight ass and her wiggling got to be too
much for him and he grabbed her hips and began to thrust his cock into her
matching her thrusts with his own. A cry escaped her lips and he wasn't sure if
it was from pleasure or from pain. Not that it mattered really. He increased his
thrusts and soon began to feel his orgasm welling up in him as her tight ass did
a number on his cock. Her grunts and cries became more frenzied and frantic.
Donavan guessed she was begging to build to an orgasm. Soon he was unable to
hold back and began to unload his cum into her coating her bowels with his seed.
When he was done he pulled out letting some of his cum drain out of her ass and
dribble down her leg.

Jolene began to cry again. She couldn't understand what was happening to her.
She was being violated and raped in the worst way but her body was beginning to
ENJOY it. She couldn't understand any of it. What was she supposed to do? How
was she supposed to react?  On one hand she felt dirty and cheap and less than
human but on the other hand she was feeling excitement and exhilaration and
release... what was she supposed to do?

Donavan looked down at the hapless creature before him and knew exactly what was
going through her mind. He had seen this before in his slaves. It all came to
this point. Sometimes it took longer than others but it always came; a sudden
realization that the women enjoyed being use and abused. He had seen it all
before.

He believed that all females had a secret yen to be used at one time or another.
No matter how strong, assertive or dominant they may be. There was still that
chameleon quality that allowed all females to revert from time to time. He was
convinced it was part of their basic makeup. He thought back to one pet he had.
She had been a real butch, firebrand, ball breaker but she couldn't resist the
urge to be controlled and used. The last time he had seen her was when he sold
her off at a party to an 'associate' of his that shared the same interests as he
and Harriett did. She had spent the entire evening hurriedly moving from one
guest to another servicing all who had gathered.

"But enough of reminiscing on the past," Donavan thought to him self.

"I believe that will be all for today," he stated aloud as he walked over to the
collection of toys and retrieved a few items.

He collected a few items and returned to Jolene's strapped form on the sawhorse.
He first took a cock gag and fitted it onto Jolene. "To help you learn to suck
cock better," he said as he connected the straps behind her head. He slid a pair
of blindfold over her eyes and then inserted a pair of earplugs into her ears.
He then slid a latex hood over her head that had no holes in it except for two
where the nose fitted into. He laced up the hood into place cinching it tightly
into place forcing the cock gag deeper into her throat.

He then moved behind her and took a slender rubber dildo that held several sharp
studs in it and slid it into her ass. He took a slightly larger version of the
same model and slid it up her pussy. He then took an air pump and began to
inflate the dildos, evenly filling Jolene up and causing the studs to sink into
her sensitive skin. When they were pumped up to capacity he gave her ass a hefty
swat and watched her buckle as the studs drove themselves into her stretched
flesh. It didn't help matters any that the dildos were also filled with mercury
so the slightest motion caused the studs to continue to shake and quiver.

With both plugs in place and fitted to size, he then took a pair of adjustable
steel bands and affixed them to the base of Jolene's tits and tightened them
into place. The effect was very erotic as her tits were cinched almost to the
point of severing her heavy mammaries. With those in place he the affixed a pair
of nipple claps to her nipples and tightened them down as tightly as they had
been placed on before.

He stood up and observed his handiwork. Pleased with his work he retrieved one
final item and affixed it to the double dildos in Jolene. A flip of a switch and
a slight vibration began to affect both plugs. Almost instantly Jolene began to
shake and shudder as the two plugs with their mercury-filled spikes began to
vibrate.

Pleased with himself he turned and offered his arm to Harriett, which she
accepted, the couple walked out of the dungeon securing it behind them leaving
Jolene to suffer in ecstasy in the forced silence and darkness imposed on her.




Chapter 5

The next morning dawned bright and early for Donavan and Harriett, sunlight
seeping into the bedroom the couple shared. A huge 4-post bed complete with a
canopy cover sat in the middle of the couple's room. It was something that
Harriett had wanted and Donavan saw no reason not to indulge his ladylove. Light
streamed in and began to pull Donavan from the depths of sleep. Consciousness
returned slowly to him and when he realized he was waking up he looked over to
Harriett snuggled against him nestled into the crook of his arm, a slight
dribble of milk forming on her right tit. Donavan untangled himself from her and
with no ceremony pushed her out of bed causing her to land on the floor roughly
awakening her from her sleep.

She grumbled lightly under her breath but really was not too surprised by his
actions. He often woke her this way... and she knew that it meant that he wanted
breakfast and that she needed to go and fix it for him and bring it to him in
bed. She made no qualms about it... after all he was Master and it was her job
and pleasure to serve him. She got up and began to wander into the kitchen to
prepare his breakfast.

Donavan watched her walk softly off to the kitchen her ass swaying gently in the
morning sun. He laid back and closed his eyes allowing his mind to wander. He
often did this. He began to reflect on his life. One small part of him realized
that the kidnapping and forcing into slavery young nubile females was wrong but
another part of him didn't give a rat's ass. He was enjoying himself and wasn't
going to give up now. He did often think back and try to pick a point where it
all began.

He wasn't overly wealthy but was comfortable and financially secure enough that
he didn't have to work. His father had acquired a lot of money during the war
and although Donavan had never questioned his father about it, he suspected that
it was gained through the drug trade from the Golden Triangle into the US. His
old man had passed on a few years ago peacefully in his sleep and Donavan, being
the sole heir, inherited all of his father's estate. Of course the money
collected from the occasional slave he sold off didn't hurt things either. He
realized that having money was a factor into his lifestyle... but it wasn't the
only reason.

He thought back further trying to pinpoint the exact event that set him on this
path. He remembered his own times in the military, eight years in the Navy. That
had defiantly helped him-the chance to explore the flesh-pots of the Far East,
specifically the Philippines and Thailand where any vice could be bought for a
price.

He remembered with delight being taken to a members-only club in the
Philippines, far away from any form of civilization, by a friend of his he
served with. This friend had discovered Donavan's latent desires and brought him
to this very exclusive club. Most of the brothels and whore houses were your
standard run of the mill operation, see the girl, pay for her, and fuck her and
that was it. But the club "Ravens" was a different matter all together. It was
owned by an old retired Navy Chief who enjoyed the B/D S&M lifestyle; it catered
to the darker desires of men and some women as well. The owner of the club had
an arrangement with most of the other brothel owners. If a woman that worked in
a brothel or whorehouse gave too much trouble to the owners and mama-sans the
girls would be turned over to 'Ravens' for a predetermined length of time to
assist in her 'attitude' adjustment. Most of the girls were forced into
prostitution in the Philippines any ways and had little or no choice in the
matter. Many of the women who were sent to 'Ravens' for attitude adjustment
learned their lesson and never returned. And at 'Ravens' the customers were
allowed to whatever they wished to the girls; all for a price of course. The
price was well worth it. It was basically set up like a medieval dungeon and
torture chamber and the women were available for any depravity the customer
wished.  There were, of course, the occasional deaths that occurred in the club,
but they were taken care of by the owner.

Donavan delighted in the abuse and pain he was able to inflict on these
unwilling girls, and learned as much about inflicting pain on the human body as
he could. These times were glory days for Donavan and he delighted in them. But
that wasn't the cause of it. The desires to use and abuse women were there and
the time he was overseas just helped those feelings manifest. No, it was
something before that.

Back to high school his thoughts flittered. He was a shy reclusive bookish sort
of individual. An outcast, he never got any dates and maybe that was the reasons
for his desires... no that wasn't it... he didn't hate women.  He just felt
compelled to control and use and abuse women.

He chuckled to himself about that last thought... He didn't hate women yet
kidnapped them and raped them and sold them into slavery... odd dichotomy he
realized. But what was that one thing that drove him to do what he did and
derived pleasure from it. It was something deeper in his past... but he couldn't
put his finger on it.

And maybe it was just the collection of all his experiences and not attribute to
any one situation. After all is not a human being just made up of the
experiences he has had in life? A collection of what has happened to them. 
Harriett coming back into the room with his breakfast on a tray broke him from
his revelry. She placed it in front of him and he began to enjoy a pleasant
breakfast while Harriett kneeled to the side of the bed as she was instructed to
do while he ate.

He soon finished his breakfast and Harriett took the tray and dishes into the
kitchen and returned and kneeled beside the bed and asked, "May this one be
allowed to prepare for the day?"

Donavan looked down at his slave. She was very good at what she did and years of
conditioning had left her completely dependent on him. She had to ask permission
to do anything. This question she asked was just the standard question she asked
in the mornings. It was all-inclusive for her to go to the bathroom, fix herself
breakfast and get dressed.

"You may little one," Donavan stated. She got up and went into the bathroom and
Donavan followed her right behind still watching that ass of hers wiggle. He
began his morning ritual of relieving himself and shaving and showering while
Harriett went about hers. She did not have toilet privileges and had to use a
cat litter box that she was also under orders to keep clean. He watched her
relieve herself and clean her self up.

Donavan stepped into the shower and turned the water up on hot and relaxed as
Harriett lathered him up and washed his body. It was another of Harriet's duties
to her Master and make sure he was clean. When he was showered up he exited the
shower and allowed her to dry him off. That done, he exited the bathroom and
allowed Harriett to shower herself up. She was not allowed to use hot water and
took each shower in the morning under freezing cold water.

After insuring he was dried she kneeled before him waiting for permission to
continue with her own shower. He looked down at her. She had come so far in the
time that she was his. Originally she was just his first slave and first victim.
Maybe that's why he held such fondness for her. No, more than fondness, he
actually loved her. He smiled and patted her head and turned to walk out. This
was her cue letting her know she was free to continue.

Harriett stood and stepped into the shower turning the water on cold as she was
instructed to do. The water cascaded over her washing away the last bits of
sleep from her body. She was glad that Master allowed her the luxury of taking a
shower. She had seen other slaves only being able to wash themselves with a
washrag out of the sink or under a high-pressure fire hose. Master was very good
and gentile to her. He always had been.

She remembered back to that day some years ago when her life had taken the path
she was now on. She had always been what the media dubbed a professional victim.
A quite shy demure little girl she had grown up into the same as a woman, timid
and afraid of life. Every boyfriend she had ever had had used her and run
roughshod over her. The last one beat her terrible when he was drunk. He had
gotten her pregnant and when he discovered it he beat her to within inches of
her life, forcing a miscarriage. Fortunately for her a police car just happened
to be driving by and witnessed the assault and was able to pull him off before
he killed her. She was in the hospital for weeks recovering and somehow, with a
kind detective to help her, pressed charges against her boyfriend and he was
convicted of murder and attempted murder. He was doing 25 to life in a state
maximum-security prison.

After the assault and losing her unborn child she attempted to become more
forceful and aggressive in her life, determining never to be used again.
Fortunately for her (or unfortunately as her mood some times dictated) she ran
into Donavan and everything changed forever. He had just been recently
discharged from the military on a medical discharge and was in a deep depression
about it. His life was stripped from him and he needed a new purpose in life
when he saw her. He knew instantly when he saw her what he was going to do. He
stalked her and discovered where she lived and, after making some preparations
in the house he was living in at the time, struck.

Chloroform in a rag, hand over the face, and Harriet's world changed forever.
She awoke in his basement that he converted to a makeshift dungeon. This was
nothing compared to the elaborate set up they had now.
And her life erupted in pain like she had never felt. The first two weeks were
the worst. Every imaginable torture that Donavan had inflicted on the whores
overseas he inflicted on her with greater passion and zeal. This was before
Donavan became the professional torturer he was now and he made some mistakes in
those early days, mistakes that hurt her very bad. But when this happened she
noticed a change come over him. He became more gentle and tender towards her.
Taking care of her injuries and treating her with the gentleness of a lover.
This new found kindness was something she had never received from any of her
previous relations. It was something new and intoxicating to her. And she liked
it. Oh sure, he raped her on a daily basis and abused her body in horrible
ways... But when his kindness towards her came through it started to become all
worth the pain and misery he inflicted on her.

She would discover months later that he realized that he had taken a huge
responsibility when he kidnapped her. He was now responsible for her well being
and health. That was something that he didn't have to worry about while
overseas. Someone else always looked after the girls after he was done with
them. But this was different. Something clicked inside him. The realization of
this simple fact struck him like a lightning bolt through his brain. He could
have just left her to her injuries and not give a damn about what had
happened... but for some reason this woman he had, touched him in a way that he
had never been touched before. Others in his position could have just killed her
and gone on to another, but that wasn't Donavan's way. No, he had kidnapped her
and abused her and now she was his responsibility.

It was during this time that Donavan began to apply his knowledge of what his
father had taught him and what he had picked up from Military Intelligence
during his time in the service. He broke her personality down and began to
reshape it to what he wanted. And soon the couple began to feed off the mutual
support each other gave the other. Harriett needed the tenderness and kindness
he showed her and Donavan needed the responsibly of taking care of some one. The
relation deepened until one day he told her that she was free to go. She looked
at him and lowered herself to her knees and whispered that she did not wish to
go. That he was her entire life now and that she would stay and serve him the
best she could, only asking for love and kindness in return. Donavan agreed and
the two fell deeper into love after that.

It was strange what occurred to her after that. No longer was she a timid little
creature, but was developing into a strong willed woman, more outgoing and happy
about life. For some strange reason... she had found the freedom in her slavery
that she never had before. It was actually her idea, a couple of years later
after Donavan's father died, to take the money and begin their new hobby.
Donavan of course was delighted at the aspect of getting to abuse new and fresh
women, agreed to the idea and the couple had been capturing and raping women
ever since.

While she was showering herself Donavan drew out the cloths that the two of them
would wear for the day. He opted for simple black leather shorts, as he normally
did normally for these days of abuse. For Harriett he pulled out a red pushup
leather bra and matching red leather G-string. He also pulled out a set of red
stockings and garters for her. He always controlled what she wore. She was his
slave and was it not the duty of the Master to make the decisions for the slave?

That done he wandered off to his office and began to conduct the day's business.
Checking the morning paper, (nothing about the missing runaway girl yet, no big
surprise there. Just another nameless, faceless statistic.), getting online and
checking his personal mail. He had contact with several other people that held
the same interests as he did. They provided each other with news and updates on
their activities and uploaded videos and pictures to each other on the status of
their sessions. One letter got his attention. A mutual acquaintance of his that
went by the screen name of Weaver (his real name was Mike... The two were good
friends and had sessioned and trained more than one slave together)

It seemed that Mike was holding a party for his closest friends. Donavan smiled
at this. Mike's parties were usually filled with the most depraved sexual vices
that were known to man. In the code that Mike and Donavan used he also was able
to tell that Mike to had just recently 'acquired' two new slaves-twins it
seemed. And that he was going to be revealing them at the party. The date for
the party was 1 week off. Donavan wondered if he could get Jolene whipped into
some form of presentable shape by the time of the party. He would have to see to
it. It looked as if her training was going to step into high gear today.

He was interrupted by Harriett entering the room in the clothing laid out for
her. She struck a sexy pose, her heaving breasts barely contained in the leather
bra. With a smile and a heavy sigh, he stood and escorted her down to the
basement to step up the training of their new pet.




Chapter 6

The couple entered the basement to see a sight they had seen countless times
before. Jolene was still strapped into the sawhorse and was quivery slightly at
the abuse her pussy and ass had received from the night of being invaded by two
large painful objects. She had gotten no sleep at all and was in an exhausted
state. The combination of no sleep and the difficulty she had breathing through
the nose tubes had taken their toll on the abused girl. This was just what
Donavan wanted... the more she was broken down, the easier she was to train and
control.

Donavan motioned for Harriett to be quiet and moved and collected a nasty
flogger. Made out of buffalo hide it was over 18 inches long and held a good
weight to it. He moved to behind Jolene and with no warning to the poor girl
brought the flogger down on her ass in a rapid repeating motion with the leather
straps kissing her skin every second.

A squeal of pain and shock erupted from behind the gag as Jolene was plunged
into a new form of pain. The flogger smashing into her ass caused pain as well
as the flogger striking the two dildos filling her up driving the studs deeper
into her sensitive skin. She made every effort to struggle and escape from this
new form of torture but was too weak from the lack of food and water and the
abuses she had received over the last few days. And the restraints were too
tight. She was helpless to avoid Donavan's expert blows. She attempted to cry
but there were no more tears to be had.

Donavan kept this pattern up for about 5 minutes and turned her ass a bright
shinny red and enjoyed watching the poor girl struggle and try and escape, ass
trembling every time the flogger struck skin. He then stopped and handed the
flogger to Harriett who put it away for him. He then pulled the vibrating unit
from Jolene who almost had an immediate reaction of relaxing from the constant
abuse it gave her. He deflated the two dildos and removed them from her orifices
and checked her out by sight. Had the two units been left in with no lubrication
they would have eventually shredded her skin beyond hope of healing. He made
that mistake once. Ruined the girl permanently. Ever since then he made sure
that the two dildos had a large reservoir of lubricant that released itself
every so often. It kept most of the abrasion down to a minimum.

Seeing no permanent damage he moved around to the front of her to get a look at
her tits. The metal bands had done their job well and her tits were a dull blue
in color form little blood flow into them during the night.
That was another thing he had leaned the hard way. Mustn't keep the blood flow
from them for very long. Several attempts with Harriett as a guinea pig had
allowed him to find the right amount to cinch the steel bands down without doing
long-term damage to them. He released the metal bands and soon blood flowed back
into them with a vengeance as the regained a healthy red glow to them.

Jolene of course was in sheer pain as feeling and blood returned to her tortured
breasts. At least someone had come to get her. Even with the whipping she had
received she was grateful for the simple pleasure of knowing someone was around.
Her night was filled with the most awful thoughts of her being left here forever
until she died and was terrified of the all encompassing darkness and silence
with only pain to keep her company. Her fatigued mind played out horrible
fantasies and scenarios to her over the night. The simple fact that someone was
here, even if it was her tormentors was a great relief to her.

Donavan then removed her headgear and she gasped for breath as the cock gag was
taken off. Jaws still not having had much use and being forced open all night
ached in their agony as she attempted to gulp down air.

Throat cracked with no moisture, she attempted to speak but found she could
hardly form the words to speak and quickly gave up.

Donavan released her from the restraints and she collapsed to the ground. More
pain than she had ever known exploded throughout her body. Muscles ached, pussy
and ass were sore, jaws ached. She thought to herself that even her hair hurt
but remembered she had no hair left to hurt.

Harriett came forward with the same crop she used yesterday.  "Into the
bathroom," and accentuated it with a smack of the crop against Jolene's still
sore breasts. Jolene attempted to move but the pain in her body was too great
and she was hardly able to move towards the bathroom.

Harriett took another swing at Jolene and the smack of the crop hitting flesh
echoed through out the room." You better get moving slut or I will beat every
inch of your body black and blue," she growled at the helpless girl.

Jolene again made the effort to move and succeeded in crawling a few feet to the
bathroom before collapsing. She was rewarded with a rain of blows upon her body
covering areas that had not been abused yet. Somehow Jolene was able to work her
way into the bathroom and dragged out a similar litter box to the one that
Harriett used.

Donavan turned to ready some equipment for today's tortures while he let
Harriett again attend to Jolene's bathroom rites. Her body had very little waste
left in it to dispose of and Donavan was actually pleasantly surprised that
Jolene was able to control herself the entire time since her last trip to the
bathroom yesterday.

Shortly Harriett was escorting the bruised and beaten girl back into the room
and made her crawl to the center of the room. She collapsed into a heap at
Donavan's feet.

Donavan reached down and lifted her head up by the chin to look into here eyes.
"I'm feeling generous this morning pet. Name one thing you wish and I will give
it to you."

On occasion the women would ask for their freedom and receive a severe beating
for it. They had already been informed that that would not happen and asking for
it was not a wise thing to do. But Donavan already had Jolene pegged for an
answer and wasn't surprised when she hoarsely whispered back that she wanted
something to drink.

Donavan smiled. Jolene was already to the point that she didn't even consider
her freedom. Just something simple like a drink of water. This was good. She was
already forming into a very good slave.

Donavan let her head drop back down. "I think we can do that." He walked over to
the refrigerator and pulled out a very large needle filled with a clear liquid.
He walked back over to the prostrate form and pulled her arm out and plunged the
needle into her arm. Jolene didn't resist; it was just another form of pain.

Donavan pushed the plunger down and emptied the fluid into her veins. The liquid
was a protein and vitamin solution. The lack of food that the slave would endure
for some time to come required some way for the slaves to keep up their
strength. Donavan had a steady supply of the mixture from another friend of his
who was in the medical field. Harriet's breast milk was sufficient but didn't
have all that the slave's body needed. He handed the needle over to Harriett who
disposed of it.

Jolene was grateful to Donavan for this even temporary interlude from constant
abuse she had received and even managed to whisper out a "Thank you Master" to
him for it.

Donavan smiled over to Harriett who couldn't understand the pleasure he was
deriving from this little slut. She was just another one of the many slaves they
had kidnapped over the years. But for some reason Donavan was going easier on
this one.

"Little bitch," Harriett thought to herself. "What makes you so special that he
is giving you nicer treatment than the others? If he won't give you the
treatment you deserve then I will."

Jolene couldn't understand something. Harriett was the one who did most of the
abusing to her and inflicted most of the pain but it seemed that Donavan was in
control. She decided that she did not like Harriett but for some reason was
strangely attracted to Donavan. Even after what he had put her through.

Donavan understood what was going on. He had done this to all the other slaves.
He would do everything in his power to make Harriett out to be the bad one and
that in turn would drive the slaves to look to him for guidance and relief. But
for some reason it was happening on a greater level than with any of the others
he had kidnapped. He saw the look on Harriet's face and could guess what she was
thinking. She was, after all, an open book to him even though she tried to hide
it at times. Over the years of training and abusing her there was little about
her that he didn't know.

He looked over to Harriett. "Feed her."

Harriett removed her top and knelt down to the girl and lifted her face to her
nipples. Jolene seeing the nipples offered was again repulsed, but remembering
that this was the only source of nourishment she hungrily latched onto one
nipple and began to suck and chew on it in an effort to coax the fluid from her
tits.

Harriett held her to each nipple in turn while she fed and let her fall back to
the ground when each udder was empty of their fluid.

"Up on the table," Donavan ordered her, motioning to the strange gynecological
table. She offered no resistance and with every effort pulled herself up onto
the table. She immediately placed her legs into the stirrups without being told.

Donavan and Harriett then proceed to secure her legs into the stirrups and
secured her arms to the table and fastened a leather strap over her forehead
securing it in place. Again she was immobile. But at least this time she was
lying down.

Donavan forced open her mouth and placed a strange looking device between her
lips. It was two metal bars that attached together on hinges and had a turn
wheel on it. He then secured this device to the table and began to turn the
wheel. Slowly her mouth was being forced open by the spreader jaws and soon her
mouth was open to almost the tearing point. Jolene looked at him with fear in
her eyes not being able to speak very well.

"Stick your tongue out," he ordered her, which she did instantly and was
rewarded with a set of toothed clamps closed down on her tongue, causing her to
flinch. But being restrained it was no good.

Donavan pulled the clamp out pulling her tongue with it. Just when she thought
she had experienced every from of pain available, she would experience a new
form of hurt and pain. Donavan pulled the clamp all the way as far as the tongue
would allow and then secured it to the O ring on her collar keeping her tongue
out.

"Don't want you biting down on your tongue for this next part, now do we?" 
Donavan asked. Fear slammed into her again and she struggled to try and break
free, not wanting to experience the next form of torture that was in store for
her. Even if she was at full strength she could have not broken free. The
restraints were too strong.

Harriett got up on the table and straddled the girl's stomach and sat down on
it. She began to massage and play roughly with Jolene's nipples doing everything
she could to engorge and fully extend the girls poor nipples. Donavan meanwhile
pulled a stool up and sat down next to her and pulled out a little medical bag
and removed several sterile packages of needle of varying sizes. Jolene
attempted to struggle and break free from the restraints when she saw the
needles but was rewarded with a slap across the face from Harriett who ordered
her to lay still and accept what was coming.

Jolene tried to but her body shook from too much fear at what Donavan was going
to do with those wicked looking needles. Her answer was short in coming when
Donavan sized up her nipples and noting that they were full and large selected a
very large needle and removed it from its packaging. He laid it next to the base
of her nipple slightly scratching it he whispered to her. "Don't worry. It's
just a moment..." he jammed the needle through her nipple and pierced the other
side "... of pain and then it's all done."

Jolene's body shook with the pain just inflicted on her but was unable to move.
Donavan selected a nice silver hoop and slid it through the new piercing and
Jolene heard the sickening click as he locked it into place. He then took a
soldering iron and soldered the ring into place, leaving the iron on the hoop
for longer than he should have the heat began to work its way up and into her
poor nipple. Donavan seeing her attempting to struggle free took the iron away
and wiped an antiseptic swab across the new piercing and moved around to the
other side and repeated the process. Shortly her abused nipples sported a pair
of identical hoop piercings.

He moved back down to the base of the table and began to play and tease her
pussy, slowly stroking her clit with his fingers and slowing stroking her pussy
lips. Jolene began to moan in ecstasy, as this was the first real form of
pleasure she had experienced since her waking up in this room of horrors.

Donavan continued his expert manipulations and soon Jolene was begging to get
very wet. He then moved his fingers up and began to lightly play with her clit,
trying to coax it from underneath its protective hood. He was shortly rewarded
with it fully engorged with blood he was able to pull the clit hood back and
with a quick jab pierced a hole in the clit hood.

Jolene bucked from this new pain trying to escape the torture inflicted on her.
Donavan didn't pay any attention to her struggles as he hooked a slightly
smaller hoop to the new piercing. A quick stab with another needle and soon she
was sporting a pair of matching rings in her hood. He then moved down to her
labia and placed two rings on each labia, washing each with an antiseptic swab
and an antibiotic ointment to help in the healing.

Donavan said, "You should feel lucky my dear... we wont be able to abuse these
while they heal. We want them to heal nice and clean."

For that she was grateful and Donavan noted her body relax slightly. He ran a
finger up her pussy and back down to her ass and roughly inserted his finger
into her hole.

"But there are other ways we can abuse you."

He began to ream his finger in and out of her ass.

Harriett sat up and moved over Jolene's face and pulled the G-string to the side
and said to her, "Lick it good you little cunt. Lick it like you did yesterday
and make me come!" She then dropped her pussy down onto Jolene's face and began
to rub it over her face.

Donavan continued the finger reaming for some time watching as Harriett
instructed the bound girl on how to eat her pussy and how she like to be licked.
Harriet soon began to take some little gasps and Donavan began to notice little
things that indicated Harriett was beginning to build to her own climax. Donavan
lowered his shorts and placed the head of his cock to Jolene's ass and with one
rough thrust buried it into her ass, her abused sphincter muscles not offering
much resistance from their previous night's abuse.

Donavan began to roughly jab into her ass while Harriett continued to rub her
pussy over her face. Jolene was hardly able to think. She was concentrating on
what Harriett was telling her to do while Donavan slammed into her ass, feeling
as if it were filling up her entire body; each thrust like a red-hot poker.
Jolene began to tighten her sphincter muscles each time Donavan bottomed out in
her ass in an attempt to milk his cock to orgasm.

Donavan was pleasantly surprised with this and said, "Yes... she... is...a...
GRUNT... natural... at... this..." to no one in particular and began to increase
his thrusts into her ass. And in no time short Donavan was grunting with abandon
while he unloaded hot jizz deep in her ass while Harriett bucked in delight as
Jolene's tongue did wonders over her clit and pussy and she came with unexpected
delight.

The two people now sexually sated for the time being pulled them selves off the
poor girl and embraced each other in a deep and passionate kiss. This was
completely alien to Jolene. Here was this couple that seemed to be able to enjoy
each other anyway they chose. Yet had kidnapped her and forced her to do these
terrible things and forced terrible things on her.  But she realized that it did
kind of feel nice when Donavan was in her ass and complimenting her on how she
was taking it, and when he was playing with her pussy earlier. She still didn't
like Harriett making her eat her pussy or having to suck on her tits for milk.

The couple broke from their embrace and released Jolene from her binds and
ordered her to the floor, which she did. Donavan then attached a leash to her
collar and for the next several hours led her around the dungeon and began
training her on her posture... back straight, tits out, eyes downcast. How she
should kneel and how she should crawl. She was instructed on how to address
people and how to offer her charms in the most seductive way in each position
she was in. When she failed to do what she was told or didn't do it quick enough
she received a smack on the ass with a crop or a whip. She was forced to eat
Harriet's pussy four more times that day and suck on Donavan's cock 5 more times
and had him in her ass twice  more that day.

But Donavan had to say he was quite pleased with her performance the entire day.
She was coming along nicely. She took all that was told to her and attempted to
perform them to the best of her abilities. Well... at least for him any ways. He
did note a bit of rebellion spark up now and again when Harriett instructed her
to do something. And because of it Harriett spent most of the day whipping and
beating her. Donavan had to chuckle. Never before had someone given Harriett so
many problems and given him hardly any at all. This was something he was going
to have to keep an eye on and see what would develop from it.

Harriett noticed this was happening to and just seeing her Master do nothing
about it was infuriating her. So she took her anger out on the source of the
problems. Twice Donavan had to step in and halt her before she did any real
damage to Jolene. This pissed her off even more. And still she took it out on
Jolene.

Several hours later when Donavan felt that Jolene had endured enough pain and
was making very good progress on her training he called it quits for the day. He
ordered Harriett to feed Jolene again and pulled out a very large dog carrier.
The type used to transport animals on airplanes. Before ordering Jolene into it
he ordered her into the bathroom and allowed herself to wash up with a cold
washrag washing away a few days of sweat and fear and the dried cum that was on
her ass and face. She was grateful for this little amount of humanity given to
her and immediately kissed Donavan's feet when she was done thanking him for the
privilege as she had been taught to do earlier that day. Donavan beamed at the
progression she was making and just saw Harriett glowering at Jolene.

Donavan brought Jolene back over to the cage, affixed a set of wrist restraint
behind her back and hobbled her legs with some similar restraints, and ordered
her into the cage. He then affixed a heavy chain to her collar and secured it
into place to an eyebolt in the floor of the cage. He then closed the door and
locked it from the outside. There wasn't much room in the cage but if Jolene
curled up just right she could almost get comfortable.

Donavan lead Harriett up the stairs and turned the lights out behind him and
soon Jolene was fast asleep thankful for this brief opportunity to rest from her
tortures.

Harriett confronted Donavan as to the displays of kindness he showed to Jolene
during the day.

"You are going easier on her than the others," she stated.

"I didn't realize that that was up to you to decide." he remarked back.

She saw the look in his eyes and saw that she had almost stepped over the line.
She dropped to her feet and kissed them. "I'm sorry Master," she said. "I've
just never seen you like this way with any of the others. It's not like you. I'm
worried that you may think that I'm not enough for you anymore."

He looked down at her and smiled. "No little one. You have nothing to fear.  She
is taking to her new life better than the others and I see great things for her
in the future. May be I am a little easier on her but I feel that I don't have
to be as harsh." He lifted her face to look at him. "Besides you are doing a
wonderful job being harsh enough for the two of us." He then kissed her and
Harriett smiled and sighed with relief.

She then made them dinner and he spent the some of the rest of the night having
her hog-tied and whipping her ass and pussy, her begging for it before he fucked
her mercilessly and made her come three times. The two then drifted off to
sleep.




Chapter 7

The next few days passed in a blur of pain and agony for Jolene. Donavan and
Harriett spent several hours each day in training her. She would be beaten and
whipped failing very little when she was given her tasks. Jolene couldn't be
sure but she seemed to since that something big was coming up and Donavan wanted
her prepared for it totally. He spent several hours on teaching and instructing
her on what to do in group settings. Each night she would be locked back into
her cage to spend another uncomfortable, but not painful night of sleep. Jolene
wondered what was going.

Harriett too was a little bit in wonderment as to the interest in teaching
Jolene for a group setting. She didn't realize the party that Mike was holding.
He hadn't bothered to tell her. And why should he. When the time for the party
came she would go with him with no questions asked.

Jolene did find one thing strangely odd. For the abuse she was receiving, she
had only been fucked in the pussy once since she had been here and that had been
when Harriett stripped her virginity from her. Sure Donavan had violated her ass
and mouth dozens of times as well has Harriett with various strap-on toys, but
there had been no real attention paid to her pussy. Little did she know that it
was for a reason. Donavan had begun to administer a birth control method to her
daily injections. There was no need for her to get pregnant unless he wanted her
to get pregnant. So until the birth control procedure was in full swing he would
not run the risk of it. Besides, Donavan reckoned... she has two other holes for
me to rape.

It was the night before the big party at Mikes and Donavan and Harriet had given
Jolene most of the night off. Donavan wanted all of them to be well rested for
the next night.

Donavan woke suddenly at about 3 in the morning and noted that Harriett was not
in bed with him. This was odd. She was under orders not to leave the bed unless
she asked permission first. He checked the bathroom on the off chance she was in
there but she wasn't. He then checked the rest of the house but then realizing
that she wasn't upstairs he headed down towards the basement and into the
dungeon.

He could hear the voice of Harriett and the sounds of leather striking flesh
long before her got to the bottom of the stairs. When he reached the dungeon he
saw Jolene strung up from one of the many hooks while Harriett stood behind her
with a bullwhip laying it across her back.

"Bitch... do you think that you can take my Master from me. I know how he has
been treating you lately. How he seems to like you. Do you think I'm going to
let you steal him from me?" Harriett ranted as she brought the whip down on her
time and time again.

This upset Donavan. Not because she was abusing and whipping Jolene but that
Harriett was doing it without his orders. In a couple of steps he was over to
Harriett who had her back to him and grabbed her wrist as she brought the whip
up to strike her skin again. Harriett swung around in surprise and he saw all
the color drain from her face when she realized who had grabbed her. Donavan
just glowered at her with cold steel gray eyes and Harriett knew she was in
trouble.

She dropped the whip and tried to drop to her feet to beg forgiveness.

"Please Master, I'm sorry, please don't do anything."

Donavan said nothing and then Harriett realized how deep in it she was. When
Donavan got mad he became very quite and this was the quietest that she had ever
seen him. Tears began to flow from here eyes as she tried to explain herself to
him. "Please Master... you were going so easy on her and I was afraid that you
would replace me with her... please forgive me I was scared."

Donavan was having none of it as her dragged her over to the gynecological table
and threw her on it and began to strap her into it. Harriet's sobs increased. On
one hand Donavan could understand her concern and her worries but couldn't
understand this blatant breaking of his rules and her sudden rebellion. He
finished strapping her in and began to turn a crank on the side of the table.
This cranking began to tilt the table down and soon Harriet's legs were higher
than her head.

Donavan retrieved a ball gag with a tube running into it and affixed it to her
head insuring the tube was well into her mouth. He then took a hood and placed
that over her head again insuring that the tube was free of any obstructions
into her mouth. He then retrieved some tubing from his medical locker and in
short order had a tube connected to the tube into her mouth.  That in place, he
then took a catheter and inserted it into her and once it was in place deep in
her bladder he affixed the catheter to the tube leading to her mouth and
released the flow of urine into her mouth.  Harriett was unable to stop the flow
as her head was much lower than her bladder and choked down the urine as it
washed into her mouth. It would be a repeating cycle. She would drink her own
urine and then pass it through the system to be swallowed yet again. But Donavan
wasn't done there. He moved the table over to where Jolene was still hanging. He
raised Jolene up and secured her legs to the wrist restraints so she was hanging
in a clothespin position. He then grabbed several bottle of water from the
refrigerator and forced Jolene to drink them all. Jolene was grateful to have
several bottles of water given to her but her stomach rebelled at the extent of
how much she was given. After several days of virtually nothing to drink her
body was unused to this.

After he had forced the water into her he pulled out a rather large IV bag with
a saline solution in it and hooked it up to her as well. With these two things
done he retrieved another catheter and inserted this into Jolene bladder as well
and hooked it to the other the tube already feeding Harriett. With the second
catheter in place feeding the tube inserted into the mask he released it and a
fresh flow of urine drained into Harriet's mouth. She was not expecting this and
she had trouble choking it down.

Donavan stepped back to look at his handiwork. The amount of water now in
Jolene's system would slowly pass through her system keeping a constant flow of
urine into Harriett. And with Harriett positioned as she was, she would process
all this through her system and it would return to her mouth for another trip.
Donavan hated doing this to his love but this was a breaking of his rules he
could not easily forgive. She would have to endure this and it would, hopefully,
teach her, her place again.

He leaned over and whispered to Harriett, "You have brought this upon your self.
Accept it with the grace of my slave and learn from it." He reached over and
kissed her on the head and walked out returning up stairs to make an important
phone call to Mike. Harriet's torment would not end with just this little
display of punishment. No something more had to be done to insure that this
didn't happen again.

He awoke Mike from the confines of his sleep, and using a code that the two had
developed made a request.

"Mike I need you to send over two crates for delivery of fragile merchandise."

"I thought you would only need one?" Mike asked.

"There have been some developments and I require to ship you two. I'll inform
the delivery men of the exact procedures of delivery and preparation when they
arrive tomorrow."

"No prob. man... you got it," and with that the two hung up.

Donavan had just informed Mike that he required Mike's "delivery men" to come
over and pick up his two bound beauties. Mikes delivery men were a couple of
guys that Mike had on retainer to go around and 'collect' women from friends and
deliver them where ever it was needed. The women would be packed into shipping
crates and then transported where needed. Donavan had used their services on
several occasions to transport slaves he had sold to buyers. But now he was
going to use them to transport Harriett and Jolene to the party tomorrow. The
deliverymen were well paid and compensated, in the form of cash and pussy, for
their troubles.

With that done, Donavan returned to bed and returned to sleep.




Chapter 8

Donavan got up the next morning bright and early to insure that his two trussed
helpless women would be ready when the delivery-men arrived for them. After
fixing breakfast and eating it, and checking his mail he headed into the
basement to check on the progress of his two females.

Jolene and Harriett were right where he had left them. Jolene seemed to be
asleep content with the fresh water she had received the night before. The IV
bag in her arm was empty of its fluid and he reached over and removed it from
her waking Jolene. He paid no attention to her as he looked onto Harriett. It
was apparent that she had not gotten to much sleep the night before. The
constant trickle of urine flowing into her prevented her from any form of
restful sleep. Her stomach seemed a bit distended but other than that she seemed
to be in fine shape. He removed the catheter from each of the women and then the
hood and gag from Harriett. She looked up at him, her eyes still puffy from last
night crying. She had failed her Master and had broken his rules. She deserved
this punishment but still felt very, very bad for it. She opened her mouth to
say something but a quick glare from Donavan stopped her from saying anything.

He looked down at her and tried to think of something to say. Never before had
she been threatened by the presence of one of the slaves. He shook his head.

"I'm trying to understand you little one," he said after a few moments. "You
know what the rules are. And yet you felt strong enough to feel threatened to
heap more abuse on this girl than what I allowed. I can understand this. But I
told you that I was not going to give you up. Is my word not good enough for you
now? This is unacceptable."

Harriett tried to choke back the tears from the talk her Master was giving her.
Of course she had been a fool. She had placed her trust in him years ago so why
now would he break his word to her.

Donavan walked over to the refrigerator and retrieved another bottle of water
and opened it and allowed Harriett to drink from it. He then righted the table
and released her from her restraints. She fell to her knees and began to kiss
his feet and apologize most profusely for her actions. He ordered her to go and
get cleaned up which she did grateful for no more abuse that he would inflict on
her... or so she thought.

Donavan turned to Jolene and cocked his head just looking at her. He retrieved
an odd looking dildo from his cabinets and slowly inserted it into her. Jolene
gave out a little sigh at this pleasant intrusion.

"You like this don't you slave?" he asked.

"Yes... Master" she was able to whisper back to him as he began to slowly push
the dildo in and out of her., her pussy slowly becoming wetter with each push.

"Well that's good... because you are going to have this in you for some time
today." And with a twist of the bottom plate of the dildo Jolene felt long
objects pushing out from the object and began pressing into her soft pussy
walls. Her body stiffened from this new sensation. He removed his hand and the
dildo remained in place as the poles pressed into her. Donavan the retrieved a
set of chains and hooks and attached one set to one ring in her labia and ran it
around her leg and hooked it to the other ring on the same labia. The chain
wasn't long enough to circle easily and the effect was her labia being pulled
stretched out. He repeated this process for the other side.

He stepped back to survey his handy work. Her pussy was now stretched open for
all to see... if it wasn't for the dildo crammed into her. He then took a weird
looking metal plate that looked almost like a small cod piece and affixed it to
the bottom of the dildo and with a click Jolene realized it was locked into
place. He then grabbed a tube of superglue and poured a liberal amount onto her
clit and pressed the metal plate that extended from the bottom of the dildo over
the front of where her pussy hair would be if it hadn't been shaved. He held it
in place until he was certain that the glue took and it would remain in place.

Jolene couldn't understand what had just happened and was even more confused
when Donavan looked at her and said," We don't want you having to good of a time
tonight now do we?" Donavan had just sealed Jolene up from any intrusion into
her pussy at the party tonight. If someone was really desperate they could rip
the contraption off and have her. But Donavan had partied with these people
before and they all knew not to mess with the device he placed on her. The
reason for it was two fold... 1) he didn't want anybody fucking her and possibly
getting her pregnant by accident, and 2) being unable to gain any clitoral
stimulation she would be in a state of pure tension until he chose to relieve
that tension.

Harriett soon came out of the bathroom crawling on her hands and knees keeping
her head down. Donavan ordered her upstairs into the basement where he had set
up two shipping crates the night before. Harriett saw these and began to move
away from them. She knew what those crates meant. Donavan was ready for this and
kicked her in the butt back towards the crates..." Get inside one," he ordered.

Harriett was unsure what to do... Should she follow the orders of her Master and
trust him that no harm will come to her or should she try and make a break for
it? Any time they put someone into these crates they were never seen from again.
Was this going to happen to her? Had she over stepped her bounds and had her
Master decided to sell her off? The thought of spending the rest of her life in
a whore house, like they had condemned so many other girls to, without her
Master was to much for her and she started to cry again.

Donavan shook his head and really was concerned with Harriet's behavior...She
had given him more problems this last week than almost the entire time they had
been together. With a shove of his boot he pushed her towards one of the crates.

Still sobbing Harriett crawled into the crate. And lay on her back. The crate
was small enough that she had to pull her legs up to her chest to fit in. Once
in Donavan secured her hands to restraints to the sides of the crate and banded
her legs together at the ankles with a set of steel restraints, then affixed a
massive dildo to them. He then took a ball gag and fitted it to her head. This
gag had a small attachment to it which he affixed a small pump and began to
inflate the gag to jaw breaking size. He then secured her head to the crate and
picked up the top and placed it on the crate. He located the rearward jutting
dildo and brought the lid down hard on the poor girl. Harriett gave out a long
wail of discomfort as the lid settled down and locked into place. Donavan smiled
to him self. Now Harriett legs were neatly folded heels to ass and that the
massive dildo was buried deep in her over-stretched pussy.

Secured in the fact that she wasn't going anywhere soon he walked down back to
the basement to prepare Jolene. Harriett had been easy. She would have listened
to him whatever he said. Hopefully after tonight she would give him no more
problems. Jolene he wasn't to sure about and so when he got back down he pulled
out a syringe and inserted into her arm and injected a mild knockout drug and
shortly she was asleep and packaged similarly to Harriett.

THE END

For now...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SteelWhip


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





