BDSM Library - Move Over Please




Move Over Please
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He broke into the house and captured the housewife. Soon more and more girls dropped by. What a lucky day for him.
                          Move Over Please by ADS

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Move Over Please

Jack scrutinized the red colonial home from the shrubbery vantage point of
the backyard woods crouched near a meandering brook. It seemed safe and a
kitchen window was ajar. The garage door was closed and the driveway empty
on this gorgeous Spring day. The odds appeared above average for a
successful excursion within said abode.

The surrounding neighborhood appeared empty as well and devoid of even
toddlers, yapping dogs and curious cats. The residential homes possessed
spacious greener than green lawns without a single yellow dandelion
infestation to be seen. Prospects grew better and better for a quick little
job, excellent return potential and very little invested time.

Scrabbling up the leafy slope Jack bashed through some wisteria and reached
the short green grass. Jack ascended with alacrity the back deck stairs to
grabbing a sturdy white lawn chair from the deck in passing.

The designated window had a screen that slid further up and then the window
followed silently up. Jack glanced inside before bringing the deck chair
closer under the window ledge. He used the chair as a stepping platform. He
scrambled in, froze and considered.

A deathly silence cloaked the house, almost ominous. It was best to linger
in a sheltered alcove before the actual breaching of the premises. Caution,
always caution, counted.

Antique brown and pinewood colors and materials filled the kitchen. A
breakfast nook was constructed off to the right with a strong reinforced
inset table and a set of chairs. Walking carefully by he inspected their
grain and sturdiness and admired their strength. His respect for the
homeowner's taste went up even as their security procedures obviously had
failed. Nearby breakfast debris congealed on ugly plates and crumbs lay
scattered indicating a certain sloppiness.

A clock bonged once starling Jack. Noises always bothered him in strange
houses. People and animals often were attached to such noises. Since
nothing furthered moved, beeped or jumped, he continued judiciously.

In the next room elaborate blue drapes outlined the windows with a large
dining area set for eight as the room's centerpiece. Polished mahogany
glistened. Nothing obvious yet in terms of quickly portable loot but the
prospects seemed excellent.

Suddenly a door to his rear banged and footsteps grated on tile. Looking
behind into the kitchen he saw movement through a further door. His luck
was abominable. Dashing soundlessly behind a dark louvered door he peered
through a crack to see who had entered and gauge his escape chances.

An older woman in a short and thin sundress with spaghetti straps clicked
clacked in on high white polished heels. She whistled and sang snatches of
some popular song: "Horse with no name, I got to get in from the rain." She
tossed a small white purse with a gold clasp and chain onto the Formica
counter as she bounced on by.

The dress hid but failed to conceal a lithe form, large pointed breasts for
her small five-foot frame and a thin waspish waist. The lips were a dark
shade of red and hazel eyes framed with long yellow born locks. Though
older than Jack she still maintained herself and Jack smiled in
satisfaction. This dame was eminently fuckable.

She strode fearlessly through into her dining room and never suspected or
sensed an intruder lurking nearby. As a matter of design but not intent
Jack prepared himself for any eventuality. In his pocket laid several short
and convenient lengths of heavy-duty yellow nylon cord with a densely
packed ball of high strength twine. Reaching in he produced a two-foot
length and swept her wrists behind in a traditional locking maneuver of
three loops around and two down.

"Who - who are you?" she gulped and gasped equally breathlessly. Her voice
simmered on the edge of audibility.

"Just your friendly neighborhood burglar, mam. Take it easy and let me tie
you up and minimize what must be bad day for you."

"Ok, please don't harm me, please."

"Farthest thought from my warped mind, pretty damsel. Anyone else home
today?"

"N-nooooh!" He wrapped a cord up through her thighs yanking it tight and
thereby startling her some.

"Take it easy, mam. It's just a common leash. With your ravishing body and
probable experience you should be used to being roughly handled and
mastered." The yellow rope parted her dress letting her stocking tops show
and her rosy panties. Settling the leash neatly in the middle of a woman's
cunt was a private hobby of his. Girls initially always resisted but it
assisted immensely during foreplay for a busy man. He circled her slim
waist with another rope to anchor the leash in front. A good foot extended
out from her belly into his hand.

"Oooh, that's too tight please." Tears streamed in torrents from her limp
blue eyes.

Jack grinned and pulled an extra inch up upon her harness adjusting the
central knot. "Now it is tight enough!"

"Ooooohhh!" Her tiny feet pitter-pattered anxiously on the floor. Jack
swiveled her about keeping the leash high and her on the tips of her toes.
"Please - I'll - don't hurt me." Pulling back on her blonde curls with his
other had, Jack admired how she thrust her tits up in response and pouted
saucily. The sharp nipples beckoned and signified hours and hours of sheer
fun and aroused entertainment for the both of them. "Just pull my leash. I
will follow you anywhere!"

Of course he yanked her rope, that was the intent of the tether. She
squealed and trailed behind her lead cord meekly returning towards the
kitchen where she had been last so carefree. Pointing at a wooden chair
Jack rapped harshly while dropping her leash: "Sit your pretty ass down!
Now!"

"Yes, sir!" She jumped to obey and squatted promptly and modestly crossing
her legs as she did.

Jack calmly examined the kitchen and found a soggy soapy dishcloth
loitering in the stainless steel sink. He squirted a dash of green
Palmolive dish detergent for an extra sudsy effect. Returning to his
captive/girlfriend/hostess he stopped the beginnings of a boisterous
eruption of dissent by stuffing the cloth in her throat and mouth and then
tying it with yellow cord knotted over her bulging red lips. The cord
neatly blended invisible within her hair.

With her shocking gag her knees had unsprung and lay several inches apart.
Jack adjusted then even further apart automatically. Her eyes blazed with
either anger, shame or lust as her panties peeped out again. She angrily
shoved her knees together once again when he let go. It seemed that would
not do at all to her way of thinking.

Searching about the unperturbed Jack produced a two-foot pole previously
used to lock shut a patio sliding door by lying in the track. Normally it
kept burglars out. Now it was handy for a burglar and would ensure that the
lady learned how to spread her knees. It had kept her door locked; now it
locked open her knees after Jack finished tying it in place.

No doubt about the woman now, she was furious!

Jack looped her ankles side by side and then passed another loop around the
H cross beam beneath the chair connecting her solidly to the frame. From
there the cord continued to her wrists behind her buttocks.

She observed his manipulations with sarcastic disdain. Carefully she
flinched each knee testing the strength of her pole and the tightness of
her fastenings. It would do she decided after awhile. She was well set for
his entertainment and amusement. She sighed respectfully just to be careful
though with some reservations.

Her leash dangled by her crotch inviting his will.

"MMMPHHH!" she said incoherently.

"Same to you, though you seem more logical than normal." He rechecked all
of her bonds making sure none were likely to be released by a little extra
female effort. The key was to keep the knots out of reach of fretful
questing fingers. Unable to resist anymore he tickled the inside curve of
her huge breast with a gloved hand. She stirred and complained. Always they
protest!

Going over to her white purse he dumped its contents which spilled and
dribbled countless tint pieces of crap. Still he managed to locate twenty
bucks in cash. He pocketed it quickly on larcenous principle. Not much but
he could purchase pizza and beer with it and it was a proper start.

He returned to the lovely lady's side and squeezed her tit goodbye. "See
you later, whore. I need to inspect upstairs for anything small and
valuable. You, I will see to later. What do you say to a friendly fuck?"

"MMMMPPHHH!"

"Always the same bad language. Alas!"

Wandering upstairs, he explored for jewelry and strong boxes. Though he
ascertained nothing much he did find another forty-three dollars. Not a
great return on his effort but tax-free which helped.

The grandfather clock downstairs announced half past one. Again, almost on
cue, the back door slammed and someone yelled about something or other.
Jack recursed and recursed again and hustled downwards to check out what
happened or to flee depending on circumstances.

"Cheerio! It's Emily from next door, Janice. Paul is busy tonight with a
business client and I wondered if I could invite myself for dinner. We
could keep each other company while our husbands are out." The laundry door
swung open as Jack arrived by the dining louvered door.

Janice, who had to be sitting on her chair muffled and restrained, watched
her lovely friend come in with her back to Jack. Janice has not budged an
inch and sparkled with sweat from her exertions. Completely attentive to
Emily she ignored Jack's continuing menace.

Emily was a striking brunette a decade younger than Janice with luxurious
long straight hair to below her shoulder blades. She wore heavy black clogs
and a short black skirt with matching hose. Smartly covering her top was a
purple blouse with big white buttons in front and all tied off above her
bellybutton. White belly peeked not so innocently above her skirt line.

"Something about Janice! What happened to you?"

Jan grunted and twitched her thighs. Her leash still hung from her crotch
inviting any hand, female or male, to take charge and trifle with her
dainty feminine attributes.

"Wait," Emily posed hands on hips. "Is this some sick game with Louie? She
smiled: "Or can anybody play?"

"Mmmmm!"

Emily hurried over to coo and sooth her friend with a soft hand landing
nonchalantly on a full breast. When she did come over, Jack pounced on her
handsome sturdily built rear. Of course she resisted and attempted to back
kick with her clogs. What fun would it have been for poor Jack if she
collapsed in a faint?

Powerless to completely thwart her vicious attack by standing, he directed
her over to the table to bend at the waist. Her face went smack flat on the
table top. "Get the Hell off me, you bastard!' She idly threatened. She
twisted this way and that and twitched desperately but ineffectively under
his stern onslaught of weight and muscle.

He dry humped her for awhile while holding her arms bent sharply up towards
her shoulder blades and her head down. Emily knew a hard dick when it
shoved up against her ass demanding entry. Strangely she began to thrust
back and wiggled a bit less of that way and more of a softer this way. Her
hands relaxed requiring less pressure to be safely pinned. "God damn it,
let me go! That hurts! And it is terribly demeaning for all women, damn
you! You should be ashamed of yourself!"

"So what?" Emily instantly ceased to speak stunned at the realization that
she possessed no suitable reply. Philosophy failed when one suffered a
severe physical disadvantage. Meanwhile taking advantage of the
opportunity, Jack packed in a brown cloth napkin until her tongue got
caught and her cheeks puffed up nicely. Her black eyes darted about and
pissed pure poison but she otherwise accepted her gagging as inevitable.

Jack examined her eyes as he strapped her napkins in with some yellow cord.
He pulled her gag down with a sharp yank creasing her cheeks and making her
tear. Still pinned by his weight she attempted to reach back with her
partially freed hands for which he humped her some more to warm her up. Her
eyes expressed startlement and fury. So he coaxed another inch from her
mouth strap before knotting it. Then he crossed and secured her hands with
some rope.

With her fastened, he could afford some idle time amusement so he carefully
slid off her backside. The clock struck two as he fondled her still vainly
moving rear end up close under her skirt. Lifting her hem in a quick
motion, he discovered hot pink panties with a black lace trim hugging her
hips. She snarled over her shoulder as he patted gently her firm young
flesh.

Janice, from her chair, sighed guiltily and lonely. She viewed her
neighbor's accosting with deprivation. Emily had been tamed as she had
been. She attended every touch and every word with keen interest. Jack
noticed her attention.

Girls preferred having company when they were being humiliated and watched
with open curious eyes each other's troubles and humiliations. Some vague
theory of sharing or socializing Jack supposed.

"Well, Emily is it?" Emily growled in acknowledgement, annoyed at the use
of her name by her captor. "What should we do with such a pretty ass? Any
ideas? Any questions for that matter?" Turning he addressed Janice: "You
too, Janice. Feel free to comment or whatever if you desire."

"Mmmmpphhh!"

"Haaaaiii!"

"Some foreplay did you say? You girls need so much attention. Tsk, it is
annoying." Jack removed his gloves. Bare hands, despite the risks, were
required today from now on. From Emily's loud opening announcement, it
sounded like husbands or boyfriends were off fooling around or making money
and were not likely to be returning for several hours. It did not matter
what they were off to doing. What they had foolishly left behind needed
robbing. Plump boobs and firm asses guaranteed free entertainment for a
lazy afternoon romp even with perilous dangers.

"MMMMMPPPPHHHH!"

"Aaaaggghhh!"

Jack clutched Emily's pink panties by the ass crack and yanked her back and
up onto her two feet again. "Up, you lazy whore, up"

She gesticulated with her fingers or attempted to do so. She stood straight
with Jack's hand under her panties and skirt detaining and compelling her
to obey with a finger across her g-spot and in her vagina. His other hand
reached in and plucked a naked tit, no bra on this angry feminist. He
unbuttoned her blouse leaving the last button attached. Now her proud round
boobs peeked pleasantly out of their purple holders with flaming red
nipples. Looking down at her indecent display, Emily appeared to approve of
her appearance and casual undressing.

"Janice, move over please and make room for Emily's ass." Janice leaned
back and attempted to digest what he had commanded. No way could she move
without assistance!

"MMMPPPHHH!" She flexed her strong white thighs, which the pole controlled.
Her panties flashed under folded layers of flowered dress. Emily watched
her friend this time with nave attention as she exercised her trapped body
to try to tell Jack that she was too well bound.

"Tsk, tsk, Janice you must simply come to terms and be more obedient to a
simple request. I suppose that I will have to help you again." Quickly Jack
leashed Emily's throat and attached her to a convenient chair. Sidestepping
a near miss to his crotch, he disciplined her by rubbing her warm upper
thigh above her black stockings. She stared in her face with utmost furor.

Then he occupied himself with dear Janice as he redid her securing ropes as
Emily bumped her chair up and down and pouted.

First he pulled her dress with accompanying white bra down under her tits
and on top of her elbows. Now her tits breathed as easily as did Emily's.
Emily grunted something that Jack assumed was another aspect of girlish
conversation and sharing. Now both were fully exposed and neatly framed but
together as it were. Emily's eyes did not glare as hotly once her friend's
tits unveiled. Rivalry flared instead. Whose tits would receive more
molesting: Emily or Janice?

Shortly he had them positioned back to back on the single chair with elbows
interlocked and tied above and below the funny bone. Small quiet hands
rested in each other's laps where white thighs covered by stockings waited.
He could imagine their eager exploring red tipped fingers marching over
each other's vagina and thighs. Each had their own pole spreading their
knees keeping them user friendly and visible all the way to their panties.

Under the chair their high heels were dragged at angles backwards until a
rope connected them together on the central H beam. Ankles were restricted
too with a tie line above the H beam to each other's ankles. This caused
them to rest their heels in their shoes solidly on the floor rather than
trying to move to tiptoe to relieve the strain even momentarily.

Each had a leash. Janice's dangled from her rosy panties. Emily had hers
suspended from her throat mixing with her gold necklaces all the way to her
navel. For the moment they looked too good on Emily. Later Jack would
collect the gold necklaces.

"Oh well, back to work. Have fun sweeties! I will be back to see who can
give me a better blow job or maybe I will have both you vying for the honor
of a cum soaked face."

"MMMPPPHHH!"

"Aiiiee!"

Leaving them to play ass games and generally tug at their bonds and each
other, Jack retraced his way upstairs. After a major effort he located a
strongbox and smashed his way inside to find $403 in cash, a diamond
necklace and an emerald bracelet. He loaded them away into his wallet and
pocket for later retrieval.

Creeping back downstairs around three, he observed his girlfriends and
stolen property behavior. Emily was arching her back and tugging at
Janice's leash. She kept her friend's twat busy and her ass levered up off
the chair. Both sets of rosy excited breasts heaved and weaved interesting
circular patterns. Indeed he had heard the active scraping of their chair
as it moved about the tiled floor due to their exertions. Both focused
inwardly without a care about who was watching their liveliness.

Nothing like a little rope and plenty of time for girls to derive joy from
their inhibitions set free. Having nothing else to do and nicely intimate
with shared skin space, girls will always find something to do when
confined and unable to gossip.

Unanticipated the front door banged open and shut bringing a new female
visitor to join the party. It was one of those days for Jack as he stared
at her surprised face and gawking mouth. Spinning rapidly about he studied
his latest arrival. Nubile and a bare teenager, maybe 16, she posed on one
foot in a denim blue jumper and white pullover fluffy sweater. Her
deliciously shaped pear like tits shaped and molded her sweater. "Oopswhere
is Mom? My name is Alice and who are you? Do you know where my Mom is
please? I need to ask about access to the web for my social studies report
on the Civil War."

She dropped her school books and bag on an adjacent table. Some scattered
and they dropped to the floor. She regarded the mess and nervously picked
at imaginary lint on her hem. Flat corn yellow hair cascaded over her
chaste pure face and upright shoulders. The same tilted nose and conical
tits graced both her and her mother in the kitchen. She had some room to
grow yet though. The relative resemblance was obvious and Jack wished to
know how she looked beneath her clothing too; scientific curiosity of
course.

"Mom! I" Finally she grasped the fact that Jack did not fit the normal
manner of a visitor with grungy jeans, grizzled chin and cheeks and torn
white T-shirt. Frankly the stranger was examining her lovely body with
lustful inquisitiveness like the teenaged boys at school. From the kitchen
drifted vague mutterings and suspicious grunts of a developing dilemma for
her: stay and find out about rape, leave screaming or faint. "Uh, who are
you mister? Why, what is going on"

"Your friendly neighborhood thief, lovely maiden. Now stay calm and keep
your mouth shut and you will not be harmed."

"How" She edged back frowning while she glanced about gauging escape
routes. "Mom!"

Chasing after her and tackling her pristine and frail body from the rear
was just part of another normal day gradually getting all screwed up.
Luckily it was fun too. Forcing her to kneel on the white carpeted steps,
he strapped her wrists behind while keeping her sobbing head down as he
contained her youthful enthusiasm and pitiful panic with yellow cords.

Loose papers fluttered all over and Jack helped himself to several as a
natural gag that would cloy her senses and dissolve into a horrid mess
inside her mouth. Idly he noted that the papers he selected were some sort
of algebra test for which she had received an A-. He stuffed as much as she
could hold and then poked it in more with his fingers and jammed some math
notes in too. Her brown nave eyes pleaded with Jack who ignored such
nonsense from such a comely youngster. His hot cock, contained still within
his jeans, prodded at her untainted derriere reminding her of forbidden
bookish desires that she had read of and could no longer deny a man.

"IIIEEEEPPPHHH!" she sadly sung as his hands dipped under her denim jumper
to expose bare thighs and white bikini panties. Hiking up her dress to the
waist he lassoed a belly rope for her and threaded her crotch with cord
like dear Mom for her late afternoon guided raveling. Already her eyes were
closed and dreaming of thinking she had a nightmare of being towed upstairs
to her cute bedroom and getting her panties assaulted.

Hauling her to her slim brown sandaled feet, she placidly trotted behind
him into the kitchen slowly chewing her homework. Once there Emily and
Janice elicited muffled screeches with their tits brightly blushing an even
deeper crimson at being caught in an overly friendly engagement of hands
and thighs. Still three females now shared the crime of exhibitionism and
indignities. In a minute they would adjust and calmly accept further
physical outrages and carnal abuses.

Overall Jack grew concerned. The day had progressed from a normal robbery
to triple potential rape. Weirdness was getting out of hand. Potential
penalties increased every second and the cops became damnable persistent in
these sort of matters. He may have to leave them tied and unfucked, which
was a shame. One or two he could have managed and tried to persuade them
with an orgasm or two.

"MMMMPPPPPHHHHH!"

"AAAIIIIEEE!"

"Mmmaaammmaaaa, mmmna ppphhhuuuu ya!"

"I see that you three ladies are acquainted," Jack muttered.

Janice glanced nervously at her chair seat realizing how soon her meager
piece of real estate would be diminished and edged her thighs forward to
allow room for Alice to be seated. She assumed that the routine request
would be made shortly based on her prior experience. Emily, a bit
bewildered, belatedly humped forward too clearing a tiny spot in front for
another behind.

"Well what shall we do with your lovely bodies, ladies?" Only bewildered
looks, some of outrage, crossed eyes and faces.

"I repeat what shall we do? Watch TV? Read a book? Give a blow job? Any
suggestions?"

"Aiiee!"

"Mmmmaaammma!"

"Phkaa yaa, mmmmphhh!"

"Very interesting indeed. Tie you up until you are screaming into your
gags? Ah so it can be well arranged and quickly too."

All three shrieked in some mumbled variation as it leaked past mushy or
sudsy gag stuffing.

"Now that we are all in agreementplease make room for your new girlfriend
and mine. All of you will be sharing this seat because that there is a
shortage of available chairs." Both Janice and Emily attempted to gather
their butts on the very edge so that only a trace of panties grazed the
very brim of the chair. Though they endeavored to do their best, the
seating space was thin indeed and inadequate for comfort for any one of
them.

Jack lashed Alice to the chair and ambled around squeezing luscious tender
and bare tit flesh as he went. He regretted removing their knee poles but
he had to. They sacrificed too much space and Alice needed the room to
squeeze in. Emily and Janice had been quite accommodating in their training
and could move on in their education now. Besides Alice was a rookie and
required a certain amount of shyness from her mother as well as herself for
proper future upbringing. The older women would have to be pretend to be
less slutty.

Eventually he had the succulent trio carefully balanced on their crowded
chair whose every inch was occupied. Emily and Janice still had their butts
immediately adjacent with hands hitched now to each other knees. Their
meandering fingers could only stroke a small portion of thighs and knees.
In addition Emily had gained a crotch leash to match the other girl's
style. All three sets of elbows had been interlocked in a complex weave so
that each had to support the other in achieving a precarious metastable
balance on the chair. All three had their crotch ropes anchored in front,
through her cunt, under the chair and onward to a center knot with the
other two ladies. Ankles remained the same underneath their chair with
Alice joining the other two in demure union. Alice was affixed in the front
of the chair with prim knees pinned. Her Mom and Emily also pushed their
knees closely together as a good example for Alice.

Janice twitched her cunt bothering Alice and Emily. They reacted rotating
their asses in response trying to achieve a new vaginal equilibrium under
the chair.

Vaulting up on the table top Jack sat himself and surveyed his happy newest
acquisition, teasing her breasts and then revealing them by tugging her
sweater up over her head tousling her hair. Of course he unsnapped her
white bra cups and let them droop to either side.

Quite awesome, her tits proved to be as fine as her mother's set. She
squeaked the same too as she discovered her shameful exposure. Abruptly she
glanced askew over her shoulder towards the front of the house. Jack
swiveled and swore.

Bobbing auburn heads were visible on the sidewalk sauntering along in
imminent arrival at the front door. Luckily none spied him or his comely
toys. He returned his attention immediately to the poor dispirited Alice.
"You knew someone was coming?"

She nodded: "Hmmm!"

"How many are there in all and when?"

"Hrmmphhh!"

He compressed her nostrils and stroked her supple tit. Alice gasped or
tried to and her wonderful tits oscillated grandly. "How many? Blink your
left eye!"

"MMMMM!" She winked twice.

"Repeat!"

She did and he released her nose. Alice trembled in fright and relief her
bosom heaving and quite distracting.

Twice. Two more. He fondled her tit as he reflected on the odds and the
conditions. He had seen two heads. What a busy day! Women tended to be
scarcer than a four leaf clover especially those softened to agreeabilty by
romance or by bondage. Here he had three and two more unsuspecting
volunteers. Sighing he rose and departed to check the new arrivals. Never
could he have imagined a wilder day, not even in his dreams and yet what a
wonderful way for it to be weird. Weird and growing worse he suspected.

The front door was unlocked and he opened it an inch or two to have it ajar
for the approaching teenagers. Then he vanished into a corner where he
crouched out of sight. The two innocent waifs were of Alice's age. They
dressed alike and seemed twins. The doorbell rang but he stayed and waited
listening to their conversation and judging what they wanted or expected to
find.

"Say, Stacey are we staying for dinner?"

"Alice said it was okie-dokie. I told Mom so anyway so she won't be
concerned."

"We should be three or four hours checking the web on John Brown and -
and..."

"The abolitionists, Stephanie, abolitionists."

"Did you see Dave today? Is he hot or what?"

"Yeah, wowsie, wowser. I wonder where Alice is? Should we yell in and see
what we hear - hey the door is open. Maybe we should walk in and, like,
shout or something."

"Ya."

Glorious wonderful day and night! Not only did they wander freely in but
provided all of the necessary information in short terse sentences. Some
days were inspired and lucky but this day dawned a new era of perfection.
How much more could he take? Now he had two spanking brand new sluts,
identical, and available for several hours. His cock was going to burst
with blood if it kept up at this pace. Jack prayed a load of thanks to God
for his luck. Now they were waltzing almost into his arms! Scrambling back
he waited to pounce.

The fresh virgins sauntered in peeking about and cooing. "Hello, hello!
Anybody here! Alice! We have arrived!" They giggled in unison. Shrugging
they confidently proceeded inwards quietly closing the door behind them.
The hallway opened onto several rooms: living room, family room and dining
room. They traipsed rapidly into the family room where Jack hid.

Three secured sluts shouted weakly from the kitchen. Jack growled and
appeared. The twins nervously hiccuped, swiveled and collapsed in a dead
faint across the yellow and beige patterned couch.

How much more could he expect? Already his heart pounded. How much pretty
tit and curvaceous ass could a man have and not die of a heart attack in
orgasm? When would the cops arrive, laughing and chuckling, and say
surprise? How many years in the pen bending over would he receive as fair
recompense?

Ogling down at the identical pair of teenaged sluts, he approved of their
vertical red striped blouses and maroon wrap around skirts. Knees dipped
open from their mild fall and resulting sprawl. Tranquil facial features
breathed sluggishly but hypnotically with the rise and fall of their
magnificent breasts. As he hunted through their loose clothes he detected
now terribly thin in waist and hip they were and yet how full bodied their
upper torso.

Flipping them he crossed limp wrists and bound with more yellow cord to a
typical leash pull design through their thighs. Reflipping them he belted
them with a yellow rope for the leash to tie to. #1 received a white scarf
lying on a nearby coffee table for her mouth smartly strapped down. #2
acquired a brown cloth napkin from the breakfast nook to fill out her
cheeks.

The girls stirred, uneasy and melancholy in their slumber as they flexed
their fingers and groaned. Whipping out a glass of water he splashed across
their faces to revive them. Bewildered and marvelously restricted, the
petite duo sat stiffly straight side by side. Constantly active, they
worried their wrists, sniffled and uncertainly pumped their rumps up and
down. Obviously a leash was new concept to their unsullied minds and they
remained uncertain of its purpose or where it all led. Imploringly they
beseeched their new boyfriend for instructions with their liquid eyes and
soft sobbing.

Now that they were under strict control, Jack lifted up a corner of each
skirt while the girls fidgeted wondering why he bothered until they blushed
in delayed realization of the obvious. The one twitching on the left
tantalized with red striped panties. The goosey female on the right wore a
conservative soft gray plaid design.

He decided to name them Stacey and Stephanie in that order just to
distinguish them though the order could be mutable. At least in this way he
could identify them and figure which was which. It did not matter much but
Jack liked a friendly atmosphere and knowing a girl on a first name basis
relaxed them and him. Once pulled on her leash both would do what came
natural. What girl could resist?

Hauling them up on their thick red platform shoes, he escorted them into
the kitchen where their compatriots tarried and complained in garbled
mutters and slurred words. Everybody aspired to babble simultaneously with
the twins' entrance. A greeting to their sisters with whom they would share
a warming experience.

"Mmmmmppphhhh!"

"Aiiiggghhh!"

"Haa maa, haappphh!"

"Oooo!"

"Ohhhh!"

"Now where do I put you two? The chair is too full and another chair seems
plebian. Where o where should your tempting rear ends go? Maybe the table
you say?" The twins glanced at one another and chuckled. The decisions were
always forced upon the guy. It was a bother but a man had to do what he had
to do.

Gently he lifted the twin bondagettes up onto the table top at opposite
corners. He crossed and fastened their ankles in back if the nearest table
leg. Their thighs opened naturally due to the table corner so he closed
them making them ass inch closer to the corner and then lashed them firmly
in place as was proper for youngsters. He made them press their elbows
together that their lithe athletic bodies managed easily and firmly tied
them. Finally he let their leashes hang out over their laps.

The twins conversed in a subdued murmur as best they could. So did the
other stupid women on their chair despite the gags and drooling spit.

Stacey and Stephanie expressed their intense fascination by their bulging
eyes by close scrutiny of his attentions and when he stuck a finger high on
their inner thighs, they softly moaned and tried to part their limbs.
Responding like animals in heat, the twins rocked and rolled under the
exploration of his hands.

Unbuttoning their shirts betrayed more intriguing lingerie facts. Stacey of
the red striped panties had well molded pear shaped tits in a fancy red
bra. Stephanie (dullard gray) preferred her boobs to hide in a plain gray
sports bra.

The hall clock chimed four as he contemplated his newest acquisitions of
virginal prey. Stacey and Stephanie minded carefully and quivered like
Jell-O as their tits were compressed and handled.

"And how do you two cuties ultimately want it? A fast furious fucking or a
slow thrusting? You may not yet understand but you will." Their eyes danced
in astonishment, speculation and worry.

The front door, again, barked a series of profound and disturbing knocks. A
hectic feminine voice hysterically demanded entrance on pain of death.
"Hello? It's Sue. Sue Richardson. Is Emily over here? I was in the
neighborhood and wanted to drop off something personal."

Would the sluts never stop yammering to be tied up? They were arriving
faster than he could bind and introduce himself to them. This was getting
to be a bloody nuisance. Angrily he pinched the Stacey slut's rigid nipple.

"Ooooo!"

Enough was enough! He scratched a stubbly chin full of spiky brown
whiskers. His five girlfriends gawked at his annoyance and fretted over his
possible reactions. They were at his mercy. As for poor Sue, she was only
more competition.

Stomping to the front hall, he flung wide the door. "Well, who are you,
tall dark and handsome," Sue quipped. "Oh oh"

He liked this dumb dame's attitude but he detested meaningless small talk.
He ripped the middle of her blue dress to her belly button, seized her
white bra in the middle and immediately dragged her, hapless but still
witty, within for further exercises of his will and her body.

"aggressive aren't we" Sue panted. A box flew from her delicate hands to
the white tile floor in his haste. Jack threw her next face first against
the wall. His foot kicked the front door closed with a resounding slam
sending a mirror smashing to the floor from the wall. A picture tilted from
the concussion on the far wall. "Not even a hello or up against the wall
bitch? Who are you, my date for the night or what? You are rather abrupt
but cute."

"Hello," Jack blurted in terse reply. He cinched her hands in the usual
manner behind her like everybody else. She appeared to superficially
resemble Emily though appreciably thinner, maybe a cousin or a sister. In
any event her perfectly round breast globes already felt his groping and
belligerent touch.

"Is that your fat prick big boy, or a wad of hundred dollar bills? She
stirred her ass even as he secured her elbows. "I usually get dinner before
being laid or tied up, do you mine? Perhaps Roberto's or my place. Your bed
or mine?"

Tossing her casually down on the dining room oriental carpet, he unzipped
her pocketbook that had fallen in the chaotic struggle for her body, he
automatically rifled its contents and retrieved a few dollars ignoring the
loose change. The purse was overturned and its contents shook out to join
the existing litter of books, pens, pencils, tampons and paper on the
floor. A crumpled handkerchief with other crumbled trash and feminine
doodads slid out that would do for her mouth.

First he pointed his workman's boot tip between her dainty thighs aimed at
her defenseless panties. He tipped up her dress, which protected or guarded
little, with his shoe. Black bikini see-through panties neatly covered her
exquisite and fussy twat.

"Like what you see, big boy? Rather quiet aren't you? Black lingerie is a
must for any woman. You must be my date with your direct habits of attack
and command. What is a pretty girl to do? Well, how do you like what you
see?"

"Sexy, slut." He dove down and straddled her waist with his knees while
sitting on her fat rump. His busy hands grasped her jaw and yanked it open
even as he shoved in her hankie. Once she was filled to overflowing he
strapped it all down.

"Hrmmmphh!" Sue said meaning something or other, whatever.

In another minute Sue regained her feet and proceeded calmly in a casual
walk behind her "date" under his firm management. Once in the kitchen the
existing bevy of trapped and splendid belles shifted uneasily in a
gathering unease at yet another competitor to share Jack with.

"MMMPPPHHH!"

"Ooooo!"

"Oh oh."

"Mmmm mnnnaaa ppphhhaaa!"

"Grmphh!"

"Ggggrrr!"

Sue answered them all back smartly or, perhaps, merely said hello: "Hhhhmmm
eee mmmnnnaaa!"

Jack tugged his good-looking trollop along to her place between the seated
twins who inched to either side to accommodate another woman's late
arrival. He spread Sue's ankles to attach to either twin's ankles while
pinning her knees together. Now she was part of the group. The chaired slut
trio vicariously kept vigil observing every sway and bump of her ass under
his lead hand.

"Damn! This is getting way too much weird girls. One or two would have been
more than enough for me and almost normal in my job description. No, six of
you have to choose to cross my path and practically beg to be bound and
gagged. Where are you sluts when I need you?"

His snared ladies finally managed to know enough to shut up. They watched
him with bright wide eyes studying him carefully. Once Jack had arrived to
rob everything else sort of flowed as inevitable. Sure the girls had some
limited choices but it was their home, not Jack's.

Sluts demanded ropes. It was as natural as having tits for a woman. Gags
followed as a routine precaution until the rookie learned her rope lessons.
All of them writhed and wormed displaying their toy parts: knobby knees,
panties, high-heels, long legs and pointy tits.

Jack fidgeted. He pondered and questioned every available option. What
could next happen? Should he flee? Should he screw a few of them for good
luck? Should he laugh and say it was all an enormous joke pulled by Louie?

Sue murmured caustic remarks to herself as she tested her ropes to the
twins trying to find a comfortable position and, of course, failing. With
her thighs clamped shut her prospects for a nice dinner gradually faded
except for one forced down her throat. Jack had revealed her perky tits and
even now gently sucked on the nipples even as he massaged the thighs of the
Stephanie twin. She had to yield some of Jack to the others she supposed.
She was envious though and it showed in her demeanor.

But it did feel peculiar in another way. Her enforced roped in security in
the company of her friends was remarkably reassuring and natural.

Once again the ominous sound of the front door bell rang breaking the
silence of Jack's thoughts. Someone (female of course, cried out: "Mom! I
forgot my key. Can you let me in please?" Jack groaned. Another dumb cunt
to be hogtied and tamed.

"That's it, sluts. I go to go. Your generosity is too much. Enough is too
much. Some other day or night perhaps can be arranged." Snatching their
gold necklaces as a farewell treat, he deposited the jewelry into his
pocket. "So long my sexy girlfriends. Until I tie you up again. Just leave
a note in the window for me to see."

"MMMPPHHH!"

"HHHMMM!"

"MMPPHHMMMPPPHHH!"

"WWWHHAA NAAA PPHHHUUU?"

"WWHHAHWHAHAH!"

"MMMM?"

"Mom, let us in!"

A glance out towards the front door revealed two skimpily clad teenaged
girls loitering. Not only dear daughter number two but a naive friend
anxious to have her wrists tied. Jack sighed and left.

It was not much of a haul considering. But it had been a fun day as he
slipped away into the forest. Perhaps one of the new female arrivals would
enter and scream in dismay at the sluts having a coffee cloche to which
they had not been invited. Maybe Louie would come home late tonight and
find six gorgeous babes anxious to please absolutely anybody. Jack wondered
what he would do? Probably check the house for other financial losses, call
the police and then (maybe) untie the girls.

Another day, another dollar for Jack.

He had to get out of this business. The perks were too demanding.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ADS(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





