BDSM Library - Toilette and Cuntlicker




Toilette and Cuntlicker
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This was their wedding ceremony, and it's also their two nights and days of initiation to become the club slaves.
Toilette and Cuntlicker   by samuel

This is the continuing fictional series of the experience of Toilet and 
Cuntlicker. 
Part 1 Toilet's Training. 
Part 2 T and C's Initiation.
Part 3 Toilet and Cuntlicker at home.
Part 4 A Visit to Alana.

Part One - Toilette's Training
(S/M, Scat, Enema, WS, Bi sex)

Sam was giving it one last shot at finding a mate as into sexual experimentation 
as he was. He wanted someone who wanted to live a life with him as the 
submissive. On the Internet, he found a Mistress Savana who guaranteed to match 
him with the perfect mate. So he was charged when he rang the door of a rambling 
house down a long tree lined road 25 miles into the hills outside the city. It 
sat in the middle of 40 acres and there was not a neighbor in sight.

The house belonged to Mistress Savana. It featured two clinic rooms just off the 
entry. A hall "V" from there. Down one side were two bedrooms connected by a 
bathhouse. Down the other were Mistress' quarters. Straight-ahead off the "V" 
were the living and Dining rooms. They opened out onto a large deck, then grass 
lawn and a house beautiful trellised garden.

A naked, 6-month pregnant waif with blonde hair answered the door. All other 
hair was non-existent. Her tits were swollen full. You could see droplets of 
breast milk leaking from her large dark nipples. Her tits had probably been a 
"b" cup that is now swollen with milk to a large "c." The fact that she had 
milky tits meant that this was not her first child.

"Come in and be welcomed by Mistress. I am Baby Slave. First you must strip, for 
Mistress does not allow any sub in her presence unless they are fully naked."

"Sam undressed quickly. The waif swept up his clothes, "Wait here, I will 
dispose of these and return with Mistress."

"Sam noted she said, "dispose." By the orders he had received, he had not come 
with any other casual clothes. Only three suits for work. He was an investment 
banker for a small but rising company. He worked on commission alone. He was 
their number one producer with a small but illustrious clientele. What would he 
wear for the next eight weeks of "training" while not at work? He knew the 
answer but was afraid to acknowledge it, "nothing" he murmured. Baby returned 
with Mistress. Mistress was tall with a large bone structure, wide hips, large 
full tits, broad shoulders, thick thighs, and shoulder length dark brown silky 
hair. She was naked too. Her sex and the rest of her body hair were missing too 
like Baby's. He said missing because it was smoother than shaved. There was no 
shadow, no stubble. He thought it odd that a mistress would be naked too, but 
she soon proved that she would be formidable in any attire or none.

"Just as I thought. You are all liars you prospective slaves. You said you were 
6'4" and 230 lbs. However, you are easily 260. Look at that flabby stomach and 
that big butt. This will mean your training will have to be much more intense to 
get you to the 210 you should be. That is 50 lb in 8 weeks. Shit! That is 6 lb. 
a week! You will not only feel the rigors of my conditioning but the revenge of 
my whip for misleading your Mistress. Even then I do not know if I can get you 
in shape enough to marry you off."

"The deal was this. Mistress was to receive a fee of $30,000 to match Sam with a 
mate that would live with him as a sub. She would also train him for such a 
lifestyle. Sam was a decent looking man. He was 40, with most of his hair still 
in place and very little graying. He looked closer to his early thirties. He had 
lost his shape the last ten years. He used be tall and lean. He had a hairy body 
and an average cock, except when it was hard it grew to a full 9," a real 9," 
and thick. A woman's delight, long and thick. His balls hung large and low.

Mistress began to explain the deal. "I have found you a mate. Not a dominant. I 
do not get many, in fact have never had one slave your size. Fortunately, I 
found another sub of larger proportions that also wants to have a sub relation. 
When I am done, she will be as beautiful as you are handsome. Not great but 
pretty damn good."

She continued, "Since you are both subs I will have to find you a live in 
master. I have not selected one but I have several very fine candidates. As I 
get to know you, I will be able to select the right one. In the mean time we 
will begin your preparation and training. Baby will start. I will be in later 
with more details."

Baby led Sam to the clinic room on the right. The clinic rooms were identical. 
Protruding diagonally from the corner was an exam table with stirrups. In the 
middle, there was a large drain. There were a couple of portable medical bag 
hangers and the walls were lined with cabinets. Baby motioned Sam to climb on 
the table. She secured his ankles to the stirrups. His arms were stretched 
behind him. Secured to hooks on the lower sides of the table. A 3' spreader bar 
was sandwiched and tied between his knees. At this point Baby went to the 
cabinets and returned with two electrolysis devices. Now he understood how they 
were so smooth and he understood he would be soon too.

Mistress returned to finish his orientation. As he lay humiliatingly spread 
eagle on the exam table Mistress began, "This will be your last chance to back 
out. First, we will begin by removing all of your body hair, permanently. We 
could use lasers, but this will hurt more, and I like that. Then will come the 
training for your new role. Those details come after you agree to your training. 
During your training, your future mate will be undergoing training in this 
house. You are not to see each other. If you are to be in the same room you will 
both wear masks. I do not think either one of you are ready to be attracted to 
each other in the kind of shape you are in. This does not mean you will not 
touch. You will, every day. A lot. However, if you even get a glimpse of each 
other we will return you to your old homes never to see each other again! 
Understand?"

"Yes" Sam replied. He could not see the crop that Mistress held at her side. 
Thwack!! Went the crop, "what did you say?"

"Yes, I understood." Another crack of the crop, this time much harder, "You did 
not address me with your answer shithead" the mistress screamed. Another blow to 
his buttocks that left a red welt that fully outlined the shape of the crop

Sam quickly responded "Yes, Mistress, I understand Mistress."

"That's better and you are going to a quick learner I hope." Mistress went on, 
"After your training you two will be formally united in matrimony at the 
location of my Mistress club. You will go through a weekend of initiation. After 
you have made it through training and initiation will you be able to journey on 
to your life as a sub couple. If you do not make it through you will be split 
apart, your marriage never submitted and you will never see each other again. 
Got it?"

"Yes, Mistress," Sam replied.

"Agree to it?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Another stinging whip of the crop struck him, this time on the inside thigh. 
"Say it so I know you mean it."

"Sam responded drooling on himself, "Yes Mistress with all my soul. I want you 
to train me so that I may be matched with my soul mate and live the life of a 
sub."

"I may like him, he learns fast," Mistress sneered.

"Mistress then struck Baby across her swollen breasts; "now start his hair 
removal and make sure it hurts."

Tears began to well in Sam's eyes as the electrolysis began on his ball sack. 
Baby had both kinds of electrolysis. One for individual follicles, the other for 
wider skin areas. His balls would have to be done hair by hair. Each application 
stung like a small bee sting. One did not hurt much but add up the total stings 
and one begins to tire of the pain. The pain becomes spread over a large area 
and in time, Sam is beginning to shout with each application. Baby did not 
bother to harness his mouth; she liked to hear his agony. This would be a slow 
process that would be repeated every day for one or two hours; until all of his 
hair below his neck was permanently removed. He now knew why Baby and Mistress' 
vaginas looked so smooth; their hair had been permanently removed.

As Baby saw to Sam, the doorbell rang. Mistress went to answer the arrival of 
Valerie. Valerie was to be Sam's match. At 6'0" tall and 205 lb. she had all the 
features of an Amazon woman. She like Sam wanted to be a sub. This was a tough 
match for Mistress until she came upon the idea of packaging these two as a sub 
couple and bidding them to an appropriate mistress.

Mistress Savana was independently wealthy. A trust fund baby. Besides her build 
she had huge milk filled tits and was wide in the hips since she had given birth 
to one child as a surrogate mother. Her skin was milky white; her rich auburn 
hair hung to her shoulder blades. She had no body hair, it had all been removed 
by electrolysis, pubic, legs, under arms, and everywhere there was dark hair 
except her head. Her vagina had pouty outer lips with distended inner lips that 
flapped an inch below the outer ones. He nipples were dark and _ of an inch 
long. She began to think she might want to keep them.

Mistress lived for her "sorority." It was made of three female couples of 
decidedly lesbian lifestyle but Mistress and Baby could swing both ways. They 
maintained a farm outside the suburbs where the land was rented out but the 
buildings were owned and occupied by them. They had large parties where other 
like minded couples, gay, lesbian, and straight would come. Most of the time 
they met there to share each other in demonstrations of discipline, humiliation, 
and sex. Mistress' on-line match making service and her surrogate mother 
operations financed them. She matched men and women looking for mates looking 
for alternative lifestyles. She was good at it. She rarely missed on matching 
the right people together. The surrogate mother business was lucrative, very 
lucrative. She had done it twice herself and Baby was on her fifth. Since having 
child both of them had kept their tits milking. They were turned on each time 
they were suckled. The Internet brought Sam and Valerie together.

Valerie arrived wearing only an overcoat. The handbag had only work clothes as 
instructed. As Valerie removed the overcoat, she saw Mistress walk into the 
living area and toss the coat into the fire. Mistress could hear her take a 
breath as she realized her only article of clothing was gone. As mistress walked 
back, she picked up the crop she had just used on Sam. As she approached 
Valerie, she backhanded the crop into Valerie's breast. Valerie let out a scream 
and grabbed her welting right breast.

Mistress let her know in a commanding voice, "You will accept my actions without 
question of fear. I will hurt you, I will embarrass you, but ultimately you will 
be safe."

Mistress led her to the other clinic room and started her orientation. She 
placed Valerie in the exam table tied and spread her in the stirrups. Her hairy 
pussy exposed, her tits hung to the side of her body. She first demanded the 
same agreement from Valerie that she had gotten from Sam. She was not to see him 
during training. Feel him she would but not see him. She replied "yes."

Yes was not good enough and the crop came whizzing onto Valerie's cunt. The hair 
did not pad the sting much. "What did you answer?" commanded Mistress Savana.

"I answered yes," replied Valerie.

Another whizzing crop strikes, this time to her left breast. The shape of the 
crop could be seen in the rising welt on her breast skin.

"What was your answer?" screamed Mistress.

"Yes, oh yes," cried a now tearful Valerie.

Another cropping just above her pubic hair. Valerie was bouncing up and down and 
shaking, lifting her buttocks trying to relieve the pain she could not massage 
with her bound hands and arms.

"Yes, I said YES" wailed Valerie without waiting for the question from Mistress.

Big mistake. The crop came raining down hitting her vagina, stomach and working 
its way up to her tits. Much of her torso was welting and red.

Mistress began, "You are not so quick to learn. This could prove to be painful 
for you. You will always address me by beginning or ending with my name, 
Mistress. The quicker you learn this the less painful it will be. Understand?"

"Yes... Yes, Mistress" stammered Valerie.

THWAK, the slow response and stutter cost her another strike to the inside of 
her thigh. Tears were rolling down cheeks and her body continued to sting. She 
could not massage and relieve herself in her bound position.

Mistress went on. "OK, here's the rest of the deal bitch. Your future partner is 
already here. His training and preparation has begun. Yours has too, in a way. 
If your weren't so stupid it would not have been this painful so soon. In a 
minute Baby, my full time slave and lover will come in here and begin to remove 
all of your body hair, permanently. It will hurt and take several sessions to 
complete. As part of your training, you will have chores to complete around 
here. Mostly you will do all of the cooking. You are to be known as 
"Cuntlicker." You will lick a lot of cunt, hope you are bi-sexual. If not, you 
will be. You will suckle my breasts dry of its milk four times daily. While you 
are at work I will pump them so that you may drink up when you get home. You 
will wear a mask anytime you may be within visual of your mate; you will know 
him as Toilette. You will blow job him daily, no twice daily. I believe in "use 
it or lose it" when it comes to sex. However, we will save penetration until 
your marriage/initiation.

You will still go to work every weekday during training but you will return as 
soon as you are off work. Any delay, even for traffic will result in twice the 
punishment you just received. You will take instructions without delay. Do you 
understand?"

"Yes, Mistress," came the quick response.

"Much better. Now you will await Baby's treatment."

As Baby entered, Mistress departed without a word said. Without any further 
words, Baby trimmed her pubic bush with the buzz trimmers. Then she began the 
electrolysis. She began with her vagina lips. Cuntlicker's vagina lips hung low. 
Her inside lips hung out and flapped even lower. There was a lot of vagina on 
this lady. The electrolysis stung her tender vagina skin. She withstand it more 
than Sam and while uncomfortable she kept her composure.

Mistress re-entered the room that bound Sam. She slapped his now bare balls.

"Owww, ow, ow, ow," came his cry.

She could see he had been crying.

"Your partner is here and in some pain from the beating she just took. Seems she 
is a little slower to catch on to the routine of a slave. I think you will like 
her. I think you will be good soul mates if you can make it the 
marriage/initiation. I am going to fill you in on the rest of your stay here. 
You see I was not quite thorough enough when I first got your agreement. Oh 
well, too late now. Here's the deal.

First, you will from now on be known as Toilette. It best describes your future 
duties. You will start each day by drinking the piss of each of us straight from 
our pussies. Your pissing into a specially designed enema bucket will follow 
this. The rest you will find out later. After the morning bathroom, you will go 
to work. You will return promptly after work or receive such a beating as you 
have never experienced. By the way, you will wear diapers to work daily. If you 
have to go it will have to be in your diaper. I expect you to come home wet most 
days. At any time one of us needs to pee, we will pat our cunts and you will 
fall to your knees so we can mount your mouth, err, our toilette and piss into 
it. You had better learn to drink it all fast for if you should spill any you 
will be punished with a very fine whipping.

After work, you will do your chores maintaining the garden in the back yard. 
Naked of course. Your other duties include sucking Baby's breasts dry and 
licking your future mate, Cuntlicker, to orgasm. If this sounds too good, it is. 
Nevertheless, I believe in use it or lose it when it comes to sex. During any 
time with Cuntlicker remember you both are to have masks on so as not to see 
each other. This includes the dinner table. You both should become adept at 
functioning in the dark.

Hair removal sessions will continue until all body hair is removed. You will 
work out for a full three hours in the evening. I expect that excess weight to 
be off in eight weeks. There will be other duties, just remember to say yes 
Mistress to any request without question. Got it?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good," came Mistresses reply and then one more smack of the crop into his balls 
causing him to yell and bounce his butt for relief.

Toilette as he was now known was untied and let down off the exam table. He was 
blindfolded and then the door opened. He could hear people enter. He was led to 
the middle of the room and Mistress pressed down on his head to signal for him 
to get to his knees. When he wasn't quick enough a swat of the crop to the back 
of his knees helped him drop. He was positioned above a drain in the middle of 
the floor. Baby came forward. His head was pushed back and baby straddled his 
face. He opened his mouth as commanded. She lowered her pussy over his mouth. 
Her swollen pregnant belly touched his nose. Her vagina lips were smooth and 
unlike the other two the outer lips covered the inner ones. They felt puffy, 
probably a condition of pregnancy. Just then her pee began to spray. It quickly 
filled his mouth and as he swallowed, his lips closed, and pee ran down the 
sides of his face onto his shoulders and torso. He opened again to have his 
mouth filled only to have to close it to swallow and yellow urine cascaded his 
body. When Baby was done he was immediately lifted, bought standing in front of 
the exam table and immediately bent over and arms were tied to the far end of 
the table.

Mistress began tersely "I said you must swallow all to be worthy of your name. 
Now you will learn why it will be in your interests to learn to swallow with 
your mouth open, to guzzle our hot urine like a cold beer."

With that Mistress handed Baby a bull whip. The kind that cuts. Baby had been on 
the receiving end of this whip but this was a first to administer. She looked 
into Mistress' eyes with thanks and appreciation. She then turned and dealt a 
devastating blow onto Toilette's ass. It left a stripe with a small cut on the 
hip where the tip landed. The next came with the end six inches hitting squarely 
on his right cheek leaving a four-inch cut. The third and final one struck the 
bottom quarter of his ass cheeks leaving a deep contusion but no cut. His legs 
now collapsed, his bound arms holding up his entire body.

Toilette was released from his bounds and placed over the drain. "You better 
wake up fast" came the command from Mistress as she mounted his face. His mouth 
covered her smooth pussy lips. She began her pee. It was a little softer, she 
was not quite as full. He kept his mouth open and guzzled as fast as he could 
but could not keep up with the pace of her bladder emptying into his mouth. Less 
spilled, but spilled none the less. After her pee he was raised back to the exam 
table. This time he was bent backwards over the table his hands secured above 
his head to the table, his body draped over it face up. This time Mistress came 
with a cat o'nine tails and lashed his torso three times. This stung but left no 
wounds.

"Better slave but more work is needed, you will get punished every time until 
you get it right" commanded Mistress.

Once again he was pressed down onto the floor above the drain. A blind fold was 
placed around his eyes. Cuntlicker was led to him. She was blindfolded too. She 
was commanded to straddle and then she had to squat a bit to his mouth. Her 
pussy lips were smooth but her remaining pubic hair above her clit tickled his 
nose. As she started to pee she seemed to spray more around his mouth since her 
large inner lips re-directed the pee. His mouth remained open and he began to 
guzzle like he was in a beer contest. He thought he would have made it had not 
it been for the spraying. But some escaped and once more he was secured face up 
to the exam table. His ankles were secured with spreader bar to expose his 
genitals to the strike of Mistresses riding crop. The first blow struck his 
penis and again he bobbed up and down to relieve the pain, albeit 
unsuccessfully. Baby then taped his cock pointing up across his pubic. Two more 
strikes of the crop hit each ball squarely, Mistress was deadly accurate and the 
pain almost made him puke up the urine in his stomach. Baby ripped the tape from 
his cock taking several pubic hairs with her, a nice painful touch.

They were each led to their rooms where they were allowed to unpack and clean 
up. Baby took Toilette. His first duty was to suckle her full breasts dry. The 
flavor was sweet and the sucking relaxed his pain of the previous ordeal.

Cuntlicker was led to her room by Mistress where she was bathed and suckled 
Mistress' breasts. She too found the breast milking soothing and relaxing. After 
she was done she got to experience her name for the first time. Mistress had 
become horny as she does every time her breasts are suckled. She pushed 
Cuntlicker to her knees on the floor and grabbed behind her head and pushed 
Cuntlicker's face to her vulva. Cuntlicker was a virgin pussy licker but some 
things come naturally. She began to lick Mistress' clit and smooth pussy lips. 
Mistress began to leak cunt juice profusely as she always does. Cuntlicker's 
face became shiny and slimy. Mistress began to ride her pussy up and down on 
Cuntlicker's face. She could feel Cuntlicker's outstretched tongue slide over 
her swollen clit each time it passed. Mistress began to pant and moan so loud 
the other two could here what was going on down the hall. As Mistress came more 
cunt juice oozed from her cunt past Cuntlicker's chin and past Mistress' anus. 
She relaxed holding Cuntlicker's face while she re-gained her strength from her 
orgasm.

They were then blind folded and led to the kitchen where Chinese had been 
delivered and the table was set. As they were led to their chairs Mistress 
explained the special seats as Baby first assisted Toilette before Cuntlicker.

"Go gently down. These chairs are fit especially for you"

As Baby assisted Toilette he could feel a blunt instrument near his anus before 
he felt the seat. A butt plug with vibrator and pump had been attached to the 
seat. It was smaller one, maybe a medium. His asshole spread, his sphincter 
pulsed as the plug opened him up. As he sat the lubricated plug broke the 
sphincter wide with much pain. He yelled out. It had a tip that reached to his 
prostrate so that it would be excited as the vibrator buzzed. The pain subsided 
as his hole engulfed the plug and enclosed its base.

Next came Cunlicker's turn. A dildo, 2 1/2 inches thick and 8" deep was attached 
to her chair to spread her cunt and vibrate as she ate. Mistress began, "These 
devices are only the beginning of the conditioning of your openings. They will 
get larger as we go on. By the end of your training Toilette's ass and 
Cuntlicker's pussy will be so wide and elastic that they will be worthless to 
any cock that should want to venture. It will be like fucking water."

With that they began to eat, blindfolded with their ass and cunt buzzing. They 
were a bit sloppy eating their dinner blindfolded and horny. After dinner they 
were made to lick each other clean. Toilette started by licking rice off of her 
chin. Hot mustard and sweet and sour had fallen unto her tits. Not at all an 
unpleasant experience licking those large tits clean. Cuntlicker licked the 
sauce from his hairy chest. A chest that would be smooth in a couple of weeks. 
Some rice had spilled to his pubic hair and she could feel his thick cock harden 
while she licked his pubic clean. While she was there mistress commanded her to 
suck him off for the first time. She had done this before as she took his meat 
to where her lips touched the base of his penis. Toilette had never had such a 
great suck job and his spunk spurted deep against her throat. She swallowed 
without evidence that he had come but his convulsing body gave him away. As she 
rose he slid down and began to lick her puss. The riding crop bit his ass. The 
pain caused him to muffle a yell in Cuntlicker's pussy. "Do not start until 
commanded" yelled Mistress. "Now bring her off." He finished what he had begun. 
Her puss oozed cum and as her orgasm rose she actually squirted cum juice into 
his mouth. Her eyes rolled as the orgasm swept her body. Her body tingled but 
all she could feel was his tongue licking her sex to esctasy. This is how they 
first began to know each other, by the sense of feel as they licked each other 
clean.

After dinner they were led away from each other. Cuntlicker did the dishes, 
Toilette started his training regimen to get the weight off. After dishes 
Toilette was called to the kitchen blindfolded again. On his knees, Cuntlicker 
was led first to him. He knew the straddle, it was piss time. As she tinkled, he 
guzzled. He made it! She finished and not a drop spilled. But then came Baby 
next. Hey, he made this one too but she never held much in her preggers 
condition so it was easier with the lower volume. Mistress followed. Her sex 
smelled good and as she pissed he enjoyed her neutral piss flavor as opposed to 
the other's more rancid sour urine. Her urine seemed to finish and he closed his 
mouth. Just them Mistress made a final squirt that spayed across his lips and 
down his chin and neck. A mistake, big mistake. Mistress went into her deep 
scolding voice, "You made a bigger mistake than spilling my urine. You assumed I 
was done before I lifted from your face. You almost made it Toilette but now you 
will pay a heavy price."

From there he was led naked out to the garage where he was strung up from the 
rafters, arms spread, spreader bar tied to his ankles. A testicle parachute was 
attached to his balls and a five pound weight hung freely between his legs. Baby 
took the cat o'nine tails and began to flog his front. Mistress cropped his 
buttocks, back of his legs and back. As he jumped from the pain of the attack 
the weights swung and bobbed from his balls. That was pain. He stood still and 
took the flogging. He was let down and collapsed to the cold garage floor. Baby 
and Mistress squatted and pissed on his body one more time.

The next thing he knew a hose was spraying him with cold water cleaning him of 
the urine and making him shiver of cold. He then slept for two hours on the cold 
cement garage floor. During this time the women occupied themselves with 
Cuntlicker. She was about to learn her name. Cuntlicker had always been hetero 
but she already was enjoying the fruits of lesbian nookie. She found herself 
wallowing her face in the cunts of Baby and Mistress. Their sex bled with cunt 
juice as they came many times. They enjoyed the conversion of this big strong 
hetero woman to sniveling cuntlicker. She wanted more and they knew it. Pussy 
juice flowed as Toilette slept his pain away on the cement garage floor.

Toilette was assisted back to the house. Just before he entered the blindfold 
was put on. He was pushed to his knees to the kitchen floor. "Time for the bed 
time pee Toilette" Mistress commanded as she pushed he head to her naked sex. 
His mouth secured itself around her cunt lips and her pee blasted from between 
those lips. This time he drank it all, and waited until she removed her sex. 
Baby was next and she ground her puss lips to his mouth. She tried to catch him 
off guard by peeing quickly but he was ready and able to guzzle her acrid 
liquid. Cuntlicker positioned his head gently and soothingly rubbed her head as 
she began her pee. She squirted small amounts at a time to give him a chance to 
swallow. She knew she would love this man and she wanted to be gentle.

After the pee they were taken and secured to their beds. First Toilette was 
fitted into what was to become his nightly plug. A butt plug, 2" in diameter was 
shoved up his ass. As it was shoved without lube this caused two things. Pain as 
the plug was forced up his asshole distending it wide. His hole had never been 
forced open so wide. The stretching of his hole caused it to sting and hurt 
constantly for over an hour before his ass would accustom to its size. To 
further secure the plug a." leather strap was strung between his asscheeks, up 
past his balls and cock, then attached to a waist belt. Mistress explained, 
"These plugs at dinner and night time will stretch and elasticize your asshole. 
These plugs will grow in size. Toilette was then laid face up, his torso at an 
angle, for late night pees that may be needed... His ass hurt but his tiredness 
over came the pain and he fell asleep.

Cuntlicker was laid on her bed face down but enough room left at the head of the 
bed for one of the ladies to sit in front of her face for any late night cunt 
licking they may want, usually after the late night piss. Mistress really 
enjoyed the tongue work of another female. In the night Cuntlicker would be 
awakened by the bouncing of her bed as Mistress positioned herself sitting 
against the head board. She would grab Cuntlicker by the hair and move her bald 
pussy to Cuntlicker's mouth. Cuntlicker's tongue protruded and began to lick the 
expanding clit of Mistress. As her clit grew large her pussy would leak large 
amounts of pussy juice, Mistress was a squirter. Only a small part of the female 
population can squirt from their pussy glands but Mistress was one of them. She 
loved women and she loved them tied and serving her. As she ground her cunt up 
and down Cuntlicker's face the juice began to glisten Cuntlicker's face, and 
soak the sheets beneath them. Mistress ground faster and harder. Her voiced 
pumped "uh, unhs" with the same rhythm her cunt rode Cuntlicker's face. She got 
so loud Toilette could here them in the next room. He wished Mistress' clit was 
his cock. One last scream and you knew Mistress had cum. As she came more juice 
squirted into Cunlicker's mouth. She found the tangy salty flavor pleasing. 
Mistress them arose and left Cuntlicker horny, trying to grind the sheets to 
cum, unsuccessfully. And from the very first night and every night there after 
Baby and Mistress would pay each of them a late night visit for a "good pee" and 
"face job."

The next morning was a Saturday. Weekends were spent on chores, sex and S&M. As 
with every morning, they started with the ladies peeing down Toilette's throat. 
He seldom missed a drop after that first night. If he did it was followed by 
being harnessed spread eagle from the garage rafters and beat until his entire 
torso was beat red and welted. Sometimes the welts would turn to bruises that 
took several days to heal. After the morning pee, there was breakfast made by 
Cuntlicker. At the table he sat on his butt plug and tried to ignore the pain 
long enough to get some nourishment. The problem was just as he became 
accustomed to the plug it would be replaced by a thicker one. The same for the 
dildo that lodged in Cuntlicker's pussy as she ate. By the time the eight weeks 
were up she could dilate wide enough to have a baby. After breakfast there was 
exercise and gardening for Toilette. As he worked the garden, Mistress and Baby 
would watch on lounge chairs as Cuntlicker earned her name. Toilette was naked 
except for the butt plug fitted and harnessed into his ass. They enjoyed his 
torment as he walked around weeding, hoeing, and hauling in the garden. They 
enjoyed their garden, it's beauty, and watching a naked Toilette slave away.

They included much sexual play. Cuntlicker came many times during the day as she 
face fucked all three and in return they got her off. Toilette only came when 
Cuntlicker was allowed to suck him to orgasm. During this time they were masked 
as not to see each other, so most sex was done in the dark for Cuntlicker. 
Adding to the spice of the weekends were the usual beatings of Toilette and 
Cuntlicker for some deed done poorly. There was nothing that amused Mistress 
more than the opportunity to hang and tie both of them by a rope from a tree 
limb to their wrists. Their arms extended, their bodies dangling. A spreader bar 
held their legs open leaving space for the whips to crack their genitals as well 
as their back, thighs, breasts and torso. Mistress would leave them masked but 
not gagged for the seclusion of the property allowed them to wail without being 
heard. The sound of their screams and begging for the floggings to stop made 
Mistress leak more pussy juice. It was a turn on.

The week days were a bit different. They started with the usual enema games. The 
girls would shit their enemas to the bucket that had collected Toilette's piss 
since the last enema. Cuntlicker would have to mix the enemas into a slurry that 
could pass through the enema hose and nozzle. Baby would then take the bucket 
with its hose hanging from its spout to the shower room of the hot tub where 
Toilette would be waiting. She would shove the enema up his ass and release the 
shit slurry into his bowels. Mistress would often join to watch the nearly 2 
gallons of human waste would painfully expand his belly. After the bucket was 
drained he would be released to the garden where he could relieve his swollen 
belly and fertilize at the same time.

Next Toilette would be sprayed off with the cold hose by Baby. He could use soap 
to clean with as the spray blasted his skin. He would then dress for work. Baby 
would assist. She started with his diapering. Mistress insisted he wear one so 
she could tell when he arrived home if he had masturbated. She could tell if the 
tapes were removed and put back. The best part of this was that it made his 
pants baggy. If anyone patted him on his ass they would immediately know he was 
wearing a diaper. More than one of the ladies at work had suspected he was and 
gave him "friendly" pat to satisfy their curiosity. It was humiliating when he 
was found out and word got around the office. He could not use the toilet since 
he was not allowed to remove the diaper. Mistress loved the thought the he would 
soil his diaper at work and remain in it until he got home. During the eight 
weeks he never soiled at work but on the ride home he could not hold and he 
would pee his diaper. When he did this the first time Mistress watched as he was 
laid on the exam table. Baby released the diaper tapes, pushed his legs up like 
a baby, then proceeded to wipe him clean. Mistress grabbed his arms and tied 
them to the back of the table. Baby helped her push his legs back and secure 
them to the top of the table above his head. His ass stuck in the air, his balls 
hung down but exposed. At this point Mistress picked up his urine soaked diaper 
and shoved it in his mouth. It was one thing to taste their pee, but humiliating 
to have to suck his own. A crack of her crop sliced the air and cracked against 
his ass leaving its tell tail welt. The next crack to his balls was so intense 
he nearly puked from the pain. He bit hard on the diaper to contain his wail 
from the pain of the next whip to his ass. She alternated between his ass and 
balls for ten more swats. Tears streamed down his cheeks, he could not endure 
the pain. "Remember what soiled diapers get you" was all Mistress said as she 
left the room.

Each evening after work was much the same routine. They were stripped of their 
work clothes in the exam rooms where they were tied to the tables. Baby would 
continue with the removal of all hair below the neck. Afterwards, Cuntlicker 
would make dinner. Toilette would drink their pee and exercise in his bout to 
take 50# off. They would drink the milk from the breast of Mistress and Baby. 
Then there was dinner, seated on ever expanding butt plugs and dildos. 
Cuntlicker would suck Toilette's cock of its semen, he would let her pee and 
lick her to orgasm. Even though they could not see each other their love began 
to grow. Their shared predicament sealed their bond. You could feel sorry for 
them, but they chose it.

Cuntlicker's day was much the same. Off to work. She did not wear a diaper. In 
fact she wore nothing but a dress and a chastity belt with a dildo secured up 
her cunt. No underwear, bra, or nylons. The outline of the belt could be 
detected of she was not careful. It had a special feature. There was a battery 
pack that hung between her legs. A radio controlled switch could be turned on 
which activated the vibrator in her dildo. With the chastity belt locked there 
was not way she could stop it. Mistress could activate it from her home. 
Cuntlicker could be talking with a client and a barely audible buzz could start 
in her cunt. Cuntlicker was a heavy "leaker." As she sat in her chair, the dildo 
electrifying her pussy, she would leak unto her dress leaving a wet spot she 
could only hope would dry before its discovery. The dildo could go off anywhere, 
anytime since Mistress did not know what Cuntlicker was doing or where she was. 
She did not care. As she closed her eyes in front of her co-worker's, she would 
bite her lip to keep herself from moaning in esctasy. She would have to be 
creative with excuses to convince her co-workers she was suffering from some 
pain rather than the delight of orgasm that had really engulfed her.

Upon her arrival at home she would receive the same treatment on the exam table 
after the chastity belt was removed and she had peed in Toilette's mouth. The 
wiping up of the days cum juice followed by a whipping for some transgression of 
the day. Her hair removal was complete in three weeks time. Her legs would be 
forever smooth, her pussy like a little girls, and no armpit hair. Most 
interesting, the electrolysis of her underarms was the most painful. The skin is 
so tender there. After the daily exam room activities came dinner and more 
breast sucking (her favorite part of the day). She came to love to suck the cum 
from Toilette. Her large cock would spew semen into her mouth where she would 
let it slide to her belly. She never once gagged. In the evening she would do 
her exercises then spend most of the rest of the evening sucking pussy.

And so it went like this for the eight weeks of "training." The beatings stopped 
a week or so before the end of training to allow the skin to heal. Their skin 
was smooth as silk, and hairless, forever. Toilette could drink piss better than 
any frat boy could guzzle beer. Cuntlicker had become a slut. She was ready to 
suck cock or pussy on notice. In fact, she would begin to whine if she did not 
get enough. A trait that earned her untold smacks to the ass and pussy. 
Toilette's asshole was elastic. Mistress could fist him without even a drop of 
lube. His hole just opened right up. Cuntlicker's pussy was worthless to any 
cock. You might as well be fucking water it was so easy and wide. At the end, 
they were prepared for their wedding. It would happen on a Friday night. It 
would be the first time they would actually see each other.




Part Two - T and C's Initiation
(D/s, BD, WS, Scat, Bi sex) 

Toilette's weight was down to 220 on his 6'3" frame. Cuntlicker's was at 175 on 
her 6'1." Their bodies were rock hard except for Cuntlicker's 40" DD breasts. 
Even though they had never seen each other, their closeness during training had 
left no doubt that Mistress had done her job. She had matched them as mates that 
could spend a lifetime with each other. The part that was difficult to 
understand is that if they were each subs, who was the "top"?

The surprise was that Mistress loved them so much she would let them commit to 
serving her, her slave Baby, and each other. They could not be happier. The 
Mistress' club hosted the ceremony. This is where they came together to welcome 
and initiate new slaves and train mistresses. They would become club slaves, if 
they made it through initiation. The marriage would be incorporated into the 
initiation. To continue to live at Mistress' they agreed to support themselves 
and contribute to the cost of running Mistress place. This meant that Toilette 
would move his business to an in home internet investment business. Cuntlicker 
would join him in the venture.

The ceremony would start with the marriage and their vow of commitment to 
Mistress. Two nights and days of initiation would follow. The club was made up 
of three other lesbian couples. Alana is a big strong Amazonian black woman. Her 
slave Minto is a petite, average breasted Chinese. Jan was a tall Mistress, with 
spreading hips; breasts that were full but hung low, with huge areola. Her slave 
Cow wasn't big like a cow but had the udders of one. She had already had several 
surrogate children and her breasts were milked frequently to be kept full and 
producing. They were at least 48" ee. The other couple was Mistress and Baby. 
They all had another commonality of not having body hair. Their body hair, like 
Cuntlicker and Toilette's, had been permanently removed.

Toilette and Cuntlicker were "prepped" for the wedding. In their case, their 
hair and eyebrows were shaved from their head. They would not wear anything 
else. They were prepared to be "sex objects" for all those attending. The hall 
was an old barn restored as a dungeon, with a home built within it. Toilette 
waited on the concrete floor, 50 feet inside the large barn door, for 
Cuntlicker's entrance. As Cuntlicker was led in for the ceremony Toilette saw 
her for the first time. Even without hair he was not disappointed. She was 
radiant. She was excited too, as seen by the glisten of the inside of her 
thighs. Toilette could not hide his rising if not fully erect cock.

The others were gathered around. A woman friend of one of the mistresses, a 
practicing justice of the peace, would perform the legal ceremony. The decor of 
the hall contained flowers from Mistress garden kept by Toilette. Two exam 
tables were moved just off to each side of the justice of the peace. Toilette 
did not know why. Cuntlicker and Toilette stood side by side, holding hands and 
staring into each other's eyes for the first time. The ceremony began. It was 
all very legal, with an agreement to cherish and commit to each other. Added was 
their mutual commitment to honor and obey Mistress, which they did. Next came 
the rings. They had not chosen any so they were somewhat worried. At this point 
they were told to get onto the exam tables and into the stirrups for the 
"ringing." They were both securely tied, arms at their sides, legs to the 
stirrups. "Prepare to accept the rings of commitment" was the direction of the 
justice. At this point Mistress appeared before Cuntlicker with the implements 
for piercing. She clamped the skin of her clit hood and began to slide the 
hollow needle though her clit hood skin. Cuntlicker sucked in a deep breath and 
then a whimper as the needle slid through. A gold strand ring, #8 thick was slid 
through the hollow needle. The ring was bent and soldered permanently shut. The 
heat of the solder caused more pain than the piercing. Next it was Toilette's 
turn. The hollow needle was even bigger, a #4. Mistress proceeded to insert it 
through his pee hole and down through the underside of his penis. The pain was 
harsh and he yelled out. A round strand of gold was placed though the needle. A 
harsh, burning pain came up through his penis as the needle was removed, sliding 
out through the hole leaving the gold strand. The strand was rounded and 
soldered by mistress; causing more searing burning up his cock. As the pain 
subsided, the pain/pleasure of it all caused his cock to rise.

Released from their bindings, they were brought together and introduced as Mr. 
and Mrs. At this point you expect to kiss the bride. Not this time. "Toilette 
you will fuck the bride's ass for all to see," came the instructions from the 
justice mistress. Cuntlicker knelt to all fours. She was nervous. She was an 
anal virgin. Toilette squatted behind her and rubbed his newly pierced and sore 
cock along her now flowing and wet cunt. This excited and lubed Toilette for 
entrance into her asshole. He moved his erect cock and its ring to the entrance 
and proceeded to work his way in. It hurt his cock but that only excited him 
more. Loud OW's and ooow's came from Cuntlicker as he entered. The ring went 
first but his cock spread her sphincter. It went in easier than he thought. It 
had been a long time since Toilette had fucked asshole and in the excitement, it 
did not take long for him to cum. He squirted her ass in a matter of two 
minutes. All this time the lesbian couples were watching and rooting them on. 
There they were in the most intimate time of their lives humping each other in 
front of an audience. After Toilette came He was not done. He was told that all 
good slaves clean up after themselves. His bald face was pushed into 
Cuntlicker's ass and he licked and sucked his salty cum from her asshole.

They were led to another room of the barn that was set up for a reception. This 
area had been cleaned and tables of food set and a small but elaborate cake. 
Toilette and Cuntlicker stood near the entrance to receive everyone. As they 
came in Mistress introduced them. First was Alana, the large boned athletic 
African. She was wearing a leather tit harness and belt. Below her belt were 
only her long powerful legs, and a large cunt with all of its pubic hair 
permanently removed. Her tits stood out, just as large and firm as her body. 
They shook hands and then she patted her vulva. She knew his routine. Toilette 
immediately knelt before her. She spread her powerful thighs and squatted to 
allow him underneath. Toilette placed his wide-open mouth over a beautiful, 
smooth, soft, and large black cunt. Her pee started with a burst and then was a 
large steady flow spilled from her cunt lips. It was a challenge but all of his 
practice paid off as Toilette guzzled the pee as fast as she could supply. 
Toilette finished by licking her vagina lips inside and out of her pee. Alana 
was leading Minto by a leash on a collar, her only attire. Toilette was 
introduced but could not touch her. Alana patted Minto's cunt; Toilette knew 
what to do. Minto was much shorter and Toilette had to sit on his butt while she 
straddled his face. Toilette easily covered her smallish permanently bare cunt 
lips. The skin was not as smooth. There were many scars and contusions on her 
cunt lips, thighs and around her buttocks from the beatings she routinely 
receives from her sadistic Mistress Alana. Her pee started, it was slower and 
saltier. It was easy to swallow all of her urine from her bladder. After 
Toilette was done Alana moved over to Cuntlicker where she pushed her down to 
her cunt and began to fuck her face. The amount of cunt juice was enormous and 
glistened as it oozed down Cuntlicker's face. It would be only a couple of 
minutes before a heavy flow of cunt juice would ooze into her mouth on her face 
as Alana came hard.

Next came Jan and cow. Jan was a little older with naturally soft full hanging 
breasts and of course a hairless cunt. Her inner cunt lips hung out from its 
outer lips considerably. Cow was full of breast milk. She was adorned with 
nipple and navel piercings. She also had piercings on her clit, three on each 
outer lip and three on each inner lip, as well as above and below her asshole. 
Toilette would not see these until she removed the old style kotex she was 
wearing. It was one of her heavy flow period days. Jan unbuttoned the kotex from 
Cow's belt and patted her cunt. At this point Toilette sat down and let Cow 
straddle him. As she did a large copious blob of period liquid spilled onto his 
chest and face. Toilette opened his mouth to receive her mixture of pee and 
period blood. It was hard containing it all as her pee splashed around all of 
her cunt rings. When she was done Toilette didn't even get up as Jan covered his 
mouth with her soft, smooth cunt. Her pee was sweet compared to Cow. After her 
pee Jan allowed Cuntlicker to get cow off. By the time she was done her face was 
covered in red. Cow did not often get to come and she was appreciative of the 
opportunity and the quality of Cuntlicker's tongue job.

That left the ever pregnant Baby, Mistress, and Cuntlicker to fill Toilette's 
tummy. Toilette was used to them and their taste. It did not go down easy as his 
stomach was filling of all the pee Toilette had drank in just ten minutes. 
Cuntlicker had to get Baby and Mistress off. As Baby humped her mouth Baby 
washed most of cow's period off with her cunt juice and the skin if her thighs.

The party would begin. At least for the lesbian women. Toilette was harnessed 
face down on a leather covered horse. Then an large penis sized enema nozzle was 
jammed up his ass. Toilette looked onto the party as they all began to drink and 
eat heavily. Cuntlicker was passed around like a biker whore. They freely used 
her face and tongue to get them off. Cow was particularly active as she enjoyed 
having someone to lick her period from her sex. Cuntlicker was fed Cow's tit 
milk. Much of it could be seen leaking as Cuntlicker had to negotiate the milk 
and cow's nipple rings. Mistress held Cuntlicker while she suckled her breasts 
dry.

When they needed to pee, which was often, they would come and take the enema bag 
down from its stand. They would then straddle the bag and pee into it. As they 
placed it on the stand the pee would fill Toilette's bowels. By the time they 
each had gone to the bath room twice Toilette was bursting from the pressure of 
nearly a gallon of urine in his bowels and the pressure of his bladder filling 
from all the urine he had drank.

Time had approached to consummate their marriage. Through all of this time 
Toilette had yet to fuck Cuntlicker's cunt. Toilette was released from his 
bindings. The hose and nozzle plugging his asshole was clamped and disconnected 
from the enema bag. Another penis nozzle was attached to the other end. Toilette 
was led with his bloated belly over to Cuntlicker who was spread eagle on a the 
floor awaiting me. The nozzle to the other end of his hose was inserted into 
Cuntlicker's ass. Baby approached and began to lick his cock to its hard state. 
Toilette knelt down gingerly with his bloated belly and inserted his cock into 
Cuntlicker's wet, wide, and loose cunt. As Toilette lay on her Mistress released 
the valve to his enema. The relief Toilette began to feel was Cuntlicker's 
swelling pain as the urine of all the ladies began to fill her bowels. As 
Toilette humped Cuntlicker, she could feel his new penis ring push at her 
cervix. It had been a while since he cunt had felt a hard fleshy cock. Her sex 
opened wide and oozed copious amounts of woman cum. Her excitement pushed him 
quickly over the top and he filled her with his seed. Mistress had timed this so 
that Cuntlicker would no doubt be the next pregnant slave.

As Toilette finished, he was lifted as Cuntlicker was raised on all her fours. 
The remaining liquids left his bowels for Cuntlicker's insides. They were not 
done yet. His butt plug was removed from his ass and the hose. It was replaced 
with the enema bag at which time Toilette was instructed to piss into it. The 
piss further bloated Cuntlicker's belly to as tight and hard as a ripe 
watermelon. Cuntlicker was filled with piss from all of them and a butt plug 
secured it. She was lifted and escorted to the old cow cleaning room of the 
barn. Cuffs hung by cords from the rafters. There was a large floor drain. As 
she walked she supported her belly with her arms. When she was cuffed and the 
stretching of lifting her began she let out a curdling scream as the weight of 
her bloated belly started cramping. Toilette was quickly brought before her and 
he kneeled in front of her as her legs were draped over his back and her sloppy 
slick cunt placed at his mouth. Toilette began cleaning her cunt of his leaking 
cum as the plug was pulled from her ass. As Toilette continued to lick her cunt 
and clit the pee liquids and shit exploded from her bowels. The force of the 
liquid made it so as to not hit his face initially but as it subsided some of 
the liquid traced itself under her asshole along her cunt lip and into his 
mouth. Most of it drained onto his chest down to his genitals, covering his 
penis and balls before draining through the floor. Cuntlicker could only hump 
his face in excitement and relief as her sex swelled and the pain from her 
bowels released. She came as her bowels were nearly empty.

They were both hung from the rafters, cuffed by their wrists as the hose sprayed 
them clean with the stinging force of its cold water. One shot hit his balls 
directly and Toilette doubled up by lifting his knees to his chest. This really 
turned on the sadistic Alana as she shot his balls five more times. They were 
released, Cuntlicker exhausted by the ordeal of cumming and emptying such a 
large enema. His balls were throbbing from the water blasts that Toilette had to 
walk bow legged.

They were taken to their room where they were prepared for bed. One of those 
preparations was for Toilette to be the good night Toilette for all of the 
girls. Once again his stomach was filled with piss. Their bed was actually a mat 
on the floor with two wedges, facing each other, the kind you see at the beach 
for people to sun on. They keep you laying at 45'. They were each laid on the 
wedges and their arms strapped behind their backs. A large double dildo was 
shoved up their asses for them to share. As they slid toward each other the 
dildo pushed 10" up their assholes. The pain was severe for Cuntlicker but 
Toilette's butt had been so conditioned this was nothing. Next his penis ring 
was locked to the ring pierced to Cuntlicker's clit. They were attached.

The night was uncomfortable with their arms and butts becoming numb from being 
in one place. If they moved too much they would pull each others rings causing 
severe pain since the piercings were so new. Even more, it seemed like every 20 
minutes someone would awake and have to piss. Toilette would be awakened by the 
lifting of his head to a cunt. Toilette would have to awake quickly or get a 
face full of piss. Jan was a true lesbian and much preferred Cuntlicker for her 
piss activities. This was tough on Cuntlicker since she had never drank piss 
before. She really choked and most of it ran down over her chin, past her tits, 
and their genitals before drying on the floor mat. Four of the girls helped 
themselves to Cuntlicker's tongue to get them off. Baby made several trips to 
his mouth since she cannot hold much in her pregnant condition. They only got a 
few short naps the whole night before they were awaken.

They were awakened about 7:30 am by baby needing to take another piss. She 
straddled his face and positioned her smooth swollen cunt over his face and let 
the piss flow. She still could not hold much so it was pretty easy drinking piss 
down. The next was Alana, who had slept the night away. She was a big woman with 
a big bladder and a bigger cunt. As she straddled Toilette her piss flow was 
like a dam breaking. It went down his throat, splashed his cheeks and chin. Much 
of it got away. "I'll enjoy punishing you for letting so much piss get away" was 
all Alana said as she pushed his head deeper into her smooth largess black cunt 
to finish cleaning her of urine.

Just before Alana came in, Cuntlicker was unhooked from his penis and her half 
of the dildo removed from her stretched asshole. It was some relief for her but 
her anus did not close readily and still hurt and spasm while trying to close. 
She was taken out to the back yard and all of the piss was washed with a cold 
water hose from her body. While this was going on the rest of the women were 
rising and taken their morning piss on Toilette's face. Toilette managed to 
swallow the piss quite easily since they had visited him or Cuntlicker through 
the night.

Next came the morning enemas. Everyone was given only one quart. This became a 
bucket full of shit with nearly 2 gallons. Now the average rectum and colon hold 
about 7 quarts max. Mistress figured with his size Toilette could max out at 
about 9. He hoped she was right as Toilette is secured to the floor of the barn, 
his arms up and out, on his knees spread eagle and a enema hose pushed up into 
his colon. Cuntlicker has slurred the mix of seven individuals enemas and it 
starts to drain through the hose into his bowels. Toilette is used to a gallon, 
no problem. The trouble begins as the fourth quart begins to enter his gut. His 
bloated belly is so heavy that Toilette cannot hold up his gut. Toilette uses 
the floor for support. He rests from side to side as best he can. Soon the last 
of the shit slurry fills his gut. A butt plug is shoved up his ass to hold in 
the slurry. Cuntlicker and baby help him up. Toilette's belly is like a plump, 
firm watermelon. You can see the outline of his colon through his skin. Toilette 
doesn't look pregnant, but grossly distorted. The shit enema has filled his 
entire gut and his whole torso is bloated out. Toilette can barely walk to the 
outdoor garden where Toilette must shit it all out. Baby holds his arm as 
Cuntlicker supports his belly. Toilette takes baby steps to the garden, nearly a 
10 minute walk. Toilette just stands straight as Cuntlicker removes his butt 
plug. A gigantic gush of shit empties onto the garden grounds. The shit projects 
out three feet for nearly a minute. Toilette cannot stop and Toilette cannot 
bend. The mistresses are standing making jokes about his bowels and how it will 
be a matter of time before all Toilette is good for is a Toilette bowel. As the 
first gush wavers Toilette squats a bit to try and finish the job. Most is 
running down his legs. He now starts to cramp as his colon and bowels return to 
their normal size. Toilette does not have to start to help push the shit out for 
another 20 minutes, it keeps running out on its own. 30 minutes after Toilette 
started shitting Toilette is done.

Baby was to make breakfast for everyone. Therefore his breakfast would be the 
milk from Mistress, Baby, and Cow. Usually Mistress would have been milked a 
couple of times more before through the night. Her tits were swollen hard, 
leaking, and sore. You feel her relief as Toilette puckered around her nipple 
and began to suck her dry. Cow was just as full and Toilette had to take more of 
her tit in his mouth to accommodate her nipple rings. Pretty damn good breakfast 
really. Toilette was easily filled with their natural milk.

As breakfast was cooking Toilette was laid flat on the mat. Mistress offered his 
face for a morning cunt lick for all those who wanted one. The only requirement 
was that they had to grasp his balls like a saddle horn while they rode his 
face. To demonstrate she got on me first. She turned facing his cock and 
kneeled, straddling his face. "Stick that tongue out so I can fuck it. His 
tongue protruded as far as he could lift it out. As she began to slide her 
smooth cunt across his face her clit found the tip of his tongue. As she clit 
fucked his tongue she grabbed a testicle inside his smooth ball sack in each 
hand. She was not bashful about how hard she squeezed. As she rode his face she 
would struggle to keep her balance and did so by pulling harder on his balls 
cupped in her hands. The grip became stronger as she neared orgasm. Toilette was 
moaning loudly into her cunt from the ball pain. As the orgasm subsided so did 
her grip but the damage was done, his balls were a burning throb of pain. 
Mistress left her mark by giving a big hickey half way up his neck, and then a 
couple of more. His balls ached and his cock had swelled from smelling her sex.

Alana would not miss out on any chance to inflict any pain on any slave. She was 
sloppy with cunt juice as she mounted his face. She grabbed his balls deep into 
the palms of her hands as she rode his face. Her big hands could easily crush 
his balls. His only salvation was that she was so horny she came in less than 
two minutes. The cunt juice coated his face and Toilette could feel droplets 
slide past his cheeks into his ears.

She was quickly replaced by Minto. Minto's hands were much smaller and could 
pinch tighter. She literally hurt his ball with the sharp pain reminiscent of 
being struck by a baseball. This was different, it did not stop the whole time 
she fucked his mouth. Minto's cunt was much smaller, her clit a small, hard, 
sensitive knob. She did not get turned on by men much. She only fucked his face 
at the command of Alana. It took her 20 minutes of continuous face fucking to 
cum. Sometime the pain in his balls was so searing Toilette nearly upchucked. 
Toilette made many screams at which time she would relax her grip, but Mistress 
would remind me that there would be future punishment to come for such 
outbursts. His balls were now a continuous throbbing ache as Toilette was face 
fucked by Jan followed by Cow. Cow's period was flowing heavy and as well as her 
cunt Juice. Toilette cannot tell you how good she tasted, he just loves bloody 
cunt. His face was left slimey and bloody. As the day wore on it would harden 
and cake. It would take his grotesquely swollen balls days for the swelling to 
go down. His cock was rock hard in spite of his pain from the aphrodesiac of 
their sex juices.

Breakfast had started and as Cuntlicker served them they groped her tits and 
cunt. Mistress and Jan made her stand by their sides long enough for them to get 
her off with their fingers. Alana grabbed both tits with her large hands and 
twisted, causing a blood curdling scream. Then she backed her chair out and 
pushed Cuntlicker between her legs and made her lick her clit and cunt until she 
soaked Cuntlicker's face with cum juice as she orgasm. The rest caught on and 
they too got a Cuntlicker clit treatment. And just like me she was "rewarded" by 
each with a great big hickey on her neck, above the collar line, that would be 
seen for a week.

The real treat of the day would be that each couple would get to use Cuntlicker 
and Toilette for at least two hours as they saw fit. Others were free to watch, 
come and go as they pleased. Toilette thought it would be more as their slaves, 
but they would be entertainment, and they liked their entertainment in pain and 
humiliated.

Alana was first. Her forte was pain. Hard and frequent. She did not care what 
marks and bruises would remain. There was a request from Mistress that one cheek 
of each of them remain mark free. They were brought to the large barn bay with 
the big doors open where the fresh air breezed in. They were adorned with cuffs 
on their wrists and ankles. Ropes extended from pulleys attached to the barn 
timbers. Cuntlicker was first to be "secured." Alana attached the cuffs to the 
rope and began to lift her arms upward. A stand with a 3" diameter cock phallus 
protruded from it 3-4 feet high. It was placed at her the opening of her cunt. 
Her ankle cuffs were now locked to ropes run through a closed hook on the floor. 
Minto held ropes directly that ran through the hooks at Cuntlicker's side in 
front of Cuntlicker. As she began to pull them in they spread Cuntlicker's legs 
and forced the fat dildo up her cunt. 3" diameter is three quarter of the way to 
having a baby but Cuntlicker's cunt had been so abused and elasticized in 
training the dildo slipped in easily. She cried out as it penetrated and spread 
her cervix. Now she as wide as having a baby. There she was for all to see. 
Spread in an X with a large dildo 8 inches up her cunt. Toilette too was 
attached to the same ropes, his arms stretched as far up as they could go with 
his feet on the ground. Another phallus was brought forth for his Ass. 4" in 
diameter, Toilette was going feel what it was like to have a baby. Mistress had 
stretched his ass but his ass seemed like no match for this. As his legs spread 
his asshole did too. What was worse is that she lubed it with balm, searing heat 
had been added to his torment. His legs were spread to where Toilette was on his 
toes with this supercock up his ass 8." Toilette could not move without doing 
serious damage to his ass and bowels. His shoulder ached from the stretching of 
the ropes. For further torture a parachute was attached to his balls and 8# of 
lead weight was added.

Next came the whips. Alana and Minto began their assault, trading targets every 
10 or so whips. It started with soft cat o' nine tails but got serious in a 
hurry. For the joy of it, Alana would lift up the weights attached to his balls 
and let them drop. If Toilette tried to go with the drop the dildo would jam 
farther into his ass. The pain continued as they swung freely from his balls. 
They struck his thighs with a crop on his hairless skin above his cock. Even a 
bull whip was used on back and breasts. Minto sucked his penis to hardness only 
to have Alana lacerate it with her whip. The pain was so incredible Toilette 
became numb. Cuntlicker was not spared. Her tits were nothing but welts, deep 
bruises, with her undersides of each tit severely lacerated by Alana's bull whip 
accuracy. The blood dripped from the cuts down her belly, into her navel, and 
over he vulva. Her cunt lips were beaten but spared the abuse of her tits since 
the others wanted access to them. Every part of her skin from the knees up were 
touched by the whips. She was either red, welted, bruised, or cut across every 
inch of her skin. Tears poured and dried, but the beating continued. Alana 
finished us off with a huge cane, obtained from the guards that administered 
caning in Singapore. The 6' long cane was drawn back like a baseball bat and as 
it struck it sunk deeply into his lift buttocks cheek... It is true about the 
corporal caning. The pain is so penetrating you pass out. Toilette was left with 
4 deep bruises and two wide cuts that would seep blood for hours. They worked 
exclusively on their left cheeks, for further torture awaited the right cheeks. 
Toilette had to be aroused by smelling salts. Cuntlicker's butt was caned but 
not so she was cut. While her beating was thorough it was not as perverse in its 
severity.

To finish Alana's show, Toilette's arms were lowered and cuffed behind his back. 
Toilette was released from the spreader bar at his feet and led to behind 
Cuntlicker. Minto pumped his cock hard, the cut caused equal parts pain and 
pleasure. Toilette was pushed to where his cock was poised at Cuntlicker's 
asshole. Alana commanded him to fuck her ass while Cuntlicker was hanging with 
the floor, dildo deep up her cunt. The blood of his lacerated cock was the only 
lubricate for shoving his cock up her ass. It was hard competing with the dildo 
at first, but his cock popped through as they screamed in pain from the pressure 
of the expanded cunt and ass. Once in she opened wide and Toilette was able to 
pump her freely until Toilette came. Cuntlicker had come twice, once at the pain 
of entry and again as Toilette came, aided by the vibration of the dildo that 
had been turned on. As Toilette came a new pain was extracted on his cock as the 
salty semen that was dumped into Cuntlicker's ass seeped into the cuts in his 
penis. As his cock receded Toilette was pushed to his knees by Alana and forced 
to lick Cuntlicker's ass sucking out the semen and blood left by his cock.

It was Jan and Cow's turn next. Jan's specialty was piercing as evidenced by 
Cow's body. She has nipples, tongue, many ear, clit, several vagina and even two 
anus piercing. Many more are planned. For now, they are planned for Cuntlicker 
and Toilette.

Before they start on Cuntlicker they ask if there is anyone who needs servicing, 
It's been nearly three hours since breakfast and almost everyone needs to piss. 
Toilette drinks another 6 pints of piss and Cuntlicker sucks Cow's and 
Mistresses tits dry.

Cuntlicker and Toilette are now secured on exam tables, their legs secured to 
stirrups, their arms cuffed, stretched and tied to the back of the table. The 
stirrups are put in the down position as Jan goes to work on their torsos. The 
rings that will be pierced into their nipples and belly are not small, a #6 
gauge. There is no electric piercer. She uses an old tube needle. Their mouths 
are not stuffed. Jan wants to hear their screams. Scream Cuntlicker does, 
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaargfh, Pplleeeeeeeeease, NOOOOOOOOOO!" as the first needle is 
shoved through her fat nipple. She starts to ball, tears down her cheeks as the 
needle slips completely through. The gold ring is pushed through the bleeding 
hole, and secured with a screw ball. A small bell is hung from the ring.

The next nipple is Toilette's. You thought Cuntlicker was loud you should have 
heard him. Jan had Cow do it. She knew Cow was inexperienced and it would hurt 
even more. Being a male it really was shoved through his areola. Now that was 
pain. Instead of a bell, a charm with Jan's name was attached. A charm with 
mistress (Savana) name was hung from the one through his piss hole.

The other nipples on each followed. Another bell on Cuntlicker, a charm with 
Cow's given name on his other nipple. Next came the genitals. Four rings were 
pierced through his ball sack. It looked worse than it felt. Charms of Alana and 
Minto on one side, Baby and Cuntlicker's given names on the other. Rings were 
pierced through each side of Cuntlicker's outer and inner genital lips. More 
bells were hung. From her clit ring a larger bell was hung with Mistress name 
etched on it.

Jan wasn't done. They each got a belly button ring. That hurt. Another ring was 
pierced under his balls between his balls and anus. A lock was put on this one 
so his penis could be tucked under and locked down. This has dual purpose. First 
as a form of chastity belt and second it meant when locked Toilette had to piss 
sitting like a girl. Mistress would like this on their outings. The most unique 
were the #8 rings, 1 inch in diameter that were pierced to each side of his 
anus. A leash could be attached to them without breaking. Mistress was 
overwhelmed by the handiwork and the thoughtful charms. She put her arms around 
the naked Jan, pulled her close and gave her a tongue kiss. As she kissed her 
hand slid down into Jan's moist, slick pussy. Their tongues remained entwined in 
their mouths as Jan humped Mistresses fingers. Pretty soon Jan was breathing 
deep and hard as her cunt leaked juice all over Mistresses hand as Jan came. 
Mistress then presented her hand to Cow to lick as a reward for doing such a 
fine job in helping her mistress.

They were presented to Mistress. It was time they were marked. And mistress and 
baby were going to do it. Mistress brought out the tattoo needle. Mistress 
announced to the others that the only ones that could use him as a Toilette 
would be listed. The list would be tattooed around his neck. The hickeys 
Toilette had received were high. This would be a tattoo necklace at the base of 
his neck. It could be covered for formal events, or exposed on the beach. 
Mistress started the inscription in red, "Toilette drinks the pee from the 
pussies of, and then everyone signed their given names around his neck, 
including Cuntlicker and baby. Cuntlicker was next. On her neck came the 
inscription "His tongue licks the pussies of." And again everyone signed their 
names around her neck.

Toilette was then moved over to a padded saw horse. His wrists and ankles were 
secured to the legs. Mistress gathered everyone around, "Now ladies we have all 
been fucked by a man at some time or another. It is time we returned the favor." 
With that she handed out harnesses with dildos. On his right buttocks were 
inscribed the words, "This ass has been fucked by." As each woman fucked him 
they would sign their name to his butt. It started with baby. Her dildo was 
large, but keep in mind his anus is so abused and elastic, large doesn't begin 
to have any feeling. The difference was that this one was at least 12" long and 
went way up his bowels. Baby set the tone. This was not about making love to his 
ass. For these women it was getting even. Baby fucked his bum as deep as she 
could, as fast as she could, remembering all the time the guy who knocked her up 
and fled away. Toilette was paying for his flight. Cuntlicker was next. Toilette 
thought she loved me and would be gentler. She had been all but ignored by men 
and she fucked his ass with a dildo a little larger, with knobs that protruded 
and hurt inner anus. Jan was next. Jan was a lesbian and hated men. She always 
had this smirk as she inflicted pain and she used a dildo 3" in diameter. She 
left it in for cow to use. When they were done the dildo was pulled from his ass 
and stuffed in his mouth. While Toilette was fairly clean it still had a musk 
smell. Alana and Minto were mean, and mean meant big, as in wide. 4" around the 
dildo stretched his anus. It couldn't take it all and a small tear, the kind a 
woman gets when giving a baby, allowed the huge dildo to sink in. Toilette felt 
he was having a baby. Toilette convulsed with the rhythmic strokes of Alana's 
fucking. She rode him until she came, nearly 5 minutes. Toilette remembers 
little due to the pain. Toilette did not remember Minto following with a 
narrower, but not by much, and longer dildo. She banged all the way up to his 
colon. And after each fuck they added their name to his ass with the flair of 
the singing of their nation's declaration. The last was Mistress. She chose no 
dildo but her hand and arm. She forced her arm elbow high into his guts. There 
she proceeded to pump like a cock, but not like a cock. Like a boxer jabbing the 
training bag. Hard and deep with follow through. She finished by massaging his 
prostrate until Toilette spilled his seed all over the horse. After she signed 
her name, the largest signature, she made him lick the horse clean of his sperm.

While Toilette was getting fucked Cuntlicker was getting both holes seriously 
fist fucked. Her right cheek was engraved, "These holes have been fist fucked 
by" and all names were signed, permanently tattooed.

Mistress was not done. They were escorted to the stables of the old barn. There 
Baby had fired up the coals. Cuntlicker and Toilette were secured to the stable 
posts. They were tightly tied, their arms were stretched as high as they would 
go, their legs securely to the floor. Protruding from the post was a 3" wide, 24 
long dildo. Their assholes were penetrated 4" deep by it. This made their 
pelvises jut out. If they were to sink back their guts would surely be 
hamburger. Baby emerged with a red hot brand. The Initials of Mistresses given 
name. They were going to be seared into his skin above their genitals. Mistress 
took the brand and slowly, evenly pressed to his bare pubic skin. Toilette could 
hear the burning flesh just before he lost control of his bladder, pissing the 
floor, and fainting. Cuntlicker lost her bladder just watching him get branded. 
Toilette was brought to by smelling salts to watch Cuntlicker receive her scars 
for life. She too went out momentarily. After they were brought to, they had to 
be helped to the exam tables where Jan, a nurse, saw to the days wounds.

The next night was much of the same, but their bodies hurt more. The burn of the 
branding would seer with any movement. Their conditions did not stop the nightly 
toilet visits. The worst was when Jan and Alana decided to use Cuntlicker as 
their piss toilette. She could not hold their piss well so it ran down her chin, 
her breasts, into her newly pierced nipples, the cuts on her breasts left by the 
whippings, over her branding and into their newly pierced wounds of their 
genitals. The sting was excruciating. Once they wailed out in pain and woke 
everyone up. Mistress arose and decided their punishment right there and then. 
The double dildo penetrating their asses was removed. They were lifted by their 
legs, bent back above their heads. They were tied back to back, their shoulders 
on the ground, butts in the air, their torsos tied together. Their legs dropped 
above their heads. Candles were shoved up their ass and lit. As the wax melted 
the others grabbed a midnight snack and sat around the candle light, eating and 
making out with their lesbian lovers. The candle wax would melt over its side 
and drip down the edge, running over his anus and down the underside of his 
balls. It left small burns, minor pain to what Toilette had felt earlier. 
Cuntlicker felt the same pain as the wax covered her ass and bald, pierced cunt 
lips. When the were ready to return to bed the candles were pulled from their 
asses and the wax was quickly poured into their assholes before they had a 
chance to close completely. Talk about your butt plugs. The fires were 
extinguished on his balls and Cuntlicker's vagina lips. More burn to heal. They 
were returned to their position of butt to butt, linked by a double dildo 10 
inches into their bowels and 3 inches wide. Their genital rings were locked 
together. As they left Mistress and Baby pissed into Toilette's mouth. Minto and 
Cow into Cuntlicker's. They were quiet this time even though the pain was just 
as intense. They were so tired they actually slept after that. Not a soul 
awakened until after 9:00 am.

As morning came Toilette had his usual duty of drinking everyone's morning piss 
from their cunts. It was pretty difficult to swallow it all. They all had quite 
a bit to drink the night before and had slept in. There was a line for his 
services. It was a little weird for Toilette to see them in line watching him 
drink down the piss. Cuntlicker had the duty of milking Baby's and Mistresses 
tits with her mouth. Baby had cooked breakfast for everyone. After breakfast 
everyone packed for their departure. Something was very amiss. The morning 
enemas had not been started. Toilette began to worry if the enemas had been 
forgotten. It had been weeks since he had to go without his daily shit enema. He 
had grown fond of the cleansing event. After they had packed their cars Mistress 
called them all over.

"We are glad you all came. Now I would like your input as to whether these two 
are worthy of becoming the first "club slaves." They will reside with me as full 
time slaves. They have agreed to put into trust all of their wealth to me. They 
have moved their business to my home. What makes them club slaves is that all of 
us will have access to them for use anytime you would want to schedule them. 
What do you think? Are they in?"

Mistress then went around the circle and asked each one their opinion and vote. 
Even the slaves were allowed to comment but their vote was always what their 
mistress voted. No one had any negative comments. They were impressed by 
Cuntlicker's prowess with her tongue. Her love of cunt juice and willingness to 
lick cunt anytime, anywhere. They loved Toilette's capabilities. They wondered 
why the Medievels didn't think of training human toilettes since they did not 
have running water. Each voted Toilette and Cuntlicker in. There was some 
discussion as to whether they should not be evenly shared throughout the year 
with each home. Thankfully to Toilette, Mistress pointed out that for them to be 
of value they had to work, and that place was at her house. She did volunteer 
that they could reserve us for weeks at a time, or they were welcome anytime at 
her place. She also wanted it known that she was paying for all of their care 
and housing (not really true since it would be their income that would pay for 
everything). Anyway it worked, they would stay at Mistresses'.

It was time to say good bye. Mistress announced there was time for their send 
off. One more big humiliation for them to endure. One last enema for everyone. 
One by one baby gave them their enema. This time there were two buckets. Each 
person received 1 quart of liquid. The mistresses shit into one bucket. The 
slave into another. Since baby was pregnant Mistress asked for another volunteer 
slave besides Cuntlicker. Alana volunteered Minto. Minto and Cuntlicker were 
pushed to the ground and secured spread eagle with their asses in the air. 
Cuntlicker had made the shit buckets into its usual slurry. The enema hoses were 
simultaneously put into their asses. There was a little over a gallon of shit 
filling each of their bellies. Minto had never felt the kind of pressure a 
gallon forces on your insides. When the pain cased her to whine she was quickly 
cracked across the Ass by Alana.

"You have volunteered to provide yourself for one last humiliation of these fine 
slaves, now do yourself proud."

Minto's belly was bloated like she was six months pregnant. She had not been 
bloated to this extreme ever. To go to this distortion in just a few minutes was 
causing her great cramping and pain. The outline of her colon was visible and 
when her tummy was tapped it felt and sounded like a watermelon. At the same 
time, Cuntlicker had been filled with the shit slurry of the slaves. 6 quarts is 
a lot, and it is painful. Cuntlicker had months of enemas by now and could 
endure the pain. The tube was removed from Cuntlicker first. Mistress scolded, 
"Let one drop out and you will replace Toilet." She did not know what that meant 
but from Mistresses' tone, she knew she did not want any part of it.

Cuntlicker supported her belly, also protruding as if she was pregnant, as she 
was led over to Toilet. Toilet was laid on the hay near the barn's floor drain. 
His ankles were tied together, his hands tied behind his back. His butt lay on 
the ground while his back lay on a 45' plank. Baby had licked his newly pierced 
cock to its 8" hardness. Cuntlicker was brought over and straddled over his 
cock.

"To help you hold that shit in, you can use Toilette's cock as a butt plug."

Cuntlicker did not want a butt plug. She wanted to empty the shit from her 
belly.

"Please Mistress, my belly is so full and the cramps are so painful, please let 
me shit it out."

"In due time, Minto will be first because she needs a clean toilet for Mistress 
shit."

At that time, Minto was being escorted over to Toilet. Her cheeks were streaming 
with tears. She cradled her swollen tummy in her arms. As she walked she was 
bent over and her legs shivered and felt like rubber. She straddled Toilet's 
torso, facing Cuntlicker who was sitting plugged up the ass by the cock of 
Toilet.

"Open your mouth Toilet and receive Mistress shit."

Minto's asshole was lowered to the mouth of Toilet. An explosion of shit blasted 
from her asshole to the back of his throat. He had to swallow a lot but most 
just gushed out and ran down his chest and pooled at his cock. Minto supported 
herself by leaning on Cuntlicker. After the initial blasts, Minto moved her ass 
up so that her cunt was over the mouth of Toilette. She began to pee; Toilette 
began to drink her piss. More shit leaked out of her ass on to his forehead and 
drained into, past his ears, and over his shaved head. After she finished her 
piss, she returned her asshole to his mouth. She would continue to shit it out 
for another twenty minutes. Cuntlicker would soothe her by rubbing her belly. 
The worst was near the end. When someone is as full as Minto for the first time, 
the liquids run far up into her bowels. Very old shit is cleaned from the upper 
colon and bowel walls. As this shit was emptied into and on Toilet it was very 
dark, runny, and very smelly. Minto did not care; she just wanted to get the 
shit out.

After Minto finished it was time for Cuntlicker. Mistress commanded,

"First you must kiss his mouth and taste the shit of the Mistress."

With that she pushed her head to Toilet's mouth and Cuntlicker began to kiss. 
"Let's see some tongue, clean the inside of his mouth with your tongue" As much 
as this disgusted Cuntlicker she would do anything to get to empty her guts. 
Once the kissing was done Cuntlicker was lifted and turned around. Her asshole 
covered the mouth of Toilet and the shit of the slaves began to burst out.

Cuntlicker had to pee and Toilette drank it as she continued to shit. He drank a 
lot of shit slurry too. Cuntlicker did not have the deep old shit that Minto had 
since she had had weeks of enemas. By the time she had finished Toilette was 
covered from top of his head to his knees in shit. After Cuntlicker finished, 
Toilette was turned over, his chest to the ground, his ass in the air. "Prepare 
them for transport" Mistress commanded.

At this point, an enema nozzle was shoved up his asshole. A full bag of water 
was emptied into his belly, followed by a bag of corn syrup, followed by a bag 
of water, and then wine, and water, cold coffee, and more water. There was 
almost 2 gallons. Baby had pulled up into a Cargo Van. Cuntlicker was loaded 
into the back. Her arms were cuffed and they were fastened to a chain that was 
dangling from the ceiling. Her arms stretched above her. Her legs were then 
cuffed and pulled back above her head spread eagle, attached to chains from the 
ceiling of the van. Her butt barely touched the floor of the van. Toilet was 
moved in, still smelly and shitty from the enema baths. He was cuffed and hung 
in the same position. He and Cuntlicker hung ass to ass. A 2" tube ran into 
Cuntlicker's asshole. The enema nozzle was removed from Toilet, and quickly 
replaced by the other end of the tube from Cuntlicker. As the enema from Toilet 
began to spill into Cuntlicker, the rings of their genitals attached the two. 
Cock to clit ring, balls to cunt lips, they were connected. As the enema 
continued to flow into Cuntlicker until it balanced between the two, the 
Mistress kissed each other good bye. Toilette and Cuntlicker were now slaves of 
the club and would reside with Mistress.

They were blindfolded and did not know where they were going. The ride was 
longer; they were going to another place. Every bump jostled their bloated 
bellies, and it hurt. As the car turned their bodies swung pulling and 
stretching their piercing. Because of the newness of the piercing the pain was 
quite biting. Some of them even started to bleed.

Upon arrival the back of the van opened. Their genitals disconnected. Cuntlicker 
was told to stand as high as she could. As she did, the enema flowed back into 
Toilet. When she was finished the tube was squeezed shut. Cuntlicker was led out 
of the van. Toilet was next. He tenderly crawled out, his stomach extended near 
the floor. As he got out of the Van he supported his belly with his arms. The 
shit was now dried on his body. Baby came around. Before we clean you up we need 
to piss after that long ride. Toilette did not know how he could hold their 
three pisses with is belly bloated and displacing his stomach. Baby was saddled 
up to his mouth first, her pregnant belly resting on his head and she began to 
piss. He was able to swallow all of her. Next was Mistress. She had to piss a 
lot, and hard. He did not know how he got it down, and down so quickly but he 
managed without spilling a drop. Next was Cuntlicker. His belly full he had a 
hard time swallowing the piss from her smooth but pierced cunt lips. Some 
spilled down his cheek, a transgression he would pay for later.

After their piss he was led out into the middle of the large front yard. The new 
place Mistress had bought with their money was a ranch, with a vast treed lawn 
front yard; the back was deck overlooking a river. They hung him by the of a 
tree branch. The tube was removed and he began to shit the enema concoction. It 
squirted out and ran down his legs. The man was now covered in shit. After he 
was done Mistress brought over a hose. It had a nozzle with a thin opening. The 
water was turned on full. While the blast easily removed the dried and wet shit 
from his body the sting created by the jet of water was almost intolerable. He 
yelled and struggled in pain wanting it to stop. The more he screamed the longer 
and closer Mistress sprayed. Suddenly there was a shot right at his balls. As 
the pain was registered by his brain he passed out. He was left there to hang 
dry.




Part Three - Toilette and Cuntlicker at Home
(D/s, Enema, WS, Scat, Bi sex)

Their new life began to develop a routine. Toilette continued to receive his 
morning enema made up of the enema discharge of Mistress, Baby, and Cuntlicker. 
Usually, after they had used his mouth to pee. For those of you reading about 
Toilette's life for the first time, Toilette gets his name as the toilette for 
Mistress, Baby, and his wife (now called Cuntlicker). Baby, Cuntlicker and 
Toilette were the live-in slaves of Mistress Savana.

The girls each get a morning enema of one and one half quarts and expel it into 
a bucket with an enema hose attached. Cuntlicker then mixes it to slurry with a 
paint mixer. The enema nozzle was then shoved up Toilette's ass and he receives 
all the slurry of excrement from each of them. Toilette was escorted with his 
bloated belly out to the garden where he squats and expels it all. Toilette was 
also their pee toilette. Any time any one of them need to go, they pat their 
cunt lips as the signal for him to come. At that point Toilette places his mouth 
at their cunt and allows them to pee. Toilette has become quite adept at 
swallowing their pee as fast as it comes. When Toilette needs to pee, it goes 
into the enema bucket for the next morning with their enema expulsions. This way 
all toilette functions from all of them were emptied from his bowels for 
fertilizing the garden Toilette keeps for the enjoyment of the women Toilette 
lives with.

Toilette returns near the house, where Cuntlicker hoses his ass and legs clean 
of the shit that had splattered and leaked on him. They go to the living room 
for Breakfast where Mistress and Baby were on the couch waiting for Cuntlicker 
and Toilette to suckle their breasts of the nights milk production. This milking 
will happen at least 5 times a day, thus their breasts were constantly producing 
large quantities of milk. So much that Toilette and Cuntlicker only need one 
meal a day. After suckling their rich full breasts they would begin their daily 
jobs of investment and investment counseling over the internet. Both Toilette 
and Cuntlicker had small but lucrative clientele they kept very wealthy. As for 
themselves their incomes ran Mistress' home and interests.

Cuntlicker's work was often interrupted by the demands of Baby or Mistress to 
service their cunts. Many times Mistress would insist on watching Baby and 
Cuntlicker make love to each other for hours. Cuntlicker was always naked. Her 
hairless body there for all to admire. Cuntlicker had become an insatiable 
nympho. The conditioning of constant cunt licking and butt fucking had passed 
her over that edge to where she needed constant satisfaction of her libido. She 
loved to be called to lick the smooth pussy lips and clit of Baby or Mistress. 
The favor was always returned as Baby would snake her tongue through the rings 
and bells that hung from Cuntlicker's pussy. As Baby's tongue tickled 
Cuntlicker's clit she would begin to leak cunt juice in volumes that would make 
her lips, her pussy jewelry, and her thighs glisten. Baby demanded she return 
the favor. In the first three weeks since they were home Baby was still pregnant 
but her drive for Cuntlicker's tongue was not diminished. She loved Cuntlicker's 
tongue on her gigantic swollen bare vagina as much as Mistress and Cuntlicker 
loved having it there. In the course of a couple of hours of cunt licking they 
would come at least 5 times each.

While the girls were off in the some other room licking cunt and tits Toilette 
would be working his on-line investment business. He too was constantly naked, 
his body permanently void of all hair. From his genitals and nipples hung the 
pierced rings and the name charms of each Mistress in the club. In fact the only 
clothes they now owned were long cream colored shirts so if they had to go out 
in public they could cover up their genitals enough as to not get arrested. When 
Toilette was at work at his desk, he sits in a specially designed chair with a 
3" butt plug expanding his ass. This keeps his asshole pliable. It was now so 
pliable that a fist can go up his ass like a cock up an old ladies cunt. 
Toilette can still close his ass hole. He wonders for how long before it can no 
longer hold his shit. As he works he can hear the women sexually frolicking in 
the next rooms. He was often called out. Usually to be their toilette to drink 
their piss. At least twice a day he was summoned to fuck Cuntlicker's ass. 
Mistress loves to watch his cock, pierced with rings, slide in and out of 
Cuntlicker's rosebud asshole. The first couple of weeks the fucking was 
accompanied by loud moaning, tears and crying of the searing fuck Cuntlicker 
received from his cock. Toilette would slide deep into her rectum. The ring on 
the end of his penis would "knock" on her cervix. Her cervix would respond by 
dilating open and the spasms would tickle the end of his penis. At this point 
Toilette's penis would explode his spunk into her.

As her asshole stretched she became more accustomed and just like cuntlicking 
she came to require her assfuck on a daily basis. She did not know what she 
liked best, the ass fucking, or the tongue licking her asshole got from Toilette 
as cleaned up his mess afterwards. After exploding in her asshole Mistress would 
grab him by the hair, "Now lick your spunk from her hole bastard." His face 
smashed into her bum, his tongue waded into her asshole still open wide from the 
spasms. Cuntlicker loved the feel of his tongue as it swirled around her 
sphincter and rectum walls. He had grown used to the salty semen peppered with 
any shit that may be left in her rectum after her morning enema. When his face 
was removed it glistened with brown tainted semen and cunt juice. After her ass 
licking they would then be made to make out, tongue kissing each other and 
sharing the waste. This of course re-excited them for another ass-fuck.

Their fervor would lead to punishment for they were not allowed to cum twice in 
one fuck session. They would be immediately led to the basement dungeon where 
they were hung by the wrists or ankles from the ceiling. A spreader bar would be 
tied to their wrists or ankles at the bottom (whichever way the were hung). 
Their nipple rings would be attached to each other as well as his penis ring to 
her clit ring. The whipping would commence. It was usually administered by Baby 
unless Mistress was particularly pissed off. It was much easier if it was Baby.

There were several kinds of whips. Baby's weapons of choice were to start with 
the riding crop and finish with the Singapore cane. She almost always preferred 
them upside down and facing each other. This way she had easy target access to 
their genitals as well as their butts. First she started with five slaps of the 
crop on their asses to warm them up to a nice red. Then more rained on the back 
and inside of their thighs, particularly painful. Then she raised the crop and 
it comes crashing onto Toilette's balls. He wails in pain and as his mouth opens 
he has lost control and saliva drains from his mouth over his nose and eyes. 
It's a rather disgusting and humiliating feeling that was a additional benefit 
for Mistress and Baby. His tossing around for relief of the pain would cause 
equally more pain for him and Cuntlicker as the tugging and pulling of their 
rings caused more penal and clit pain.

Baby then punishes Cuntlicker's pussy lips. Smacking down on them until they 
were red and swollen. She alternates back to Toilette's balls and cracks another 
hard one, almost causing him to puke with pain. Next comes the cane. The thing 
about the cane was it's deep pain. Most people pass out when struck with the 4 
foot long, 1" thick bamboo. As it was struck the cane bites deep into their ass, 
They were not gagged because Mistress loves the sound of their screams. They do 
not pass out but were dizzy from pain and being upside down. Baby alternates 
butts waiting till each finishes their barrage of screams as the pain subsides. 
Tears and Saliva pour from Cuntlicker's face. Toilette's screaming was 
particularly loud for Baby gives him an extra hard whack. Dark, deep bruises and 
contusions will appear from the caning. This made it painful to sit, and sit 
Toilette must, to do his work. The pain a reminder of the control they have over 
him.

There were other daily punishments for some transgression. It isn't hard to come 
up with one. If Toilette lost on a stock, Cuntlicker for crying during her ass 
fuck, or any action not up to Mistresses standards. Sometimes they received them 
together some times they had to watch the other get punished. Once Toilette was 
caught peering in on the ladies during a three way fuck session. Now they would 
each get a piece of him. First he was taken to the garage which was a 
mini-whipping station of the club's barn. He was then hung spread eagle from the 
rafters, his legs cuffed and tied to the rafters. He was hoisted in the up side 
down position and his legs were spread. His wrists were cuffed and secured 
spread to the floor. As they spread his legs an enema nozzle 4" thick was slid 
into his ass. It was lubed with balm causing his sphincter and insides to burn 
and convulse but nothing could escape. The enema bag was filled with wine and 
Tabasco sauce. As the enema released into his bowels his bowel walls began to 
burn throughout his stomach. This became the least of his problems as the women 
squared off with whips. At once they attacked. Mistress punishing the fronts of 
his thighs, penis, and painful direct hits on his balls. Baby beat his ass with 
a bull whip, leaving cuts and whelps. Cuntlicker struck his nipples over and 
over with a riding crop. They continued this until the enema was empty. His head 
was light from the wine, his insides burning from the Tabasco. His torso, butt 
and balls were streaked, cut and bruised from the beating. After the beating he 
squatted over the drain in the floor expelling the enema mix and feeling it burn 
his ass ring as the Tabasco passed by one more time.

Cuntlicker's punishments were much the same. Mistress and Baby take great joy in 
spreading her face up on a padded saw horse, her arms and legs stretched and 
secured behind her to the legs of the horse. From there they punch her big tits 
with their fist leaving big deep bruises. Her belly and thighs were whipped with 
the bull whip that cuts skin so easily. Their most fun was taking red hot pokers 
and searing her cunt lips and clit. This would curtail her sexual relief until 
the wounds healed but left her asshole and tongue for the pleasure of others.

At the third week baby had her baby. She was an arranged surrogate mother for a 
wealthy couple. When no baby came home she had the blues. Cuntlicker would look 
after her. Mistress verbally assaulted her, making her do her chores yet her 
physical and mental state could be best described as wasted. The grossest part 
was that when Baby was laying around Cuntlicker would be sucking and cleaning 
her hairless pussy. Needless to say Cuntlicker's face was smeared in red for 
many days. Toilette was not immune to it. When baby would have to piss he would 
be called over. As she rose and squatted over his mouth globs of red leaked into 
his throat as Baby washed it down with her pee. This lasted for about a week 
after the baby was born. Things returned to normal other than she was producing 
even more milk and had to be suckled every three hours. What was worse were the 
corporal punishments were administered by Mistress. They were intense. By the 
time Baby had healed Cuntlicker and Toilette were covered with welts, bruises, 
cuts and lacerations that would leave scars.

About six weeks after birth they were ready to venture out into public. Their 
wounds had healed; Baby slave had healed from her birthing. Toilette's 
investment business had taken hold and was already doing quite well.

The many wounds from their initiation beatings have healed. Their many genital 
rings have healed and they move freely in their piercing. Bells hang from 
Cuntlicker's rings on her tits and vagina. All the names of the members of 
Mistress's sex club hang in the form of charms from the rings of Toilette's 
penis, nipples, and balls. The branding of Mistresses' initials above his cock 
and Cuntlicker's permanently bare pubic have formed their scars. The tatlls of 
the mistresses names around their neck and on the butt have set. The hickeys 
have long disappeared, replaced by others left by Baby and Mistress. Their necks 
always have a necklace of hickeys. They have not had to go out in public with 
them but that was about to change. They were going to a beach that was isolated. 
After a mile hike, they will be alone. They are not dressed in much; both of 
them in their long cream shirts that give Mistress easy access to their bodies. 
Baby and Mistress wore bikini bathing suits. A collar for a leash was added to 
Cuntlicker and Toilette. They had to stop at the store for supplies. It was more 
than a little humiliating going down the isles knowing his ass, cock, and balls 
were only inches from exposure. Someone brushing against him or a little breeze 
could expose the tattoos, the rings that hung from his cock, and the branding. 
Cuntlicker had it worse. Bells hung from her cunt rings and it was odd to hear 
them jingle but not see what it was. Many an odd look came her way. As they 
paid, the cashier tried not to look at their necklace of hickeys but they could 
tell it was impossible for her not to satisfy her curiosity. Red faced they 
exited as fast as they could.

Once they arrive at the parking lot they get out of the car and begin packing 
their bags for the hike. As they get out, they were the only car at the lot, 
each of the girls pat their cunnus. As they lean against the van Toilette 
snuggles his mouth to their cunts, below their piss holes, and let them relieve 
themselves. Toilette was proud that his shirt remained white as he swallowed 
each gush of piss.

Toilette was loaded up to carry four gallons of fresh water and snacks in a 
pack. Cuntlicker had the blankets and towels. Baby carries another pack. Leashes 
were attached to their collars and a four-foot chain attached from the cock ring 
through his pee hole to the ring in Cuntlicker's clit. It slid easily through 
the button down shirts. They were led to the beach. There were only a few people 
on this weekday and they were in the opposite direction they headed. Mistress 
and Baby had their packs and Cuntlicker and Toilette carried the cooler, one on 
each side, attached by the chain to their genitals, led by a leash carried by 
Mistress. They trekked for about a mile where they set down their blankets and 
Toilette built a bond fire. The water was about a block away; the sight of them 
guarded by driftwood.

After they had set up camp Mistress wanted to have some fun, mostly humiliating 
Toilette. First, it was time for her milking. She popped down one the top of her 
swimsuit. As she sat up, Toilette had to approach her on all fours. Baby put on 
a strap on dildo and fucked his ass as Toilette sucked Mistress' milk. Baby 
worked it hard and his asshole was really burning. Needless to say, it was the 
fastest Toilette had ever dried mistress up. When Toilette was done it was time 
for Cuntlicker to milk baby. She was on all fours but this time Toilette fucked 
Cuntlicker's ass as she milked baby. Unfortunately Toilette loves the feel of 
Cuntlicker's tight asshole and Toilette came before Baby was milked. Toilette 
spent the rest of the time licking his cum from Cuntlicker's ass.

Baby's bag contained all the essential toys for Mistress. Toilette was cuffed 
with his ankles to his wrists so that the only way Toilette could walk was bent 
over or in small shuffles on all fours. A ten-pound ball weight was hung from a 
parachute around his balls. Toilette was then leashed to a log while Cuntlicker 
was prepared.

An enema of two gallons of water was prepared. A thick phallus enema nozzle was 
stuffed up her ass. As the water filled cuntlicker, you could see her belly 
expand. Cuntlicker had never had that much water in her belly since the 
initiation. You could see her cramp as her belly hung. As it was finished a plug 
was inserted in her asshole to hold it all in. Still in their shirts but with 
their asses exposed, they were led to the rolling waves of the pacific water. 
There was no one in sight as the only way they could make it was by crawling. 
Toilette, because of his cuffs, cuntlicker because her belly was so bloated she 
had to drag it along the sand for support. The weight from his balls caused him 
further pain. If Toilette lifted enough for the weights to be off the ground the 
sway and bobbing would pull pain through his balls. If Toilette let it drag as 
he crawled, the extra drag of the sand inflicted the same pain. As they reached 
the water Toilette was turned over and sat on his butt, his hands at his side 
his knees pulled up. Toilette was in a foot of water; an occasional wave would 
splash his head.

Cuntlicker was lifted to her feet. A loud moan, no a wail, could be heard from 
the pain of her sloshing, bloated belly as she arose. She was straddled above 
his face, her shirt draped over the back of his head. Toilette could only see 
her cunt and ass with the strapped in butt plug protruding. Her smoothed 
depilated cunt moved above his mouth. Mistress tormented her and asked if she 
would like to shit in her lover's mouth. Without his regard, she screams for 
anything that would give her belly relief. The plug was pulled and a gush of 
brownish clear water gushes onto his face. Mistress yelled Toilette better be 
swallowing if his mouth was not open. Most of the initial gush hit his forehead 
and drained into his hair and the ocean. After the initial gush, cuntlicker 
began a trickle of pee into his mouth. This was easy to swallow but it was mixed 
with squirts or enema liquid that hit his nose and forehead then spilled into 
his mouth. After she finished her piss she began to rub her pierced clit against 
his mouth and tongue, she wanted to cum. More brown enema liquid squirted his 
face as she quickly started to cum. Her legs were shivering from the weakness 
left by the intensity of orgasm coupled with tiredness created by the enema. She 
moaned loudly as the orgasm reached its peak. Baby had to balance her from the 
front. As the orgasm subsided, cuntlicker needed to expel the rest of the enema. 
She moved her asshole squarely over his mouth. Some Toilette had to swallow. It 
was coming so fast, most was spilling out of his mouth and down his shirt. 
Mistress peeled the shirt down to his cuffs, ripping the shirt buttons open. 
Toilette was naked in the water. When someone was filled so full like 
Cuntlicker, the water gets deep into your bowels and out comes bits of food, 
undigested. In addition, a deep colored, stinky sledge that must have been there 
for weeks, spit and spewed from Cuntlicker's asshole into his mouth and down his 
throat.

After she was empty they walk back to the fire. It was difficult for Cuntlicker 
for the exhaustion of the enema and for Toilette because of the weight that 
still hung from his balls. Back at the fire, Toilette knew he would be punished 
for not swallowing all of the enema toilette from cuntlicker. Toilette expected 
the worst of beatings. Mistress was more diabolical than that. It was a bright 
sunny day and Mistress had Baby take them both and draped them naked over a log. 
When she had them secured she draped some towels over their backs and legs 
leaving their butts exposed along with the back of his balls and Cuntlicker's 
cunt lips. They were aimed right at the Sun. They lay there for over an hour 
until their butts were so roasted they would blister. The pain of the sunburn 
Toilette had to endure made just sitting down, or his daily emptying of his 
bowels, exceed any beating Toilette could have received from Mistress.




Part Four - A Visit to Alana
(D/s, WS, Enema, Femdom)

Toilet and Cuntlicker had settled into their new life as slaves to the Mistress 
Samantha and her club. It had been three months since the initiation and they 
would be loaned out routinely to the two other lesbian couples, Alana and Minto, 
Jan and Cow. The wounds of Mistresses brand on the front of their permanently 
hairless pubic regions had healed. The tattoos of the signature of the club 
members on their buttocks and neck had also healed. The piercing on their 
genitals had healed. There were rings on Toilet's cock, balls, between his ass 
and balls, on the edges of his asshole, and his nipples. There were charms hung 
on the rings of his nipples, cock and balls with the mistress' given names. 
Cuntlicker had pierced rings on her nipples, inner and outer vagina lips that 
jingled with bells hung from them.

Cuntlicker had not had a period since the initiation and her tummy was showing a 
small bulge of pregnancy. Morning sickness had not besieged her though. Mistress 
was disappointed in this since she enjoyed humiliating the couple and nothing 
like Cuntlicker sharing her puke could be more humiliating for Toilet.

Their first loan was to Alana and Minto. Some things had to be constant no 
matter where they were. The morning ritual of Toilet receiving their morning 
piss straight from the source and enemas would continue. They would shit their 
enemas into a bucket with a hose attached. Cuntlicker would then stir the 
mixture to slurry and a three-inch wide enema nozzle shoved up Toilet's ass. The 
hose from the slurry attached to the nozzle and sent flowing into Toilets 
bowels. The contents usually measures about six quarts and severely distended 
Toilet's abdomen. By now it looked uglier than it felt, for he had grown 
accustomed to the daily ritual of bloating his belly. Alana and Minto lived more 
in the city, but their back yard was secluded enough to allow Toilet to waddle 
outside with his naked body and bloated belly, squat, and dispel the enema of 
shit in one of the flower beds.

Mistress and Baby missed them during their loan out periods. For one thing, they 
had to milk each other's swollen milk swollen breasts. They usually used a pump 
and sent it over by courier to Alana's for the slaves to drink. If they were out 
of the house they would lift up their blouses or halters and give the other a 
chance to suck them dry. It was important that this happens routinely to keep 
their tits producing milk. It was much better when Toilet and Cuntlicker were 
around to perform the task. They also had to use the toilet. Something they had 
become unaccustomed to since they had Toilet around to drink their pee from 
their pussies. The daily enemas kept their bowels clean. Mistress liked this so 
much she maintained the enema ritual and made baby fill her bowels and empty the 
shit into the garden in Toilet's absence. Baby did not drink Mistress' pee since 
Mistress loved to kiss and make love to Baby a couple of times a day and did not 
want to taste her own piss from Baby's mouth.

Mistress Alana was large of stature. Over 6' tall, black skinned, big boned, 
muscled, but with large protruding firm breasts. Like all members her pubics 
were permanently free of all hair. She had added another look since they last 
saw her. She had shaved her head making her even more intimidating. Minto was a 
petite oriental. Smooth dark skin with larger than average breasts of an Asian. 
She was a quiet and subservient slave to Alana who seemed not to appreciate 
Minto's calm behavior. You could see the scars on her buttocks and shaved vulva 
of the many whippings she had endured from her Mistress. The stay at Alana's 
would always be cruel. She was terribly sadistic and enjoyed whipping and 
torturing new slaves. Minto loved having them there too because it seriously cut 
down on the beatings she had to endure. Alana loved to beat the shit out of 
their asses and loved to watch Minto inflict pain onto the subjects as well. The 
beatings could be for any small infraction. She found it especially enjoyable if 
she had a real reason when she would inflict deep wounds.

This first long weekend started when Alana sent Toilet and Cuntlicker out to get 
groceries; they were dressed in the only cloths the members allowed them to own. 
One White button down twill cotton shirt that hung about six inches below their 
asses, and sandals. The nipple rings were quite noticeable against the white 
cotton. The jingle of the unseen bells was always humiliating for Cuntlicker as 
she walked the store isles. Any breeze or the rub in a crowd would easily expose 
their pierced genitals and tattoos to the public. Minto went with them to 
supervise. Once, as Cuntlicker pushed the cart Minto raised her shirt and petted 
her ass. She then reached between her legs and feathered the bells dangling from 
her pussy lips. She released in time for Cuntlicker not to be seen but a couple 
of heads of strangers turned, curious to the jingling sound. They were almost 
caught and Cuntlicker blushed. As Toilet shopped the produce Minto snuck behind 
him, reached out fondled his balls and cock making him hard. He them had to 
carry his hands in front to keep his cock from exposure. Minto would then 
command him to reach for something and his hard, pierced cock would peak out of 
the shirt opening. She did this in front of other men. Men would not report what 
they and saw, secondly, it reinforced publicly the status she had over Toilet. 
The whole experience was publicly humiliating for Toilet and Cuntlicker. It 
finished at the car. As Toilet loaded the groceries into a car, another woman, a 
stranger pulled in next to them. As she was getting out of the car Minto 
insisted that Toilet perform his basic function for her. Between the two cars, 
he was forced him to his knees. Minto lifted her skirt and drew him to her cunt. 
Just as the woman began to pass by Minto began to squirt her yellow nectar. The 
woman, aged about 50, stopped in curiosity. The demure Minto looked to the woman 
"This is so convenient having a portable Toilet, Care to use it?" The woman did 
not say a word but looked around like a "look out". She quickly and discretely 
removed her panty hose, putting them into her handbag. She waited for Minto to 
finish; Toilet did not miss a drop as usual. The woman was fascinated watching 
his throat gulp large quantities of Minto's pee. After Minto finished and Toilet 
had licked her clean, the woman brought herself forward, lifted her skirt, and 
squatted her very hairy pussy over his mouth and began to pee. He had never had 
a hairy pussy piss into his mouth before and could not seal his mouth, as he 
liked to. Some of the piss escaped staining his white shirt yellow. The woman 
left without nary a word, not even a thank you.

Upon their arrival, Mistress Alana was furious. Their little escapade had taken 
too long. The stained shirt meant that Toilet had allowed piss to escape his 
mouth. Alana quizzed how such a reportedly fine piss drinker could let this 
happen he recalled the incident in the parking lot with the stranger hoping to 
escape her wrath. Now Alana was furious. At Minto for tardiness and Toilet for 
his sloppiness, even if she did have hair. She immediately took them to her 
basement/dungeon where they hung naked from the rafter by their arms. Their legs 
spread eagle by a single spreader bar they were each attached to, facing each 
other, buttocks and back exposed for punishment.

To further add to the humiliation she would have Cuntlicker administer the 
punishment. This was hard for Cuntlicker on two accounts. It was not in her 
nature to be a "top" and she had never punished her husband, Toilet, before. She 
was handed a leather paddle for starters. She brought a stroke firmly to Toilets 
ass leaving a red mark. Suddenly, without warning, she felt the sting of a 
riding crop strike her ass. Arrrrunnngh! She screamed and bent at the knees to 
try to deflect the pain. A red welt in the shape of the riding crop's end began 
to emerge. "When you administer a paddling I expect to hear the victim yell. I 
expect to see corpuscles break and red bruises appear. If they do not I will 
hang you there with them and give you a first rate demonstration as to how it 
should feel.

"Got it?"

"Yes Mistress, I will do much better," replied Cuntlicker.

"You Better!" screamed the incensed, tall, and muscled black Mistress.

Next, she struck Minto, hard enough that a bluish bruise began to appear on her 
dark oriental buttocks. Another slap went to Toilet's left cheek. She swung so 
hard it sounded more like the thunk of a bar than a slap of a paddle. His ass 
immediately began to bleed under the skin. His voice rang out in pain and tears 
immediately welled up. Another slap went to Minto and she alternated five slaps 
to each of their buttocks. Each slap brought a yell for pain relief. Tears 
streaked down their cheeks, pussy juice was glistening on Cuntlicker's thighs. 
Mistress Alana could not help notice the pussy juice. She approached Cuntlicker 
and began to finger her clit and whisper in her ear, "So you like administering 
pain. You think you may want to come to the other side, the dominant side." 
Cuntlicker did not answer. She had always enjoyed the receiving end of the whip 
but she could not deny the excitement in her gut and juices from her pussy. 
Mistress Alana replaced the paddle with a cane in her hand, gave her a deep 
tongue kiss, and then stepped away. "Now strike their buttocks without mercy".

Cuntlicker flicked the cane onto Minto's buttocks. It left a thin welt. Just 
then, she felt a searing pain and then heard the loud crack of a whip connect to 
her vulva. She doubled over and fell to her knees. Her mouth moved but the pain 
was so strong no sound could emanate. She looked up bewildered at Mistress 
Alana. Alana commanded, " How will you know how hard to hit if you do not know 
how it feels. Now that cane should make them nearly pass out with pain. I want 
to hear the whoosh of air before it cracks their ass". Cuntlicker wanted no more 
of Alana's Whip. Nothing had felt that horrible from Mistress Samantha. She 
reared back with both hands on the cane like a baseball bat and brought it 
across Toilet's ass. He cried out in pain and the imprint of the cane could be 
seen with droplets of blood starting to ooze out. In a couple of hours a nasty 
multi-colored bruise would form. She turned to Minto and struck her just as 
hard. She did not cry out as Toilet had for she had received worse form Mistress 
Alana. Cuntlicker could see the remaining scars from those attacks. While her 
cries were not heard, the strikes of the three caning strikes would be seen on 
Minto's backside. Three long streaks across her buttocks, three deep bruises 
that would make sitting difficult for the next couple of days. Two more strikes 
hit Toilet. The third Cuntlicker put all of her force as she thrust herself off 
her feet with the forward swing. Toilet's mouth would open in pain but his vocal 
cords were so tight no sound came forth. He hung loose from the rafter, too weak 
to hold himself up, nearly passed out.

As Minto and Toilet hung exhausted and motionless, Cuntlicker stared numb from 
the feelings left by her experience. Sad for she did not like punishing her mate 
of such a short time but intense love, Toilet. Fascinated by the power she had 
as the whipmistress. Mistress Alana pressed her for what she liked best. Sub or 
Top? After some thought and a couple of smacks across her breasts for taking too 
long to answer she came up with what felt right, "I am not the domineering type, 
but I do like to be ordered to carry out the execution. I would gladly follow 
any order Mistress would want me to carry out and I would inflict as much pain 
as Mistress so desired on her slaves". A surprising answer for Alana but one she 
could live with. Someone to carry out her bidding.

Minto thought that she would become above the other slaves but she soon found 
out otherwise. She now shared her bed and mistress with another woman. On this 
weekend she frequently found herself on the other end of a crop or whip wielded 
by Cuntlicker. Worse, yet she was frequently ordered to satisfy Cuntlicker by 
licking her cunt until Cuntlicker washed her face in pussy juice as she came 
violently. Cuntlicker was a soaker. Pussy juice oozed from her vagina and spread 
profusely as she orgasmed on the face of Minto. Bells would jingle at a 
quickened pace as Cuntlicker neared orgasm. Watching those two, Alana became 
aroused every time and then would grab Cuntlicker by the head as stubble had 
only grown back of her hair shaved during initiation night. She then would hump 
Cuntlicker as Minto licked Cuntlicker's ass. This would arouse Cuntlicker once 
again and the cycle would begin again. This went on for 6 hours one day and all 
day the next. The only time they stopped was to humiliate and punish Toilet.

During this time, Toilet was mostly left to the chores of the house. Since Alana 
and Minto were totally lesbians, they had little interest in Toilet. They were 
taking the opportunity to get their home cleaned while he was here. They had 
padlocked his cock ring to the ring behind his balls, before his asshole. A nice 
chastity effect. A butt plug was stuffed up his ass and secured by belts around 
his waist and one up though the crack of his ass and over his padlocked cock and 
balls. The only arousal he got was when they found some chore not done to their 
liking (which was almost every chore). They would then bend him over a chair and 
either beat his already bloody ass or massage his balls to nearly crushing them. 
This worked him up into a testosterone stupor but no relief would come. The only 
pussy he got was when he was summoned to do his namesake duties and let them 
empty their piss into his mouth and down to his stomach. Toilet made all of the 
Dinners but received none himself. The only nourishment he was permitted was to 
empty the bottles of Breast Milk that arrived from Mistress Savana and Baby. It 
was more than ample since they milked themselves every two or three hours and 
Cuntlicker was not drinking her share.

Cuntlicker was constantly in the thralls of Alana's arms or being pussy licked 
by Minto. On a couple of occasions, she returned the favor to Minto by licking 
the little sweet clit nub of Minto. The best entertainment for Alana and Minto 
came when they would force Cuntlicker to administer severe corporal punishment 
on Toilet. The worst was when the unlocked Toilet's cock and then proceeded to 
strap him from the rafter spread eagle and up side down. First, his ass was 
filled with syrup, laced with Tabasco. A weird combination but it oozed in 
slowly and burned as it spread into his bowels. A full gallon was administered, 
bloating his belly. A large 4" butt plug painfully spread and plugged up his 
asshole. The whipping began and Cuntlicker starter with the cat o' nine tails. 
She worked up and down his entire body, torso, butt, and legs. This just got 
things good and red. The worst was when she hit his bowels and compressed the 
thick syrup causing pressure on his entire insides. Next came the birch switch. 
With this, she paid particular attention to his cock and balls. After the first 
couple of easy blows, she struck his balls hard and Toilet puked the milk from 
his stomach from the pain. His balls became purple and swollen. It looked like 
blood had began to gather in the sack. Toilet was begging for mercy but the 
screams were not understood as they gagged his mouth after the ball beating. 
Pain had only begun. Next came the bullwhip. Alana administered this because of 
the inexperienced Cuntlicker with the whip. The whip struck with deadly accuracy 
and easily cut his butt and thighs. She was so adept she could have easily 
severed his cock off. As she struck a bleeding blow just above the brand of 
Mistress' initials, one that would scar permanently. She then moved to his back 
and pummeled him with 20 lashes all the time touting the revenge of the black 
man and womankind. His back would now be scared by the whip for life as it bled 
from the cuts.

Minto then applied care to his wounds by treating them with iodine. It stung and 
burned deeply and Minto enjoyed watching him contract in pain although he could 
not curl due to his bonds. The treatment ever so painful but would prevent 
infection. He was then lifted down where he was placed on a table on his back, 
his torso secured, arms tied down underneath the table. The leg spreader 
remained with his legs bent and secured to the table behind his head, his 
genitals and bloody and beaten ass exposed. At his completion Alana and Minto 
grabbed Cuntlicker and secured her to the table in much the same Manner leaving 
her cunt and ass exposed outward. Minto went to the next room. While she did, 
Alana lassoed Toilet's right ball with a string drawing the skintight. Minto 
entered with a hot branding iron. On the end of the metal iron was the initial 
"A" glowing red-hot. Toilet knew what was coming, and the pain that would come 
of it. More tears welled up as Alana took the brand. She then laid it to his 
right ball searing her initial forever into his skin. She moved around the table 
and Cuntlicker now realized she had been used all this long weekend as not only 
a plaything but also a torment for Toilet and Minto. She would never replace 
Minto or secure a higher position. Minto entered with a fresh branding iron and 
she applied Mistress Alana's initial to her right outer cuntlip. She let it burn 
a little extra longer to make up for the humiliation she had gone through these 
last few days and wanted Cuntlicker to understand just what the pecking order 
was. A third degree burn incinerated her cuntlip leaving its mark for life.

Mistress Savana was none too pleased with the condition of Toilet upon his 
return but she expected as much. Alana is a mean and vicious Mistress and has 
little regard or need for the male condition. Its part of the understanding 
Mistress' must have for one another is to accept the other's methods on the 
slaves they share. Cuntlicker was none the worse for wear, except for the nasty 
burn on her cunt lip. It would heal and Mistress rather liked it. Upon their 
arrival, Mistress Savana and Baby drew Toilet to his knees and each took their 
turn peeing into his mouth. They then retired to the family room for TV and to 
have their tits suckled. They missed these little pleasures, something they 
would never admit to Toilet and Cuntlicker. Toilet and Cuntlicker would admit 
how happy they were to be back serving Mistress and Baby.










IV
Jan and Cow&#8217;s turn

After&nbsp; six&nbsp; weeks Toilet&#8217;s wounds from Alana&#8217;s visit were healing, and it was getting time for a club �gathering� .&nbsp; The gatherings started early in the afternoon and went until everyone crashed asleep in the wee hours of the morning.&nbsp; This time the theme would pornography.&nbsp; Cuntlicker and Toilet would be the stars..&nbsp;&nbsp; 


The �barn� was all set up.&nbsp; A special guest couple was invited.&nbsp; Harriet and Harry,&nbsp; she was a formidable bi femdom to Harry&#8217;s cuckold status.&nbsp; They also possessed significant video production skills, well respected in the Hollywood industry, so much of this party would be digitally recorded.&nbsp; Harriet was overweight, chubby but not fat, proportioned.&nbsp; Unlike all the rest of the women she had full body hair, arms, legs, and armpits unshaven, with a bushy dark vulva, medium length dark brown hair. Her breasts were a full D cup, with pillowtop nipples.&nbsp; Her features were pleasant but not a beauty, just an average down home woman.&nbsp; Harry was devoid of all hair, everywhere except his eyebrows and lashes.&nbsp; He had light soft skin, built slender, but not skinny.&nbsp; His cock was smallish, his balls, were missing!&nbsp; He was a eunuch.&nbsp; They had actually arrived the night before from San Diego and were staying as guests.&nbsp; 

Upon their arrival Harriet soon learned to partake in both the talents of Toilet and Cuntlicker.&nbsp; They had arrived just as dinner was being set.&nbsp; She asked if they could, undress,&nbsp; shower and use the bathroom before dinner, and she really had to pee.&nbsp; Of course mistress quickly called for Toilet who was carrying in their gear, �Toilet, honey, please help Harriet out with her pee pee.�&nbsp; Toilet walked over in front of Harriet, steadily dropping to his knees, �May I remove your shoes and pants mistress?�.&nbsp; Harriet, a little stunned nodded yes.&nbsp; Toilet unbuttoned and unzipped her pants after removing her shoes, exposing her wide hips, full thighs and hairsuite pussy.&nbsp; �You may mount my mouth and face now�, Toilet announced in an inquisitive voice.&nbsp; Harriet skidded her feet as she straddled his face.&nbsp; Mistress was looking forward to punishing Toilet for the spillage he was all likely to do, given the amount of hair she had.&nbsp; Toilet opened as wide as he could, covering her pussy with his mouth, the inside tickled with the expanse of pubic hair hanging into his mouth,&nbsp; To the lookers on, Mistress, Baby, and Harry, they were amazed as Toilet guzzled her pee without near a drop being spilled.&nbsp; In astonishment Harriet proclaimed to Harry, �Oh, you are going to learn a new skill, this is great�.&nbsp; She even began to hump his face as Toilet licked her pussy lips clean.&nbsp; When she queried about Harry and his need to pee, Upon the signal from Mistress, Toilet slid over and enveloped his cock, something her had never done before, but since there were no balls, somehow it seemed ok.&nbsp; The piss shot down his throat and his inexperience with cock showed, as the piss back flowed down his chin and body to the floor.&nbsp; Just the opportunity Mistress had been waiting for.&nbsp; Mistress did not wait for punishment but made him suck the pee up, then spread his legs as she delivered a powerful blow to his balls.&nbsp; He sank prone to the floor in agony.&nbsp; She followed that with two hard bruising stomps on his continuously marred ass.&nbsp; Harriet, intrigued by the display, picked up her clothes and marched off to the guest room with Harry in tow.&nbsp; 

The rest of the night was uneventful for our communal family but a sensory overdose for Harriet and Harry.&nbsp; From watching Toilet drink pee all night, Toilet sitting on this very large dildo at dinner, watching Cuntlicker get everyone off at least once and most twice.&nbsp; When Cuntlicker went to suck Toilet off,&nbsp; Harriet interrupted, asking Mistress if she could borrow his cock.&nbsp; Being the gracious hostess she is, she said, �Most certainly, as long as we get to watch�.&nbsp; Since she had most recently been licked by&nbsp; and squirted Cuntlicker&#8217;s face, she was ready for Toilet to mount her.&nbsp; They were in the family room, so Harriet merely spread her legs while sitting on the coach and ordered Toilet to mount her.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She grabbed him hard by the nipple rings and telling him not to cum until she commands.&nbsp; It was something of a shock to Cuntlicker to watch her husband fuck another woman.&nbsp; While there was first a pang of jealousy, that gave way to watching his big cock piston in and out of her hairy cunt.&nbsp; After about 10 minutes she came to her first orgasm, you could hear the squirt from her cunt, and watch the sofa darken with pussy juice.&nbsp; Besides the squirt, Toilet would have to endure her nails digging into and scratching his ass as she convulsed in orgasm.&nbsp; She told Toilet to keep pumping through two more orgasms before commanding him to fill her womb with seed.&nbsp; As he finished he lay atop her soft body for a few minutes before she thanked him and pushed him to sit next to her, watch this, here is a skill you can learn.&nbsp; She kept her legs spread as the thick seed and semen began to ooze from her hair shrouded pink cunt.&nbsp; Harry came crawling between her legs, licking and sucking the combined juices.&nbsp; She began to hump his face, holding his bald head firmly in place as she orgasm and squirted one more time into Harry&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; She ended the session with, �I hope he got the seed before it got to nirvana, otherwise we&#8217;ll be welcoming number 7.&nbsp; How would you&nbsp; like to raise yet another man&#8217;s kid Harry?�.&nbsp; He replied, �As always I welcome all children born of your womb�.

They all retired to their bedrooms, Toilet and Cuntlicker lying facing each other, locked by their genitals, heads, torso propped up, so that anyone could use them through the night.&nbsp; Toilet was used several times, Cuntlicker used by Harriet and Baby to get off on.&nbsp; As the next morning arrived Harriet was led to the utility/bathroom just off T&amp;C&#8217;s room.&nbsp; There she participated in the morning ritual of pissing into Toilet, and receiving an enema to empty into the enema bucket which Cuntlicker would stir to smooth slurry.&nbsp; This time the enema hose split into two from the bucket.&nbsp; A 3� flanged nozzle was stuck into Toilet, one half that size into Harry.&nbsp; A rope was tied around Harry&#8217;s cock, then connected to Toilet pierced cock ring.&nbsp; There was nearly 12 quarts of enema shit to fill them, Toilet probably took in a majority since Harry was full of his own shit.&nbsp; Both their bellies protruded like they were pregnant.&nbsp; They struggled to get up, then they waddled to one of the gardens at least 25 yards away.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was humiliating for both as Cuntlicker pulled the nozzles from them and the water and matter came shooting out.&nbsp; There was nothing they could do but squat side by side draining the shit from themselves.&nbsp; 

&nbsp; Harriet and Harry would be both participants and the ultimate voyeurs, videographing the entire gathering.&nbsp; Everyone began to arrive about noon.&nbsp; Jan and Cow were first, followed by Alana and the bruised and battered Minto.&nbsp; Of particular bruising this time was her pussy.&nbsp; It was a dark purple and swelled larger than the pregnant Cuntlicker.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Of course first to greet everyone was Toilet providing his unique services for the travel weary and bloated bladders.&nbsp; Harry videographed every drop of pee as they sprayed into Toilets mouth and focus into his neck and face to record the gulps into his belly.&nbsp; 
Cuntlicker was on display in the playroom, for use at anytime for anything.&nbsp; She was bent propped up on a slanted board, her arms secured behind her back, her legs spread as wide as her tendons would allow, exposing her naked pussy.&nbsp; Her hands were tied behind her back, her large tits hung to the side.&nbsp; Her baby bump was now pronounced, her pussy lips swelling, and aereola darkening.&nbsp; Alana was the first to hop a ride, lowering her large black cunt over Cuntlickers face.&nbsp; She could see the tampon string extending from Alana&#8217;s cunt as it lowered to her mouth.&nbsp; After all with 7 women, at least one had to be on her period.&nbsp; But this time Alana only wanted to get off, so Cuntlicker focused on Alana&#8217;s mammoth clit, licking and sucking the monster that was like a 2 � inch dick fucking her tongue.&nbsp; Alana&#8217;s orgasm arose quickly and she started to grunt loudly as she convulsed over Cuntlicker.&nbsp; Thick cunt juice oozed from her, Cuntlicker lapping and swallowing it up up as Alana continued to convulse on her face.&nbsp; This scene would repeat itself many times in the next couple of hours as all the women took advantage of Cuntlicker&#8217;s talented tongue.

It was Harry&#8217;s job to capture it all on video.&nbsp; Harriet would direct him what to shoot in between her participation in the social activities.&nbsp; To say the least there was lots of kissing, caressing, groping, and grinding.&nbsp; The BBQ was also open and everyone would make themselves lunch when they wanted, except Toilet and Cuntlicker of&nbsp; course, as their mouths were occupied.&nbsp; And Harry captured it all.&nbsp; He was under strict orders of which faces he could capture and which ones not.&nbsp; Mistress was a no, she did not want incriminating evidence of herself.&nbsp; Alana was no, but Minto was yes, Jan and Cow were a yes.&nbsp; Mistress loved the idea that the existence of this video would further bind her hold on Toilet and Cuntlicker.&nbsp; For if they were ever to leave, these videos would be broadcast all over the net, making it impossible for them to get jobs and clients.&nbsp; 

As the afternoon wore on it was game time.&nbsp; Toilet would be the human target.&nbsp; He was taken out back where his head and hands were locked into stock set low to the ground.&nbsp; This allowed him to be on his knees with his ass sticking up and out.&nbsp; Mistress took bands and attached them to his ass rings, bringing outside of his hips and attaching them to his penis ring (PA).&nbsp; This exposed his asshole, and his balls hung low between his knees.&nbsp; The ladies gathered 20 paces away with paint guns.&nbsp; The object was simple, each would get 5 shots, 3 points for an asshole shot, 2 for a cheek shot, 2 for a balls hit, and one for a thigh hit.&nbsp; Winning team (combined mistress and slave) would get Toilet and Cuntlicker for the next two weeks.&nbsp; Alana was first, the first strike was a near miss of his asshole, 2,3, and 4 were also cheek shots, the fifth was the first direct shot of his Asshole.. Toilet cried out in pain from that as he could feel some penetration into his asshole.&nbsp; Minto was not so productive, no asshole shots, three cheeks and a complete miss.&nbsp; Alana was not pleased and told Minto what to expect when they got home.&nbsp; Next up Jan and Cow, and Jan was smart as she told Cow what the prize would be if they won, great incentive!&nbsp; The first a direct asshole strike, the next an intentional ball strike.&nbsp; Toilet almost vomited in pain on that one.&nbsp; Two near misses to his asshole and one more direct asshole strike.&nbsp; Jan was almost as accurate, One asshole strike, one ball strike and 3 cheeks.&nbsp; Toilet was almost passed out from the pain, especially the ones to the balls.&nbsp; Next up was Mistress and Baby.&nbsp; Baby went for ass shots, inflicting the least pain (that&#8217;s a relative term) but not looking like she wasn&#8217;t trying.&nbsp; Mistress knew Jan and Cow had not hosted Toilet and Cuntlicker&nbsp; yet, and didn&#8217;t think she could beat them anyway.&nbsp; She shot four thigh shots and one ball shot.&nbsp; Maximum pain, minimum points.&nbsp; Tears were rolling down Cuntlicker&#8217;s face, he cried out but he was now hoarse, so while he convulsed in pain, his cries were silent.&nbsp; He was left there for another hour until the next one would need his services. Of course this was captured on video, double camera, one on his ass and one on his face capturing the agony in his face.&nbsp; The ladies shared Cuntlicker for her namesake duties as well as sucking the milk from Baby, cow, Jan, and Mistress&#8217; tits as needed.&nbsp; Cuntlicker was one contented slave.&nbsp; Toilet not so much.&nbsp; They hosed the paint off of him with a high pressure nozzle, that hurt.&nbsp; His many bruises on his ass cheeks, thighs, balls, and his asshole were evident.&nbsp; The ones on his balls and asshole were particularly nasty.&nbsp; As everyone had consumed considerable beverages, his services were in high demand.&nbsp; He had drank more pee than ever in one afternoon.

The time was approaching for the ceremonial gathering of the club.&nbsp; As usual it took place in the &#8216;field house�.&nbsp; A building larger than a garage, smaller than a barn.&nbsp; As Mistress entered with Toilet and Cuntlicker you could see Cow laying spread eagle on a mattress in the middle of the room.&nbsp; Cameras and microphone booms were set up providing many angles for whatever action may take place.&nbsp; Jan came forward and took Toilet&#8217;s hand, Mistress took Cuntlicker with her to chairs near the mattress.&nbsp; There lay Cow, a woman of 33 years, who started having kids when she was 16 but has kept none for herself.&nbsp; Yet she loves and has been pregnant most of those years.&nbsp; She is not tied down but is spread legged, you can see her bare cunt, pierced with 11 rings, of varying but thick gauge.&nbsp; Her enormous milk swollen breasts lay to her sides and were leaking milk.&nbsp; They too were pierced with 2�, 6 gauge rings.&nbsp; Jan announced to the group that it had been nearly a year since Cow had her last baby and it was time for another, this would be her eleventh.&nbsp; 

Jan was decidedly lesbian, Cow was Bi, but lived and preferred being with Jan, so she only had male partners when it was time to conceive.&nbsp; And she did enjoy cock in her pussy when she had the opportunity.&nbsp; Jan brought Toilet over to Jan after she removed his PA piercing.&nbsp; Cow sat up and began to massage his balls and suck his cock until it was hard.&nbsp; She was already wet for entering.&nbsp; Once he was board stiff, 30 seconds, Cow laid back down and told him to mount her.&nbsp; As he began to pump her hard, Cow began shouting, � Oh yeah, give me that cock, give me that seed, make me pregnant bastard�.&nbsp; She looked Cuntlicker deliberately in the eyes, �How do you like having your husband fuck another woman until she&#8217;s with baby?&nbsp; It feels so good to have his cock in my hole, and soon he will shoot his babymaker&#8217;s into me.&nbsp; Oh God he feels so good, but you know that.&nbsp; You know and I know how good that fat cock feels in our pussies.&nbsp; How do you like it bitch?&nbsp; How do you like watching your hubby fuck another woman?&nbsp; Oh, it feels so good.&nbsp; Shoot me Toilet, shoot me full of cum�.&nbsp; She grunted and grunted.&nbsp; As she orgasm, her squirt was soaking the mattress and excited Toilet to where he exploded deep into her fertile pussy.&nbsp; Her breast squirted milk from her swollen breast further soaking the mattress.&nbsp; Once she was full of cum Toilet was pulled away, and Cow motioned for Cuntlicker, �Clean that pussy, just the outside, leave the rest of the seed inside�.&nbsp; Once she had completed the cleaning of both Cow&#8217;s and Toilets cum, Cow pulled her head up to her tits, � Suckle those breasts, they hurt from being so full of milk�.&nbsp; Cuntlicker sucked in the pierced nipples and began to suck shots of mother&#8217;s milk directly from the tap. Cow went on tormenting Cuntlicker, � Do you like watching your husband fuck another woman?&nbsp; Do you like knowing he is making me with child?&nbsp; How is it to watch his thick cock pound my pussy?&nbsp; How do like knowing he enjoyed fucking and kissing me?&nbsp; You know you are going to get to watch this every day for the next couple of weeks.&nbsp; I am going to enjoy fucking the shit out of your husband, and I am going to carry his child�.&nbsp; As Cuntlicker sucked,&nbsp; tears welled in her eyes.

As Cuntlicker continued to suckle the soon to be pregnant Cow, Jan prepared her clinic table for piercings and tattoos if anyone wanted to update.&nbsp; She first secured Toilet to the table, hands cuffed to the side of the table, legs secured into the stirups.&nbsp; First up was updating the names around his neck, adding Harriet and Harry to the names of people he had drank the pee of.&nbsp; Harry was the only guy so far.&nbsp; Not only had Jan pulled his Prince Albert out to save Cow discomfort, she also was increasing the size of the one she put back in, 1.5 inches diameter, 6 guage.&nbsp; That would take some getting used to for Cuntlicker when she fucked him.&nbsp; She also increased the size of the ring between his balls and anus, then capped that off by locking the PA and that ring together.&nbsp; A very effective chastity device.&nbsp; After she finished Toilet, Alana came over to add a large clit ring, which made her big black pussy look even more intimidating.&nbsp; Alana also ordered up some thick nipple studs for Minto.&nbsp; Harriet, getting carried away, had nipple rings pierced for her and Harry.&nbsp; Finally mistress brought over Cuntlicker who had finished suckling Cow dry.&nbsp; She wanted a second nipple ring behind, bigger and deeper her current rings for each nipple.&nbsp; She then increase the diameter and size of Cuntlicker&#8217;s clit ring, and attached the key to the lock on Toilet before sealing the clit ring shut.&nbsp; The second key would travel with Toilet to be given to which ever Mistress he was servicing at the time.&nbsp; Since Jan would be taking them home, she held on to it.

Mistress was actually quite pleased with the look, more control over Toilet.&nbsp; She thanked everyone for coming and said she had one more scene for Cuntlicker and Toilet she wanted captured on video.&nbsp; She told them it was quite disgusting and they may not want to stay in the room.&nbsp; Everyone did stay.&nbsp; The bed was removed exposing the floor drain.&nbsp; Cuntlicker and Toilet were brought to the middle and told to get in all fours, butt to butt.&nbsp; Mistress brought over the IV pole with two four quart enema bags full of the slurried shit from everyone&#8217;s enemas.&nbsp; Toilet&#8217;s butt plug was removed and replaced with a butt blug nozzle, a butt blug nozzle was stuffed up Cuntlicker. The bag lines were open and a steadily their bellies destended with the enemas.&nbsp; The four quarts were quite difficult for Cuntlicker and she moaned in distress, but the nozzle was not coming out.&nbsp; Toilet&#8217;s emptied first, the nozzle removed and he was plugged with a butt plug stopper.&nbsp; While Cuntlicker finished her enema Mistress took bets on how long Cuntlicker could hold her enema.&nbsp; The low was 15 seconds, the high 5 minutes.&nbsp; 

Mistress announced the challenge, �Cuntlicker, you will present you asshole to Toilet and he will place his open mouth tongue upon it.&nbsp; If you can hold it for longer than the longest bid (that was Mistress&#8217; bid of course0 you will be allowed to empty yourself in the floor sink.&nbsp; If you should not hold it, then of course you will be shitting in your husband face and mouth and with continue to do so until you are empty.&nbsp; He will then return the favor on you to empty himself.&nbsp; A lot is at stake here, if you fail not only will you be shitting on your husband, but it is being captured on video, and how embarrassing would that be if it ever got out over the net?&nbsp; With that Mistress slowly removed the nozzle, letting Cuntlicker&#8217;s ass seal shut.&nbsp; She then raised her slowly over to Toilet who was sitting on his butt with his arms behind him holding his torso up.&nbsp; His legs were straight out, his belly swollen.&nbsp; Cuntlicker slightly squatted over his face, hands on her knees, she was shaking.&nbsp; She quickly knew there was no way she was going to make 5 minutes, and as she was contemplating to hold it as long as she could or let it go, her ass began to leak the watery shit.&nbsp; She just let go, a gusher directly into Toilets mouth, most of it back washing out and down his torso.&nbsp; He gagged several times but ultimately held what he swallowed down.&nbsp; There was a pause, at which time Mistress commanded her to fuck his face with her asshole and cunt.&nbsp; Mistress commanded her to wash it down his throat with her pee, she promptly placed her pussy over his mouth and drained her bladder.&nbsp; She continued to fuck his face with her ass and cunt all the while more enema shit escaped her.&nbsp; As disgusting as she felt, how horrible she felt for what she was doing to Toilet, she felt an orgasm well up over her.&nbsp; She ground her ass hard into Toilet&#8217;s face, cumming, and uncontrollably draining what was left inside her.
Toilet now had to return the favor.&nbsp; He took his position over her face and began to expel the enema.&nbsp; This was particularly tough for Cuntlicker since she had no experience being shit on.&nbsp; He too had to grind his ass into her face as Cuntlicker massage his anus with her tongue between gushes.&nbsp; As Toilet and Cuntlicker would talk later this was the most vile thing they had ever had to do.&nbsp; Everyone in the room knew it was over the top.&nbsp; In fact unknown to all Harry would set a self destruction for the video for 4 hours after he was gone.&nbsp; Toilet and Cuntlicker would seek revenge someday.

At about 8:00 pm everyone loaded up to head home.&nbsp; In the back seat of Jan&#8217;s car Toilet was put on all fours facing the window, ass in the middle, a large double ended dildo shoved up his ass.&nbsp; Cuntlicker was put into the back seat ass first, so the dildo could be shoved up her ass.&nbsp; Padlocks locked their genitals together.&nbsp; Their clothes were thrown in a bag in the back.&nbsp; They would travel to Jan and Cow&#8217;s naked, butt to butt, their faces close to the windows so passing vehicles would look on in curiousity at the naked people, butt to butt&nbsp; in the back seat.&nbsp; After the humiliation they had just been through this was nothing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Jan drove particularly slow to make sure there were ample folks to see her naked cargo.&nbsp; 

Cuntlicker had all of her body hair permanently removed, her head was current shaved except for eyebrows and lashes.&nbsp; She had pierced rings on her nipples, clit, several on her outer and inner labia, bells hung and jingled from all of her rings.&nbsp; She had brandings of Mistress, Alanda, and a fresh one of Jan&#8217;s above her cunt and on her outer labia..&nbsp; She had a tattoo around and under her neck, �This bitch has licked the cunts of ::�, several names followed and Harriet&#8217;s had been added.&nbsp; On her ass was the tattoo, �This cunt and ass have been fucked by���.�&nbsp; Followed by many names, only one of which was a male&#8217;s, that of&nbsp; Toilet&#8217;s.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

While none too thrilled to be leaving Mistress and Baby, Toilet could not imagine it would be any&nbsp; worse than Alana.&nbsp; Little did he know behind Jan&#8217;s seemingly laid back demeanor was a man-hater.&nbsp; She did not like that Toilet was part of the visit package but was willing to accept it as part of the club agreement and she would tolerate it to be to able to fondle and play with the now 5 month pregnant Cuntlicker.&nbsp; She liked her women pregnant.&nbsp; She drooled over swollen pussy lips, dark areola, and swollen breasts.&nbsp; And Cuntlicker was all that.&nbsp; Her rather large bald pussy was now protruding between her legs, swollen and darkening in color.&nbsp; Her breasts lay heavy, she was always well endowed, now an easy DD headed for EEE by the time the baby would come.&nbsp; Her nipples stood out an inch and were chocolate in color.&nbsp; 

When they arrived at the house Jan announced the sleeping arrangements, �For this two weeks Cuntlicker and I will share my bed, while Cow and Toilet will share the guest bed. Cunt will use her key to unlock Toilet every night, thus giving permission for these to fuck the night away, and I want to hear lots of fucking.&nbsp; I expect Cow to be knocked up after these two weeks, if you aren&#8217;t already! Now unlock him.�&nbsp; Cuntlicker had to move close&nbsp; enough to Toilet that her tits pressed into him as she unlocked his penis.&nbsp; A small tear dripped down her cheek as she felt the hurt of having to give her husband to another woman.&nbsp; She gave him a soft kiss on the lips.&nbsp; Jan calmly told Cuntlicker to spread her legs, and then gave her a vicious kick to the pussy,&nbsp; she fell to the floor holding her pussy, convulsing in pain.&nbsp; Jan told her, �Don&#8217;t ever give affection to your husband without my permission, and don&#8217;t worry it won&#8217;t be coming this two weeks�.&nbsp; 

Off to bed they went.&nbsp; Cow undressed and immediately went for Toilet&#8217;s cock sucking into her mouth.&nbsp; She then pulled him on top of her and demanded, �Oh fuck me, I loved that cock of yours, pound me, cream me, make me pregnant.�&nbsp; He had to admit laying on her soft body feeling those big tits, their genital rings intertwining was a turn on, while he loved Cuntlicker getting some new pussy once in a while was not bad.&nbsp; He pounded her pussy as she demanded more and more.&nbsp; She was constantly kissing him and sucking on his neck giving him deep bruises.&nbsp; He finally exploded in her cunt.&nbsp; After laying there holding each other she got up and left the room.&nbsp; Toilet was not sure why, because if it was to relieve herself he provided all those services.&nbsp; No, Cow had made her way to Jan&#8217;s bedroom where she was locked in a deep embrace.

Jan had seduced Cuntlicker to her bed where she started by having her pussy licked to a gigantic orgasm.&nbsp; Oh yeah, she lived up to her name.&nbsp;&nbsp; They became more passionate, kissing and grinding into each other, their equally big tits pressed firmly.&nbsp; Cuntlicker went with this, all in, since it distracted her from what was happening in the room across the hall.&nbsp; As Cow entered the room she asked Jan if she could have her pussy cleaned by Cuntlicker.&nbsp; Jan asked the question she already knew the answer to but wanted to hear the answer, �And why did you come in here to make this request?�&nbsp; She replied, �Because my pussy is full of his spunk and I want her to clean my pussy that is about to be pregnant with his seed.�&nbsp; Of course she was given permission and Cuntlicker was sure this had been pre-arranged.&nbsp; Cow hovered over Cuntlicker where she could see the cum beginning to drip onto Cow&#8217;s pussy rings,&nbsp; She licked the rings before entering her well used cunt, licking all the cum she could.&nbsp; Yet another tear would fall down her cheek.&nbsp; 

The next morning, the three ladies emptied their bladders into Toilet.&nbsp; They also gave each other an enema to get things started on the right regimen.&nbsp; Two quarts each, then Cuntlicker mixed into a slurry, then it was used to fill Toilet&#8217;s bowels.&nbsp; Since their home was not private enough, he was led to the basement where he was cuffed and hung from the ceiling rafter but could squat over the floor drain.&nbsp; They all watched on to his humiliation and squatted, arms suspended high, moaned, and grunted as he emptied his bowels.&nbsp; When he was completely empty, about 30 minutes later, Cuntlicker was to spray and scrub him clean.&nbsp; 

When they went back upstairs Jan and Cow were sitting in the living room, Cow on the couch with a drop of milk suspended on her tit.&nbsp; Jan was in a chair, her legs spread, her pussy was had at least 10 pierced rings.&nbsp; Jan commanded, � Before you two do your chores, I want Toilet to fuck Cow again.&nbsp; And Cuntlicker you are going to be �69� under Cow so you can watch your husband&#8217;s cock fuck another cunt, making it all cummy and pregnant.&nbsp; Of course any leakage is yours to clean up.&nbsp; With that Cuntlicker laid on a blanket on the floor, Jan climbed on top, her milky tits laying to the sides of Cuntlicker&#8217;s tummy.&nbsp; Toilet had no problem getting hard, and rubbed his cock against another pussy that was adorned with a dozen ring piercings.&nbsp; As he rubbed her cunt and clit Cow began getting very wet.&nbsp; He entered and began pumping her, it didn&#8217;t take long before she was squirting against his balls, and the squirt was falling onto Cuntlicker&#8217;s face.&nbsp; Cow dived into Cuntlicker&#8217;s pussy and began licking her clit.&nbsp; Cuntlicker couldn&#8217;t help but to respond and she too began squirting and orgasming on Cow&#8217;s face.&nbsp; As Cow was being humped, her tits were leaking milk down the sides of Cuntlicker&#8217;s belly.&nbsp; As she came, her tits were in full squirt without anyone touching them.&nbsp; Toilet exploded into Cow.&nbsp; She may have already been pregnant, or maybe this one did the trick.&nbsp; As Toilet pulled out of Cow, Cuntlicker sucked his cock of their joint juices.&nbsp; Tears rolled down her face from the humiliation of watching her husband fuck another woman up close, tears of the joy of orgasm from Cow, and tears of a secret love she was developing for Cow.&nbsp; She dismissed Toilet&#8217;s cock and began not only licking Cow&#8217;s cunt, but actually making love to it.&nbsp; That passion did not escape Cow and she began to fuck her face, squirting out both Toilet&#8217;s cum and her own into Cuntlicker&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; Of course Cuntlicker had one more duty to do, she would lick Jan to her first climax of the day as Toilet sucked Cow&#8217;s tits dry.&nbsp; 

Cow&#8217;s tits were huge, not just heavy and protruding, but the base covered over half of her chest.&nbsp; These were 48 HHH, but while they drooped a bit, they didn&#8217;t sag to waste.&nbsp; The areola were very large and puffy, and since she was nursing they were darker.&nbsp; Toilet would have no trouble keeping full on her milk.&nbsp; Every 2 to 3 hours he would breast feed from Cow, and each time Cuntlicker would make love to Jan&#8217;s pussy, getting her off each time, usually several times, the woman was an orgasm machine.&nbsp; After each session Jan would kiss Cuntlicker and give her a large hickie on her neck, way above the collar line.&nbsp; 

Over the next two weeks this scene would repeat itself at least 20 times.&nbsp; Most of the time they would fuck in separate beds, but a couple of times the all shared the Jan&#8217;s king bed,&nbsp; so Cuntlicker not only hear what was going on but see it.&nbsp; And she could also see how much Cow was enjoying it and how much she was falling in love with her husband.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cow was also falling in love with Cuntlicker too, and she would tell her that when Jan would give permission for Cow to use Cuntlicker too.&nbsp; Jan thought Cow was just satisfying her preferred basic lesbian desires, but for Cow it was more.&nbsp; She was finding a bond and connection to Toilet and Cuntlicker like she had never felt, � You guys are such warm lovers, I am falling for you both, you make me feel warm.�&nbsp; Cuntlicker did not know what to think or how to act on this information but it was obvious she was not satisfied with Jan.

Jan never made love to Cow the entire two weeks, but she sure kept Cuntlicker busy.&nbsp; She had Cuntlicker lick her off at least four times daily.&nbsp; They would do it the morning in the kitchen, when they went someplace Jan would have Cow drive and get in the back with Cuntlicker and they would grope and grind.&nbsp; They went out often, and most of the time when they went T &amp; C were not allowed clothes.&nbsp; These were trips to the woods of someone else house, or the beach.&nbsp; When they arrived at someone else&#8217;s place it was pretty embarrassing as they were now covered in hickies, their tits and genitals jingles heavily, the lock hanging from Toilet&#8217;s penis clunked and banged.&nbsp; These were friends of Jan&#8217;s that knew about her lifestyle, knew about Toilet and Cuntlicker, and she just wanted to show them off.&nbsp; Still it was humiliating in front of strangers, and of course they had to fulfill their duties, which kept them both busy as all of Jan&#8217;s friends were lesbians wanting to try out the mythical skills of Cuntlicker.&nbsp; What they found out it was no myth.&nbsp; Cuntlicker would start with gentile licks of the outside labia making her way into their vaginal folds, and then up and onto their clits.&nbsp; The combination of thick tongue followed by the gentile licking of their clits while she hugged their torso and breasts, left them helpless to their orgasms.&nbsp; None would not last more than 5 minutes before they were grunting and quaking in orgasm.

On one trip there were two lesbian couples there.&nbsp; Jan thought it wouldn&#8217;t be polite to leave Toilet on the sidelines so she arranged for Toilet to be accessible for a strapon gang bang in the living room.&nbsp; He was bent over the arm of the couch, his ankles secured to the legs, and his arms cuffed behind his back, he was blindfolded.&nbsp; There were three stapons to chose from, thick and 8� deep, medium and 10�, and one thick&nbsp; 12� long with balls.&nbsp; Now the only lubrication he was allowed was his own saliva as he had to suck the cock shaped dildos for prepping of their insertion.&nbsp; Mistress commanded Cuntlicker, �Why don&#8217;t you get us started with the first fucking�.&nbsp; Mistress knew the first one was the hardest and most painful, and she enjoyed watching his wife have to administer the pain to him.&nbsp; Other than the lack of lube these dildos were not an unmanageable size for Toilet.&nbsp; The depth of the largest one was uncomfortable on a couple of thrusts but he handled the size pretty well.&nbsp; What made it difficult was the relentless parade to fuck his ass.&nbsp; With a bunch of lesbians he didn&#8217;t think he would be much in demand, but the first session went on for a good 2 hours and only stopped when they all needed his services to pee.&nbsp; Once the pee break was over the next session started.&nbsp; He never saw who was fucking his ass.&nbsp; He only felt their thighs and hips pounding against the back of his legs and butt.&nbsp; The strapon penetrating relentlessly, only stopping to change who was doing the fucking.&nbsp; 

Jan was not a great deal into pain but she was into humiliation.&nbsp; Since they came for the two weeks with little clothes, Jan did little to cover them up.&nbsp; Cuntlicker was showing her pregnancy.&nbsp; When they going out in public, Cuntlicker would be allowed some painties and bra from Cow, that did not cover much.&nbsp; Toilet would be put into a diaper.&nbsp; While extremely embarrassing, it wasn&#8217;t illegal.&nbsp; They wouldn&#8217;t get out of the car often, but would still have to endure the stares from passing cars, and gas station attendants.&nbsp; Jan would take them out to public parks for picnics and hikes.&nbsp; While they would pick secluded areas there were the occasional passer byes.&nbsp; Of course if Cow or Jan needed milking, the tit would be whipped out and Toilet or Cuntlicker would have to suckle it.&nbsp; In the back of the car, it was pretty obvious what was going on the passer by.&nbsp;&nbsp; At a park one day, a couple was passing by, a dyke and her sweet heart, they saw Toilet laying in Cow&#8217;s lap sucking her tit dressed only in a diaper.&nbsp; But they figured it out quickly, �Nice servant you have there.&nbsp; What else does he do for you?�&nbsp; What happened next was a real surprise to these ladies but not to Toilet.&nbsp; Jan signaled for Cow to show them Toilet&#8217;s talents.&nbsp; Cow stood up and stradled Toilet&#8217;s mouth and proceeded to pee as Toilet swallowed it all.&nbsp; The other girl couldn&#8217;t help but ask�That&#8217;s amazing, can we use him?�&nbsp; This was a chance to take a piss and humiliate a man all at the same time.&nbsp; Of course Jan was more than obliging.&nbsp; As the girls stradled Toilet Jan made sure to ask their names.&nbsp; As the first one stepped back she noticed the tattoo around Toilet&#8217;s neck and down his back, �I have drank the pee of�.�&nbsp; The girl commented, � So I guess my name will wind up on his body?&nbsp; My name is Sally, they call me Sal.�
Since he was wearing a diaper the other tattoo of the names that had fucked his ass were not visible or the chance meeting may have gone on.&nbsp; The ladies thanked them for the service.&nbsp; Toilet went back to sucking Cow&#8217;s other teet.&nbsp; After sucking all that milk and drinking the pee he needed to piss, �use your diaper�, was the command.&nbsp; So right in front of his wife, Jan, and Cow he pissed his diaper.&nbsp; Fortunately they didn&#8217;t want to put up with a smelly diaper.&nbsp; Unfortunately they made Cuntlicker clean and change him right there in the park.&nbsp; Of course at that moment another couple came walking by, slowing down, knowing that the group was into some kind of kinky sex, and snickering as the saw Toilet, legs spread, hairless pubic, rings and charms showing from his penis, balls, and asshole , his butt plug clearly evident, as Cuntlicker cleaned his genitals and bottom, then applied baby powder and closed up the diaper.&nbsp; Of course the most embarrassing part, walking back to the car.

During the course of the two weeks there were several more opportunities and scenes for Jan to embarrass those two.&nbsp; A sampling were:

Her and Cow took them to an adult shop to update some toys.&nbsp; Cuntlicker dressed in bra and panties, Toilet in a diaper.&nbsp; It wasn&#8217;t packed, but there were a couple of shoppers.&nbsp; She asked the clerk where the cameras couldn&#8217;t see below the waist, and she pointed out behind one of the sales racks.&nbsp; Jan had Cow and Toilet go behind it, pull down his diaper and pull up her dress.&nbsp; Cow sucked Toilet until he was hard and then bent forward and had him fuck her.&nbsp; The whole time Cow was demanding his seed to make her pregnant.&nbsp; The shoppers were all gathered around as Toilet squirt into her cunt.&nbsp; He then had to lick it clean of course.&nbsp; Most embarrassing?&nbsp; Putting the diaper back on.
They went to a matinee, this time Cuntlicker was dressed in a cream dress, her nipple rings clearly visible.&nbsp; She was obviously pregnant.&nbsp; You could hear the bells jingle from underneath her dress,&nbsp; He was dressed in a long shirt and a pair of Cow&#8217;s panties that could not be seen when he was standing up.&nbsp; Once in the theater they spent most of the time crouched in front of Jan and Cow sucking their breasts.
They went on several hikes, dressed in shoes only.&nbsp; Once they were clear of the crowds near the parking lot, she made Toilet lick all their asses while calling him a pussy of a man.&nbsp; She took pictures for future reference.
Jan arranged a ladies sexy toy party at her home.&nbsp; Mostly so she could arrange a gang bang of Toilet&#8217;s ass and a nearly all night session for Cuntlicker to apply her talents.&nbsp; There was a lot of pee that had to be drank by Toilet.
There was a road trip they took one day, as they loaded into the car, Toilet could see the wet spots on the breast of Cow&#8217;s dress.&nbsp; They were big and wet enough that her nipples and areola showed through the dress.&nbsp; While wearing a dress she was never allowed to wear underwear or a bra except on her heaviest period days.&nbsp; Her tits were leaking and needed to be milked.&nbsp; Cow sat in the back seat, Toilet followed, laying down, his head in her lap.&nbsp; She slipped the top of her dress off her breasts and guided her teat to his mouth and he began to suckle.&nbsp; As they drove up into the forest, Cuntlicker sat next to Jan in the front seat where she diddled herself as she was told.&nbsp; They went for about 15 minutes where Jan turned off to an un-official campsite along the river.&nbsp; There was only space for one, no one was there, and it was private.&nbsp; They parked and began to set up the portable table they brought and the picnic lunch.&nbsp; While Cow was setting up the meal, Cuntlicker and Jan peed into Toilet.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cow took a minute to do the same after they were done.&nbsp; Cow had Toilet help her finish preparing lunch while Jan had Cuntlicker eat her pussy and get her off.&nbsp; Jan was quite the soaker, and she spayed and covered Cuntlicker&#8217;s face, with quite a bit dripping onto her breasts as she came hard.&nbsp; When she was done, Jan returned the favor.&nbsp; 
A couple of blankets were layed out on the pine needle covered ground.&nbsp; While the ladies ate and drank wine, Toilet suckled Cow&#8217;s other tit dry.&nbsp; Everyone was naked now, the day was warm, and everyone was warm inside.&nbsp; After lunch Jan took Cuntlicker by the hand and led her down to the river, �you two come join us as soon as those tits are empty�, she half commanded, but inferred don&#8217;t be in any hurry.&nbsp; While they were down at the river Cow started caressing Toilet&#8217;s head, �Toilet, keep sucking me, and just listen.&nbsp; I am falling in love with you and Cuntlicker.&nbsp; You two are so kind to all of us, even when treated with absolute unfairness.&nbsp; Most of all I feel a deep connection with you two.&nbsp; Jan is a wonderful provider, and a good companion, but neither of feel that deep passion for each other.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know if Jan could feel passion for anyone.&nbsp; If the day ever comes that you move on, take me with you.�&nbsp; Nothing more was said between the two, as he finished feeding from her breasts.&nbsp; They got up and headed for the river, just a few yards away.&nbsp; As they broke through the clearing, Jan was sitting on a rock facing the bank, Cuntlicker was between her legs, licking her pussy and the cum she was squirting into her mouth.&nbsp; Cow took a minute to tap the signal on Toilet, he sat on the ground before her, she straddled him and pissed into his mouth, starring at Jan as she starred back at her.&nbsp; 

After they joined together for a nice soak in the river and layed on the beach warming themselves back up, they returned to the site where the van was at.&nbsp; Jan announced, � Now I haven&#8217;t forgotten your punishment Toilet, come hear.�&nbsp; Jan took a couple of plastic fasteners she had and cuffed his hands behind his back.&nbsp; She then had him bend over a fallen log, and took a rope and tied his ankles spread and to the log.&nbsp; A few steps away were some blackberry vines, she clipped a six food vine loose, stripped about a foot of thorns off with a knife.&nbsp; She proceeded to use this six foot vine with thorns as a whip across his ass.&nbsp; It broke apart with each strike, but not before leaving bleeding cuts and punctures, and some thorns stuck in his ass.&nbsp; Yes he was yelling in pain, screaming how much it hurt, but he never asked her to stop.&nbsp; Toilet was a pain slut.&nbsp; 

When she finished blood was streaming across his ass and down his legs.&nbsp; She had even struck his balls and they were bleeding as well.&nbsp; Cuntlicker grabbed the first aid kit and found alcohol rub in it.&nbsp; She wiped the blood off, and applied the alcohol.&nbsp; While it would prevent infection and promote healing, at the moment of application it was just as wicked a punishment.&nbsp; His ass stung, and his balls burned unmercifully.&nbsp; They each had to pee again, and the blood dripped from his ass and off his butt plug that stuck out from his asshole as he squatted to drink the pee each woman had offered. On the way home his bloody ass was wrapped in a towel like a diaper, and he would lay in Cow&#8217;s lap, sucking her breasts of milk.&nbsp; 
Much of the two weeks would be spent much the same.&nbsp; Drinking pee, getting emptying enemas, fucking Cow every night and morning, Cuntlicker licking both Jan and Cow&#8217;s pussy several times a day.&nbsp; Cuntlicker had to clean up Cow&#8217;s pussy after every morning fuck.&nbsp; Before the morning fuck Cow would come into Jan&#8217;s room and kiss them both awake and have Cuntlicker clean her pussy of the night&#8217;s fuck and get her off.&nbsp; These ladies could sure cum a lot!&nbsp; The thorn whipping was just the beginning for Toilet.&nbsp; Turns out Jan has a thing against men, and if it wasn&#8217;t for the fact she wanted to get Cow knocked up on the cheap, she had no use for him.&nbsp; Every day she found some reason to beat his ass, cock, and balls.&nbsp; While not as destructive as Alana, his ass was still bleeding and his cock and balls were black and blue when they left.


On the last day, Cuntlicker was now one week overdue for her period.&nbsp; Jan had purchased a pregnancy test kit, so as Cow peed on Toilet they checked to see if she was knocked up.&nbsp; Of course she was, kid number 11 on the way.&nbsp; They had a group hug and of course Toilet got a paddling for his accomplishments.&nbsp; This one left some deep bruises, making it hard to sit for a few days.&nbsp; 

During these two weeks Jan would also took the opportunity to add rings to their genitals and body&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jan also increased the size of Toilet&#8217;s ass rings and added a lock to them.&nbsp; She added three bars on top and below his penis to add vaginal pleasure for them when they fucked him.&nbsp; His and Cuntlicker nipple rings were increased in gauge and diameter, it would be obvious to anyone they had been pierced with any clothing that shaped to the body, or was the littleist bit transparent.&nbsp; Another pair of rings was added to Cuntlicker&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; Clipped on each of the new rings the keys to the locks to Toilet&#8217;s ass and penis.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; And of course the last night they celebrated with the branding of Cuntlicker&#8217;s cunt, and Toilet&#8217;s balls.&nbsp; A �J� brand about 1� high, and �� wide.&nbsp; Cuntlicker was first place in the stirrup chair, legs, body, and arms bound tightly.&nbsp; Cow heated the brand up in the backyard charcoal broiler and brought it in.&nbsp; At the top of Cuntlicker&#8217;s cunt was Mistress&#8217; large brand of the initial of her given name.&nbsp; Her right vagina lip had Alana&#8217;s �A�.&nbsp; Now Jan brought her �J� between her legs, then pressed it into her left vagina lip.&nbsp; You could smell the burning flesh followed by the guttural scream of Cuntlicker, �AHHHH, OHHH, my cunt, oh it stings, it hurts, please help me!�&nbsp; Cow applied a cold pack after letting her suffer for about 30 seconds that seemed like 5 minutes.&nbsp; Toilet got to watch what was about to happen to him.&nbsp; While he was strapped in by Jan and the still whimpering Cuntlicker, Cow reheated the brand.&nbsp; Jan brought the brand close to his left ball sac and pressed firmly, holding it for 10 seconds.&nbsp; A wicked burn&nbsp; formed the J on his balls to go with Alana&#8217;s A and Mistresses large brand just above his penis.&nbsp; This time Cuntlicker applied the cold pack while holding one to her cunt.&nbsp; They were then taken to the car, naked and holding cold packs to the genitals to return to Mistress and Baby.

Upon their return Mistress invited Jan and Cow in for tea.&nbsp; Toilet and Cuntlicker waddled into the house still holding their ice packs to their cunt and balls.&nbsp; After giving Jan and Cow hugs Mistress asked to see their brands.&nbsp; They removed the ice packs for the first time to reveal two nasty, black brands and reddened genitals.&nbsp; Mistress admired, � Oh those will heal up nicely, now go put some salve on them after thanking and saying goodbye to Jan and Cow.&nbsp; Cuntlicker gave Jan a big hug and they tongued each other with a deep kiss.&nbsp; Cow and Cuntlicker hugged and slow kissed affectionately.&nbsp; As Toilet hugged Jan she pushed his head down to her pussy for one last pee.&nbsp; She drained her full bladder into Toilet&#8217;s mouth as he guzzled the pee without losing a drop.&nbsp; He hugged Cow and gently whispered in her ear, �We&#8217;ll come get you someday�.&nbsp; While they never talked about a long relationship she knew what he meant and couldn&#8217;t wait for that day to come.&nbsp; To make sure she didn&#8217;t let on, she too shoved Toilet down for one last pee.

V
Mistress rules. 

When we returned from Jan&#8217;s, Mistress wanted to know all about it.&nbsp; She looked over our piercings and was quite pleased by the wider more visible rings.&nbsp; She enjoyed the stories of humiliation with both fascination and envy.&nbsp; The envy that she had not thought or it first.&nbsp; So it became her mission over the next few months to not only humiliate Toilet and Cuntlicker but to do it more and better.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The first trip was to a small lesbian bar that Mistress used to haunt.&nbsp; Since it was nearing fall and&nbsp; the evening was a little cooler they were allowed to wear overcoats, nothing else.&nbsp; After arriving they took a table in the bar, Mistress asked for the owner upon and upon recognizing&nbsp; each other she gave mistress a big hug, backed up and kissed her hand.&nbsp; This let everyone know that not only was Mistress welcome and she was a respected patron.&nbsp; Mistress then told the owner that Cuntlicker was here for the using and Toilet had special talents. The bar owner escorted them to another table, out of the way yet where inquiring patrons could watch.&nbsp; Toilet was taken to the restroom where he was blindfolded and&nbsp; chained to one of the toilets for use.&nbsp; 
The owner spread the word to those customers she knew might be interested in partaking in Cuntlicker&#8217;s humiliation.&nbsp; There were about 10 couples in the establishment at the time, 6 of them used Cuntlicker.&nbsp; They came in all sizes, shapes and grooming.&nbsp; 3 of them shaved, another 3 trimmed, and the remaining 6 full bushes.&nbsp; One couple looked barely 18, and they giggled at each other as they watched the other writhe in ectasy as they came over Cuntlicker&#8217;s tongue. One was a squirter and the clear fluid back flowed out of Cuntlicker&#8217;s mouth,&nbsp; over her tits and pregnant tummy.&nbsp; One couple were both large and the ground their large pussies into her, often cutting off her air.&nbsp; They both shook violently as they came on Cuntlicker&#8217;s talented tongue.&nbsp; A couple of patrons had strings coming out of their pussies, Cunlicker was allowed to lick their outer lips and clit.&nbsp; The worst was a lady who only wore pads.&nbsp; She went last and ground her bloody cunt all over her face.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mistress did not let her cleanup between guests and at the end of the session she was covered in lady cum and blood.&nbsp; Mistress had Baby take their names so they could be tattoo on Cuntlicker at a later time.
Toilet was not faring better.&nbsp; Blindfolded and cuffed hands behind his back, attached to his ankles, he was kneeling over a floor drain, waiting to be pissed in.&nbsp; On this day the first two saddled up to his mouth and dispensed their pee.&nbsp; They tasted quite different, one sweet the other more acrid and stronger smelling.&nbsp; The third hovered over him and unleashed a huge gusher that splashed in his mouth and all over his face.&nbsp; After that only one would saddle up over his mouth.&nbsp; The rest would hover and spray, thus splashing his face and body with pee.&nbsp;&nbsp; The last one of the night was forced by her mistress to saddle up to his mouth, leaning against his pee covered torso.&nbsp; This was the one with no tampon and flowing heavy.&nbsp; As she covered his mouth a thick glob oozed into his mouth, pee washed it down.&nbsp; She wiped her cunt with his face leaving him stained in her blood.&nbsp; A guest sheet was on the wall to sign in on so their names could be added to his back since all the space below his neck was taken.&nbsp; Several counted the names that were tattoo on him.&nbsp; 26 more would be added, all the guests and staff of the establishment had used him.
On the way home they sat on towels in the back seat holding each other, still smelling of cum, pee, and menses.&nbsp; Mistress told them to make out all the way home, and task both were happy to do even with their fowl smelling mouths.&nbsp; Upon arrival at home, Mistress made them fuck on the lawn.&nbsp; As he pounded her cunt, Mistress beat his ass for not drinking all the pee, even though he had not a chance of doing it.&nbsp; After cumming in Cuntlicker&#8217;s pussy she stood and had him lick out the cum in her pussy before peeing down his throat.&nbsp; As he did his duty Baby sprayed them down with the cold water hose, but they didn&#8217;t care they just wanted the night&#8217;s juices cleaned off.&nbsp; When they were finished Baby and Mistress had Toilet perform his duties for them, which both held large quantities that he drank quite easily though.&nbsp; Then they took a proper shower, milked Baby and Mistress, and were secured together in bed for the night.&nbsp; They would not forget this night and a few more yet to come.&nbsp; It was the first night they knew Mistress had gone over the top and exposed them to danger of STDs.&nbsp; This they had not bargained for.
Life went on as usual, each day an assortment of butt plugs stuffed up Toilet&#8217;s ass.&nbsp; They were getting quite wide in diameter, and he could be fisted so easily it had lost it&#8217;s pain effect.&nbsp; Cuntlicker did most of the breastfeeding from Baby and Mistress, and her belly had swollen to nearly full term pregnancy. Of course Toilet continued to drink all their pee, day and night.&nbsp;&nbsp; As time went on Mistress took greater pleasure in exposing Toilet and Cuntlicker to more humiliating experiences.&nbsp; More and more people were being exposed to their kinky lifestyle, far beyond what they thought was safe for their reputation.&nbsp; They were also being shared more and do it more publicly.&nbsp; There was one just before Cuntlicker gave birth, in fact just 2 days before.&nbsp; Mistress took them into a small bar she used to frequent, known for attracting couples into the bdsm lifestyle.&nbsp; They came in, Cuntlicker and Toilet dressed in shirts that just covered their ass and gentitals.&nbsp; Of course they jingled as they made their way to a back table.&nbsp; Mistress asked for the propriorter and told her what she wanted to do with Toilet and Cuntlicker and did they have an appropriate place.&nbsp; The only thing she had was the use of her office, which was fairly large with a table and desk.&nbsp; 
Cuntlicker was bent over the desk, the weight of her torso laying on her flattened boobs,&nbsp; her feet on the floor, her legs spread, her pregnant belly framing the rings and bells that hung from her pussy.&nbsp; Toilet was bent over a conference table.&nbsp; He was facing Cuntlicker&#8217;s ass just four feet in front of him.&nbsp; He was naked, legs spread, ass exposed, jewelry dangling from his genitals.&nbsp; While Mistress set things up Baby was out in the dining room recruiting couples.&nbsp; 

The first couple that came in was a dominant husband and submissive wife.&nbsp; After stripping you could see the husband was average size and build, average size cock, with hairy body and genitals.&nbsp; The wife was a waif of sorts, average height, slight build, small a tits with puffy nipples and areola, medium straight blond hair.&nbsp; The husband was led by Mistress to the front of Cuntlicker&#8217;s face where she had her start sucking the guy to get him hard.&nbsp; As he was being sucked off, she got the wife started whipping Toilet with a cane over his already bruised ass.&nbsp; Her first strokes were firm but not hard.&nbsp; The husband was then led around to Cuntlicker&#8217;s ass, Mistress lubed up his cock.&nbsp; He then proceeded to start to slowly work his way into Cuntlicker&#8217;s asshole.&nbsp; She had not been ass fucked much, so it more than a little uncomfortable.&nbsp; As he began to pump her, her ass began to spread and accept the cock without as much pain.&nbsp; Cuntlicker was grunting and panting in pleasure in just a couple of minutes.&nbsp; All Toilet could see was the man&#8217;s ass and his balls bouncing off her cunt.&nbsp; Her pussy lips were visible where the rings and bells stretched them down.&nbsp; Her bells jingles as he pounded in and out of her ass.&nbsp; In the mean time the more the husband seemed to be enjoying fucking Cuntlicker&#8217;s ass the wife picked up the intensity of the strikes to his ass.&nbsp; Tears as well as groans could be seen and heard from Toilet with each landing blow.&nbsp; His ass was showing fresh red stripes, and a couple of contusions.&nbsp; About five minutes went by and husband exploded into Cuntlicker&#8217;s asshole, as he pulled out a couple of more squirts covered the outside of her asshole.&nbsp; This marked the end of the session for this couple.&nbsp; As they dressed Mistress had Cuntlicker back into Toilet&#8217;s face and lick her asshole clean.&nbsp; After licking the sticky cum on the outside his tongue entered her ass where he licked out the initial cum.&nbsp; Little is said during this session, or any of the remaining ones, just grunts, groans. Screams, and a few instructions. 
The next couple in, a woman about 50, the sugar mama to the 28 year old boyfriend.&nbsp; As they undress she exposes her massive 46 eee tits, large but firm body, big powerful thighs and really hairy pussy.&nbsp; The boyfriend of average height, slight of build, average looks at best, but when he pulled his pants off everyone in the room knew why this aging cougar picked this guy, the cock was just massive.&nbsp; Mistress decided to fit her with a strap on dildo that was slightly wider than the butt plug Toilet usually wore, and 10� of penetration.&nbsp; She then lubed up boyfriend, taking her time to make sure she got to enjoy the mammoth organ.&nbsp; She led him to Cunticker&#8217;s asshole, positioning his cock at it&#8217;s entrance.&nbsp; She instructed the woman to do the same with the dildo on Toilet&#8217;s asshole, �Now on three, give them a big thrust, 1..2..3!�&nbsp; With that they both slammed into their asses.&nbsp; They screamed in pain as their assholes convulsed on the members in their butts.&nbsp; They were given no quarter or rest, and the cocks were drawn back and thrust deeper into their assholes.&nbsp; Fortunately, Cuntlicker thought young men do not last long, and he didn&#8217;t, exploding copious amounts cum into her asshole.&nbsp; Unfortuneately, young men can recover quickly, as she found out with the woman shouting, �Do it to her again baby, fuck that asshole hard.�&nbsp; He barely softened before getting hard again and fucking her asshole one more time.&nbsp; This time it took more than five minutes before he blew his wad into again.&nbsp; This whole time she was pounding his asshole.&nbsp; He was grunting and panting, and he began to spasm, prostrate orgasm on the big dildo.&nbsp; As they got dressed Mistress turned Toilet over and his head hung off the edge of the table.&nbsp; This was so Cuntlicker could squat her asshole over his mouth to drain out the large amount of cum deposited in her asshole.&nbsp; Toilet could not see their faces, but Cuntlicker had to look at their smirks as she worked her asshole over his tongue as he licked and slurped up the spunk.
Couple three, big folk.&nbsp; He was 6&#8217;, 250 lbs with big shoulders and chest, thighs, and a good size belly.&nbsp; But his dick was small.&nbsp; She was almost as tall, definitely BBW but proportioned.&nbsp; As she stripped she exposed impressive 42 D tits with dark aroela, powerful thighs, and arms.&nbsp; She was shaven of all but the hair on her head.&nbsp; Yep, these two were competitive weight lifters.&nbsp; As Cuntlicker was sucking his tiny cock, the wife started to warm up Toilet&#8217;s ass with a paddle.&nbsp; After getting hard the husband moved around to Cuntlicker&#8217;s asshole.&nbsp; After the last massive cock attack this pea shooter was a welcome change.&nbsp; The husband didn&#8217;t pump in cock in and out, he just lifted Cuntlicker up and down by the hips, moving her asshole up and down on his cock.&nbsp; She was jingling like crazy from the violence of the lift and fuck.&nbsp; The wife was pounding Toilet&#8217;s ass, driving through with powerful blows, leaving white welts on his ass, that would be deep purple tomorrow.&nbsp; As he was nearing climax she dropped the paddle and began using his ass as a boxing bag, striking it with upper cuts deep into his ass cheeks.&nbsp; One she �missed� and stuck his balls.&nbsp; It hurt so much he was about ready to puke.&nbsp; The husband exploded his tiny dick wad into Cuntlicker ass, most of it staying in her asshole but near the entty.&nbsp; They too staid and watched as Cuntlicker backed into toilet to get her asshole cleaned.

The last couple were pretty normal folk in their forties.&nbsp; He was average height and looks, a bigger than average cock and large balls, pubic area shaved.&nbsp; She was a couple of inches shorter than him, 34C cup breasts with big nipples that were leaking milk.&nbsp; They both had as many breast and genital rings as Cuntlicker and Toilet.&nbsp; Mistress asked her what would she rather do to Toilet, whip or fuck his ass, she said, �Neither, I am going to fuck up those balls.�&nbsp; This had Mistress&#8217; total approval.&nbsp; As the husband pushed his cock in with all it&#8217;s rings and barbells into Cuntlicker&#8217;s ass, the wife began squeezing and pulling Toilet&#8217;s balls.&nbsp; As the husband pounded the more Cuntlicker began to respond to the pleasure of the metals sliding in and out of her ass.&nbsp; She was grinding against him as much as he was pounding her.&nbsp; Mistress picked up on it, �Beg for it Cunt, beg for his cum in your asshole.�&nbsp; With that Cuntliker began to scream, � Oh please fuck my hard, yes fuck it, fuck it, please fuck it!&nbsp; Oh please keep pounding.&nbsp; Oh god damn I&#8217;m going to cum, please keep pounding it hard, I&#8217;ve never had an ass orgasm.&nbsp; Please give it to me.�
With that she orgasm, squirting pussy juice from her cunt all over his balls and thighs.&nbsp; He exploded into her asshole at the same time.&nbsp; Toilet could not notice that those two were deep into orgasmic bliss.&nbsp; His balls were being pulled and squeezed harder that they ever have before.&nbsp; No kick in the balls had been this bad.&nbsp; He was bleeding tears from his eyes, gagging to keep from puking, and just as those two hit orgasm, the wife squeezed her hardest and ripped away, leaving him bouncing in pain on the table.&nbsp; Of course as they dressed Toilet could be seen licking out one well fucked ass.
While the sex was enjoyable, the danger was not.&nbsp; Cuntlicker had cum deposited in her from total strangers, she didn&#8217;t know what diseases they may be carrying.&nbsp; And Toilet had to eat the stuff.&nbsp; Plus Toilet&#8217;s balls would be so sore no one could touch them for two weeks.&nbsp; And Cuntlicker had been fucked by someone other than her husband.&nbsp; While enjoyable, one of the contract agreements were that they would have to asked before participating in sex with someone else.&nbsp; The contract had now been broken.&nbsp; 
Another frequent transgression from their contract often played out like this;
Cuntlicker would have the baby at a Midwife&#8217;s home two days later.&nbsp; She had little separation anxiety but did have a small bout of post partum blues a couple of weeks later.&nbsp; Even though she was bleeding profusely, toilet still had to do his toilet duties for her.&nbsp; His little secret, he really liked it.&nbsp; He always liked it when one of the ladies were bleeding during their time of the month.&nbsp; And six weeks after the birth Mistress turned the humiliation up.&nbsp; Mistress breastfed Baby, Cuntlicker fed from Baby, and now Toilet breastfed from Cuntlicker.&nbsp; Every two hours, her boobs were getting huge.&nbsp; With all the pee and milk he was drinking, he would have to pee often.&nbsp; Mistress decided he would have to wear a diaper when they went out so they wouldn&#8217;t have to find a rest room for him.&nbsp; So now instead of him worrying that is long shirt he wore out would expose his genitals, the bottom of the large thick diaper was exposed.&nbsp; While not illegal it was embarrassing. It looked like adult baby age play, which Toilet thought was really creepy, but Mistress kept telling him it was for convenience and his humiliation.&nbsp; Most of the time he was breastfed and diapered changed in the car.&nbsp; Sometimes they may be in a park, or a mall, they would have to find a secluded bench when Cuntlicker started to leak.&nbsp; Her big tits hung low and slightly to the side, she was not allowed to wear a bra.&nbsp; You could clearly see the outlines of the large nipple rings.&nbsp; They became visible when she started to leak.&nbsp; They would find the nearest bench and Toilet would lay across her lap.&nbsp; She would pull her dress off her shoulder, exposing her breast.&nbsp; She would then guide the nipple ring and nipple into Toilet&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; He would have to take in quite a bit of tit to get around the ring and be able to suckle the milk from her breast.&nbsp; It would take 15 minutes on each tit.&nbsp; While secluded there would be passers by, they wouldn&#8217;t say anything but you could see the creeped out looks on their faces&nbsp; of seeing a grown large man, dressed in t-shirt and exposed diaper, sucking from a woman&#8217;s breast.&nbsp; Most of the time he was breastfeeding he would have to wet the diaper because of the milk and all the pee he was drinking.&nbsp; If it was private enough mistress would let Cuntlicker change his diaper, if not he would have to walk around with a heavy soggy diaper.&nbsp;&nbsp; If or when it was private enough she would allow his diaper to be changed but this was just as humiliating since he would be on his back, his legs spread wide, jewelry and butt plug evident.&nbsp; Rarely was this scene by anyone outside the lovers, but a couple of times it was, and it was one of the most humiliating experiences.&nbsp; 
Over the next few years there would be many exciting and dangerous scenes presented to Toilet and Cuntlicker.&nbsp; Jan and Mistress kept uping the �ante� of humiliation.&nbsp; Every year Cuntlicker would be impregnated so a child was coming every 12 months through the 4th one.&nbsp; The �club� continued to meet monthly, and the scenes were getting longer and more intense.&nbsp; Toilet&#8217;s ass and thighs were always in some degree of healing of bruises , contusions, and cuts from the frequent beatings.&nbsp; He was also doing almost all of the breast feeding since he was only allowed one small meal per day, the rest of his nourishment came from their breasts.&nbsp; You would expect his asshole to be almost useless with almost always present 3� butt plug up his ass.&nbsp; It was more elastic but it was really stronger as it had years of holding those plugs in his ass and strengthing the sphincter.&nbsp;&nbsp; The daily enemas were still part of the routine, no telling how many gallons of pee he drinks monthly.&nbsp; He is now totally hooked on pee and breast milk, he cannot imagine living without them.&nbsp; The rings in his nipples and genitals were still much the same from the first year, theirs only so much stretching you want to do without making them useless.&nbsp; The tattooed names of the people that had used his services now went half way down his back
Cuntlicker, Baby, and Mistress all had ginormous tits with the constant breast feeding and pregnancies.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cuntlicker still jingled while she walked.&nbsp; Like Toilet, the piercings weren&#8217;t any bigger, but the bells were that hung from them.&nbsp; It was quite humiliating to manage their sound as well as walking as they hung between her legs.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Besides being the house cunt, she had become the house cow.&nbsp; Her breast were always swollen and hanging with milk, her belly usually in some distension of pregnancy, and the bells clanged as she walked.&nbsp; She licked lots of pussy, not only the Mistress and Baby two or three times per day, but Mistress would take her when she was going out to meet her lesbian friends, or which Cuntlicker&#8217;s services were always offered and rarely refused.&nbsp; 
After five years their rules were the following:&nbsp; 
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toilet will drink all pee from pussies when offered.&nbsp; Spilling will result in punishment.
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daily enemas of Mistress, Baby and Cuntlicker will be syringed into Toilet where he will relieve himself outside in the garden.&nbsp; Cuntlicker will spray him clean
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toilet will have a butt plug of Mistress&#8217; choosing inserted in his ass at all times unless it is in use. 
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toilet and Cuntlicker will breast feed whenever a tit is offered.&nbsp; 
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cuntlicker will lick a pussy to orgasm whenever it is offered.
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toilet will spend 6 to 8 hours per day working our investments, except when called for his duties.
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cuntlicker and Toilet&nbsp; will fuck in front of Baby and Mistress daily and additional upon demand.&nbsp; This means that Cuntlicker will suck him to hardness before insertion into the hole of his choosing,&nbsp; pussy or asshole. 
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When going out in public, Cuntlicker will wear a short, low cut dress, no underwear so there is easy access to cunt, ass, and breasts.&nbsp; Toilet will wear a long shirt and diaper for maximum humiliation.
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cuntlicker and Toilet will make themselves available for all punishments and other acts as demanded by Mistress or member of the club.
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Heads will always be shaved, of course all other body hair has been permanently removed
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;90% of the&nbsp; money made by Toilet would be deposited in Mistress&#8217; account for her control.
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cuntlicker will have babies for adoption, all fees collected from adopting parents will be given to the club.
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Should you desire to leave, it must be with permission of Mistress or risk all video and pictures taken to be distributed on the internet.
There were some hard rules that were required by Toilet and Cuntlicker if they were to stay.&nbsp; Not only were needed for their safety but it made this more of a contract between the parties, verses pure slavery.&nbsp; Their rules were:
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No acts that would cause permanent health harm.
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No risk of STDs
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No beastiality without agreement and definitely no children, ever
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nothing that will get us arrested
� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nothing shall appear on the internet

They had no problem with the rules and actually were greatly turned on by them&nbsp;&nbsp; It was the administering of them that became a problem.&nbsp; Especially when it came to dangerous exposure to health problems.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Pregnancies:
Cuntlicker (now just C, and T for Toilet), has had four pregnancies so far.&nbsp; They have all been conceived in different fashions.&nbsp; One thing is for sure, C is one fertile bitch.&nbsp; After having the first baby, C was adorned with her rings and bells hanging from them, from her nipples. clit, and vagina.&nbsp; She tingled where ever she went and at no time were you not aware of her presence.&nbsp;&nbsp; At first there were times it was annoying beyond belief to her.&nbsp; Now it was just a part of who she was.&nbsp;&nbsp; A woman who jingled where ever she went and sucked a lot of pussy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her breasts were heavy with milk, now a full 38 eee, and they were beginning to hang like mama tits.&nbsp; Toilet. T. suckled her every two hours to ensure large milk production.&nbsp; 
The morning after she had her baby Mistress was cutting her no quarter.&nbsp; She awoke her and led her to the back shower/toilet where the enemas were administered.&nbsp; C was wearing a diaper to catch the blood leaking profusely from her cunt.&nbsp; She needed to pee, so she spread her legs and tapped her pussy, the signal to T to assume his position as pee toilet.&nbsp; She felt sorry for him as blood leaked from her cunt into his mouth as the pee began to fill his mouth cavity.&nbsp; As always the trouper, he swallowed easily.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Enemas were administered and even though she was tired and wanted to go back to bed, she stirred the slurry, stuffed the butt plug nozzle into T and watched his tummy bloat up with the matter from Mistress, Baby, and herself.&nbsp; C went out&nbsp; to empty himself,&nbsp; but usually C was given the task of hosing him off, this time Mistress did give her&nbsp; a rest and had Baby do it.&nbsp; Baby was in mischevious mood though, and put the water on very cold and very hard.&nbsp; T bent over and had his anus pulverized by the spray, it stung.&nbsp; She then turned the nozzle to a find spray, commanded T to get on all fours and proceeded to jam the nozzle up his ass.&nbsp; Mistress and C watched from the deck as his belly began to bloat&nbsp; up.&nbsp; Baby left in there, even after his ass couldn&#8217;t hold it any longer, his anus opened wide and gushed water back out onto the lawn as more was filling from the hose.&nbsp; This went on relentlessly for 15 minutes that seemed like hours.&nbsp; T was bloated up, his belly stretched, his anus opening wide exploding gushes of water, only to have his belly fill up.&nbsp; Afterwards it would take him 30 minutes squatting in the garden to drain all the water from his bowels.&nbsp; Mistress applauded,&nbsp; �Well done Baby, I want you to repeat this weekly with him.�&nbsp; Baby would be more than obliged.
Mistress had further commanded C to make sure T came daily, in keeping with her belief you either use it or lose it.&nbsp; �We do need to give that pussy and uterus of yours time to heal, so you will have your ass fucked daily starting right now here on the deck.&nbsp; Right there in front of Baby and Mistress, she sucked him to hard, then pulled her diaper down and assumed doggy style on the deck.&nbsp; With only the lube of her saliva, his leaking penus, and some blood that had pooled around her asshole he inserted himself into her ass and fucked it deep.&nbsp; Her bells jingled as she humped his cock with her ass.&nbsp; Blood from her pussy dribbled down the inside of her thighs to the deck.&nbsp;&nbsp; As he humped her he looked to Mistress for the signal to cum.&nbsp; The pounding went on for 15 minutes before Mistress let him explode his spunk into her ass.&nbsp;&nbsp; C stood up so he could lick the blood from her thighs, up to her asshole waiting to be licked and sucked of cum.&nbsp; This scene would repeat itself in various places for a week until she stopped bleeding, but of course he would lick her asshole clean every time he came in for the next two months.
After a couple of months Mistress noticed Cuntlicker was spotting.&nbsp; Not enough to call it a period but a signal that the reproductive system was coming alive.&nbsp; 
Since Baby&#8217;s body needed some extra recovery time from her last pregnancy, it was decided by Mistress and go ahead and get Cuntlicker impregnated, even if it was only months since she had the baby.&nbsp; After all Mistress had a client waiting.&nbsp; Mistress could have her invetro fertilized with the husband&#8217;s sperm and mother&#8217;s egg, but all invetro efforts had failed, and they were running out of money to try again.&nbsp; So Mistress gathered the club of ladies for witnessing C&#8217;s impregnation.&nbsp; It was a little iffy, in that it may be too soon if her cycle had started yet.&nbsp; 

It was about a half hour before everyone was due to arrive, Alana and Minto, and Jan and Cow.&nbsp; Mistress called C and T into the entry of house.&nbsp; She removed Toilet&#8217;s PA piercing.&nbsp; She ordered T to lay on his back, and for C to suck him off.&nbsp; When he was hard, very hard she told C to straddle and insert his cock into her big wet cunt.&nbsp; This was the first time in nearly 3 months since she had T&#8217;s cock in her pussy and she had a minor orgasm, barely holding back a grand mall orgasm from the sheer pleasure.&nbsp; She was sitting upright, his cock deep into her, her large tits dripping milk.&nbsp; Baby kneeled down and found the four rings pierced into T&#8217;s balls, she then proceeded to lock those rings with four of Cuntlicker&#8217;s labia rings.&nbsp; The bells still hung from the rings between them.&nbsp; Mistress announced, �You two will remained locked throughout the rest of the weekend.&nbsp; I expect this will keep Toilet horny and frequently will get hard and find his cock into your cunt.&nbsp;&nbsp; When he enters you I expect you to fuck each other until he creams that cunt of yours. With good luck you will be knocked up again.�&nbsp; Cuntlicker was actually quite pleased, she enjoyed being pregnant and was looking forward to it again.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She did have a couple of questions, �What do we do when we need to go pee?&nbsp; What about meals, and Toilet&#8217;s duties, and breast feeding?�&nbsp; Mistress was unsympathetic to the questions, she grabbed C&#8217;s tit and squeezed hard, it spayed milk out 8 feet, �You will figure it out, you can do anything you need while being locked together.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll just have to make room for us to piss in his mouth while you watch, and you&#8217;ll just have to piss on him.&nbsp; You two can shuffle around, attached face to face, or he can pick you up and support you but while you straddle and ride his hips.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll figure it out.&nbsp; Now keep humping him, but don&#8217;t let him cum until our guests arrive�.

The guests actually came together entering the front door, greeted by Mistress and Baby.&nbsp; They were hugging and welcoming each other, taking their coats off, exposing their nude bodies, all the time ignoring T and C humping each other on the floor.&nbsp; Finally they gathered around T and C and watched them hump each other while Mistress explained the weekend&#8217;s routine, �It&#8217;s time for C to get knocked up again, so they will spend the weekend locked in breeding bliss.&nbsp; I want all of us to enjoy each other&#8217;s company, share our news and bodies with each other, and feel free to use Toilet and Cuntlicker for the services they normally provide�.&nbsp; With that Mistress squatted over T&#8217;s face, facing C and balancing herself by holding onto C&#8217;s shoulders.&nbsp; Her cunt covered his mouth and she began pissing into his mouth, and he swallowed it, as he usually does.&nbsp; Baby followed Mistress, and all four of the ladies had to go.&nbsp; T&#8217;s tummy was hard and full of piss when Cow was the last to leave her deposit.&nbsp; Everyone was then summoned to family room, C and T were told to come along.&nbsp; It took some effort and communication but T was able to get to a standing position, with C&#8217;s arms hugging his neck, and her legs wrapped around his hips, and his cock still buried in her.&nbsp; When they got to the family room they were told to fuck.&nbsp; T laid C down onto her butt, she laid down onto her back, pulling T on top of her.&nbsp; He began to hump her.&nbsp; Mistress interrupted and told them&nbsp; to move with C on top, she wanted to see her bouncing tits.&nbsp; They rolled over and&nbsp; C sat up, there was some tugging to her labia but there was plenty of give,&nbsp; so no real pain.&nbsp;&nbsp; It had been over 3 hours since she had last been milked and her nipples were dripping profusely as she humped T.&nbsp; She was nearing orgasm, so looked over at Mistress her shook her head yes, and as her orgasm&nbsp; exploded, her nipples sprayed milk without any assistance and Toilet&#8217;s sperm gushed into her cunt.&nbsp; She continued to hump him while he remained in her for another 10 minutes.&nbsp; He raised to his elbows and began to suckle her dripping breasts.&nbsp; As his cock plopped out of her, the excess seed seeped onto his genitals.&nbsp; They laid there together while T milked her teets dry.&nbsp; She could not know for sure if she was pregnant but it had the same feel and intensity as the first time T had knocked her up.
As the weekend wore on they fucked at least a half dozen times.&nbsp; If she was ovulating there was no doubt she would be pregnant once again, and have another baby within the same year.&nbsp; While they all enjoyed each other&#8217;s company, the group also had fun watching C and T struggle through even the simplest of routine activities.&nbsp; 
After they finished fucking the first time, they needed to take a piss.&nbsp; Since they were attached a toilet wouldn&#8217;t work, so off they went to the shower.&nbsp; Baby and Cow followed to watch..&nbsp; T held C as she wrapped her arms around his shoulders and her legs around his waist.&nbsp; While they could stand facing each other, that tended to stretch each other&#8217;s genitals uncomfortably&nbsp; in that position.&nbsp; They were aware they were being watched, but they were used to that.&nbsp; As T held C, her back braced against the tile, she began to spray his genitals with her&nbsp; pee.&nbsp;&nbsp; The gentle spray felt warm as it covered his cock and ball, running down his legs to the shower floor.&nbsp; It made him lose control and his penis sprays her cunt lips before tracking past her butt hole before cascading to the floor.&nbsp; When they were done, they asked Baby if she could spray them off, but she refused.&nbsp; They had to air dry before everyone else.
They had to suckle the milk of the lactating slaves and mistresses every 2 hours.&nbsp; With Baby, Cow, Jan, Mistress, and Cuntlicker all lactating, it took 50 minutes of every two hours just breast feeding by the both of them.&nbsp; Then they would have to start again.&nbsp; Toilet would lay on his back, Cuntlicker sat on top of his genitals like they were when the fucked.&nbsp;&nbsp; One of the breast feeding women would be on all fours, over Toilet, a teet in his mouth.&nbsp; He would be sucking away, while another sat on the back of the one breastfeeding T, facing C.&nbsp; C would bend over and suckle their breast.&nbsp;&nbsp; This was one of the most pleasant part of the weekend.&nbsp; Of course T and C were used to everyone that lived in their house.&nbsp; Cow was especially a joy.&nbsp; In a group of women all with huge breasts, hers were the biggest, 44hh, and they were full of milk.&nbsp; So between breast feeding,fucking, and bathroom breaks there wasn&#8217;t much time for anything else the whole weekend for T and C, but they enjoyed it, and they greatly enjoyed serving and connecting with the club.&nbsp; They had become a part of them.
The bathroom breaks were also a bit challenging.&nbsp; Toilet would lay on the large shower floor, while each would enter and cover his mouth with their pussy.&nbsp; They would make out with Cuntlicker as they pissed in his mouth.&nbsp; Then they would straddle Cuntlicker&#8217;s face and have her finish the cleanup and get them off.&nbsp; The talents of her tongue were unequaled.&nbsp; They did not have enemas administered this weekend.&nbsp; While doable, it would be messy and someone would have to help them clean up, something no one particularly wanted to do.

At the next club meeting they all gathered in the barn and watched Cuntlicker administer her home pregnancy test.&nbsp; Of course it came up two pink lines, she was preggers once again.&nbsp; That was followed by stringing up Toilet to the rafters and administered corporal punishment for the deed.&nbsp; This of course was led by Alana.&nbsp; After each member, including C, had whipped him 50 lashes over his butt, legs, breasts, torso, back and genitals, Alana was the closing striker.&nbsp; The weapon of choice, a tack paddle, that was struck 50 more times on his butt, thighs and balls.&nbsp; He was oozing blood, streaming down the back of legs.&nbsp; While it looked bad, the punctures were not deep and he would heal in a few days, but those first 3 days afterward were difficult to sit down.&nbsp; So C would have another surrogate child, but she enjoyed all aspects of this.&nbsp; She found she liked being pregnant but really had no desire to have children of her own.&nbsp; This worked out great for her.
The pregnancy and birth were uneventful.&nbsp; After the birth and adoption of the second child they waited only about three months before they were asked to have another by the couple who had their first.&nbsp; On top of that the club building was needing some expansion.&nbsp; They would be adding six bedrooms off the main central great room.&nbsp; This would take some more cash.&nbsp; Mistress went to work seeking more couples who wanted to adopt.&nbsp; She had up to 6 couples who wanted to adopt.&nbsp; So at a club meeting Mistress thought it would be fun to see how many could get pregnant in one weekend.&nbsp; As virile as Toilet was, this would be a tall order to cum in seven women in one weekend, and be potent enough to get them knocked up.&nbsp; He would have fun trying!
About four months earlier there had also been some alterations to Toilet&#8217;s cock by Jan on a couple of their recent visits to Jan and Cow&#8217;s house.&nbsp;&nbsp; Barbell studs had been pierced into the sides, four each side, top and bottom, three each, to make his cock a virtual studded dildo.&nbsp; Cuntlicker was loving this, her orgasms were even deeper and more intense, and now the rest of the ladies were going to find out was a real, warm, but modified cock could do for them.
When women hang together for any length of time their cycles seem to align.&nbsp; As many years as they have been together, this was true of this group.&nbsp; Mistress was able to align a window of days where they were all most likely ovulating.
This one would start on Friday, with the first fucking at Noon, and they would go on schedule about every eight hours through Sunday afternoon.&nbsp; Eight hours turned out to be a good distance apart, T&#8217;s recovery was not an issue.&nbsp; He was hard as a rock each time, with the assistance of Cuntlicker&#8217;s mouth&nbsp; as she was equally talented at blow jobs.&nbsp; 
First up was Minto.&nbsp; She was strapped over a bench in the barn.&nbsp; She had some trepidation.&nbsp; She had one child four years ago,&nbsp; and it was a hard pregnancy.&nbsp; Plus she really had a cock anxiety, she did not like to be fucked by a cock, she liked women and their mouths thank you.&nbsp; Toilet&#8217;s PA was out for the weekend so the most semen could saturate the pussies.&nbsp; He rubbed his cock gently over her pussy and clit for several minutes.&nbsp; She lubed up but was not soaking.&nbsp; Toilet slowly rubbed her back, whispering how brave she was to go forth, to be the woman she was meant for.&nbsp; He slowly entered her, until he was about 3 inches in, and then he thrust deep.&nbsp; It caught her by surprise but did not hurt.&nbsp; She suddenly wanted more and began humping him.&nbsp; He was barely moving as she fucked him rapidly and deep.&nbsp; Then she did something she had never done, she gushed girl cum all over their genitals and down their legs.&nbsp; She came and he creamed her fertile pussy heavily.&nbsp; She collapsed with a rye smile.&nbsp; She knew she was pregnant.&nbsp; She steadily got up, and would not acknowledge that for the first time in her life, she actually enjoyed fucking a cock.
Alana went next.&nbsp; She had never had a child before and really wasn&#8217;t interested.&nbsp; She went along in support of Minto and the group.&nbsp; Her appointment was 8:00 pm Friday night.&nbsp; By then the wine had flowed freely and she was particularly high, and she was not a nice drunk.&nbsp; She proceeded to hang Toilet from the rafters of the barn and began whipping his ass and thighs, hard with a whip.&nbsp; She taunted him about how lucky he would be to fuck a black goddess like herself.&nbsp; Once the whipping was done, she began to massage his balls.&nbsp; This was actually one of his best turn ons.&nbsp; He was getting hard, between screams when she would pull, cursh, and twist.&nbsp; She lowered him to where his feet could firmly support him.&nbsp; He was still hanging from the rafters, his wrist secured with cuffs, and rope cinched them to the beam.&nbsp; She backed her naked body, with ripped muscles, large firm ass into him.&nbsp; She bent over, her large tits hung down,&nbsp; hands on her knees as she ground her cunt onto his hardened cock.&nbsp; With just her cunt she sucked his penis into her vagina and proceeded to grind, push, and pull until he could no longer hold it, coming deep into her.&nbsp; She immedialtely called over Cuntlicker and had her lick her cummy pussy and get her off, as no male can do it for her.
The next morning it was Jan&#8217;s turn for the breakfast fuck.&nbsp; As everyone ate breakfast she bent over the chair and had T deposit cum in her cunt.&nbsp; No fuss, no drama, just fuck it fast and cum in the pussy.&nbsp; Of course she had C get behind her where T had been and licked her pussy clean while getting off with C&#8217;s magnificent tongue.&nbsp; It was breakfast and a fuck, and everyone got to watch.
The afternoon session was for Cow.&nbsp; This would be her 11th baby.&nbsp; Fertile she was, and she loved being fucked by cock.&nbsp; She loved being fucked by T, but could not share that publicly.&nbsp; They chose to have them fuck in the back yard, under full sun.&nbsp;&nbsp; C was ordered to lay on her back in the lawn.&nbsp; Cow straddled over her face, fell to her knees and began licking C&#8217;s cunt.&nbsp; C was grinding into Cow&#8217;s face when T was led behind Cow, he dropped to his knees, and C could see his hard cock swooping upward as it entered Cow.&nbsp; She watched him enter her cunt and he pounded Cow&#8217;s cunt hard, fast and deep.&nbsp; The new studs on his cock were sliding in and out, glistening with Cow&#8217;s cunt cream.&nbsp; For over 15 minutes C watched that cock slide&nbsp; in and out of Cow&#8217;s cunt.&nbsp; His balls would bounce off her mouth, nose and forehead.&nbsp; Cow&#8217;s cunt juice would leak and splatter on her face, neck, and over her shaved head.&nbsp; Cow was still licking her cunt and sucking on her clit.&nbsp; Cow began fucking his cock as hard as he was fucking his cunt.&nbsp; She was grunting hard and you could tell she was about to enter the throws of orgasm.&nbsp; But the feel of Cow sliding her belly and tits over C&#8217;s body, the sight of his cock pounding her pussy, and the taste and smell of Cow&#8217;s cunt cream sent C crashing into orgasm first, squirting her cunt juice into Cow&#8217;s mouth, followed only fractions of a second by Cow&#8217;s orgasm screams, and then the blast of sperm and semen into Cow.&nbsp; T kept pumping Cow&#8217;s cunt softly, like he was packing the sperm deep into her cervix, until his cock softend and plopped out onto C&#8217;s face.&nbsp; She began to lick it&#8217;s combined Cow and C juices and was able to suck into her mouth and complete the licking.&nbsp; As T pulled away, sperm was leaking from Cow&#8217;s pussy, she sat back onto T&#8217;s face and T licked the excess sperm from her outer and inner lips.&nbsp; Cow began to rock from the pleasure and C moved her tongue to her clit.&nbsp; The rocking became humping and grinding.&nbsp; Cuntlicker&#8217;s skill was just too great, Cow exploded more cunt juice into C&#8217;s mouth, screaming uncontrollably as she came even harder and deeper.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
This love making session was so honest, so compelling that if the three would have looked around them they would have seen all the other women sitting or standing with their fingers rubbing&nbsp; their clits and pussies, most cumming as Cow orgasmed&nbsp; while fucking&nbsp; C&#8217;s face.&nbsp; These were not just orgasm&#8217;s of lust, Cow was developing a secret love of C and T, and the resulting love scene made it real.&nbsp; 
The evening session was for Baby.&nbsp; Baby had not had a child for a couple of years now, her body needed some recovery time from the last few.&nbsp; She tits were full though, as Cuntlicker and Mistress kept them milked every two hours.&nbsp; They were now overdue for milking and she was leaking as mistress brought her forth in the family room.&nbsp;&nbsp; She was also very fertile, while not having a child for a while had also made her body ready for the task at hand.&nbsp; Just like the afternoon session Mistress had Cuntlicker lie down on the floor and Baby lay on top.&nbsp; Her pussy and ass were pushed up, above her face, her tits lay on each side of C&#8217;s tummy.&nbsp; She pulled C&#8217;s legs wide apart and brought her pussy up to her mouth so she could lick the taller C&#8217;s cunt and clit.&nbsp; As she licked T entered her slightly moistened pussy.&nbsp; As her began to gently slide his studded cock in and out of Baby, you could hear her muffle, �Oh yeah Jan, that is a worthy mod on cock�.&nbsp; She too began to grind back and forth on the cock.&nbsp; C could only watch her husband&#8217;s cock fuck yet another woman, a slight tear fell from the corner of her eye.&nbsp; While she enjoyed fucking&nbsp; the women, she wished she was the only one fucking his cock.&nbsp; Baby&#8217;s tits were leaking steadily as her orgasm built up, only noticeable by the intensity in which she was burying her tongue and face onto C&#8217;s cunt.&nbsp; C&#8217;s cunt was opening wider.&nbsp; Instead of squirting, she was flowing cunt juice, saturating Baby&#8217;s face, soaking the floor below her.&nbsp; Baby&#8217;s and C&#8217;s tits pumped milk down the sides of C pooling on the floor.&nbsp; Once again it was C&#8217;s orgasm that started the chain reaction, followed by Baby&#8217;s cunt contracting T&#8217;s cock in orgasm, followed by his sperm saturating the inside of her cunt.&nbsp; Baby and T&#8217;s&nbsp; genitals remained locked together for several more minutes, juice dripping onto C&#8217;s face.&nbsp; After T softend and plopped out, C licked the cock and pussy clean.&nbsp; As they got up, T had one more chore, to lick up all the milk and cunt juice that was pooled on the floor.&nbsp; Face down, butt plug stuffed ass in air he licked up this unusual cocktail as the others watched and humiliated him.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Sunday morning meant it was Mistress&#8217; turn.&nbsp; She chose to have everyone in her bedroom.&nbsp; She laid naked in the middle of her king size bed then beckoned Baby to lay next to her to suckle from one teat, and Cuntlicker on the other side doing the same.&nbsp; The others gathered around her bed as T climbed between her legs, he started to gently rub the tip of his cock against her pussy.&nbsp; He began pumping her rhythmically,&nbsp; pounding harder and deeper with each trust.&nbsp; She closed her eyes taking it all in.&nbsp; Two women she loved sucking her tits, as they played with their cunts and clits.&nbsp; A cock modified just for her pleasure sliding in and out of what is one of the most sensual pussies anyone has ever had the pleasure.&nbsp; Just ask anyone who has just had the pleasure.&nbsp; After five minutes or so, she began responding, humping the cock as it thrust her.&nbsp; She taunted him, �you better enjoy fucking this pussy now because it&#8217;s the only time you&#8217;ll ever get to�.&nbsp; He hardened and entered her as she went on, �doesn&#8217;t it feel wonderful?&nbsp; Isn&#8217;t this the best pussy you&#8217;ve ever fucked?�.&nbsp; This presented quite the dilemma for T, if he did not heap praise about Mistress&#8217; pussy he would be beaten unmercifully.&nbsp; If he heaped the praise, then he would be hurting his wonderful wife, who was sucking her teat at this time.&nbsp; As he breathed heavily he chose the praise of Mistress&#8217; pussy in hopes that C would understand his dilemma, �Mistress, this is the most fantastic pussy I have ever entered.&nbsp; It caresses my cock so sensually I will not last long, oh my, it&#8217;s so awesome, awesome!!�.&nbsp; He was not lying either, as much as he loved his wife and her fine large pussy, Mistress&#8217; pussy was just that sensual.&nbsp; It caressed his cock in warm moist cunt juices, yet gripped it firmly, as it sucked his cock deep into her womb.&nbsp; She too was locked into the throws of deep satisfaction.&nbsp; She looked over to Jan, �I do love what you did with this cock, those studs are magnificent.&nbsp; They are making me tingle, they are making me�ugh�oh�.my�cumming..cummming, oh my I&#8217;m cummming!�. As she screamed T ejected his baby makers deep into her cervix.&nbsp; Baby and C were sucking harder and faster, getting gulps of milk, all the while they were rubbing their pussies and started to orgasm from being turned on by Mistress&#8217; enormous orgasm.&nbsp;&nbsp; As the orgasm subsided Mistress cocked her leg and planted squarely in T&#8217;s chest and pushed him away.&nbsp; Without saying a word she guided Cuntlicker&#8217;s head forcefully to her pussy, �Now clean it up, and make me cum again�.&nbsp; With that Cuntlicker gladly ate the mixture of cum and cunt juice before focusing her attentions in Mistress&#8217; large clit, to bring her off yet another time.&nbsp; 
Early afternoon was the final coupling, T and C.&nbsp; And they would have to do it just like dogs in yard, in front of everyone as they had gathered to leave.&nbsp; T dropped to the ground, ass in the air.&nbsp; C got right behind her, thrust his cock right in her and began humping the bitch.&nbsp; But this would go on for over half an hour.&nbsp; T&#8217;s cock and balls were worn from all the fucking this weekend and it was taking time to respond.&nbsp; In the mean time, the others got in their cars, said their good byes and drove off, leaving them fucking on the front lawn.&nbsp; Mistress and Baby even went in the house as they finished their fucking.&nbsp; 
C was hot after watching all the fucking this weekend, �Come on baby, fuck that pussy.&nbsp; Knock me up again, you can do it.�&nbsp; T pounded and pounded, his cock semi hard, hard enough to fuck anyway.&nbsp; Not hard enough it was coming.&nbsp; C was cumming, hard and loud, over and over again.&nbsp; On about the fourth orgasm T&#8217;s cock hardened up.&nbsp; He began pumping deeper, she began having one long orgasm, and he exploded cum on his seventh cervix of the weekend.
They collapsed, holding each other on the lawn and C thought she would have some fun with T, �So you thought her pussy was better than mine did you?�&nbsp; She knew he just had to lie, or risk hurting C.&nbsp; He stammered, �Well, I, I, well I just was trying to save myself from certain destruction if I didn&#8217;t agree with her.&nbsp; I love you and your pussy with all my heart.&nbsp; I was just hoping you would understand what would happen if I didn&#8217;t agree with her.�&nbsp; This was not really a lie, he did love C with all his heart, and they both knew what would happen if he didn&#8217;t agree with Mistress.&nbsp; The part he left out was that yes, Mistress&#8217; pussy was the best cunt he had ever had.&nbsp; Cuntlicker had a long pause before going on, �Oh thank you honey, and yes I do know what would happen if you didn&#8217;t agree with her.&nbsp; I know you love me and my pussy deeply.&nbsp; But I will tell you that pussy of Mistress&#8217; is amazing.&nbsp; Every time I lick it, it&#8217;s so warm, soft, yet gripping, and responsive.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve never had another pussy like it.&nbsp; I bet it&#8217;s even better on a cock.�
At the next gathering Mistress brought pregnancy tests for all the ladies, it was time to reveal who was pregnant.&nbsp; Mistress was hoping for at least four to cover the costs of the barn expansion and remodel from barn to lodge.&nbsp; They laid Toilet on the floor.&nbsp; They would go in order of coupling with Minto first.&nbsp; She straddled Toilet and began to pee onto the test wand and sub subsequently all over Toilet.&nbsp; After a few seconds, one blue line, not pregnant.&nbsp; Mistress told Toilet to get up and present his ass over the horse.&nbsp; She handed Minto a leather paddle, �Now smack that ass hard for not getting you pregnant.�&nbsp; Minto drew back the paddle and swang with all her might, which wasn&#8217;t all that much.&nbsp; The leather paddle smarts, but it&#8217;s just surface pain and reddened his ass, but was not bruising it.&nbsp; Next up was Alana.&nbsp; Toilet laid back down, ass smarting and Minto&#8217;s urine drying on him.&nbsp; Alana straddled him and gushed pee onto her test wand, the rest falling onto Toilet&#8217;s face and torso.&nbsp; Also negative,&nbsp; Mistress asked her if she would like to punish T for his lack of performance.&nbsp; Alana never passed up the opportunity to pound someone&#8217;s ass.&nbsp; She took the leather paddle and beat his ass much harder than Minto.&nbsp; It provided no deep bruising or cuts, but his ass was now a bright deep red.&nbsp; As she was pounding him, no one said it, but they all suspected it.&nbsp; Alana and Minto had used the morning after pill.&nbsp; Which is OK, they at least went along with the fantasy of the whole club being pregnant at the same time.&nbsp; After all, it&#8217;s their bodies.
Next up to pee over Toilet, Jan, this time after a couple of minutes the wand showed two pink lines, pregnant!&nbsp; Mistress told Toilet to get up once again and present his ass over the horse.&nbsp; This time she handed Jan the large paddle with holes.&nbsp; Now this monster can do some damage.&nbsp; �Now punish that that ass for making you pregnant�, Mistress commanded as she presented the paddle to Jan.&nbsp; And punish she did, 25 hard strokes, each one held to ass for maximum effect as they struck his ass cheeks and lower thighs.&nbsp; That was going to leave some colorful bruising.&nbsp; Toilet laid back down over the drain as Cow pissed on the wand and Toilet.&nbsp; Another positive result, another paddling with wicked holy paddle.&nbsp; Next up, Baby, and yep preggers.&nbsp; As she smacked his ass for getting her pregnant with her seventh child his skin began to break and blood seeped over his ass and down his legs.&nbsp; Mistress was liking this trend, two more to go and only one needed to be preggers.&nbsp; She was next and she enjoyed peeing over Toilet adding yet another&nbsp; flavor of piss into his mouth and over his body.&nbsp; Yep preggers, and yep another vicious paddling from the paddle with holes.&nbsp; More contusions and deep bruises.&nbsp; His ass was a mess.&nbsp; There was one more to go, Cuntlicker.&nbsp; Was there enough sperm manufactured after the previous six to get her pregnant?&nbsp; Was her body ready after three pregnancies, one after the other.&nbsp; She was told to straddle his cock and balls as she peed on them and the test wand.&nbsp; After three minutes they had the answer, yep preggers number 4!&nbsp; As Mistress applauded she commanded C, �Now suck your pee off his cock, get him hard, lay on him and fuck him�.&nbsp;&nbsp; She laid on her stomach between his legs, soaking her tits and torso in the pool of pee left by the others.&nbsp; She never liked the taste of piss, especially her own but she knew the quicker she got T hard, the sooner she could stop.&nbsp; Once he was hard, she straddle his cock and inserted it in her cunt.&nbsp; She started humping it hard, Mistress smacked her ass with the paddle and commanded she lay on top of him.&nbsp; She laid on his pee covered body as she continued to fuck his studded cock.&nbsp; Her rings and bells tingled as she humped him more.&nbsp; Another strike of the paddle to her ass and Mistress told her to start kissing him, really make love to him.&nbsp; It was hard at first for her since the smell and taste of pee was even stronger from his mouth.&nbsp; But the pleasure of the cock began to take over, the pee became pleasant,&nbsp; she exploded in orgasm.
For the next nine months T got to live through three simultaneous pregnancie plus visits to the other pregnant mistress and slave, Jan and Cow.&nbsp; It was actually a great experience watching the women&#8217;s bellies grow, watching Jan&#8217;s tits get as big as the other member milkmiads.&nbsp; Seeing how each belly carried differently and how big their pussy swelled.&nbsp; As the third tri-master approached, he may not have been drinking more pee but certainly was more often.&nbsp; When it came birthing time, the first was born two weeks early to Jan, Cow had hers 10 days later, Mistress the next day.&nbsp; Baby and C were the only two have births on the same day.&nbsp; 
Cuntlicker&#8217;s fifth would be conceived a little more than a year after the fourth.&nbsp; She had 4 births in just over five years and her body needed a rest.&nbsp; After a year Mistress was ready to breed her again.&nbsp; Over the last year the sexual escapades had gotten more daring, more public.&nbsp; This breeding would take it to a new level.&nbsp; There was a roadhouse about 25 miles out a scenic road, frequented by biker wannabes.&nbsp; These were mostly professional and skilled trade labor men.&nbsp; Rounding up their buddies for a ride was their weekend ritual.&nbsp; There was also a small hotel adjacent to this roadhouse where Mistress rented the room for the breeding of Cuntlicker.&nbsp; She then had them strip naked, T laid on the bed, his head on the edge, C straddled his face, her feet on the floor.&nbsp; She then bent over, laying on his torso, and their hands were cuffed behind their backs.&nbsp; She was blindfolded, he was not, but from between her legs he only saw cunt and ceiling.&nbsp; 
Next she went door to solicit some volunteers.&nbsp; She asked the guys, most of them married, if you could fuck someone right now, probably get them pregnant with no ramifications, would you do it.&nbsp; She asked this at three different tables.&nbsp; Ten, all but two, answered yes.&nbsp; She went on, �Here&#8217;s the deal, she wants to get knocked up, he&#8217;s a cuckold slave.&nbsp; She is laying on top of her husband, and when you fuck her all he will see is your cock fucking her pussy, and your balls bouncing against her ass.&nbsp; Between fuckings he will lick her pussy clean for the next guy.&nbsp; She is fertile as hell right now.&nbsp; One of you will knock her up.&nbsp; We will never know who.&nbsp; Go in, mount the bitch, cum in her, don&#8217;t&nbsp; say a word,&nbsp; just fuck the shit out of her.&nbsp; Guilt free fucking, and you will help a kinky couple have a baby.�&nbsp;&nbsp; They next drew straws for order.&nbsp; 
The first man in was tall, and more than adequately hung.&nbsp; He dropped he pants on the floor and began rubbing her pussy with the head of his cock.&nbsp; Not only long, it began to seriously swell up.&nbsp; His balls were tight and did not hang.&nbsp; C was scared, she assumed these bikers were the real deal.&nbsp; They had fucked countless women, exposed themselves and now her and T to all STD possibilities.&nbsp; There was nothing she could do, he grabbed her cuffed wrists and thrust himself into her cunt.&nbsp; As he pounded her, all T could do is watch that cock piston in and out.&nbsp; His stamina was pretty good. He lasted a good five minutes before squirting her pussy with his seed.&nbsp; There wasn&#8217;t a great deal since he had just fucked his wife before heading out on the ride.&nbsp; As he put his pants back on, he watched C settle her pussy onto T&#8217;s mouth and he was licking and sucking her cunt clean.&nbsp; He thought how disgusting, how pathetic.&nbsp; He just told the other guys they would just have to see for themselves.&nbsp; 
The next guy in, polar opposite.&nbsp; He was short, stocky, and his cock was tiny, his balls hairy.&nbsp; As he straddled over T&#8217;s face and began humping C his balls rubbed up and down T&#8217;s nose, mouth and chin.&nbsp; When he entered the big cunt of C, he barely was in her an inch.&nbsp; This guy hadn&#8217;t been fucked for a while and blew a large load.&nbsp; Unfortunately for T, it was almost all at the entrance of her pussy and he had a lot to eat.&nbsp; Like most the guys he couldn&#8217;t leave with a comment of some kind, �Woo dude, she must be one fine bitch for you to do that.�&nbsp; 
The next guy pretty average, but older, his balls hung low, which meant T would be even more humiliated by another guy&#8217;s balls rubbing his face.&nbsp; As this guy entered he took a couple of minutes to check out C&#8217;s rings and charms, the branding on her cunt lips, and the tattoo on her ass with the collection of&nbsp; names of women who had&nbsp; her pussy.&nbsp; He played with himself right above T&#8217;s face while checking her before entering her.&nbsp; He pounded her pretty good, T had to watch at least 10 minutes of her being fucked before he finally blew his wad.&nbsp; As he put on his pants, and watched&nbsp; T suck his cum for her pussy he couldn&#8217;t help hold back, �You two are one freaky couple!�&nbsp; 
Of the others, there were a couple of well hung cocks, neither lasted long enough to get her off.&nbsp; One made T get him hard by sucking his cock.&nbsp; In fact C never got off from any of the ten.&nbsp; She had been ruined by the hard, studded cock of her lover and husband.&nbsp; One guy got his cock good and wet in her pussy before entering her unlubricated ass, fucking it sore before depositing his cum in there.&nbsp; T ate that too.&nbsp; One thing was for sure, she would be knocked up.&nbsp; This last breeding shook T and C to the core.&nbsp; When they got back home, they approached Mistress about it.&nbsp; They asked her why she violated their agreement, exposing them to possible STDs,&nbsp; being fucked by other men, and making T perform homosexual acts, not his thing.&nbsp; Her answer was to get Baby to tie C to a chair, then she kicked T in the balls to where he crumbled to the floor.&nbsp; She was then able to cuff him his arms, through his legs, to his ankles.&nbsp; She found the holy paddle and administered 100 severe strikes to his ass.&nbsp; Deeply bruised and bloody, he could not sit for two days.&nbsp; They had their answer, the agreement meant nothing.
Their life would go on pretty �normal�, by their standards through C&#8217;s fourth pregnancy.&nbsp; She would deliver with no problems.&nbsp; But T and C knew they must move on for their own safety.&nbsp; They loved Mistress and Baby, and appreciated the excitement brought to their lives.&nbsp; But the punishments were getting more severe, the humiliations more public, and they could not accept being exposed to STDs and hepatitis.&nbsp; They had to figure a way out, because they knew Mistress would not let the walk.

Cuntlicker and Toilet Epilogue

As the author I wanted to check out how T &amp; C (as they now go by) were doing on �on their own�.&nbsp; I expected quite well but wondered if they kept with the lifestyle.&nbsp; After all they did seek it out at one time.&nbsp;&nbsp; I was able to contact them,
 and they were gracious enough to have me at their place a couple of hours north of Los Angeles for an interview.&nbsp; Further, they asked for no pre-editing of the questions and said they would answer all truthfully or not at all.&nbsp; Refreshing really.

When I arrived T and C met me at the door and invited me into their living room.&nbsp; They were naked, hairless, except C had grown her hair on her head out.&nbsp; They were adorned with their many piercings and if anything had more.&nbsp; A lock dangled between T&#8217;s legs, locking his penis to behind his balls.&nbsp; There were only a couple of charms hanging on his rings.&nbsp; C had many bells hanging from her genital and nipple rings and she still jingled as she walked.&nbsp; 

A: You&#8217;ve obviously settled into some pretty nice digs.
C: Yep.&nbsp; I picked the location and the house.&nbsp; T continues to out perform the market with his investments and we are now into some real estate.&nbsp; 

A: So getting right to the point, did you stay with the lifestyle?&nbsp; And as robustly as when you were with your Mistress?
 C: Oh yes, maybe even more so.&nbsp; We just get to do all that we want, and live a more balanced life..
A: What parts have you kept?&nbsp; What is a typical day?
C: We start each morning with my morning pee into T, and at any time we need to take a piss.&nbsp; I haven&#8217;t used a real toilet in months.&nbsp; And we continued the enemas that ultimately get emptied into T, who empties them in the garden.&nbsp; We kept all the piercings, changed the charms, of course, the tattoos are still there and we have added more names to our necks and butt.&nbsp; We fuck at least daily, usually more.&nbsp; I get my breasts suckled several times daily.&nbsp; And we added a member to our house.

About that time Cow walked in.&nbsp; She used to be the partner of Jan but obviously was now partners with C &amp; T.&nbsp; 

A; OK� Give me the explanation of how Cow wound up with you.
T: It was obvious to us after our first visit to Jan and Cow&#8217;s that Cow was not entirely fulfilled at Jan&#8217;s.&nbsp; She is decidedly Bi and Jan is all Lesbian.&nbsp; You could tell Jan resented that part of&nbsp; Cow and demeaned her badly.&nbsp; Ironically Alana physically trashed Minto, but she also let Minto know how important she was to her.&nbsp; And Minto enjoyed the pain/pleasure that Alana knew just how much she could take.&nbsp; It worked for them and they loved each other.&nbsp; Cow was just an object and a meal ticket for Jan.&nbsp; You could tell that there was something there, but not love.&nbsp; And we knew Cow would be much happier with us, so we made Jan a very lucrative offer to free Cow when we broke away.&nbsp; Cow was offered and chose to stay with us and become very much a part of our lifestlyle.

A: What lifestyle is that anyway? You all seem to be submissives. Who&#8217;s in charge here?&nbsp; 
T:&nbsp; We are communal.&nbsp; We have established routines we have agreed upon and who will partake of them.&nbsp; They are of course always negotiable.&nbsp; 
A: And what are these routines?
T:&nbsp; I still drink all pee from the ladies,&nbsp; They get and I receive daily enemas.&nbsp; We all make each other cum daily (use it of lose it).&nbsp; We still make babies for others.&nbsp; We wear minimal, if any clothes, and no underwear, it&#8217;s easy to see what we have going on.&nbsp; We maintain our piercings and tattoos.&nbsp; I wear butt plugs at all times except for relief.&nbsp; Anyone can ask the other to perform a sexual favor for them or someone else if they want to share.&nbsp; There are others, but that&#8217;s the main ones.

A:&nbsp; Still having babies, and I see the baby bump of C.&nbsp; 
At this time I could also see milk dripping from Cow.&nbsp; Her breasts were as enormous as ever.&nbsp; T went to the couch she was sitting and laid his head in her lap, she gave him her breast and he began to suckle while C continued to interview.&nbsp; I could also see some nasty bruises on T&#8217;s butt and thighs as he turned on his side to suckle Cow.
C:&nbsp; Yep.&nbsp; We enjoy being pregnant, and enjoy making other couples happy with their children.&nbsp; I am on number 7, while Cow has had 14.&nbsp; And in full disclosure, It&#8217;s pretty lucrative.
A: Never considered having one for yourself?
C: Not for a minute.&nbsp; Cow is about to sign on to have her 15th with a couple.&nbsp; 
A: So T will make her pregnant too?
C: We&#8217;ve changed that a bit.&nbsp; We found we can charge higher fees if we use the sperm of the couple.&nbsp; At least the kid is half their DNA.&nbsp; 
A: So you use artificial insemination?
C: No, not so far.&nbsp; We offer a less expensive way.&nbsp; The Dad gets to fuck us, and we agree not to have vaginal intercourse until we know I&#8217;m pregnant.&nbsp; There will be a DNA test of course for their comfort.&nbsp; They give up not having to pay for fertilization, but give up a 100% DNA child.&nbsp; Saves them $20,000.&nbsp; 
A; So T is OK letting someone else knock you up?&nbsp; 
C: He was OK.&nbsp; For this one coming it was really funny.&nbsp; The couple were swingers and wanted us to join them.&nbsp; The wife laid down in the middle of the bed, she was a little plump and well endowed.&nbsp; I laid myself upon her, my pussy just above her mouth, and I began to lick her clit.&nbsp; Her husband entered me from behind, his balls bouncing on her head.&nbsp; She got a full view of his cock pistoning in and out of me.&nbsp; She got the full view as she shot his baby making sperm into me.&nbsp; T also got in on the action and started fucking her.&nbsp; Just as the husband shot off in me, he shot into her.&nbsp; I was the only one who didn&#8217;t orgasm right then.&nbsp; The hilarious thing was, she got pregnant too.&nbsp; After years of trying, they had given up, I guess too soon.
A: Are they taking the baby still?
C: Oh yes, they will have twin half siblings.&nbsp; Bet that hasn&#8217;t happened too often.

A: And why did you chose to leave Mistress.&nbsp; She seemed right for you guys.
C: She was in many ways, but two things killed it for us.
First was greed, she kept pushing for more and more money from T&#8217;s investments.&nbsp; And two, she was going beyond our limits of safety.&nbsp; The one that killed it the most for us was when she went into the bar and brought out a total stranger to get me pregnant, and then had T suck my pussy of the draining cum.&nbsp; That&#8217;s just not safe, and that was only the beginning.&nbsp; She did that several more times.&nbsp; And making us eat our shit is just asking for hepatitis.&nbsp; Making T drink the pee of a perfect stranger who was on her period, hep C anyone?&nbsp; We told her our limits, and she was consistently making us do unsafe acts.&nbsp; That&#8217;s not Love.

A: I see C is pretty bruised up, which one of you did that?

C raised up and showed me her severely bruised butt.&nbsp; 
C: Actually none of us.&nbsp; In fact Cow has some nasty bruise and cuts on her butt and thigh.&nbsp; To meet our masochist needs we are inviting guest Mistresses over for play.&nbsp; It&#8217;s cool because we can get different ones who are into different stuff.&nbsp; Keeps the variety up.

A: So all is well?&nbsp; What&#8217;s your next adventure?
T: Now done feeding from Cow:&nbsp; I bought a remote Bed and Breakfast on the Oregon Coast and added a dungeon with six theme rooms.&nbsp; Couples in the BDSM lifestyle or Doms with their dates (no prostitution), can come and enjoy the beach by day and play by night.&nbsp; If it goes well, we&#8217;ll do a couple of more in some equally eerie locations.
A: That&#8217;s cool, tell me more about it?
T: Better yet,&nbsp; we will take you there in a couple of months.

A: And Cow, how has the transition been for you?&nbsp; Do you miss Jan?&nbsp; 
Cow: Miss Jan, of course, but this is even better.&nbsp; I live and love with the most beautiful couple.&nbsp; I get to have babies and take care of the home, make sure it&#8217;s kept clean and repaired, cook a lot of&nbsp; the dinners, and my boobs always provide Breakfast and Lunch.&nbsp; They do such a great job of the business end, all I have to do is love and the provide twice the love back.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t be happier, I have to pinch myself daily.

A:&nbsp; Thanks for letting me visit, I can&#8217;t wait to visit on the Oregon Coast.&nbsp; It will provide me a great vacation and a better story to tell I am sure.&nbsp; 

As I started to say my goodbyes, T shook my hand, drew me close in a man hug and whispered in my ear, thank you for telling our story so well, and the girls have a special gift by for you.&nbsp; With that, Cow undid my pants, slid them down, and wrapped her mouth around my cock.&nbsp; She let me know, � I would fuck you right now but I have to remain fertile for our next clients.&nbsp; With that she turned me around and there was C on knees and elbow, ass in the air,&nbsp; �Fuck it, fuck it good� she commanded.&nbsp; I was happy to oblige and I entered her swollen pregnant pussy and pounded as she screamed for me to pound it harder.&nbsp; I exploded into that pussy.&nbsp; As my cock shrank from her hole Cow turned me around and sucked me clean.&nbsp; As I left through the door, C was standing and had T between her legs licking my cum from her pussy.&nbsp; As I drove away the girls were hugging each other side by side as T continued his pussy cleaning.&nbsp; I am grateful for such friends.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  samuel(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





